21) 3) dialog: No loopers on fucking Wednesdays! The loopers collectively flip him off.
25) 0) text: Joe and the loopers are kicked out by burly GAT MEN, foll by Kid Blue, pointing and yelling at them. The loopers la their asses off.
46) 8) dialog: Open up Joe! (to the gat man) Watch the window.
46) 17) dialog: That took awhile.
46) 19) dialog: Tye's going to watch your apartment while we go have a talk with Abe. Joe grabs a jacket.
48) 0) text: Kid Blue leads Joe down the stairs and into the door at t base.
49) 0) text: Dingy with a few benches. In one wall three steep stairs lead to a high door. Kid Blue knocks. Muffled voice from
49) 4) dialog: You know why they call that pea shooter a blunderbuss? Cuz it's impossible to hit anything farther than 15 feet, and impossible to miss anything closer. A gun for fuck up turkeys. Not like a gat. A gat has range. Accuracy. His gun spinning gets fancier. His gun meaner looking tha Joe's blunderbuss, long and slim and chrome.
49) 6) dialog: You're right, it'd be real easy for it to accidentally go off. He clicks the safety off. Joe shifts uncomfortably.
49) 8) dialog: Don't disrespect a gat man, Looper. Joe stifles a chuckle. In a flash, the Kid stands and pistol-whips him across th face. Joe falls back. The Kid raises his gun at Joe. Frozen in that tableau a moment, the Kid savors his victo Lowers his gun.
49) 15) dialog: S'alright, s'alright. Humiliated, the Kid tries to stand, but falls over again. After a moment everyone realizes what's happened, and the tension breaks.
51) 0) text: Abe leads Joe out, past gat men and Kid Blue, smirking ag
66) 0) text: Holding his breath, Joe edges in. It's ravaged, torn to pieces. The floor safe is open, about half the gold bars missing. But the apartment seems empty. Exhaling, Joe works quickly. Knocks a tile aside, pulls a wad of cash from the wall. A heavy jacket from the closet Eyes dart around the room - what else? But too late -- footsteps in the hallway. Joe ducks into the bathroom jus as Kid Blue and a TALL GAT MAN enter the apartment.
67) 0) text: Joe crouches. Outside, Kid Blue piles the man's arms full gold bars.
68) 0) text: The Tall Gat Man exits, Kid Blue stays crouched over the floor safe hefting out bars, his back to the bathroom. In the distance, a GUNSHOT. Kid Blue's head perks up. CREAK! From the bathroom. Quick as lightning, the Kid dra his gat and spins - but Joe is already upon him, full spr SLAM! Joe tackles the Kid backwards. But while Joe uses h momentum to leap over the OPEN FLOOR SAFE, the Kid tumble back into it, vanishing inside with a painful thud. Joe scrambles to a stop, lifts the heavy safe trap door a SLAMS it down - just as the Kid's hand grasps the open ed With a sickening CRACK, the trap door closes on the Kid's fingers. A bellowing howl, his fingers withdraw, and the safe door clicks shut. The ELECTRIC BOX rigged to the code pad to crack it clatters off, and whirrrr, CLICK. Locked. Joe, panting, goes on hands and knees to the safe door and sho clear and earnest:
105) 0) text: On the street outside the building. Old Joe approaches, watching the window high above. Weighing his options. He scans the street. Spots an ARMORED VAN in the alleyway Movement from behind it - Kid Blue and the Tall Gat Man loading their bars in the back.
105) 4) dialog: Two more trips. They enter the building. Old Joe takes a breath, then casually walks down the sidewalk, past the alleyway, scoping the Armored Van. A G MAN DRIVER in the driver's seat.
111) 0) text: Kid Blue slumps in a chair, holding a rag to a wound on h head. Eyes wet from crying. Abe storms in.
111) 2) dialog: I can't hear you Abe leans in next to his ear and shouts
111) 4) dialog: I can fix this. I can find him.
115) 0) text: Gat Men in cars and helicopters patrol the streets. Kid Blue sits on the curb, smoking a cigarette. Seething his bandaged hand. Deep in thought. His eyes lift. An idea.
116) 0) text: The familiar red garage. And three stories up, Seth's lit window. Kid Blue pulls a small caliber gun from a holster conceal on his boot, enters the building.
118) 0) text: The peephole screen on the inside of Seth's apartment doo Kid Blue manipulating a device, a shower of sparks blows screen out momentarily, and the door swings open. Kid Blue storms in, his gun drawn, sweeping through the apartment with over-eager purpose. Empty. He deflates. Thinks. Goes to the peephole screen, touches it and a menu comes A little manipulating, and the image is rewinding. An empty hall, scanning back half an hour. Then: young Jo Kid Blue stops scanning, hits ‘PLAY'. Joe feels around door jam, retrieves a key, and enters the apartment. Kid Blue exhales. Well Joe was here. Taps the screen again, it goes back to a live feed, and h about to step away when his eye catches something. He pushes a square on the screen, and the view changes. T live feed from a camera in the ceiling of the apartment. Excited, Kid rewinds this half an hour. On the screen: Joe enters the apartment. Rifles around a little, then sits at the table. Head in his hands. Starin into space. Then goes to a kitchen drawer, opens it, gets something. Goes to the front door, takes something off the wall, bri exits. Kid Blue stops the screen. He goes and sits where Joe sat. Stares where Joe stared. The kitchen counter. A blender, sink. Can labeled “COFF Kid goes to the kitchen drawer Joe opened, pulls it open. It's full of knives. Kid goes finally to the door, looks at the wall. A small rack for keys, several hanging and one empty hook. Kid Blue stares into space, trying to put these pieces together. Lights a cigarette.
130) 0) text: Kid Blue squats on his haunches with four more Gat Men, t guns trained on the diner door. Three Gat Men burst out, followed by Joe.
130) 8) dialog: Alive! No, alive! Joe makes it to the Slat Bike, jumps on, hits the ignitio CLICK.
130) 10) dialog: The tracker! Get the tracker!
141) 0) text: Abe stands fuming, flanked by two Gat Men. Kid Blue sits like a kid in detention.
141) 2) dialog: I can do it again.
141) 4) dialog: I wanted you to say I did good, that's all I wanted. This is all I have. Abe puts his hand on the gat. Kids' finger still on the trigger. A tense moment. Abe pulls the gun away, across t table.
143) 0) text: The Gat Man shoves Kid Blue through the twisty maze of backstage, past girls and Loopers and men.
143) 6) dialog: I'm gonna make this good again. I will. I'm gonna be back.
144) 1) dialog: Oh no. Oh no no no no He fights in vain to break from the Gat Man's grip. Weeps begs, clasps at whatever he can grab. The Gat Man turns a corner -- towards the alley's dead en
214) 3) text: Jesus, fuckin Kid Blue what the FUCK KID BLUE
214) 5) text: You get the fuck outta KID BLUE
214) 7) text: The fuck are you still doing in town, Abe wants you dead man KID BLUE
214) 9) text: Jssshhh. No we didn't get him. Spotted and lost him. West End, near Whore's Alley. KID BLUE
214) 11) text: That area, Mott &amp; Talbott, little working girl colony. KID BLUE
214) 16) text: Yeah, maybe you bring him the looper, but short of that Abe don't get right with priced men. KID BLUE
214) 18) text: Big one. Canady locks the car doors. And in that one moment, Kid Blue pulls Canady's gun from holster. Holds it on him. A tense moment. CANADY (CONT'D)
215) 0) text: BANG and the drivers side window explodes outward bloody. A moment, then Kid Blue stumbles out, holding his ears in pain. Off down the alley and out of sight.
226) 0) text: A tiny, dark concrete room. Kid Blue watches a screen, hi hand on a toggle wheel. A security cam view of Suzie's apartment building upper landing. Playback of last night. It scans quickly forward. The APARTMENT SUPER leans against the wall behind him, counting money. KID BLUE
226) 2) text: Uh huh. This whole block. You wanna check those too, I can arrange. KID BLUE
226) 3) text: I do. On the screen, Suzie comes home. Picks up her daughter fr next door. Goes into 205. Kid Blue keeps scanning. And an instant later, Old Joe climbs the stairs. Kid Blue slows playback.
227) 0) text: Kid Blue emerges from a passage, into the parking lot. Lo up at Suzie's apartment door. Then down the street. A few drops of rain fall.
253) 1) text: The Rainmaker. A bare bulb hanging from the ceiling turns on. A six year old girl's room. But the only person in it is Blue. He shoots Old Joe with a blue tazer. Old Joe hits the ground, mouth foaming, paralyzed. Knowin the answer now, knowing the who and the how but helpless defeated. Kid Blue kicks him in the face.     CID    
261) 0) text: The door buzzes open. Kid pushes Old Joe through the long entrance hallway, past a dozen Gat Men, who watch him wit shocked amazement. Old Joe's hands bound back. Kid Blue glows. He comes to t tiny coat check room, and Big Craig stops him, then sees Joe. BIG CRAIG
261) 1) text: Hoh. So both we got? KID BLUE
261) 3) text: They found Joe too though, in a farm on the east side. That's why all the Gats are here, the whole crew's arming up to make a sweep. KID BLUE
261) 4) text: Joe fuck Joe, save your bullets I got the Looper. Not such a fuck up huh? I'm taking him up to This happens very fast: Old Joe uses his legs to kick himself off the wall and ba into Kid Blue, SLAMMING him against the opposite wall. Old Joe grabs (behind his back) Kid Blue's gun, and blast one shot through the chains binding his wrists and into t Kid's midsection. He whips the gun from behind his back and shoots Big Crai the face. Then blasts the Gat Men in the entrance hallway while he reaches into the coat check and pulls an automat rifle. He blasts like hell into the hallway. A few shots return mostly the men are trapped. Then it's over. All is smoky still for a moment.    
267) 0) text: Kid Blue's eyes flutter open. He lifts himself painfully. Checks his chest. Most of the shot caught his shoulder, h chest is grazed. The Gat Men in the hall. Big Craig. All dead.
268) 0) text: Kid Blue wanders the smoky halls. Dead and dying men.
269) 0) text: Abe, shot once in the head, twice in the chest. Kid Blue stands over them. Stunned. Tears well in his eyes. Then on the wall, he sees the map. The farm circled in re
271) 0) text: Joe waits. Then, a CLOUD OF DUST on the distant highway. tenses. The cloud gets closer. It is a truck. An armored truck. Joe squints. It's the ARMORED TRUCK that Kid Blue loaded gold bricks into. The front windshield blown in. The truck stops fifty feet away, and Old Joe steps out. H throws a gold bar, which lands in the dusty highway betwe them. OLD JOE
271) 7) text: I haven't seen that yet. Joe fires again, close enough now to draw blood off Old J chest and knock him back. Out of nowhere a SLAT BIKE careens around the van, which until now blocked our line of sight down the highway. Kid Blue. The bike clips Joe's leg, sending him spinning violently the dusty pavement. The bike shoots off down the highway, a cloud of dust in wake. It takes a hundred yards for the Kid to pull it to stop and spin it around. Joe is hurt bad. He grapples for his blunderbuss. Kid Blue guns the engine, gat in hand. Levels it, steady a rock. Joe shoots at the Kid, but he's out of range, the gun fir scattershot. Kid Blue fires, a bullet hits dangerously close to Joe. Panicked, Joe begins firing at the pavement around him, r after fiery round. Kicking up dust. Lots of dust. Raising a cloud. KID BLUE'S POV - zooming towards Joe, now obscured in a c of dust and smoke. He fires his gat into the cloud, tries slow the bike but can't in time. In the dust cloud Joe hears the bike roaring down upon hi He covers up and when he feels the bike roaring past blin FIRES his buss. A moment later the bike emerges from the dust cloud. With a driver. It skids, crashes. When the dust clears away Joe lies still, arms over his h    