62) 0) text: Our montage comes to an end suddenly and all is silent. Joe in the corn field, in his stance, ready to draw. But nothing happens. Silence. Joe checks his watch, confused. 2:30 and change. Waits. Watching the blank space where th man is supposed to appear. Hand on his gun. Breathing shallow. Something is wrong. 2:32. An eternity. Then, there he is. But different. Not kneeling. On his side, so he flops ove and has to straighten himself. The man's hands are UNTIED Holy shit. Joe raises his gun, scared. Time slows. Finger tightens o the trigger. Then he sees: the man has NO SACK ON HIS HEAD. And the fa that stares back at Joe is his own. 57 YEAR OLD JOE. His eyes fixed on Joe. And for just one split second, Joe's face slackens, and h finger eases on the trigger. It's all the hesitation Old Joe needs. He throws his body into a spin. Joe snaps out of it, and PULLS THE TRIGGER. The shot catches Old Joe square in the back, and the impa blows him forward. But instead of blood beneath his torn jacket's back, we see the layered gold bars spill out. Th caught the blast. In what seems like one fluid motion Old Joe's fingers gra one of the bars, he spins again, throwing handfuls of dir and the bar back towards Joe. Joe flinches, again just for a moment, and when his eyes focus again and his arm steadies the gun it's too late. Old Joe is on top of him, with a heavy blow knocking the aside, and with an even heavier one swinging down on Joe' head, a fist and then
69) 5) dialog: 
70) 0) text: We abruptly CUT ON to a very familiar scene. Young Joe stands alone in the corn field, in his stance, ready to draw. But nothing happens. Silence. Joe checks his watch, confused. 2:30 and change. This is exactly the scene where Old Joe appears, being replayed before our eyes. But when Old Joe does APPEAR, i different: his hands are tied, his head covered with a sa And something very different happens: Joe raises his gun and without hesitation PULLS THE TRIGG Old Joe's chest explodes. He falls dead. Joe approaches the body, and slows. Sensing something. He pulls off the sack. The face of his older self. Old Joe. He flips him over. Gold bars CLINK beneath a bloody jacke Joe has closed his loop.
84) 0) text: A dingy dark hallway. Distant thumping bass indicates it' maybe behind a club. The hall is lined with French Gangster, all similarly dressed. Reminiscent of the Gat Men. It takes us a moment to recognize Joe among them. In his EARLY 40s now. His face a hard weathered mask. A soldier. (Note - it is here we transition from the actor playing Young Joe to the one playing Old Joe.)
86) 0) text: Old Joe high as a kite, in an all out brawl. Punched to t ground. Laughing his ass off. A bar fight blossoms in slow motion all around. Old Joe looks up, sees the woman who will be his WIFE for first time. Long red hair (reminiscent of but NOT Suzie.) a green dress. She flees the fighting, towards the exit. “SORTIE.” Transfixed and high, Old Joe follows her. Puts his hand o her shoulder. She turns, looks him over. Flips him off. Leaves. Old Joe watches her go. In love.
87) 0) text: Old Joe hits on his future Wife, she tells him to fuck of
88) 0) text: Old Joe in bed with his future Wife. They kiss.
89) 0) text: Old Joe shoots up a storefront with his gang.
90) 0) text: Old Joe's future wife yells at him, holding his gun holst accusingly. She throws them across the room. LATER - He holds her in bed, both of them troubled.
91) 0) text: Old Joe driving. Deep in thought. His future Wife beside him, her hand on his. He hits the brakes.
92) 0) text: The car screeches to a halt on a beach side road. Old Joe gets out, runs across the beach to the water, pulling his out of its holster. He fires it out to sea till its empty then throws the gun into the ocean. He runs back to his Wife, standing on the beach. They kis They fall to the sand, and kiss.
94) 0) text: Old Joe sweats and shudders out his drug addiction. His W tends to him.
95) 0) text: Old Joe in his mid 50s, his Wife lying on a hammock with reading. Hands lazily entwined. A good life.
97) 0) text: Lazy, dust motes hanging in the sunlight through the wind Old Joe in bed, in his late 50s. His Wife walks through, says something inconsequential, p her hand on his foot. Draws it away, fingers sliding off gently. And is gone. We stay with Old Joe. His deep breath. The sun warming th sheets. Running water from the kitchen. His eyes focus on his hand. Written in faded ink on the p is a number we do not recognize: 07153902935. A long moment. With all the violence in the world, the cottage's green f door is KICKED OPEN. Joe runs out of the bedroom half dressed, and GANGSTERS g him, taking him down with a rifle butt to the head. His Wife is dragged from the kitchen screaming.
100) 0) text: Like an iron coffin. Old Joe climbs inside. Braces himsel Closes the hatch behind him. Flash and crack and he is sent.
101) 0) text: And appears in front of his younger self. The scene now plays out as it did the first time. Joe hesitates, Old Joe gets the upper hand, knocks him out. Old Joe looks around, gets his bearings. Stares at his younger self a moment. Then goes to the truck.
102) 0) text: Old Joe drives the truck into the city.
103) 0) text: Cramped. Old Joe walks in quickly, gets aspirin, wrapped sandwiches, bandages, big bottles of water. Removes his t jacket, dumps it. At the register, the CLERK bags everything up. Old Joe pu the blunderbuss on the clerk.
103) 1) dialog: And your jacket.
104) 0) text: Wearing the clerk's jacket, Old Joe takes four aspirin. Holds his head a minute, rocking gently.
105) 0) text: On the street outside the building. Old Joe approaches, watching the window high above. Weighing his options. He scans the street. Spots an ARMORED VAN in the alleyway Movement from behind it - Kid Blue and the Tall Gat Man loading their bars in the back.
105) 1) dialog: Shit. Old Joe turns to go, but STOPS when his eye catches movem between parked cars. It's Joe. Young Joe, hid between the cars, looking up at apartment building weighing his options.
106) 0) text: The Gat Man Driver watches Old Joe disappear from view. Suspicious, he uncovers a GAT on the seat beside him. When he looks back up Old Joe stands in his headlights, blunderbuss raised. BANG! The windshield shatters, the Ga Man Driver is torn apart. Old Joe runs up, flings open the door, digs through the bloody mess frantically, finding the GAT.
107) 0) text: Old Joe dashes out onto the street as gunfire cracks from high apartment window. Sharp eyes will notice that Old Jo right ear is now clipped off, an old wound. He dashes towards the apartment door, gun in hand, but st when the window five stories above shatters with gunfire. Old Joe backs up, and sees Joe scrambling down the fire escape as the TALL GAT MAN fires down at him. Old Joe takes expert aim with the gat, and fires three sh upwards. The Tall Gat Man's gunfire stops. Joe slips on the fire escape, falls two stories and lands the hood of a parked car. Old Joe goes to him, checks his pulse. Behind them the TALL GAT MAN hits the sidewalk with a SPL Old Joe goes to the tall gat man's remains, picks another out of them, and goes back to Joe's inert body on the car hood.
107) 1) dialog: Stupid little shit. He lifts him in his arms.
114) 0) text: A window shatters inward, punched through by a wrapped fi A big reading hall, empty and dark. The broken window ope Old Joe slides in. Weaves his way past the reading tables finds what he's looking for at a desk. A suspended sheet of thin plastic turns out to be a compu Checking his hand, he inputs the number. Navigates menus windows, information flashing, searching.
117) 0) text: Old Joe finishes printing several large documents that lo like maps. He folds them up, pockets them. Dashes to the window, starts to heft himself up - And sto On his hand, a smooth aged scar. Of an arrow. Pointing to his wrist. Old Joe's breath catches. He pulls down his sleeve, revealing “B” then “E” Then “A then “T”... He bares his arm, reading the e message.
121) 0) text: The same from the previous flashback. Old Joe in bed, half asleep. A woman's arm under his neck It slips away, and he kisses its wrist. Comfort, warmth. The woman, leaving. Her hand touches and slides off his foot, moving away.
122) 0) text: Old Joe emerges from the corn fields bordering the sideca roadside diner. Fumbles in his jacket, dry-swallows four aspirin. Regains his footing. Walks around the diner cautiously. Parked in back behind a dumpster, SETH'S SLAT BIKE.
123) 0) text: Joe sits at a booth. Old Joe enters, steps up slowly, sit A moment of silence. Along with his ear, Joe's hand and arm are now wrapped in bloodied bandages. Joe's eyes go to Old Joe's arm. Old Jo pulls his sleeve back and shows him the scar spelling “BEATRIX.” Beatrix the waitress steps up breezily.
123) 2) dialog: Please. Black. And water.
123) 4) dialog: 
123) 7) dialog: Steak and eggs, rare and scrambled.
123) 14) dialog: We're not going to talk about time travel.
123) 16) dialog: Must hurt. His arm.
123) 19) dialog: I put it together. Clever.
123) 22) dialog: I'm not asking you to.
123) 24) dialog: You know there's another girl here on weekends.
123) 27) dialog: Well. Have fun explaining who ‘Beatrix' is for the next thirty years. Beatrix sets Old Joe's black coffee next to Joe's white.
123) 35) dialog: (fast in French,
123) 41) dialog: You know what the voice of god sounds like? See now good you're confused now but you're listening. I hope the voice of god sounds like an old man speaking French. Old men speaking French sound like primeval trees in a strong wind, just irrefutable. Wise, strong, gentle, all these things in harmony, complimentary. At once. Old men speaking French. Young men speaking French sound, without exception, like weenies. Fact. You ever hear a Frenchman under 40 try to sound threatening? It's hilarious. English is a tight t- shirt, flatters the young. Rat a tat tat. French is a double breasted suit. Young man can put it on, but it always feels like he's putting something on. Some things, you just need the years. It's my favorite language.
123) 48) dialog: Well you know what you have to do then why don't you take your little gun out from between your knees and do it. One in the head, two in the heart. Boy. It's all “anybody” and “never” and then you show up here and think you can talk me into dying. Well bullshit we both know you're not going to kill me. Christ you ordered eggs. Old Joe downs two aspirin. Takes a breath.
123) 52) dialog: Yeah, that helps actually. That little twist of unfamiliar.
123) 55) dialog: No not - exactly - I don't want to talk about time travel shit, because we'll start talking about it and then we'll be here all day making diagrams with straws. It doesn't matter.
123) 62) dialog: It doesn't matter because I don't know how it works. Nobody knows how it works. Time travel was an accident, thirty years from now the smartest men in the world know exactly one thing about it that you don't: they know to be scared to death of it.
123) 74) dialog: The pepper is a sort of fog. See my memories start clear here, (at the right straw) but as they go back they get cloudier, until they're totally obscured. It's like a fog. Because my memories aren't really memories, they're one possible eventuality now, and they grow clearer or cloudier as they become more or less likely. But then they get to the present moment (the left straw) And they're instantly clear again. Like a wall of fog moving forward with the present moment. I can remember what you do after you do it. He pushes the left straw slowly towards the right, and it pushes the pepper with it.
123) 76) dialog: And it hurts.
123) 78) dialog: Uh huh. But Beatrix brings their food, two identical plates. Old Joe awkwardly clears away the pepper and straws.
123) 87) dialog: She's gonna save your life. Old Joe makes eye contact with Joe, for maybe the first t and holds it. Unexpectedly naked on his face is the deepe sort of grief. Deep and unrelenting. Joe can't look at it he breaks off his gaze. The grief is too much for Old Joe to swallow back down, s turns it into anger.
123) 90) dialog: Your life. Let's look. At your life. You're a killer and a junkie. And a fucking child mentality, “My life,” “what's mine.” Save your life, you're asking how? The question is why. Why would someone waste themselves on you, give up the good life they had, sacrifice a good life to love you.
123) 93) dialog: Shut your fucking child mouth. She's going to clean you up and you're going to take her love like a sponge and you're both going to pretend that she's saved you, you're so self absorbed and stupid.
124) 0) text: His Wife spins, as Gangsters burst into the entryway. Old Joe in bed. It plays out again. He leaps to his feet, is tackled by the Gangsters. They drag Old Joe from the bedroom. Though the hall, Joe sees the woman struggling against two Gangsters, her dress torn and bloody. One approaches her with the knife. Old Joe screams, struggles, but cannot stop them from doi what they do to her.
125) 1) dialog: Have you heard of the Rainmaker?
125) 3) dialog: The Rainmaker came out of nowhere and in the span of six months took total control of the five major syndicates.
125) 5) dialog: But he didn't have an army. Legend is he did it alone. Alone alone. Don't know I believe the legend but he didn't have an army.
125) 7) dialog: That's the question. And no one knows. Not only that, there's no pictures of him. It's insane. There's stories he has a synthetic jaw. Things like that. But word spread quick about him through the ex-looper grapevine, even before his mass executions and vagrant purges and reign of terror, because the first thing he did was start closing loops. All of them. Exterminating the whole program. Cleaning house.
126) 0) text: An 8th story office, under siege. Gangsters down in the street fire up at the windows with guns. Helicopters pass by. The office door is blocked shut with a filing cabinet On the phone - the looper DALE, but in his mid 50s. Batte and terrified. Holding a piece of paper, reading off it, the phone with Old Joe. The wall with the door in it EXPLODES inward.
127) 0) text: The line goes dead. Old Joe hangs up. Looks at his hand, with the number. Standing in his cottage, before he was s back. Through the window, his wife working in the garden. Old Joe closes his hand.
128) 0) text: Old Joe showing the number to Joe.
128) 2) dialog: This is going to happen
128) 11) dialog: Gone.
128) 13) dialog: No you don't understand. We don't have to give her up. I'm going to tell you why I'm here now. He puts his hand on the folded papers.
128) 22) dialog: It's been thirty years for me, so it's hard to remember. When you stole Seth's bike you stripped out the security tracker. Right? Joe's fearful face says ‘no.' Old Joe draws his gat.
128) 26) dialog: Shit. Joe's blunderbuss hacks another shot, and the window behi Old Joe explodes. Old Joe makes his break, sprints for th broken window, jumps...
131) 0) text: Joe riding at full speed through the thick corn stalks. H BAILS, snapping through corn stalks and rolling to a pain stop. The bike ZOOMS onward through the stalks, quickly o of sight. Pained, Joe lies still, breathing hard. Pulls Old Joe's t paper from his pocket. On one side, the number Old Joe scribbled: 1027363259 He flips it over. It's a map. Mostly of empty farm land, bisected by a bold highway and scattered farm houses. One of them is CIRCLED IN BLACK.
151) 0) text: Joe's gun leveled, face set. But the porch light on the man's face: it is not Old Joe. It is a man in his 30s, filthy, with down's syndrome. A greasy sign around his neck: “PLEASE HELP MUWTE FOOD $
163) 0) text: Cavernous space beneath a high street grating, damp and c Old Joe sits on the ground, methodically cleaning and loa his gun. He finishes. Places the gun on top of his folded torn maps. Closes his eyes. Sees:
165) 0) text: Old Joe touches his temple. Head aching. Remembering.
165) 1) dialog: The first time I saw her face.
167) 1) dialog: No. No no. His POCKET WATCH sits open in front of him. He picks it u
169) 0) text: Old Joe holds his pocket watch tight like a talisman. Fingers dug deep in his head.
169) 1) dialog: No. The first time I saw her face.
170) 0) text: A fist comes straight at us. SMACK! We reel back, revealing: the Paris club, crowded and rowd A piece of Old Joe's life that we've seen before. Joe (mid 40s) lies on the ground, lip bloodied, laughing hysterically at a YOUNG PUNK who has just hit him. A bar fight blossoms in slow motion all around. Joe looks up, sees the woman who will be his Wife for the first time. In her green dress. Whisps of fog drift into frame.
171) 0) text: Inside Old Joe's pocket watch, a picture. Of his WIFE. The sun breaks in through the grate above. Old Joe closes the pocket watch, holds in tight. Then he stands and pick up the gun and goes.
174) 0) text: Old Joe hides in the trees across the street from a subur track home. A young boy in a bright jacket runs out the front door an off down the street. Old Joe checks the folded map in his trembling hands. On this house is circled in black, exactly like Sara's farm. Stuffing the map in his pocket, he pushes out through the trees.
176) 0) text: Old Joe STOPS in his tracks, children running around him. His hand goes to his temple.
178) 0) text: Old Joe's hand runs from his temple to his neck. Feels a but old scar, just a little divot behind his ear.
180) 0) text: A suburban park. On its far end, a birthday party. The YOUNG BOY in the bright jacket we saw run out of the house earlier sits alone under a tree. Old Joe approaches him.
180) 6) dialog: Hi. Daniel, right? I'm Chad's father. Aren't you going to come over? We're doing cake.
180) 8) dialog: Well you should join the party even if you don't have cake. You have a birthday coming up?
180) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. Old Joe leaves, walks across the grass. Having trouble breathing.
182) 0) text: The same track home Old Joe studied from the trees earlie Daniel trots towards it, coming home from the birthday pa
186) 0) text: Old Joe. Sitting in a corner of the yard. Face set hard. Daniel stands, key in hand. Drops the matt. Slow motion. Turns. Sees Old Joe, standing now. Stillness between them. OLD JOE'S FACE. Struggling to be stone, and then it is. He draws his gun in one fluid motion and FIRES. We don't hear the shot. We just hear the garden, the wind through the plants.    
187) 0) text: Old Joe walks across the park. Map in his hand. Children play in the distance. Children's voices all around. Old Joe spins, his breath up into his head. The map falls to the ground. The park around him, green a full of children. He keels over onto his knees and cries. Grabs the grass, holds it in his fingers, thick and green.
188) 0) text: The Wife stands at the edge of a bed. 35 and Full of life Old Joe on the bed. Mid 40s. She unsnaps her GREEN DRESS and it falls, leaving her nak in the sunlight. LATER
188) 1) text: On the bed. Old Joe and the Wife. Faces close. Drifting into sleep. From a neighboring apartment, a BABY CRIES. Loud and insistent. Old Joe opens his eyes, joking-annoyed at the crying baby “God you have to be kidding me.” Then he sees her face. Her smiling eyes, listening to the neighbor's baby cry. Like she's listening to music. She touches his hand.
189) 0) text: Old Joe. Staring at the grass. On the map beside him: three circled houses around the city. And the torn corner
193) 0) text: Old Joe's little hide-out. He violently washes his hands a trench of water. Slumps back, eyes blood red. Streaks of tears down his fa Reddish light fading to blue through the grating high abo Runs fingers across his forehead, spreading cooling water His eyes close. His breathing shallows. In one hand he holds his pocket watch. He places the othe on the gat. The map beneath it. Daniel's map location CROSSED OUT. Two others remaining. And the missing corner, edge torn. CLOSE ON Old Joe's face. Slipping to sleep. Then from nowhere a CHILD'S HAND enters frame and rests o his forehead. Old Joe's eyes gasp open with terror
197) 0) text: Old Joe. Running hard. Sirens, flashlights behind him. Being chased. Zig zags through an alleyway, a pursuing car smashing up behind him. Bursts out onto the street, nearly hit by another car. Shouts all around, a few shots. Surrounding. He runs.
201) 4) text: If you see anything, just push that, and, Joe pushes the button on his buzzer, and Sara's lights up vibrates. She regards the toy, then stares hard and cold Joe. JOE (CONT'D)
203) 0) text: A motel style building. Gat Men in cars pass occasionally with spotlights and radios, but the activity has calmed. Old Joe slips around a corner. Staying hid. Checks the address on the map. 12 Talbott Dr, #205. Makes a break for stairs leading to the 2nd level. But ju at that moment a car pulls into the building's lot. Old Joe ducks under the stairs. Holding his breath. The car parks. Door slams. Footsteps. A WOMAN. Slumping exhausted, up the stairs. And through the slatted steps Old Joe sees her face flash It is Suzie, the girl from Abe's brothel. Old Joe's face, pure disbelief. He recognizes her instantly. It can't be. He gingerly steps half a foot out. Looking up he can see apartment doors above. Suzie walks down the landing. Towards apartment 205. Jesus it can't be. Then she passes it. Keeps walking. Old Joe's eyes, relieved. She stops at the next door over, knocks. It opens, vaguel indistinct conversation between her and the girl that answers. SUZIE
218) 5) text: We're looking for his father too, similar look and build but late 50s. May or may not be travelling together. This one is a print-out from a security camera in the Bod of Old Joe holding a gun on the checkout clerk. Sara's eyes linger on Old Joe's photo, side by side with Joe's. Mind spinning. Maybe making the connection, we're not sure. SARA
224) 7) text: But now I see, she was so alone. And it was what she had. She sold me. To a panhandle gang. QUICKLY, SILENTLY WE SEE - FOUR YEAR OLD JOE dragged into darkness by rough men, screaming. Then we're back to the scene. JOE (CONT'D)
226) 3) text: I do. On the screen, Suzie comes home. Picks up her daughter fr next door. Goes into 205. Kid Blue keeps scanning. And an instant later, Old Joe climbs the stairs. Kid Blue slows playback.
226) 5) text: I'm an arranger, stranger. Huhuha. But you don't see what you wanna see, no refunds. Old Joe vanishes down the street in a swarm of pixels.
228) 0) text: Driving on a highway along the beach. A few drops of rain the windshield. Old Joe (late 40s) and his Wife in intens conversation, her hand on his.    
229) 0) text: The car screeches to a stop, and Old Joe runs to the sea. THROWS his gun in the ocean. Above the waters, the sun breaks the clouds. Rain falls. He runs back to her. Falls on her. Kissing her. He holds her face like the most precious thing in the world. OLD JOE
230) 0) text: Rain beats against stained glass. Old Joe kneeling in a p Fists clenched as if in prayer. He stands, stumbles out.
231) 0) text: Oddly quiet. Old Joe walks down the sidewalk towards the side entrance to the theater. Face uncovered. In plain sight. Not caring. Stops 30 feet shy of the entrance, at street garbage can. He draws his gun and leans over to drop it into the can. lets it dangle from his fingers above the trash can. His pocket watch, hanging open from its chain. The pictur of his Wife inside. Spinning. His gun slowly slipping fro his grasp.    
232) 0) text: Old Joe staggering to his feet from a fight. We've seen this before, it's the IDENTICAL SCENE to the previous flashback. But when he sees his Wife for the first time, whisps of F grow, blotting out the scene. Deep in the fog are other backgrounds - a street, a house - and unfamiliar faces. Other eventualities, clouding this one as it becomes less likely Old Joe will meet his wife and have this memory. Erasing it. OLD JOE'S EYES.
233) 0) text: Old Joe in bed with his wife. Baby crying outside. Her face. Then, whisps of FOG thickens, obscuring them. OLD JOE'S EYES.
234) 0) text: The thrown gun splashes in the sea, and Old Joe turns bac the beach. But where his Wife was in the previous memory, now there is the FOG. A wall of it, massive, reaching to the sky. Old Joe dwarf against it. Caught between the roiling waves and this wal nothingness falling towards him. OLD JOE'S EYES. The gun on his fingertips. About to fall. A moment of decision.
236) 0) text: A DOOR FRAME - kicked open with all the violence in the world. Old Joe sweeps into the small apartment, gun drawn Suzie cooking in a robe, opens her mouth to scream. OLD JOE
236) 1) text: Don't. Don't wake up your daughter. Old Joe trains the gun on her. She goes silent.
236) 4) text: No. I don't know you. Who are you? OLD JOE
239) 0) text: OLD JOE
239) 2) text: ...who are you? OLD JOE
241) 0) text: OLD JOE
241) 2) text: What are you gonna do? Old Joe stands, walks towards the back hall. Suzie scream SUZIE (CONT'D)
243) 0) text: Old Joe, gun ready, down the darkened hallway towards the door at the end with a rainbow on it. He puts his hand on the knob.    
245) 0) text: Old Joe pushes the door open. Blackness within.
247) 0) text: Old Joe readies his gun, staring into the blackness. But eyes lower. He touches his temple. Remembering.
250) 0) text: Old Joe's face. Remembering.
253) 0) text: Old Joe's eyes lift. Realizing. OLD JOE
253) 1) text: The Rainmaker. A bare bulb hanging from the ceiling turns on. A six year old girl's room. But the only person in it is Blue. He shoots Old Joe with a blue tazer. Old Joe hits the ground, mouth foaming, paralyzed. Knowin the answer now, knowing the who and the how but helpless defeated. Kid Blue kicks him in the face.     CID    
261) 0) text: The door buzzes open. Kid pushes Old Joe through the long entrance hallway, past a dozen Gat Men, who watch him wit shocked amazement. Old Joe's hands bound back. Kid Blue glows. He comes to t tiny coat check room, and Big Craig stops him, then sees Joe. BIG CRAIG
261) 4) text: Joe fuck Joe, save your bullets I got the Looper. Not such a fuck up huh? I'm taking him up to This happens very fast: Old Joe uses his legs to kick himself off the wall and ba into Kid Blue, SLAMMING him against the opposite wall. Old Joe grabs (behind his back) Kid Blue's gun, and blast one shot through the chains binding his wrists and into t Kid's midsection. He whips the gun from behind his back and shoots Big Crai the face. Then blasts the Gat Men in the entrance hallway while he reaches into the coat check and pulls an automat rifle. He blasts like hell into the hallway. A few shots return mostly the men are trapped. Then it's over. All is smoky still for a moment.    
262) 0) text: Old Joe weaves his way through the backstage area, chucki grenades in front of him, then unloading his automatic ri into the smoky aftermath. And with a mixture of dumb luck and skill from years of b gangland muscle takes out Gat Man after Gat Man. The corridors are tight, twisty. Old Joe uses that. Throwing grenades. Blasting away. Purging. Killing everyone he lays eyes on. Wiping them out. All the bad gu It's horrible. Men maimed, bleeding and crying, dying the people actually die from gunshots. Old Joe forges on, dee
263) 0) text: Empty. Old Joe kicks the door open. Takes it in, the office. Hammer on the desk. He reloads a gun. Eyes find the door to Abe's inner den.
264) 0) text: Abe and two Gat Men, guns out, crouched behind the table. Watching the door. A display screen shows Old Joe on the other side. Abe, eyes dull. Shouts at the door ABE
265) 0) text: Old Joe. Breathing hard. Reloaded. Closes the gun.
271) 0) text: Joe waits. Then, a CLOUD OF DUST on the distant highway. tenses. The cloud gets closer. It is a truck. An armored truck. Joe squints. It's the ARMORED TRUCK that Kid Blue loaded gold bricks into. The front windshield blown in. The truck stops fifty feet away, and Old Joe steps out. H throws a gold bar, which lands in the dusty highway betwe them. OLD JOE
271) 2) text: And you go kill the boy. That's how you fix it. OLD JOE
273) 0) text: They roll down the dirt road that leads to the highway. At the far end of it, at a distance but walking towards t is the dark figure of Old Joe. Gun in hand. Sara hesitates a minute, then guns it. Straight for him. CID STOP SARA
273) 6) text: I'm sorry In the rear view mirror, Sara sees Old Joe getting closer SARA
273) 9) text: We're going into the fields. I want you to run, I'll be right behind you, don't look back. Okay? Old Joe lowers his gun and runs towards them. SARA (CONT'D)
274) 0) text: Old Joe crosses the road and chases them onto the field, firing at them on the run. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Bullets thunk in the earth. Sara stumbles, exhausted. Cid turns, about thirty feet ahead of her.
275) 0) text: Old Joe stops running and steadies his gun. EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA A distant gunshot CRACK. A fan of crimson blood sprays fr Cid's head. His neck twists and he crumples to the ground SARA
276) 0) text: Old Joe reacts as the topsoil rises, an eerie moment.    
277) 0) text: Old Joe is hefted off the ground. His gun falls.
279) 0) text: Old Joe, suspended mid-air, realizes what's about to happ He lifts his hand defensively and SCREAMS EXT. FIELD - WITH CID &amp; SARA Cid's face straining, about to scream. Cid's focus adjusts from Old Joe to Sara. She floats, reaching out to him. Frightened. Yelling something he can hear but he can see her eyes. Cid's face breaks. He barely mouths the word CID MOM
279) 1) text: And everything FALLS. Sara, Old Joe, the earth. All comes crashing down.
280) 2) text: You did good, baby. You did so good. I love you. Behind them, Old Joe struggles to his feet. Sara kisses C SARA (CONT'D)
280) 5) text: You go! She pushes him away and Cid runs. Then she turns. Standin her ground. Directly between Old Joe and Cid. Old Joe TRIPS in the mud, fumbles his gun. Sees Cid approaching the safety of the CORN STALKS. Blocked by Sar OLD JOE
281) 0) text: Still too far away, struggling as fast as he can, helples Old Joe closes in on Sara. He fires his buss at Old Joe, is way out of range. EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Old Joe gets his gun, rises with it. Cid about to hit the stalks. Sara between them.
283) 1) text: No! EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Sara, not going anywhere. OLD JOE
284) 0) text: Joe running. Time slows. Watching: EXT. FIELD - OLD JOE &amp; SARA Everything is a little surreal. Dream-like. Slow. Old Joe shoots Sara. We hear no gunshot. Just the wind in the corn, and young Joe's breathing. She falls, giving him a clear shot at Ci
286) 0) text: Just as Old Joe gets him in his sights, Cid breaches the fields and is gone, vanishing in the stalks. Old Joe lowers his gun, stunned but still frantic. He stumbles towards the corn, still far off, his face breaki Trips, falls in the mud. Corn field vast in front of him. Cid is gone. He lost him. He holds his pocket watch. Sobs Lost.
293) 0) text: Joe watches. Sees, in his mind's eye, all of this. And through all of this we have only heard the wind. And breathing. Time hanging, slowed nearly to a stop. A moment of decisi Joe turns his blunderbuss back on himself and FIRES. EXT. FIELD - WITH OLD JOE &amp; SARA Revealing that all we saw was in Joe's head, and we are s in the moment where Old Joe is about to shoot Sara. But this time, just as he's pulling the trigger, a distan shot is heard. And Old Joe DISAPPEARS. Sara stands shell shocked just for a moment. Then she doesn't process any of it, she just turns and yells SARA