10) 0) text: A young looper named SETH on the side of the road, kneeli beside a motorcycle without wheels called a SLAT BIKE. He kicks it in frustration. A VAGRANT approaches and SETH pulls a gun, identical to Joe's.
10) 1) dialog: Walk around! Around, I'm not kidding. Wide around, ya shit. The vagrant crosses the street. Joe pulls up.
10) 3) dialog: Hi Joe.
10) 5) dialog: Thanks. Goddamn thing. You going to the Belle?
11) 0) text: Seth and Joe.
11) 2) dialog: Yeah but Gat Men pull up in them, they get respect.
11) 4) dialog: I was gonna pull up in it. Tonight. Heads or tails, call it in the air. The coin lifts, floats several inches in the air, quiveri
11) 12) dialog: Chicks dig TKs.
14) 0) text: A dingy stage door in back of the building. Joe and Seth ring a buzzer, smile for a camera, and the door opens.
15) 10) dialog: Hardly. I'm with Joe. Big Craig pats them down, waves them in.
16) 0) text: A claustrophobic maze of twisty halls and passages. DANGEROUS MEN and half naked SHOW GIRLS weave through. Joe expertly navigates the turns, going someplace. Seth struggles to keep up.
16) 1) dialog: So are we - hey - Joe has vanished. Seth stops meekly, butted by passing me
18) 0) text: Joe plods. Dale, the Looper from the pawn shop, passes fa Curious, Joe follows. They pass Seth, who tails after the
18) 1) dialog: Hey, Joe. We leaving? Cuz, what- Joe? And Seth loses them again, butted back by passing men.
28) 0) text: Joe drops Seth off at his building with its bright red garage.
28) 7) dialog: I got stupid money. Seth holds his hand under fuzzy dice hanging from Joe's mirror, and they spin.
28) 9) dialog: I think I did something. You know what? TKs are special. Fuck you.
28) 12) dialog: Overseas...
28) 14) dialog: Fuckin Kid Blue.
28) 16) dialog: I gots mine you gots yours. I wish I was smart like you. Saint Joe. Seth pats Joe's cheek, and waddles off towards his apartm
42) 0) text: A harsh POUNDING. Joe, flopped on the bed, stirs. Then wakes with a jump, shaky on his feet. Goes to the door. A screen shows nobody in the hall outsi Still punch-drunk, Joe listens. POUND POUND POUND. The window. Joe slides it open. Seth tumbles in off the fire escape.
42) 2) dialog: They're gonna be here any minute, are they here?
42) 4) dialog: Christ. Joe. Christ. Joe's eyes focus a bit, he tunes in to the situation. Tur the apartment lights off.
42) 5) dialog: (re: the lights) What are you doing? Right. Smart.
42) 7) dialog: Late to my own funeral. Mom always said...
42) 9) dialog: Christ, Joe. Late to my own goddamn funeral. Can you help me?
42) 16) dialog: You can protect me a little, right? Just so they don't... jeez. Oh jeez. This is like a nightmare. This is a nightmare.
42) 19) dialog: He was singing.
43) 0) text: FLASH: a hog-tied man with a sack over his head appears. Singing. Seth, with his gun raised, hesitates.
44) 1) dialog: Joe I can't even tell you. Looking in his eyes. I had to let him talk, then. I don't even remember the words, but I remember believing every one of them, or not even believing, but submitting. I've never felt that small before. I've never felt that happy. He told me. I remember, there's a new holy terror boss-man in the future, and he's closing all the loops. The Rainmaker, they call him. He told me.
44) 8) dialog: Then he wanted a cigarette and I untied him, and he gives me this look. And he just starts running.
45) 0) text: Seth standing with his gun in his limp arm, receding behi us as we run away.
46) 0) text: Seth breaks down crying.
46) 2) dialog: What do I do? You're the only friend I got Joe you gotta help me
46) 5) dialog: Joe? A little - where am I gonna -
46) 15) dialog: No! You gotta hide me! Joe, hide me, please Christ please Joe please hide me tell em something to buy time and I'll leave please- POUND POUND POUND.
56) 0) text: A hunched figure sprints through an abandoned lot towards train yard. It is a 55 YEAR OLD SETH. He limps up to a razor-wire fen bordering the train yard. Surveys the sharp wire, rips the lining from his jacket a wraps first his left hand then his right. But stops. On the palm of his right hand, a WEATHERED SCAR. Clearly carved in the shape of an arrow, pointing down to his wri Old Seth squints at it, confused. He pulls back his sleev revealing his clean bare forearm. Then his face changes. Because his arm is no longer bare. Suddenly, out of nowhe more intricate scarring has appeared down its length. The scars spell out clearly: “BE AT 75 WIRE STREET IN 1
57) 0) text: The train yard far in the distance. Old Seth RUNNING back into town. He looks down at his right hand, fingerless now but for h thumb. He speeds up, desperate. Cuts through an alley. And has n right hand, just a stump.
58) 0) text: The car hits a pole. Out climbs what's left of Old Seth, his face mangled, mis a foot, one arm gone to the elbow. Street sign - WIRE STREET. The numbers, 45. He runs. Howling, missing his tongue. Arm totally gone. Then falls as his leg goes to the knees. And he's crawlin an animal form, bellowing wordlessly. Makes it to an iron street-side door. 75. And with his on arm, slams it. Slumps against it, heaving. After a long moment it swings open.
113) 0) text: Joe finds himself in front of a familiar BRIGHT RED GARAG Seth's apartment. Three stories up, Seth's darkened windo He looks up at it, hesitant but desperate.
116) 0) text: The familiar red garage. And three stories up, Seth's lit window. Kid Blue pulls a small caliber gun from a holster conceal on his boot, enters the building.
118) 0) text: The peephole screen on the inside of Seth's apartment doo Kid Blue manipulating a device, a shower of sparks blows screen out momentarily, and the door swings open. Kid Blue storms in, his gun drawn, sweeping through the apartment with over-eager purpose. Empty. He deflates. Thinks. Goes to the peephole screen, touches it and a menu comes A little manipulating, and the image is rewinding. An empty hall, scanning back half an hour. Then: young Jo Kid Blue stops scanning, hits ‘PLAY'. Joe feels around door jam, retrieves a key, and enters the apartment. Kid Blue exhales. Well Joe was here. Taps the screen again, it goes back to a live feed, and h about to step away when his eye catches something. He pushes a square on the screen, and the view changes. T live feed from a camera in the ceiling of the apartment. Excited, Kid rewinds this half an hour. On the screen: Joe enters the apartment. Rifles around a little, then sits at the table. Head in his hands. Starin into space. Then goes to a kitchen drawer, opens it, gets something. Goes to the front door, takes something off the wall, bri exits. Kid Blue stops the screen. He goes and sits where Joe sat. Stares where Joe stared. The kitchen counter. A blender, sink. Can labeled “COFF Kid goes to the kitchen drawer Joe opened, pulls it open. It's full of knives. Kid goes finally to the door, looks at the wall. A small rack for keys, several hanging and one empty hook. Kid Blue stares into space, trying to put these pieces together. Lights a cigarette.
122) 0) text: Old Joe emerges from the corn fields bordering the sideca roadside diner. Fumbles in his jacket, dry-swallows four aspirin. Regains his footing. Walks around the diner cautiously. Parked in back behind a dumpster, SETH'S SLAT BIKE.
225) 0) text: Joe reaches down to help Cid out. Looking down at Cid in hole with a trap door. Like Seth. He grabs Cid's hand and lifts him out. Sara comes out, sees Cid and her face breaks with relief. Cid runs to her, and in the distance they embrace.    