17) 0) text: An ornate parlor, LACY WOMEN entertaining men. A velvet curtained doorway leads to back rooms. Joe lingers by the entrance, watching one girl in particu SUZIE. Bold dark eye makeup. A BIG MAN leads her off through the curtains. Joe's eyes drop. Pained. A fat MADAME doesn't look up from her ledger.
38) 0) text: Suzie weaves towards her dressing room. Joe catches her.
38) 1) dialog: Hey.
38) 3) dialog: Yeah.
38) 6) dialog: Sweetie. I gotta work. She leaves him watching her go. He turns - sees Kid Blue leaning in the shadows. He's see this whole exchange. The Kid smirks.
52) 0) text: Joe slumps in. Several girls, none of them Suzie.
53) 0) text: A large gat man pushes past Joe. At the end of the hall, Suzie leans in a doorway smoking cigarette. Not sexy, just tired. She sees Joe, and is abo to say no. But she sees Joe's eyes, and doesn't. Exhaling a plume of smoke, she withdraws into her doorway Joe follows. Through her smoke.
54) 0) text: Suzie naked at the mirror. She goes to Joe, lying on the bed, distant.
54) 3) dialog: Do I want to go overseas? With you? Now?
54) 5) dialog: Baby that's sweet. You're a sweet boy. You gotta be careful, it's easy to think you know someone once you been like this. What's in here is services rendered.
54) 7) dialog: What, in nature?
86) 0) text: Old Joe high as a kite, in an all out brawl. Punched to t ground. Laughing his ass off. A bar fight blossoms in slow motion all around. Old Joe looks up, sees the woman who will be his WIFE for first time. Long red hair (reminiscent of but NOT Suzie.) a green dress. She flees the fighting, towards the exit. “SORTIE.” Transfixed and high, Old Joe follows her. Puts his hand o her shoulder. She turns, looks him over. Flips him off. Leaves. Old Joe watches her go. In love.
203) 0) text: A motel style building. Gat Men in cars pass occasionally with spotlights and radios, but the activity has calmed. Old Joe slips around a corner. Staying hid. Checks the address on the map. 12 Talbott Dr, #205. Makes a break for stairs leading to the 2nd level. But ju at that moment a car pulls into the building's lot. Old Joe ducks under the stairs. Holding his breath. The car parks. Door slams. Footsteps. A WOMAN. Slumping exhausted, up the stairs. And through the slatted steps Old Joe sees her face flash It is Suzie, the girl from Abe's brothel. Old Joe's face, pure disbelief. He recognizes her instantly. It can't be. He gingerly steps half a foot out. Looking up he can see apartment doors above. Suzie walks down the landing. Towards apartment 205. Jesus it can't be. Then she passes it. Keeps walking. Old Joe's eyes, relieved. She stops at the next door over, knocks. It opens, vaguel indistinct conversation between her and the girl that answers. SUZIE
203) 2) text: Don't worry sugar. She was no problem. Gat men searched through here, lookin for god knows... Suzie disappears into the apartment. Re-emerges, holding sleeping 6 year old girl. She whispers goodbye to the neighbor and walks back to APARTMENT 205. She enters.    
226) 0) text: A tiny, dark concrete room. Kid Blue watches a screen, hi hand on a toggle wheel. A security cam view of Suzie's apartment building upper landing. Playback of last night. It scans quickly forward. The APARTMENT SUPER leans against the wall behind him, counting money. KID BLUE
226) 3) text: I do. On the screen, Suzie comes home. Picks up her daughter fr next door. Goes into 205. Kid Blue keeps scanning. And an instant later, Old Joe climbs the stairs. Kid Blue slows playback.
227) 0) text: Kid Blue emerges from a passage, into the parking lot. Lo up at Suzie's apartment door. Then down the street. A few drops of rain fall.
236) 0) text: A DOOR FRAME - kicked open with all the violence in the world. Old Joe sweeps into the small apartment, gun drawn Suzie cooking in a robe, opens her mouth to scream. OLD JOE
236) 5) text: I need to tell you why I'm doing this. I gotta say it out loud to someone so I know. SUZIE
239) 1) text: I threw my gun away once. To get her love. And I was going to do it again, now. Because I know she'd want me to. I was going to do it. And I saw then, I saw her vanishing, like how life probably goes when you die. That's what she was asking me to give up this time. SUZIE
241) 1) text: Everything set right. Everything fixed. Through this sacrifice. SUZIE
241) 2) text: What are you gonna do? Old Joe stands, walks towards the back hall. Suzie scream SUZIE (CONT'D)