41) 0) text: Ron enters, blind-sided by the mayhem inside. Boxes of dr and hospital supplies lie in various stages of unpacking. INTERPRETER shouts above the din to his wealthy ASIAN CLI Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 28 DR. VASS (50's), fit but tired, shouts in Spanish to a MA unloading boxes. He effortlessly switches to Japanese, continues to shout to another worker. Dr. Vass sees Ron, quickly moves over to him. DR. VASS
41) 2) text: I'm lookin' for Dr. Vass. Dr. Vass steps over. DR. VASS
41) 4) text: I'm lookin' for Vass, for some AZT. DR. VASS
41) 5) text: Looking to poison yourself? He grabs an empty bottle of pills on the counter.   Throw to Ron. DR. VASS
41) 6) text: That's from the chemical manufacturer who makes AZT, Sigma. Ron looks at the bottle labeled with skull and crossbones HIGHLY TOXIC, NOT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION. DR. VASS
41) 7) text: First thing I tell my patients: you won't find that shit here! Ron looks confused. A nearby stack of boxes tumbles over. Dr. Vass shouts to no one in particular. VASS
41) 8) text: Who stacked those boxes there? (to Ron) Check in with a nurse. Dr. Vass is off, ripping open boxes. Ron starts to cough again.   Badly.   Vass notices, and s something in Spanish. Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 29
42) 0) text: Frail and weak, Ron lies on a cot, surrounded by a dozen PATIENTS of varied nationalities. A NURSE records his vit signs in a chart, then hands it off to Dr. Vass, who peru the information and begins reading aloud:
42) 1) dialog: Cocaine, alcohol, methamphetamine, AZT. (to Ron) That's what I call a recipe for disaster.
42) 3) dialog: Who said I was a Doctor? They revoked my license to practice three years ago, that's why I'm down in this shit-hole.
42) 5) dialog: I didn't play ball.
42) 7) dialog: These drugs you're doing, they're breaking down your immune system, making you susceptible to infections.
42) 9) dialog: Cocaine made you more susceptible. As did AZT.
42) 11) dialog: The only people AZT helps are the people who sell it. (beat) It kills every cell it comes in contact with, good and bad.
42) 14) dialog: (nods as he writes)
44) 0) text: Medical journals everywhere; on the wall are rows of entomology, various butterflies encased in GLASS. A healt Ron sits across from Dr. Vass who reads his test results.
44) 2) dialog: Better.   Your T-Cell count's improving.
44) 4) dialog: You'll always test positive for HIV, and now, you have AIDS, due the toxic shit you've been pumping into your body, all the drugs, plus the AZT.
44) 6) dialog: You shot your immune system. Now you have chronic pneumonia, among other things. It can cause memory loss, mood swings, aching joints...
44) 8) dialog: This is DDC, it works as an anti viral similar to AZT but less toxic. And this is Peptide T, it's a protein -- totally non-toxic. Early studies have shown it can help with all of that. This is what I had you on since you got here.
44) 10) dialog: No, not approved. Ron takes the bottle of PEPTIDE T, turns it over in his h looks around.
45) 0) text: Ron stares into the trunk of his Lincoln Convertible. VARIOUS BOXES filled with illegal meds are packed to the It won't close. Ron slams it shut. Dr. Vass emerges from the building. He hands Ron a neatly folded black vest, black pants and a detachable clerical collar on top.
45) 1) dialog: If you get caught, don't tell them you got AIDS. They'll never let you back in. You've got thirty days to get your ass back down here and pay me the other half, after that I send MIGUEL. Ron nods to Miguel, hops in his car, starts it, nods to V and takes off. Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 32
117) 0) text: CLOSE ON a BUTTERFLY, emerald green wings with a blood re middle. Its wings flap with life as a hand holds it and a needle is inserted into its middle, extracting its fluids Dr. Vass conducts the experiment with Ron looking on. background, another makeshift lab.
117) 1) dialog: Secretions that the caterpillar uses to protect itself during the incubation period...
117) 2) text: Dr. Vass empties the contents of the syringe into a test-
117) 3) dialog: ...act as a non-toxic anti-viral for humans. The answer to a question.
117) 4) text: Dr. Vass sets the test-tube on a tray, crosses to a table lined with boxes, postmarks in different languages coveri their surfaces. He rummages on the table, finds a report. Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 78
117) 5) dialog: (handing it to Ron) The Lancet medical journal published a study conducted in France. Proves AZT alone is too toxic for most to tolerate, and had no lasting effect on HIV blood levels. Of course, Barrow Wilkem and the NIH did not include the study in their press release.
117) 9) dialog: These are early trial results for Fluconazole.
117) 11) dialog: You want to take some home?
117) 13) dialog: We need a thousand more like you.
132) 11) text: Ron crosses to the desk, produces a copy of the Lancet Me Journal Study he got from Dr. Vass, and hands it to her.