10) 0) text: Barrow Wilkem rep RICK FERRIS, slick, well-dressed, gold Rolex, 40s, stands before DR. NATHAN SEVARD, 50's, arroga DR. EVE SAKS, early 30s, sophisticated, and five other PHYSICIANS, 40s-60s, all members of the hospital board.
16) 0) text: Ron is seated in front of a screen that shows a microfich information on AIDS, HIV and AZT. LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading; the LIBRARIAN looks o as he endures a brief coughing spasm, then he goes back t work. We PUSH IN on the phrase"...Unprotected sex..." LATER - DAY: Ron continues reading, runs his finger along words. Stops at "INTRAVENOUS DRUG USE". As he closes his eyes and exhales--
41) 0) text: Ron enters, blind-sided by the mayhem inside. Boxes of dr and hospital supplies lie in various stages of unpacking. INTERPRETER shouts above the din to his wealthy ASIAN CLI Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 28 DR. VASS (50's), fit but tired, shouts in Spanish to a MA unloading boxes. He effortlessly switches to Japanese, continues to shout to another worker. Dr. Vass sees Ron, quickly moves over to him. DR. VASS
67) 3) text: Bring 'em in and if you call me Roanie again... (grabs his gun) ...I'ma use this gun to give you the sex change you been hopin' for. Rayon shakes his head, walking off, as IAN and MICHAEL, a conservative gay couple in their 50s appear in the doorwa They look at Ron's gun and hesitate to walk in. RON
67) 4) text: Ah shit, did I scare you? Sorry. Welcome to the Dallas Buyers Club. Ron puts the gun away.   Ian and Michael sit down.   Ian clearly very ill. MICHAEL
67) 7) text: (handing them a clipboard) You'll have to sign a waiver. We take no responsibility for the drugs we give you. You croak, you croak. That's your problem. Michael looks at Ian, who nods okay.   They sign the waiv MICHAEL
67) 8) text: We have AZT, it helped Ian a little at first, but now he can't walk or think straight. RON
67) 9) text: First of all, flush that shit down the toilet. Secondly, stay away from anything that'll cook your insides. Third, get healthy and if your brain's broke, I got something called Peptide T that'll fix it. Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 44 Michael looks at Ian, not sure what to think.     Ron han each a questionnaire.
71) 3) text: You fuckin' kiddin' me? Defiant, Rayon puts his hand on his hips. RON
95) 6) text: Ron looks around, spots the Wild Flower PAINTING. He walk over and yanks it off the wall, looks at Rayon defiantly, it under his arm and storms out the door.
96) 23) text: Yes, he was. Your turn. Why did you become... an electrician, right? RON
96) 24) text: Well my old man was an electrician. A good one too. But he was a better drinker. Which I learned from him as well. Ron raises his glass in a toast.   They share a smile. RON
101) 20) text: You'll be receiving your fine for non compliance and improper labelling soon. Barkley leaves followed by Tucker who looks sorry for Ron Rayon comes back to the room. He takes a last peek throug the window, and pulls boxes of Peptide T from underneath robe, with the smile of a kid on his face, handing Ron th phone. RAYON
107) 0) text: The house hasn't seen new carpet since the 60's. The conservative gay couple we met earlier, Ian and Michael, Ron around. Dallas Buyers Club / Green Revision / Dec 2, 2012 / P. 72
107) 2) dialog: Mr. Woodroof --
107) 4) dialog: We don't want money.
107) 6) dialog: The house is free.   We want to help.
107) 7) text: Ron looks from Ian and Michael and back again.
107) 9) text: Ian sticks his hand out, Ron shakes it.