9) 8) dialog: Azidothymidine, or AZT -- was originally developed as a treatment for cancer.
10) 0) text: Barrow Wilkem rep RICK FERRIS, slick, well-dressed, gold Rolex, 40s, stands before DR. NATHAN SEVARD, 50's, arroga DR. EVE SAKS, early 30s, sophisticated, and five other PHYSICIANS, 40s-60s, all members of the hospital board.
10) 1) dialog: With the onset of HIV, however, we at Barrow Wilkem began a trial in which we administered AZT to infected lab animals. Initial findings suggested increased CD4 counts, restored T-cell immunity and also evidence of inducing weight gain.
10) 3) dialog: Yes, but its effect on the virus is better than anything else that's been tested.
10) 6) dialog: We believe those problems were dosage based.
10) 8) dialog: Actually the FDA has given us permission to go straight to human trials which is what brings me here today. We're conducting a double-blind, placebo- controlled randomized trial throughout the United States. Dallas Mercy is one of the proposed sites.
10) 10) dialog: We're hoping to fast track it within a year? During which time the hospital and its administering physicians will be very well compensated for their efforts. Eve notices as Sevard trades looks with Board Member #1.
10) 11) dialog: Sadly, the AIDS crisis will only get worse before it gets better. And I know I speak for everyone at Barrow Wilkem when I say getting this drug to market is our number one priority. This is a unique opportunity. A chance to be on the forefront in finding a cure. Eve looks at Ferris and smiles.
21) 12) dialog: As I stand here tonight, clinical trials are underway with an eye toward fast- tracking AZT and making it available for the public as soon as possible.
22) 0) text: Rick Ferris from Barrow Wilkem stands at the podium befor packed room.
22) 1) dialog: In short, I'm happy to say that help may finally be on the way. That is Ron's POV as he listens to Ferris, looking around the crowd, who are almost exclusively gay MEN. Ron wander toward a table lined with LITERATURE. An EFFEMINATE MAN approaches him with a pamphlet. Ron stares at him blankly The man opens his arms to give him a hug.
22) 5) dialog: The FDA standard procedure to approve a new drug is eight to twelve years -
22) 8) dialog: We are looking to fast track --
22) 11) dialog: We're working closely with the FDA to make sure every effort is made--
22) 13) dialog: It's both our job and the FDA's to make sure the drug is safe -