12) 3) dialog: Too bad. You’ve already got it. They begin to search through his bags. There’s almost nothing of interest or value. BEARD empties Kane’s bag of scrolls and books. The few coins, some food and other ite are taken. The thieves are not happy.
12) 4) dialog: He’s got nothing. You a priest?
12) 6) dialog: Travelling where?
12) 8) dialog: Don’t worry pilgrim, we will. Kane keeps his head down. TATTOO stares at the scrolls.
12) 17) dialog: We haven't. BEARD SMASHES KANE ACROSS THE HEAD with his wooden cudgel
65) 2) dialog: Remember this one lads? He’s not a fighter, remember? BEARD swings down off his horse. SKINHEAD and TATTOO drop down too. They approach Kane, slowly, clearly looking forward to toying with him again. The other two Raiders more corrupted and savage looking than the three, remain horseback.
65) 4) dialog: We want to be on the winning side, see. Malachi will hold all this land soon enough.
65) 6) dialog: They say he’s the most powerful warlock that’s ever been. But I wouldn’t know about that.
65) 10) dialog: What? Then, swift as some great predatory beast KANE LEAPS FORWARD, swords flashing. He DECAPITATES TATTOO with one swift stroke and in a blur of motion drives his blade int the belly of SKINHEAD. BEARD just about manages to avoid Kane’s returning slicin stroke of his blade. Fast and brutal he attacks Kane. The other Raiders drop from their horses and press in on him too. Bathed in the silvery moonlight and amongst the hanging mist of the cemetery they fight, though there is never an doubt as to the outcome... Kane slices the leg tendons of Beard who drops to the ground, screaming then he turns on the remaining two raiders. ONE IS ALREADY RUNNING FOR HIS HORSE, he leaps on and Manages to escape but the other is too slow. Kane snatche up a sword from the ground and hurls it after the running man. It catches him awkwardly across the neck, severing h jugular. Victorious, Kane stands for a moment, listening to the whimpering cries of the dying and the thunder of horses hooves disappearing into the night. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 74 He turns his attention to BEARD who is trying to crawl aw on useless legs. He has crawled near the entrance to the underground tunnels. Kane grabs Beard and pulls him even NEARER to the tunnel entrance. Clawed hands reach out to grab him. Beard screams in fear.
65) 11) dialog: What are they! !?
65) 14) dialog: I don’t know her.
65) 17) dialog: Yes! Yes, I saw her.
65) 19) dialog: She’s going nowhere.
65) 21) dialog: She’s dead! She’s dead.
65) 23) dialog: No; I want to live! I wouldn’t lie. She’s dead. I saw her body dragged from the wagon. I was there.
65) 25) dialog: She is. Now, I told you what you want! Let me go! Kane releases Beard from his grips. Instantly he is grabb by the ghouls and dragged back into the catacombs. Kane simply walks away as Beard’s agonized screams echo across the cemetery as he is eaten alive. Kane seems oblivious to this as he slowly collapses to th ground against a headstone with an elaborately carved ANG OF DEATH perched upon it.