18) 0) text: The COVERED CART is driven by EDWARD, William’s eldest so and a serious young man in his mid 20’s. Though all the family are dressed as Puritans, only Edward wears the dog collar and garb of a PRIEST. Beside him on the bench is William’s wife, KATHERINE; a bright and homely woman in her 50’s. SAMUEL is walking besides the cart, swatting the long grass with a stick. EDWARD guides the cart to some open ground beside a cryst clear river. It is an idyllic spot in a picturesque valley.
19) 0) text: MEREDITH and KATHERINE are gathering together cooking utensils and food stuff for the evening meal. WILLIAM and EDWARD are preparing a covered area for sleeping by the wagon. Young SAMUEL is exploring nearby.
19) 2) dialog: Samuel; water the horses. (Samuel ignores him) Samuel!
21) 0) text: KANE sits with the rest of the FAMILY around the camp fir their heads are bowed in prayer as EDWARD reads from a prayer book.
21) 1) dialog: Holy Lord, I have sinned times without number, and been guilty of pride and unbelief... Kane lifts his head at these pointedly accurate words and looks at the family caught in the flickering firelight. H catches Meredith looking too but, embarrassed, she quickl closes her eyes again.
21) 2) dialog: ...of failure to find Thy mind in Thy Word, of neglect to seek Thee in my daily life....
22) 9) dialog: The Holy Land?
22) 12) dialog: You think a life devoted to violence and bloodshed is so admirable?
22) 16) dialog: Then how did you allow those robbers to beat you so badly?
24) 0) text: The FAMILY make their way along a dirt track, the wagon bouncing around as it hits ruts and potholes. KANE - his bruised face far less noticeable now - walks a the head with the horses. EDWARD, as usual, is driving th cart. MEREDITH sits at his side sewing some material.
24) 5) dialog: Hold off on that wanton destruction Samuel. Samuel gives Edward a pointed stare and carries on.
25) 3) dialog: Our clothes are not for fashion or vanity Captain Kane; through them we show our dedication to God. With a courteous nod, Kane acknowledges his understanding of this fact. Though he does share a quick smile with Meredith - who can barely hold back a giggle - as they wa on. 29 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 33
26) 9) dialog: Leave Captain Kane alone. Samuel pokes Kane with his stick.
26) 15) dialog: Stop, you’1l scare the horses. Joining into the spirit of it all Kane swipes up a stick from the side of the road. Jokingly he parries Samuel’s thrust.
27) 0) text: KANE, WILLIAM and EDWARD are looking at DOZENS OF CORPSES scattered around the village. CROWS line the trees nearby waiting to move in. The air of death and menace hangs heavy. A little way back MEREDITH, KATHERINE and SAMUEL wait uneasily.
27) 1) dialog: Who could have done this? Kane studies the bodies. Men, women and children are twisted in agonized forms. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 38 Some seem to have been burned, skin peeled away. ALL THEI EYES ARE BURNED FROM THEIR SKULLS, leaving hollow, empty sockets.
27) 3) dialog: Holy Father... Katherine, Meredith and Samuel press near
27) 9) dialog: We can’t just leave these people for carrion.
28) 0) text: KANE, sweating and filthy, is finishing digging a shallow grave as EDWARD and WILLIAM lower a body into another nearby. There are a handful of others graves dotted about each with a wooden cross marking it. KATHERINE is making the wooden crosses nearby. SAMUEL watches uneasily from the wagon in the distance whilst everyone else is involved in the unsavory task. Kane eyes the setting sun nervously. MEREDITH approaches over the rough ground and offers him a cup of water. He drinks thirstily.
30) 4) dialog: (quietly) We should pray. The family bow their heads. Kane doesn’t. He watches the girl.
30) 10) dialog: Of course not - here. He hands Kane the silver CROSS from around his own neck Kane takes it and slowly approaches the girl. He kneels before her.
31) 6) dialog: We must turn back.
31) 14) dialog: How can you be sure? We should turn back Father. Perhaps wait a time.
33) 1) dialog: Are you sure this is the safest way? 37 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 42
37) 0) text: SAMUEL running as fast as he can back to the CAMP. He stops dead when he sees... ... THERE ARE RAIDERS ALREADY THERE. Six brutal looking m dragging WILLIAM, KATHERINE, EDWARD and MEREDITH from the tents.
38) 0) text: WILLIAM and EDWARD are already bloody and beaten. MEREDIT fights like a wild cat but she is punched and thrown to t ground. Even in the face of the chaos and violence William is trying to keep everyone calm. Offering comfort and suppor to his frightened family as he’s being beaten down into t mud.
42) 2) dialog: Take your hands off her! He hits the attacker with all his strength but it makes n difference. Another raider beats Edward to the ground.
44) 0) text: In thunderous silence KANE stalks through the devastated camp. The BODIES OF THE RAIDERS are all around. He picks through their corpses and clothing, seeking information. tears the INSIGNIA from the uniform of a dying Raider. As the creature draws its last breath it seems to CHANGE BAC INTO NOTHING MORE THAN A ROUGH LOOKING MAN. All the besti elements melt away with the rain. Kane considers this for a moment and then moves on. He steps past the bodies of EDWARD and SAMUEL as walks towar WILLIAM and KATHERINE. KATHERINE is cradling the dying WILLIAM in her arms. He h been mortally stabbed, his breath coming in short, bloody bursts. He looks to Kane.