60) 0) text: Kane and the Priest - FATHER MICHAEL, a gaunt, wild haire man, clearly hovering on the brink of sanity and still cl in a torn tunic with stained dog-collar - are eating simp fare around a fire that burns in the corner of the church
60) 1) dialog: Have you come far?
60) 3) dialog: The borderlands of Somerset and Devonshire.
60) 5) dialog: What?
60) 7) dialog: A sad homecoming for you.
60) 9) dialog: Every foul thing that the light of Christ kept at bay is returning. We have burned so many witches and their familiars but still they keep coming. One of them cursed my flock with her evil, turning them into terrible ghoulish creatures.
60) 11) dialog: Did you hurt them?
60) 13) dialog: They are innocent of their crimes. I have watched men become monsters before my eyes. They slaughter each other; fathers killing their children, brother murdering brother. Such a hunger is in them. This is truly the end of days.
60) 15) dialog: I believe that God is testing my faith.
60) 17) dialog: Mind your blasphemy! It’s as God wants it. He wants to feel our love for him even through our agony. Kane gets to his feet and paces angrily.
60) 20) dialog: No son, there is nothing evil out there. Kane prepares himself for a fight
60) 21) dialog: The evil is here already. Kane turns to him, confused by this.
60) 23) dialog: See... For a moment Kane stares into the BLACKNESS BELOW and see nothing and SUDDENLY a DOZEN PALE FACES appear, luminous evil eyes, snarling and grasping for him but they can’t g out of the cellar.
60) 25) dialog: What was I to do? They were men and women once; People I knew.
60) 27) dialog: I cannot destroy them; I am their shepherd. This is my test of faith; to love even the foulest creatures. The CREATURES in the cellar are silent but watch Kane wit terrible menace and hunger. They have sharp, bloody teeth their hair is thinning and falling out in clumps, their skin white and waxen.
60) 29) dialog: No! They are my flock and I have a duty of care towards them. I... keep them. I... care for them. I... feed them. Kane is horrified.
60) 31) dialog: Flesh. Kane, taken by surprise, stumbles and teeters on the edge of the open hatchway... and it seems that he might just keep his footing until... ...with a bloodcurdling cry, one of the ghouls leaps up a grabs his leg, yanking him backwards. Kane TUMBLES BACK DOWN INTO THE PIT. The Priest dashes forward and slams the cellar door close on the snarling, screeching pack of ghouls.
60) 32) dialog: May God have mercy on your soul.
95) 17) dialog: You will never break these chains; they are forged from dark magic as much as metal.
95) 19) dialog: You cannot free me. Do not try. Kane’s father coughs. His weak body wracked with spasms o pain. Kane cradles his father in his arms.
95) 21) dialog: Die? He did not die Solomon. He survived.
95) 23) dialog: He has a life still; if you can call it life.
95) 25) dialog: He was so badly injured by the fall but he did not die. Alive in a way; his body did not die but his mind, his soul, were lost and no surgeons or priests could help. And so... so... I brought the sorcerer here.
95) 27) dialog: I sought him out and he came with promises of power and healing. I offered him everything I had, just to bring Marcus back to me. I couldn’t lose both my sons. The old man takes a pause now. He hardly has the strength to continue. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 104 Kane can hear the noise outside growing. Fleeing prisoner and the shouts of guards. He knows time is running out.
95) 28) dialog: And he did Solomon; Using his mirrors and magic, Malachi reached into the darkness and brought Marcus back. But he was changed; he had such darkness, such violence and power. He spoke using others possessing them, forcing them to his way. His face was so damaged by the fall; he hid himself behind his mask and served only the will of the sorcerer. For all these years we lived in fear of him and Malachi.
95) 30) dialog: Aye; That creature is Marcus or once was. I don’t believe there is anything of my son there now. It is a demon wearing the flesh of your brother, nothing more. Malachi used my son to open a way for his creatures to come through. Another coughing spasm takes the old man. When he recover he can hardly speak.
95) 31) dialog: Now you must do one thing for me...
95) 33) dialog: End my life.
95) 35) dialog: I invited the sorcerer in. While I’m alive that freedom holds. That is why I am kept thus. He will never let me die. Kill me and you may hope to drive him from this land. 100 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 105
95) 37) dialog: Do it! We both have our sins to answer for. I am ready to answer for mine now. Kane draws his pistol. He is in a world of confusion and pain. The old man grabs Kane’s shaking hand and holds the pistol to his own temple.
95) 38) dialog: Free Marcus from his slavery. They hold each other’s gaze for a moment and then Kane PULLS THE TRIGGER.