67) 0) text: There are dozens of stall holders trying to scrape a ragg living in the SMALL MARKET SQUARE. It is filthy, wet and raining but still bustling with bedraggled customers. Amongst them are RAIDERS grouped together drinking and shouting. It seems this town has already fallen into thei thrall. The insignia of the sorcerer, Malachi, the same that all these Raiders and their followers wear, flies on pendant over the town. A few of the LOCALS move hurriedly aside as a DARKLY DRESSED RIDER leads THREE HORSES through the town gates a into the market square. He ignores the sideways glances a nervous chatter of those he passes. Doesn’t care that a few Raiders watch him. KANE leads the horses through the market to a STABLE nearby. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 76
87) 0) text: TwO of MALACHI’S RAIDERS, bundled up against the cold, stand guard by a low wall. They wave the approaching Raiders and their wagon full of captives through.
97) 2) dialog: Welcome home Solomon. Do you like what I have done with the place?
97) 11) dialog: All power is paid for with the blood of innocents. You know that better than any. The figure of MALACHI, the SORCERER, appears at the end o the hall. Swathed in dark cloth and drawing the shadows with him as he moves.
97) 12) dialog: See who is here for you Kane. Malachi pulls back a huge cloth that covers a VAST BLACK MIRROR. Four times the height of a man, it too is etched the spells and symbols of the others. But it is what is waiting inside that takes Kane’s breath... A DEMON is there. Huge but trapped behind the magical surface of the mirror; it is like a trapped beast, pushin at the surface that bulges and ripples, barely holding ba its enormous power.
97) 13) dialog: This demon will not fail to take your soul back to Hell. And just a little more blood Kane, and it will be free. Kane is frightened now. Desperate. He turns back to Marcu urgently. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 119
97) 15) dialog: Remember Solomon, your brother is the heir. And I am his master. His brother closes on Kane again but now Kane draws his second sword and fights back with everything he has.
97) 18) dialog: The mirrors! No!
97) 25) dialog: Kill him slave! I command you. I order the demon within you; destroy him. Almost involuntarily Marcus begins to surge towards Kane again. As the ferocious sword blow sweeps down, Kane grabs a tal flaming torch and drives it into Marcus’s chest. With all his own weight behind it Marcus stops dead. The flaming brand burst on his clothing, igniting him in seconds. Soon MARCUS IS ENGULFED IN FIRE. BUT IT DOES NOT STOP HIM. The REAPER is pushing ever harder against his mirror pris walls. With every violent blow on the glass it bulges out more every time.
97) 28) dialog: (to Meredith) Just a little more blood.
97) 38) dialog: No! INSTANTLY ALL THE GUARDS AND RAIDERS BEGIN TO FALTER and collapse as the demonic power that drives them fades. Kane charges forward to confront Malachi now. Behind him the Reaper in the mirror is beginning to enter this world Malachi pulls Meredith to him, knife to her throat. Kane stops dead.
97) 39) dialog: This is how the boy died. I saw that through your brother’s eyes. You begged for his life but did nothing.
97) 41) dialog: You have no choice. Your soul is forfeit. I called Him here to claim you.
97) 43) dialog: I think, just one more drop of blood will do it.