15) 3) dialog: (mocking) Little brother. I heard you had run away. Fleeing the life of a holy man.
15) 6) dialog: Quiet! I gave you no permission to speak. (to Kane) This is not your concern, Solomon. Be on your way. Kane advances on Marcus and pulls Sarah from his grasp.
15) 8) dialog: You shouldn’t get between a master and his pleasure.
15) 10) dialog: (about Kane’s knife) What were you going to do with that little toothpick?
15) 12) dialog: I don’t think you’re the one to teach me anything little brother Marcus, suddenly, grabs Kane’s arm, twists it hard and snatches the knife from him. 19 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 22 He presses it to his Kane’s throat, drawing a little bloo Whispering savagely in his brother’s ear.
15) 13) dialog: I am the first-born; I am the heir and that means I am your master too. You will never be anything more than a coward, fleeing your duty. Take your bags and leave this land. Marcus pushes Kane away. In fury, Kane turns and shoves h brother back towards the cliff edge. Caught by surprise Marcus stumbles back and trips ona rock... ...With a cry he TOPPLES BACKWARDS, OVER THE EDGE OF THE CLIFF. Kane desperately reaches for Marcus’s flailing hand but cannot save him.
15) 14) dialog: Brother!!! Save me! He falls... Kane scrambles to the edge only to see, fifty feet below, the SHATTERED BODY OF HIS BROTHER, still twitching, on th rocks below. His head has been crushed in, his jaw partly torn away. All Kane can see through the mask of blood on his brother destroyed face are his eyes, staring, furiously back at him.
96) 14) dialog: You are my enemy. Kane spins to confront them but they do not move. He turn back to Marcus and advances still. Though he seems almost nervous. His hand on the hilt of his sword shakes so slightly. The beads of sweat on his brow catch the torchlight from the walls and each step taking him ever nearer to his true fate.
97) 35) dialog: Kill me Solomon; End my torture. I beg you. Kane draws his strength together and finally sees somethi akin to recognition in his brother’s eyes.