14) 1) dialog: Be calm...be calm Sir. You are safe. (calling off) Father! Kane tries to speak but he’s delirious and confused. His face is bloodied and swollen; his body bruised and stiff.
14) 2) dialog: Here...Take a little water. But Kane fades back into unconsciousness again. FADE TO BLACK.
14) 3) dialog: You are safe here.
17) 0) text: The young woman, MEREDITH, is holding Kane’s head as she puts a flask to his lips. He drinks. Finally finds his voice.
17) 2) dialog: (to her father) He is still fevered Father.
17) 9) dialog: We’re bound for the New World. Kane studies the man for a moment
19) 0) text: MEREDITH and KATHERINE are gathering together cooking utensils and food stuff for the evening meal. WILLIAM and EDWARD are preparing a covered area for sleeping by the wagon. Young SAMUEL is exploring nearby.
20) 4) dialog: Remember your manners with our guest Samuel. Kane pulls his torn and blood-stained shirt off to reveal his bruised body - along with the tattoos and scars. Meredith is shocked by what she sees. Kane notices. Samue too is astounded by the marks and patterns on Kane’s body
20) 5) dialog: How...What are they?
20) 8) dialog: What do they mean?
20) 10) dialog: How were you hurt? Kane points to a deep scar on his shoulder.
20) 12) dialog: Africa? You were at sea?
22) 11) dialog: What a life you have led. It must have been so exciting.
22) 13) dialog: Don’t be foolish Edward.
22) 17) dialog: Edward that is rude. 26 KANE appears from out of the shadows fumbles ineffectually for a cudgel. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 29
24) 0) text: The FAMILY make their way along a dirt track, the wagon bouncing around as it hits ruts and potholes. KANE - his bruised face far less noticeable now - walks a the head with the horses. EDWARD, as usual, is driving th cart. MEREDITH sits at his side sewing some material.
24) 1) dialog: Captain Kane. Kane drops back to see her. She hands TROUSERS.
24) 3) dialog: I made some clothes for you as your others were so torn. him down a dark PURITAN TUNIC, SHIRT and Kane is touched by this.
24) 6) dialog: Do as Edward says Samuel.
24) 8) dialog: Samuel!
25) 0) text: SAMUEL walks beside KANE now, matching his easy stride. WILLIAM and KATHERINE are up ahead, walking hand in hand. Kane finishes pulling on the clothes Meredith made. He is dressed in their own Puritan fashion now and models it fo Meredith who is picking herbs and flowers nearby.
25) 2) dialog: Finally you are respectable. He bows to her. She giggles. Edward is less than impresse
26) 12) dialog: Samuel, stop it!
26) 14) dialog: (playing along) Oh Solomon! Save me! Help!
27) 0) text: KANE, WILLIAM and EDWARD are looking at DOZENS OF CORPSES scattered around the village. CROWS line the trees nearby waiting to move in. The air of death and menace hangs heavy. A little way back MEREDITH, KATHERINE and SAMUEL wait uneasily.
28) 0) text: KANE, sweating and filthy, is finishing digging a shallow grave as EDWARD and WILLIAM lower a body into another nearby. There are a handful of others graves dotted about each with a wooden cross marking it. KATHERINE is making the wooden crosses nearby. SAMUEL watches uneasily from the wagon in the distance whilst everyone else is involved in the unsavory task. Kane eyes the setting sun nervously. MEREDITH approaches over the rough ground and offers him a cup of water. He drinks thirstily.
28) 2) dialog: Your...your wounds are healing well.
28) 4) dialog: There is no need to thank me. Now both stand amongst the graves, unsure what to say nex
29) 0) text: MEREDITH is AT THE EDGE OF THE VILLAGE SQUARE now, gathering up pieces of wood for the crosses. As she reaches for some, she notices TWO BODIES nearby. The BODY OF A WOMAN TWITCHES with some slight movement. Meredith makes to shout out to her brother and father who are carrying another corpse to the graves some yards away but then the body moves again. She approaches the corpse. Inch by inch reaching out a ha to turn the corpse over... 33 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 37 ...a@ YOUNG GIRL, no more than 8 years old, is clinging t the body of her mother. This blood stained and ragged child stares up at Meredith with terrified eyes and unleashes a TERRIFIED SCREAM that echoes across the whole village....
30) 0) text: The CHILD sits between MEREDITH and KATHERINE, wrapped in blanket and drinking some warm broth. The rest of the family are sitting around the FIRE. KANE is a little way off, nervously watching the gathering darkness.
30) 8) dialog: Of course you are, you poor thing. Let’s find a place for you to sleep. As Meredith helps the girl to her feet, Kane stalks over.
30) 13) dialog: It will help.
30) 17) dialog: Solomon, stop it. Can’t you see she’s frightened? Suddenly Kane lunges for her violently. He grabs her...
30) 18) dialog: Solomon, no! ...and press the crucifix into the child’s flesh. Instantly the CHILD SCREAMS as the METAL BURNS HER SKIN. She starts to howl and snarl in Kane’s arms.
31) 5) dialog: What will we do?
31) 9) dialog: Please Father...
31) 15) dialog: Edward’s right. It’s too dangerous.
37) 0) text: SAMUEL running as fast as he can back to the CAMP. He stops dead when he sees... ... THERE ARE RAIDERS ALREADY THERE. Six brutal looking m dragging WILLIAM, KATHERINE, EDWARD and MEREDITH from the tents.
42) 0) text: The RAIDERS are destroying the camp. Setting fire to possessions, taking the horses for their own. Watching it all is the OVERLORD. He takes no part in thes activities but sits motionless on a MASSIVE BLACK HORSE. The Overlord is a HUGE FIGURE, ENCASED IN LEATHER ARMOUR, his face entirely covered by a grotesque MASK, huge sword hanging at his waist. It’s almost as if he is directing h men silently simply by sheer force of will. MEREDITH is struggling against her CAPTORS. She hits him but he throws her to the ground. Crouching over her, he tears at her clothes, his intentions clear. WILLIAM and KATHERINE watch in horror. SAMUEL scrambles t them.
42) 18) dialog: Solomon! Stop him! William moans in agonized distress.
42) 21) dialog: Solomon! Do something! Help us! Almost in a trance Kane takes a step towards Eye-Patch. Kane is transforming before our eyes. The steel is returning. The RAGE... The POWER...
50) 0) text: The RAIDERS and their WAGON TRAIN have come to a halt outside a small village on the edge of a dark forest It is just one of several wagons joining together to form longer train. A rough platoon of Raiders walks or rides alongside. It may be an army of sorts but it is crude and undisciplined. We see now that there are DIFFERENT CASTES OF RAIDERS; so are little more than rough looking men whilst others, clearly of higher rank, are far more corrupted and change Seemingly the longer they have been fighting, the more strongly the possession takes hold. MEREDITH is lying on her side at the bottom of a CAGE mounted on the back of a wagon. She is freezing cold, shivering and filthy. There is a DEAD BODY right beside her in the overpacked wagon. She is praying quietly, intensely.
50) 1) dialog: Heavenly Father, I beseech you to save us from this evil. (to a companion) Pray with me. Pray for us all.
50) 3) dialog: Don’t give up. We will find the strength to survive this. In the name of the Father, Son and the Holy Ghost... One of the RAIDERS walking near Meredith’s wagon, slams t flat of his sword against the cage.
59) 0) text: Under the light of the full moon, MEREDITH runs headlong through the night. She stumbles and falls, tripping down a precipitous slope and splashing into A NARROW RIVER... She forces her way across to the other side. But now exhaustion is catching her and as she struggles up the other side she slides back down the mud bank and into the waters. Her freezing fingers claw their way up the muddy banks again but she can hardly make any progress, she’s so tire and cold... But A HAND REACHES FROM THE DARKNESS AND GRABS HERS. A TEENAGE BOY, THOMAS WOOLMAN, is helping her over the to To Meredith, in her dazed and exhausted state, he looks just like SAMUEL.
59) 1) dialog: Samuel? Am I dead?
59) 3) dialog: Do you know a place I can shelter?
63) 0) text: The small side door to a BARN is pushed quietly open as t young shepherd boy THOMAS WOOLMAN enters, quickly followe by MEREDITH. She is shaking with cold and exhaustion.
63) 2) dialog: Thank you. God bless you. Meredith finds a bale of hay and settles into it. Thomas lights an oil lamp and comes near to her. He takes his heavy wool coat and puts it around her shoulders.
63) 4) dialog: Anywhere. Nowhere. I escaped from men who’d captured me. Servants of some terrible evil. (MORE )
63) 5) text: 68 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 72 MEREDITH(cont'd) They killed...They killed...oh Lord...my family. For the first time the true impact of Meredith’s loss see to overwhelm her. She breaks down into tears.
63) 7) dialog: I am so sorry.
69) 0) text: MEREDITH, hidden under a bed of straw, opens her eyes to the SOUND OF THE BARN DOOR OPENING and VOICES. She is completely hidden amongst the straw.
69) 7) dialog: You betrayed me!
69) 11) dialog: And sacrifice me?!
72) 0) text: MEREDITH now bloodied and beaten, is once again a prisone in a cage. Others are crammed in as before but now she is tied to the bars by heavy ropes and unable to move. She slumps against her bonds, hardly registering the troughs and pot-holes the wagon hits.
74) 0) text: The OVERLORD leads his men away. As they pass the gated entrance a GROUP OF SLAVE CAGE WAGONS that have been waiting outside the town are whipped into action. MEREDITH IS IN ONE OF THE CAGES.
76) 0) text: MEREDITH looks up from her stupor as they pass the entran to the town. The billowing smoke from the burning buildings smothers their way in a thick pall and as they pass through the broken walls of the market town are revealed. And in the town square are FIVE CRUCIFIED MEN. She cannot help but look at the horrific image and sees.. ...KANE ON THE CROSS. She hears his screams.
76) 1) dialog: Solomon! Solomon! She screams now and tears at the bonds. Rocking the whole cage. A Raider smacks the cage with his cudgel. The prisoners shrink back in fear.
76) 4) dialog: Kane! ! SOLOMON KANE!!! Please! Kane!!!
77) 0) text: KANE is still staring down at the vision before. Then he hears Meredith’s cries, faintly at first as if they are simply another part of his dying moments but then cutting through more clearly.
77) 1) dialog: Solomon! Solomon Kane! Please...God save him.... Beyond his vision of hell he can see MEREDITH’S WAGON outside the town gates.
77) 3) dialog: Solomon!
78) 0) text: MEREDITH is screaming and fighting as the wagon train mov away from the village. Slowly she is losing sight of Kane but doing everything she can to retain sight until the la possible moment, even as the Raiders are screaming at her for silence.
79) 0) text: KANE watches as Meredith’s wagon thunders out of sight.
80) 0) text: MEREDITH still trying to see Kane and the village, finall loses sight of them. She slumps against her own bonds.
94) 0) text: MOANS and CRIES of pain and anguish emanate from the tiny cells. Water runs down the walls mingling with effluent a other wastes. It is foul. Kane peers through each tiny doorway portal looking for Meredith.
97) 6) dialog: I prayed you would come for me.
97) 8) dialog: Solomon! The blade is yanked out again roughly. Kane can hardly ge his breath through the pain as he turns and sees his BROTHER. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 199 ANOTHER DEADLY BLOW SWEEPS IN. Instinctively he raises hi own weapon and blocks the strike but it sends him reeling backwards. Meredith desperately unties her other bonds. MARCUS advances mercilessly as Kane limps away.
97) 16) dialog: MEREDITH HAS FREED HERSELF and scrambles away, watching i horror as events unfold.
97) 19) dialog: She stumbles to the doors of the hall. She pulls it open only to reveal the horde of GUARDS pressing in. The leade of the Guards hold the SEVERED HEADS of TELFORD, McNESS a the others before them. Meredith screams and retreats.
97) 26) dialog: She is backing away from the guards as they close in on her... right into MALACHI. He sweeps her into his cloaked arms...muffling her screams. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 112
97) 27) dialog: Solomon!
97) 31) dialog: Malachi is dragging Meredith towards the Reaper’s giant mirror. She’s struggling and fighting him hard.
97) 33) dialog: Malachi finally overpowers Meredith. He takes her arm and slashes the flesh with his knife. Her blood splashes onto the Reaper’s mirror. Immediately begins to MELT THROUGH THE GLASS, creating an opening. Th BEAST BEGINS TO SLOWLY TEAR OPEN the rent in the glass.
97) 45) dialog: Kill him Solomon.
97) 49) dialog: Dear God, what will we do, Solomon?! Please! We must run!
97) 51) dialog: How did you know?
98) 1) dialog: Solomon! He turns to her and waits silently as she approaches.
98) 2) dialog: Solomon, where are you going? I don’t understand why you’re leaving.
98) 4) dialog: But you won; you defeated them. (still nothing from him) This is your home.
98) 6) dialog: It can be again. We can make it a home together. Kane looks down the cliff to the sea and the jagged rocks below.
98) 8) dialog: Your journey is over Solomon.
98) 11) dialog: Please don’t go. Gently he pulls away.