5) 2) dialog: Nearly a year.
5) 4) dialog: We do not serve him. He sought sanctuary here and that is what we offer. Are you, a novice, to judge him? They stop outside a door.
5) 6) dialog: We all do. You might scream too if you’d seen what he has.
5) 8) dialog: What do they say Thomas? Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett an A nervous pause. The young monk is not sure he should eve say this out loud.
5) 10) dialog: A lesser man would be out of his mind by now but Kane... he is unlike any other. The older monk knocks on Kane’s door. INT. KANE’S MONASTIC CELL - CONT 8 The KNOCK on Kane’s door is followed by a gentle creaking as it opens slowly. The two monks respectfully enter the gloomy room as Kane remains silent but watchful in his co
5) 11) dialog: Solomon? A voice comes from a dark corner.
5) 13) dialog: As the Lord intended; cold of bone and stiff of joint. We have a little breakfast for you.
5) 15) dialog: He joined us only a few days ago. Kane levers himself to the edge of his bed and into the flickering amber light of a candle. The Kane of now is a man of small gestures and quiet, almost diffident talk - the brash, aggressive buccaneer of before has long since vanished. He has aged. His hair is longer, a stubbly bear is flecked with grey hair. His eyes are haunted. The YOUNG NOVICE draws breath sharply as he notices Kane’ NAKED TORSO. Kane’s' body has been marked with elaborate cuts and tattoos. Some fresh, others old and scarred over his skin is a text of its own. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 42 The walls of the room itself are covered in similar WRITI and SYMBOLS. Runes, hexes, spells and text have been carved or painted onto the walls. There are dozens of books and scrolls around the room. Religious and spiritua texts lie alongside books on witchcraft and sorcery.
5) 17) dialog: Still your tongue! (to Kane) Forgive him Solomon, he is young.
7) 0) text: Watching from a high window, the ABBOT and the OLDER MONK see Kane set out.
7) 1) dialog: Are you doing right by sending him back into the world?
7) 3) dialog: Can Kane bring anything but destruction and pain?