18) 0) text: The COVERED CART is driven by EDWARD, William’s eldest so and a serious young man in his mid 20’s. Though all the family are dressed as Puritans, only Edward wears the dog collar and garb of a PRIEST. Beside him on the bench is William’s wife, KATHERINE; a bright and homely woman in her 50’s. SAMUEL is walking besides the cart, swatting the long grass with a stick. EDWARD guides the cart to some open ground beside a cryst clear river. It is an idyllic spot in a picturesque valley.
31) 4) dialog: A witch? I wish it was. No, these are Raiders... Dear God such terrible, cruel men. Join them or perish, they said. When we fought back but it was a massacre. Dear Lord...they seem possessed of some terrible evil. Turn back while you can or they’1l have you for their slaves! He pushes William aside and rushes on with the tide of refugees.
58) 0) text: Kane’s feet crunch loudly on the broken masonry that litters the floor. The roof has collapsed in places, exposing the night sky. Pews are scattered and broken, even the altar is overturned. Startled BIRDS, disturbed in their nighttime roost, suddenly explode out of the rafters. SOMETHING IS WATCHING KANE as he explores this desecrated sanctuary. As Kane approaches the altar, and THE WATCHER COMES NEARE stalking him from the shadows... Kane bends to his knees and bows his head before the fall idol. The ATTACKER makes its final approach, a wooden club raised, ready to bring down on Kane. But KANE WHIRLS ROUND AT THE LAST MOMENT and points his pistol right into the face of... a PRIEST. The two are frozen for a moment. This priest is wild-eyed and at the end of his strength. Even if he did strike Kan it would barely register Kane slowly lowers his pistol. He raises empty hands.
58) 3) dialog: F..f..forgive me. I have seen such things.
60) 0) text: Kane and the Priest - FATHER MICHAEL, a gaunt, wild haire man, clearly hovering on the brink of sanity and still cl in a torn tunic with stained dog-collar - are eating simp fare around a fire that burns in the corner of the church
62) 0) text: The PRIEST listens, nervously, to the screams and cries coming from the floor beneath him. He seems satisfied tha his task is done. But then a SHADOW FALLS ACROSS HIM. He turns slowly and SCREAMS...asS a blade flashes through the air...
65) 0) text: KANE flops down onto the wet grass and scrambles away. Al his attention focused on the exit... but nothing is following him. Exhausted he lies back and takes a moment to catch his breath. ...@ HUMAN HEAD suddenly lands on the ground right beside him. It is the PRIEST’S HEAD.