37) 0) text: SAMUEL running as fast as he can back to the CAMP. He stops dead when he sees... ... THERE ARE RAIDERS ALREADY THERE. Six brutal looking m dragging WILLIAM, KATHERINE, EDWARD and MEREDITH from the tents.
39) 0) text: Silently SAMUEL backs away and right into... 44 46 47 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 48 ...A RAIDER who steps from behind a tree and grabs him.
42) 0) text: The RAIDERS are destroying the camp. Setting fire to possessions, taking the horses for their own. Watching it all is the OVERLORD. He takes no part in thes activities but sits motionless on a MASSIVE BLACK HORSE. The Overlord is a HUGE FIGURE, ENCASED IN LEATHER ARMOUR, his face entirely covered by a grotesque MASK, huge sword hanging at his waist. It’s almost as if he is directing h men silently simply by sheer force of will. MEREDITH is struggling against her CAPTORS. She hits him but he throws her to the ground. Crouching over her, he tears at her clothes, his intentions clear. WILLIAM and KATHERINE watch in horror. SAMUEL scrambles t them.
44) 0) text: In thunderous silence KANE stalks through the devastated camp. The BODIES OF THE RAIDERS are all around. He picks through their corpses and clothing, seeking information. tears the INSIGNIA from the uniform of a dying Raider. As the creature draws its last breath it seems to CHANGE BAC INTO NOTHING MORE THAN A ROUGH LOOKING MAN. All the besti elements melt away with the rain. Kane considers this for a moment and then moves on. He steps past the bodies of EDWARD and SAMUEL as walks towar WILLIAM and KATHERINE. KATHERINE is cradling the dying WILLIAM in her arms. He h been mortally stabbed, his breath coming in short, bloody bursts. He looks to Kane.
47) 0) text: The RAIDER, still clutching the GIRL bundled up across hi horse, gallops through the broken remains of a STONE CIRC on these open moors. He turns and sees KANE closing the g second by second. There is no escape now. Within the stone circle he wheels his horse to a halt and turns to face Kane. The horse is exhausted, foaming at the mouth, breath coming in great steaming clouds. Kane keeps coming until he’s at the perimeter of the stones. He circles beyond the stones. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 583
47) 4) dialog: There! You have her!
47) 6) dialog: I don’t know! I don’t know. Perhaps others have her. There are raiding parties all over. Kane draws his knife and presses it into the Raider’s fle beneath his eyeball.
47) 8) dialog: Solomon Kane... You may carve the flesh of this worthless body but it will not tell you what you want to know. I will not let it. Blood drips from the Raider’s mouth, even as he laughs at Kane. The GIRL watches from her place on the ground nearby, horrified. Kane shakes the possessed Raider.
47) 10) dialog: I am nothing in that God’s name; I am a servant of the shadows. My master released us from the pit and these human bodies are enough for our needs. Then Kane sees, on the crest of a distant hill, the OVERLORD, watching silently. The bloodied raider before him speaks.
47) 11) dialog: Do you believe that your salvation lies in saving this single girl?
47) 13) dialog: You will fail; slayer of innocents, murderer killer of your own brother
47) 15) dialog: I have no heart. Nor do you. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 55 Kane shakes the body, smashes his fist into it beating it relentlessly now.
47) 16) dialog: My Master sends his greetings from The Pit. He is waiting for you. The Masked Rider on the hill turns away. As he does so, the puppet body of the Raider shakes and twisted by one final hideous convulsion. Blood pours from his mouth, nose and eyes and after a single agonized scre it slumps forwards. And then, little by little, the Raider’s face changes to that of a normal young man. The black blood becomes red once again and he lies still. Kane rises slowly, unsure as to his plan. Then he hears a muffled sob from the girl. He goes over to her and gently helps her to sit up.
50) 0) text: The RAIDERS and their WAGON TRAIN have come to a halt outside a small village on the edge of a dark forest It is just one of several wagons joining together to form longer train. A rough platoon of Raiders walks or rides alongside. It may be an army of sorts but it is crude and undisciplined. We see now that there are DIFFERENT CASTES OF RAIDERS; so are little more than rough looking men whilst others, clearly of higher rank, are far more corrupted and change Seemingly the longer they have been fighting, the more strongly the possession takes hold. MEREDITH is lying on her side at the bottom of a CAGE mounted on the back of a wagon. She is freezing cold, shivering and filthy. There is a DEAD BODY right beside her in the overpacked wagon. She is praying quietly, intensely.
50) 4) dialog: Quiet! (to his companions) Clear out the dead! Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 59 MEREDITH shrinks back from the front of the cage as the savage raiders fling open the door and DRAG OUT THE BODIE They are DUMPED by the side of the road.
51) 0) text: A DOZEN MEN OF THE VILLAGE are lined up on their knees before the OVERLORD. RAIDERS are gathered around. Other VILLAGERS are watching from a huddled group nearby. They have the grim resolution of a beaten community as th Raiders take food and water as they please. On GIBBETS by the side of the road a DOZEN MEN ARE HANGIN BY THEIR NECKS.
54) 0) text: By the light of burning brands the RAIDER’S WAGONS crawl relentlessly across the countryside towards some unknown destination. The CAPTIVES are huddled together. Dead and dying along with the silent, terrified living.
54) 1) dialog: Clear out the bodies! The wasted bodies of the fallen are roughly dragged out o the wagons and dumped carelessly at the side of the road. MEREDITH is amongst the dead.
67) 0) text: There are dozens of stall holders trying to scrape a ragg living in the SMALL MARKET SQUARE. It is filthy, wet and raining but still bustling with bedraggled customers. Amongst them are RAIDERS grouped together drinking and shouting. It seems this town has already fallen into thei thrall. The insignia of the sorcerer, Malachi, the same that all these Raiders and their followers wear, flies on pendant over the town. A few of the LOCALS move hurriedly aside as a DARKLY DRESSED RIDER leads THREE HORSES through the town gates a into the market square. He ignores the sideways glances a nervous chatter of those he passes. Doesn’t care that a few Raiders watch him. KANE leads the horses through the market to a STABLE nearby. Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 76
70) 0) text: An INNKEEPER makes his way through his CROWDED ALE-HOUSE a TABLE IN A DARK CORNER. A motley bunch are drinking themselves into a stinking stupor on his ale. Mostly loca PEASANTS but there are a HANDFUL OF RAIDERS in here too. The innkeeper refills a tankard on the table from the gallon flagon he’s carrying then withdraws. A HAND shoots out of the shadows and grabs his arm.
73) 0) text: CLOSE ON: GARRICK’S FACE - SCREAMING in agony. With every BLOW OF THE HAMMER he cries louder. His HANDS are being NAILED TO A WOODEN CROSS by a RAIDER. The STABLE KEEPER is nearby him, unconscious and bloody - already pinned to the wood. OTHERS too are lined up; anyo who might have been involved with them is being crucified in the town square. TELFORD is not there though. A PARTY of RAIDERS and LOCALS are raising the crosses. Th market square has been trashed, any stalls that were left have been shattered, others are burning. The silent OVERLORD watches from his horse as the first o the crosses are raised. The cries of pain are unbearable. The TOWN LOCALS have been herded into a group. Raiders wi their weapons ready face them but no one is going to figh A POSSESSED RAIDER speaks with his MASTER’S VOICE. It echoes unnaturally across the town square.
73) 2) dialog: This is the one Master, the one who hunts us. The rebels want him as their leader. The Overlord leans down to Kane, reaches out with a glove hand and raises his face to his own. The Overlord’s eyes stare keenly from the mask. He is so close to Kane now th he can whisper IN HIS OWN VOICE. It is a frail, rasping whisper. He is almost tender as he speaks.
75) 0) text: Under the light of a blood-red dawn KANE is taken and shoved forward through the crowds. The Raiders kick and punch him. Some of the crowd are silent whilst others are shouting and jeering.
75) 2) dialog: (to his companion) He’s tough. They always scream.
75) 4) dialog: Best make sure he suffers then. The pair continue to SMASH THE NAILS into Kane’s body. Wi each brutal HAMMER BLOW the SCREAMS Kane can hear all around him finally begin to fade. The leering, laughing faces of the Raiders, their punches and blows mean nothin any more. He is dying... His vision flickers to BLACK for a moment... He regains consciousness again as HIS CROSS IS RAISED TO VERTICAL... His body sags down against the ropes holding him to the main vertical beam. His arms pull against the nails through his palms. Blood runs down his arms. 80 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett a6 But when he opens his eyes and looks down THE WORLD HAS CHANGED... HE IS IN HELL. It is the same MARKET SQUARE, still burning, people still screaming but everything is heightened. He can see the DEMONS twisting and sliding within the bodies of the Raiders like foul parasitic creatures feeding on the pain and fear. The VILLAGERS are screaming and twisted in tortured agony. Demons tear at them as their town burns. Dante could not have imagined anything worse. Only now does Kane start to SCREAM...
76) 2) dialog: Silence! But Meredith ignores him, growing more hysterical with every moment.
78) 0) text: MEREDITH is screaming and fighting as the wagon train mov away from the village. Slowly she is losing sight of Kane but doing everything she can to retain sight until the la possible moment, even as the Raiders are screaming at her for silence.
81) 0) text: KANE has dropped to the ground now. He is stunned and bleeding, trying to gain his breath and work through the agony. A few of the Raiders have stopped, amazed, to watch him a he struggles to a kneeling position, blood pouring from h wounds. Kane stares at them with cold fury. But he can se more than just the Raiders - he can see within the more corrupted Raiders, there are DEMONIC CREATURES, like a parasite writhing within its host. Evil eyes stare at him from behind the human masks. Summoning incredible willpower, Kane, picks up an abandon sword and readies for a fight. Instead the RAIDERS TURN AND FLEE.
86) 0) text: Heavy, dark rain clouds hang low over the valley. There i no life here. The whole world seems trapped in the iron fist of mid-winter and permanent twilight. Freezing rain lashes down. In Kane’s memory this may once have been ric in life and joy but now it is a black, skeletal place. 91 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 96 In the crook of the valley a SMALL TOWN lies silent. And the distance, on a hill, is the grey, glowering form of AXMOUTH CASTLE. Brooding over the whole valley. Beyond the castle, the sea crashes restlessly in the harbour The only sign of life is a SMALL GROUP OF RAIDERS returni to the castle with a WAGON OF CAPTIVES. Tiny against the landscape, they pass a sentry post just outside the village.
87) 0) text: TwO of MALACHI’S RAIDERS, bundled up against the cold, stand guard by a low wall. They wave the approaching Raiders and their wagon full of captives through.
87) 1) dialog: Any trouble?
87) 3) dialog: Do not be so certain of that. The sentry throws back his hood - it is KANE dressed as a Raider. He draws two pistols and shoots the leader of the wagon raiders. Instantly TELFORD, McCNESS, SMITH, FLETCHER, HARRIS, CALDICOTT and five others - BRADFORD, COOPER, HAWKSTONE, GILLIGAN and SOFTLEY - rise up from behind the low walls and undergrowth. With pistols flaring and swords swinging they engage the remaining FOUR WAGON RAIDERS. Quickly overwhelming them. McNess, preferring a CUDGEL to anything more subtle batte one to a screaming, bloody death before beginning to stri him of his clothes.
88) 0) text: Heavy rain and thick mist make the going difficult as KAN and his MEN, dressed as a raiding party, slowly approach the ominous and intimidating entrance to the castle. Ther are SIX RAIDERS, as before - the others are now within th slave cage itself hiding silently amongst the other captives. KANE and TELFORD are taking the lead. Telford stares up a the imposing castle.
89) 0) text: At an agonizing crawl, Kane and his comrades pass by the castle guards. These Raiders are different from the other less human, even more corrupt and misshapen. As Kane looks at them he sees the evil within, shining through their eyes. He can almost feel them staring back into his own soul. McNess and Fletcher have hands poised over their pistols. With every step Kane feels they’1l be discovered and attacked but they are not. The PORTCULLIS GATE IS RAISED without a question and they are allowed into the inner courtyard.