17) 3) dialog: It has broken. He will be well. (to Kane) Sir, my name is William Crowthorn. This is my daughter Meredith. And you met, quite briefly, my son Samuel. My eldest, Edward, is driving this wagon and my wife Katherine is outside also. Samuel peers in nervously from outside.
17) 5) dialog: We prayed for you. Meredith has nursed you these past days. All of us have spent time at you side. Kane tries to rise again. He’s wounded and weak but fighting.
17) 7) dialog: There are many evils on this road but we are not among them. You are safe and on the road heading west to Plymouth.
17) 11) dialog: I did.
17) 13) dialog: True enough. You took quite some beating but in a few days, the Lord willing, you will be fit once more. (calling out) Edward, pull over now. We’1l make camp for the night.
18) 0) text: The COVERED CART is driven by EDWARD, William’s eldest so and a serious young man in his mid 20’s. Though all the family are dressed as Puritans, only Edward wears the dog collar and garb of a PRIEST. Beside him on the bench is William’s wife, KATHERINE; a bright and homely woman in her 50’s. SAMUEL is walking besides the cart, swatting the long grass with a stick. EDWARD guides the cart to some open ground beside a cryst clear river. It is an idyllic spot in a picturesque valley.
19) 0) text: MEREDITH and KATHERINE are gathering together cooking utensils and food stuff for the evening meal. WILLIAM and EDWARD are preparing a covered area for sleeping by the wagon. Young SAMUEL is exploring nearby.
19) 3) dialog: Samuel! Edward has given you a task; set to it. Reluctantly and muttering, Samuel unhitches the horses an lead them to the river KANE steps out of the wagon, still a little unsteady. Katherine is surprised to see him.
22) 2) dialog: My Katherine can make a meal from anything. Leather shoes and nettles one time wasn’t it?
22) 7) dialog: Did you fight the Spanish?
22) 14) dialog: I fought in our own holy wars under King Henry many years ago. The taking of men’s lives is hard no matter what their faith, don’t you agree Solomon? Kane chooses his words carefully.
22) 23) dialog: Remember Samuel, it was the Lord who also saw fit to put us in Captain Kane’s path.
23) 2) dialog: (laughing at himself) I’d be of little use if you were not, my fighting days are long gone. Could you not sleep?
23) 5) dialog: No, it is my task alone to watch over my family. But you’re welcome to sit with me. Kane settles beside William. They sit for a time, enjoyin the flickering warmth of the nearby fire.
23) 7) dialog: I know. See? Williams takes a LOCKET from his neck and opens it for Ka to see. Inside are PORTRAITS OF KATHERINE and MEREDITH.
23) 8) dialog: The two most beautiful women in this world. My family is everything to me. Do you have kin?
23) 10) dialog: I have lost loved ones; to plague, to persecution and bigotry. Edward, lost his wife and child. William falls silent in contemplation.
23) 12) dialog: We do. It is a new start in a New World. I sold every possession we had to pay for this passage. You might consider journeying with us. Kane falls into silence for a moment.
23) 14) text: 27 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett an KANE(cont 'd) My cruelty and murderous nature were famed. I am - I was - an evil man. William studies Kane for a moment and thinks about this.
23) 15) dialog: We have all sinned because we are all human.
23) 17) dialog: You are welcome Solomon. (lightening the tone) If only because I need a better navigator than myself to read this fool map. I could be leading us to Portsmouth not Plymouth for all I know. Here, take a look...
25) 0) text: SAMUEL walks beside KANE now, matching his easy stride. WILLIAM and KATHERINE are up ahead, walking hand in hand. Kane finishes pulling on the clothes Meredith made. He is dressed in their own Puritan fashion now and models it fo Meredith who is picking herbs and flowers nearby.
27) 0) text: KANE, WILLIAM and EDWARD are looking at DOZENS OF CORPSES scattered around the village. CROWS line the trees nearby waiting to move in. The air of death and menace hangs heavy. A little way back MEREDITH, KATHERINE and SAMUEL wait uneasily.
27) 2) dialog: The Devil has been here. Edward drops to his knees and starts to pray.
27) 7) dialog: Dear Lord, this is the witchfinder general. If he is dead...
27) 11) dialog: We must bury them as Christians.
28) 0) text: KANE, sweating and filthy, is finishing digging a shallow grave as EDWARD and WILLIAM lower a body into another nearby. There are a handful of others graves dotted about each with a wooden cross marking it. KATHERINE is making the wooden crosses nearby. SAMUEL watches uneasily from the wagon in the distance whilst everyone else is involved in the unsavory task. Kane eyes the setting sun nervously. MEREDITH approaches over the rough ground and offers him a cup of water. He drinks thirstily.
30) 19) dialog: Dear god what have you done?
31) 1) text: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 49 A DOZEN or so PEASANTS appear from around a bend in the road ahead. Some are bloody and beaten - it is cle they are DESPERATE REFUGEES of some kind. William tries to talk to the first few but they pass him without stopping. Finally a
31) 2) dialog: What is wrong? Tell me! PRIEST rushes by.
31) 3) dialog: Tell me what has happened? Is it the witch?
31) 8) dialog: This is the only road to Plymouth - how else will we make the ship? We must go on, find another way.
31) 10) dialog: Our future is in the New World.
31) 12) dialog: There’s nothing for us to go back to. Our only way is ahead, to get to the ship. Can you help me? KANE takes a MAP from the saddle of one of the horses. He studies it for a moment.
34) 0) text: A very subdued group make camp. WILLIAM is setting a fire as SAMUEL gathers wood. KANE emerges from a forest path nearby.
34) 3) dialog: Of course.
37) 0) text: SAMUEL running as fast as he can back to the CAMP. He stops dead when he sees... ... THERE ARE RAIDERS ALREADY THERE. Six brutal looking m dragging WILLIAM, KATHERINE, EDWARD and MEREDITH from the tents.
38) 0) text: WILLIAM and EDWARD are already bloody and beaten. MEREDIT fights like a wild cat but she is punched and thrown to t ground. Even in the face of the chaos and violence William is trying to keep everyone calm. Offering comfort and suppor to his frightened family as he’s being beaten down into t mud.
38) 1) dialog: (to the attackers) Here, take what you want; it’s yours. (reaching for Meredith) Everything will be all right Meredith. Edward don’t try and fight them.
42) 0) text: The RAIDERS are destroying the camp. Setting fire to possessions, taking the horses for their own. Watching it all is the OVERLORD. He takes no part in thes activities but sits motionless on a MASSIVE BLACK HORSE. The Overlord is a HUGE FIGURE, ENCASED IN LEATHER ARMOUR, his face entirely covered by a grotesque MASK, huge sword hanging at his waist. It’s almost as if he is directing h men silently simply by sheer force of will. MEREDITH is struggling against her CAPTORS. She hits him but he throws her to the ground. Crouching over her, he tears at her clothes, his intentions clear. WILLIAM and KATHERINE watch in horror. SAMUEL scrambles t them.
42) 1) dialog: Leave her! Please... EDWARD, struggles free from his captor and rises to her defence...
42) 8) dialog: No Samuel. Solomon don’t... Samuel struggles against his captor. Fighting furiously. The other raiders are advancing slowly on Kane.
42) 19) dialog: My boy! Oh Samuel! Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 48 Eye-Patch looks down at SAMUEL’S DEAD BODY and laughs.
44) 0) text: In thunderous silence KANE stalks through the devastated camp. The BODIES OF THE RAIDERS are all around. He picks through their corpses and clothing, seeking information. tears the INSIGNIA from the uniform of a dying Raider. As the creature draws its last breath it seems to CHANGE BAC INTO NOTHING MORE THAN A ROUGH LOOKING MAN. All the besti elements melt away with the rain. Kane considers this for a moment and then moves on. He steps past the bodies of EDWARD and SAMUEL as walks towar WILLIAM and KATHERINE. KATHERINE is cradling the dying WILLIAM in her arms. He h been mortally stabbed, his breath coming in short, bloody bursts. He looks to Kane.
44) 1) dialog: Get her back. William speaks urgently, fighting for every breath.
44) 3) dialog: Swear this oath to me now Kane. William grabs Kane and draws him near.
44) 4) dialog: By your own word you are a butcher and a murderer; you know how to kill like no man born. Do it. For me, for my family. Kill them all.
44) 6) dialog: This is how you will redeem your soul; Find my child and end this evil. The dying man holds Kane’s eyes with the last fire of his own. 50 Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 1
44) 7) dialog: Swear your oath. Swear to God Almighty and He will protect your soul. Do it! Kane looks to Katherine; she want to hear it too. He take William’s hand in his own.