8) 2) text: Adam's and Lois' kids, Timmy, 8, and Adam Jr., 10, watch  with Liz. (Adam Jr., in leg braces and crutches, suffers  from muscular dystrophy)
8) 20) text: Adam kisses Lois and the kids goodbye. Adam Jr. nearly lo his balance in the excitement, Adam catches him. Boyd starts to get in the drivers seat.
8) 22) text: Boyd slides over shotgun, cranks the MUSIC. Fisher's the  last one in. He slides the big Minivan door shut and they off. Adam looks in the rearview mirror, Lois, Liz, Timmy wave  goodbye. Adam Jr. waves one of his crutches.
28) 0) text: The shiny clean minivan cruises to a stop in front of the house. Adam Jr., "Little Adam," and Timmy play in the fen yard along with a couple of other kids.
29) 1) dialog: (screaming) Daddy's home! Daddy's home!
54) 36) text: Lois starts sobbing. Michael joins in. Adam Jr. and Timmy appear in the door, in their pajamas, awakened by the noi Seeing their mother in tears, they start to sob. The room filled with anguished tears. Boyd give Lois a glass of wa and a Valium.
55) 0) text: Fisher and Moore load Michael into the car. Boyd leans in the back window. Adam Jr. and Timmy are in the backseat,  still in their P.J.'s.
56) 2) text: Liz is in her robe, none too pleased. Adam Jr. and Timmy in the b.g. at the kitchen table eating cookies and milk.
64) 2) text: Liz and Fisher, flanked by Adam Jr. and Timmy, eyes wide, they sit across from the attorney, totally bazooka'd. The stare in horror at Morris.
64) 22) text: Adam Jr. suddenly slips off his chair, lands flat on his  back, starts struggling to get up. Fisher tries to help L Adam up.
64) 27) text: Fisher manages to get Adam Jr. back up in his chair. Liz  looks rather horrified.
65) 0) text: Fisher drives, Liz up front, Adam jr. and Timmy in the ba Everyone is shocked in silence. Fisher looks deathly ill, like he's about to vomit. He pulls the car over and gets  out.
67) 0) text: It's pouring rain outside. Shots of guests dashing from their cars to the church. Fisher's parents with Adam Jr. and Timmy, looking overwhe Upstairs: Liz and her Bridesmaids help Liz get dressed.  Everyone looks depressed.
82) 2) text: Adam Jr. and Timmy, in ill-fitted Cub Scout uniforms, rec the "Scout Laws." TIMMY
82) 6) text: Timmy snaps out a fine salute. Adam balances on one crutc to salute but looses balance and falls flat on his face. starts SCREAMING. REVEAL Fisher, in a wheelchair, both legs amputated above the knee. He leans over, trying to help Adam Jr. up and h wheel chair tips over. Fisher falls on top of Adam Jr. wh SCREAMS even louder, flailing arms and legs like a turtle its back. REVEAL Moore, in an electric wheel chair he operated with mouthpiece. As he is paralyzed from the neck down, he's n help at all. Timmy suddenly snaps.
82) 16) text: The boys recite the "Scout's Oath" as Liz's deep, heaving wailing SOBS grow in intensity O.C. ADAM JR. &amp; TIMMY ...to do my duty to God and my  country... To obey the Scout Law, to  help other people at all times...
82) 17) text: SLOWLY PULL OFF Fisher, Moore and the kids... ADAM JR. &amp; TIMMY To keep myself physically strong,  mentally awake, and morally straight.