33) 1) dialog: I wanted to just take this final  opportunity to visit with you. You  know, just to be with you, father  and son, before you run off and do  your own husband, daddy thing. (starts to choke-up) I'm just so goddamn proud of you...  God knows I didn't always play it  right with you...
33) 3) dialog: I could have done it better. I'm a  fucking ball-buster I am.
33) 5) dialog: I'm just so scared of that song.  That fucking, "My son just arrived  the other day... he says thanks for  the ball, come on let's play. I got  lots of bills come again next day.  He's grown up just like me... My boy  is just like me." Gordon fucking  Lightfoot, Cat Stevens, whoever,  that song just fucking kills me.
33) 7) dialog: Just kills me...
33) 9) dialog: I love you so much it hurts. Me and  your mother marvel at what you have  become. You're going to have a  wonderful journey with this girl. I  feel it deep inside. A wonderful,  magical journey. (cries again) And I'm, like I said, just so proud  of how you turned out. (hugs Fisher)  You go out and knock 'em dead Keith.  Knock 'em dead!
43) 15) dialog: (holding picture of  Keith, age 4, on a  mule) And this is Keith at age four and  his best friend "Bunker the Mule."  Evidently, when they were in camp,  Keith and Boyd got into some serious  arguments over exactly who was Keith's  best friend -- Boyd or the mule.
43) 16) text: Mr. Fisher holds up a photo of a young Fisher and young B both scrappy and bloodied from a fist fight. Boyd sits with Moore at a table.
43) 19) text: Mr. Fisher holds up a picture of Keith, Boyd, Moore and  Michael all in a Peewee Football uniforms.
43) 20) dialog: After camp came football, and for  those of you not following the sports  pages back in 1977, you might not  remember the Peewee Powerhouse  Oklahoma, who, under the brilliant  leadership of your's truly, rolled  to an auspicious league record of 0- 12 scoring exactly zero touchdowns.
44) 32) text: Mr. Fisher approaches.
44) 33) dialog: Everything okay?
44) 35) dialog: Well, I'm in the middle of my goddamn  toast here.