4) 0) text: TIGHT ON a "Fred Sands" realty sign being pounded into th ground. Pictured on the sign, as "offered by," is realtor DAVID BOYD, 30-ish, short hair, smiling with bizarre  sincerity. WIDER to reveal, David Boyd in the flesh, suit jacket off pounding away, sinking the sign into the front yard of a  cute little house. His CELL PHONE RINGS. Boyd, gets the p from his jacket.
8) 0) text: BOYD, MOORE, FISHER in the middle, MICHAEL and his older  brother, ADAM, all in suits pose in front of Adam's brand new, state of the art, Chevy Minivan while Adam's very  aggressive wife, LOIS, mired in domestic resentment, focu her camera.
15) 0) text: The MUSIC is LOUD. The boys are super drunk in the swank  bachelor party suite. MOORE stagger-dances on a table. BOYD AND MICHAEL stand at the wet-bar.
40) 6) text: A black sedan, looking like an unmarked police car, pulls nose-to-nose with them at the pump. TWO MEN in dark suits the front look like cops. Adam can't help but notice.
41) 0) text: Adam slides his card through at the pump and starts filli his tank as one of the "suits" gets out of the black seda and does the same. Adam and the "suit" make eye-contact.
41) 1) dialog: How ya doing?
41) 3) dialog: What's that?
41) 5) dialog: I said how's it going?
41) 7) dialog: Well that's what I said.
41) 8) text: Adam nods, eyeing his gas pump, willing it to pump faster His heart starts to pound, he looks away, sees... An LAPD police car pull into the station, stops in front the mini-mart. TWO COPS inside. ON adam, eye-balling the cop car. He slowly turns to stea glance at the "suit."
41) 9) dialog: How do you like that mini-van?
41) 16) text: Adam looks from the suit to the cop car...
42) 1) text: The "suit" has finished with the gas but he's not leaving He's taking a close look at Adam's van. He seems to be  checking the license plate...
43) 0) text: As Adam races back to his car, the "Suit" moves in on him
43) 1) dialog: The wife's begging me for one. How's  the mileage.
79) 0) text: The suitcases are unloaded. Fisher and Moore dig a new gr Moore's back is to Fisher as he digs.