1) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and the KNIGHT. JOHN casts a look in HENRY'S direction. There is no love lost. As he turns back and dueling practice begins - (Cut to tent. Food for a royal picnic is hand- somely arranged. The FIGURE we saw is a girl. HENRY lies, his head on her lap. (Cut to the GIRL, close up. ALAIS CAPET is 23 and exquisitely beautiful. She is like a fine porcelain figure - fragile, delicate, pure, the only person in this story easy to break. She is happily and desperately in love with HENRY; it's all over her as she looks down at him)
1) 1) dialog: (singing softly in her native tongue; bright and gay) Allons gai, gai, gai, bergere; allons gai Allons gai, soyez legere, suivez mois. (We pull back, including them both. HENRY'S gaze is out across the field)
1) 3) dialog: That's it, that's the way, lad.
1) 4) dialog: Oh, what difference does it make who's king next? Does it matter who comes after you? Continued
1) 6) dialog: And Eleanor.
1) 8) dialog: How is your queen?
1) 11) dialog: 
1) 18) dialog: I'm afraid, too.
1) 20) dialog: Just afraid. (He looks at her with enormous tenderness, takes her in his arms. They hold each other. Cut to ~ (HENRY, close up, eyes closed, holding her. He opens his eyes, looks out across the field. Anxiety crosses his face. Cut to - (JOHN, sweating, red-faced, flailing away.
5) 0) text: (HENRY close up. He is asleep in bed. The camera draws back and we see ALAIS next to him. She is awake, motionless. She hasn't slept. We keep on drawing back, taking in - (HENRY'S room. Bare, cold, undecorated. Chairs, chests, tables - all heavy wood and crude - tapestries. Clothes are hung in the open from a pole that runs along the wall.)
7) 6) dialog: Henry, what if, just for once, I didn't do as I was told. (Cut to HENRY. Half dressed, he stands by a table. There is a wash bowl full of water on it, a thin film of ice on the water)
7) 8) dialog: you'll last. You're like the rocks at Stonehenge. Nothing knocks you down.
7) 10) dialog: You have more than you think.
7) 12) dialog: If I decided to be trouble, Henry, how much trouble could
8) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS, dressed now, moving down a corridor. They pass an occasional SERVANT who
8) 6) dialog: I could give away your plans.
8) 8) dialog: I know you want to disinherit Richard.
9) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS at a table eating breakfast. They eat, as was the custom, with spoons and fingers from a common bowl that sits on the table between them)
9) 1) dialog: Henry, I can't be your mistress if I'm married to your so
9) 3) dialog: I do not like your Johnny.
9) 5) dialog: He's got pimples and he smells of compost.
9) 7) dialog: He could bathe.
10) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding briskly down a corridor, ALAIS hurrying after him. The corridor is more crowded now. There are KNIGHTS and HIGH CLERGYMEN who, as HENRY passes, stop and bow. HENRY ignores it all, striding on until - (He reaches a niche in the corridor. He stops abruptly, turns on ALAIS)
10) 2) dialog: Will yours?
10) 4) dialog: All I want is not to lose you. Can't you hide me? Can't I simply disappear.
10) 8) dialog: (Calling, moving, excited and happy)
12) 0) text: (Cut to an enormous Christmas tree, close up, as it is being raised to standing position. (Pull back to see HENRY nodding at the tree in brisk approval. ALAIS stands near him, wanting to speak but hesitant. We are in the Parlor, a fairly spacious place which functioned as a kind of Family Room. There are the usual tapestries, some furniture, a desk and scattered about, piles of holly boughs. (HENRY turns to leave the room. ALAIS stops him, saying
12) 1) dialog: What difference does my dowry make? Let Philip have it ba It isn't much.
12) 3) dialog: And I'm not.
12) 6) dialog: And you adored her.
14) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS. He is seated at a desk, busily going through state papers)
14) 1) dialog: Why John? John doesn't care for you at all.
14) 3) dialog: None of them has any love for you.
14) 5) dialog: I'm going to fight for you. f ‘HENRY Oh, fine. EXT. BATTLEMENTS i
14) 9) text: (Cut to the walk that runs along the top of the castle wall. HENRY is pacing impatiently, repeatedly looking out in expectation toward the River Vienne that runs quite near, below them. ALAIS, with great determination is saying -) 27 15 Continued
14) 10) dialog: When I was sixteen and we started this depraved relations left everything to you. I lap sat, drank my milk and did I was told. Not any more. Your cherub's twenty-three now she's going to fight.
14) 12) dialog: With anything that I can think of.
14) 14) dialog: Add mine.
14) 16) dialog: When can I believe you, Henry?
14) 18) dialog: But with so many enemies --
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 75) dialog: You never cared for me.
19) 79) dialog: There is no sport in hurting me. It is so easy.
19) 81) dialog: Eleanor, with both hands tied behind you. (As she turns to go, cut to HENRY. His concern for ALAIS is clearly on his face. Cut to - (ELEANOR gazing fondly and sadly after her. Cut back to - (HENRY as he adjusts his expression for ELEANOR's
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
23) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY. He is outside in a corner of the courtyard, busy distributing Christmas largesse to the deserving poor. ALAIS is with him. A SERVANT follows them along, pulling a car filled with roast geese, pastries and such. (They are in front of a row of wooden hovels that line the stone castle wall. Gardeners, poultry keepers, smiths and armorers live in these huts. We see them receiving goodies with bows and smiles. (It is late afternoon and cold. The shadows are sharp and clear. Activity in the yard, when we see it, is slight. SOLDIERS & PEASANTS are settling down by tiny fires, eating and drinking. From
23) 42) dialog: I don't know who's to be congratulated. Not me, certainly (She looks at them, eyes bright with anger) Kings, Queens, knights everywhere you look and I'm the on pawn. I haven't got a thing to lose. That makes me danger (At the brink of tears, she turns and runs away from them -- not after HENRY but in another direction)
29) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding down a corridor. Far behind him, we see ALAIS, half-running, trying to catch up. Cut to -)
30) 0) text: (The door to the Parlor, from inside the room. It opens and HENRY strides in, ALAIS at his heels)
30) 1) dialog: But Henry -
30) 3) dialog: But you've promised me to Richard.
30) 5) dialog: (Not a bit relieved. If anything, even angrier) So that whole scene, all you said to John -
30) 13) dialog: I think you like it, passing me from hand to hand. What a to you, a collection plate? Or am I all you've got, like
30) 15) dialog: I talk people and you answer back in provinces.
30) 27) dialog: You need me, Henry, like a tailor needs a tinker's dam. (Cut from ALAIS to HENRY'S face. He is fond of the girl. Cut back to - (ALAIS in the doorway)
30) 28) dialog: I know that look. He's going to say he loves me.
32) 0) text: (We see quick cuts of SERVANTS running. Then brief shots of JOHN, PHILIP, GEOFFREY, RICHARD & ALAIS as each turns sharply, startled. Then short glimpses of each of them racing along, tearing upstairs, downstairs, through halls and corridors.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
34) 0) text: (He strides forward, throws open a door that gives into a corridor. (In the hall, a formal procession has been formed. ELEANOR has ALAIS by the hand and is leading her to
34) 3) dialog: You sound as if you think it's going to happen.
34) 6) dialog: He's only plotting. Can't you tell when Henry's plotting?
34) 8) dialog: He'll never give me up.
34) 10) dialog: Because you told me so.
34) 18) dialog: I don't believe you.
35) 1) dialog: (As they surge past the camera) You don't want me, Richard. Honestly, you don't. We're no right for each other. Our marriage wouldn't work. We're n in love, we'd never be happy ... (From high above, we zoom in on the chapel door. They stand before it) Not yet. -Oh, please not yet.
35) 46) text: 57 Continued (PHILIP, stiff with anger, turns and strides out of the Chapel. ALAIS, weak with relief, leans against the door frame. HENRY is just turning to her when - )
35) 85) dialog: I was so scared -- You mustn't play with feelings, Henry. with mine.
38) 0) text: (Cut from ELEANOR'S wears an expression gazing down at ALAIS who lies drowsing in his arms. They are sitting in Candles glow; there peace.
42) 0) text: (When we pull back, away from the coals, it is from : the fire in Henry's bedroom. The door is just L opening. ALAIS steps through. Behind her, HENRY i hesitates, frowning in thought.) i
42) 1) dialog: Henry?
52) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY'S bedroom. The tolling continues. ALAIS lies curled up, asleep on the bed where HENRY left her. A noise awakens her. She starts up, turning to the door. (Cut to the door from ALAIS'S POV. It opens. HENRY stands in the doorway. He starts into the room. (Cut to ALAIS, smiling, rubbing her eyes.)
52) 1) dialog: What time is it? (Something's wrong. Rising from the bed) Henry? (Cut to HENRY standing in front of the fire, staring blindly into it. ALAIS moves into the picture, stands beside him. (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS seen through the fire) What's happened, Henry? What's the matter? (He doesn't seem to hear her. He frowns at a passing thought, turns and starts away.)
53) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY at the door. He turns back, seems to see ALAIS for a moment, then turns away and moves out the door.
53) 4) text: 89 (Cut to a shadowy hallway. Eyes glowing in the dark -- dogs' eyes. HENRY moves into the picture, past the dogs. Far behind him, down the corridor, we can dimly make out ALAIS.)
54) 0) text: (Cut to an exterior door seen from outside. It opens. HENRY steps through, his face immobile, like a Greek mask. We follow him as he moves out into the freezing clear bright night, prowling along the battlements. Though he wears no robe or coat, he does not register the cold. (Cut to ALAIS shivering in the doorway, her face alive with love and compassion for her man. (Cut to HENRY from ALAIS'S POV. He is in the distance now, a small figure moving along the walls of a great castle. The castle looks like ivory in the moonlight. (Cut to a SOLDIER on Guard Duty. Heavily robed, he is nonetheless half frozen. He sees something, stiffens to attention. (Cut to HENRY moving along the battlements. We see him pass the shivering GUARD. (Cut to HENRY sitting, looking out over the same bit of wall from where he first caught sight of ELEANOR'S boat that morning. (Cut to the night from HENRY'S POV. We see ELEANOR'S boat anchored at the wharf. (Cut to HENRY looking at the boat. He shuts his eyes, unable to bear what he is thinking. He lies back, stretching out on the cold stone, and looks up at the sky. (The camera, following the rising mist of HENRY'S breath, turns up to the sky. It is cloudless, crammed with an infinity of stars.)
55) 7) dialog: (Singing, voice over) The Christmas wine is in the pot, The Christmas coals are red. I'll spend my day the lover's way, Unwrapping all my gifts in bed. (As she sings, we pull slowly back. The coals are in a small copper brazier. On the brazier, we see a small pot. ALAIS'S hands appear. One holds a tiny spice jar; the other takes a pinch of spice and drops it in the pot. > (We continue back as we see ALAIS sitting on the floor by the brazier. Then we see HENRY'S bedroom beyond her and, at the last, ELEANOR standing in the doorway. She looks absolutely desolate) The Christmas goose is on the spit, The Christmas -- (She stops singing as she senses someone. She turns. (Cut to ELEANOR. We see her pull herself together. As if nothing in the world were wrong, she moves into the room saying - )
55) 9) dialog: Henry isn't here.
55) 11) dialog: What happened?
55) 17) dialog: (She rises, puts the spice pot on a table) It's your room just as much as mine: we're both in reside
55) 19) dialog: Did you love Henry -- ever?
55) 21) dialog: As long ago as Rosamund.
55) 23) dialog: There are pictures. She was prettier than you.
55) 25) dialog: And you hate her even now. (Cut to ELEANOR as she moves across the room toward HENRY'S bed)
55) 33) dialog: And so you had her poisoned. (She settles on a corner of the bed)
55) 35) dialog: I've tried feeling pity for you but it keeps on turning i something else.
55) 37) dialog: You love Henry but you love his kingdom, too. You look at and you see cities, acreage, coastline, taxes. All I see Henry. Leave him to me, can't you?
55) 39) dialog: And I thought I could move you. Were you always like this Years ago, when I was young and worshipped you, is this w you were like?
55) 41) dialog: Do you know what I should like for Christmas? I should to you suffer. (Cut to ELEANOR, close up. Nodding as the suffering shows on her face)
55) 50) dialog: Maman, oh Maman.
55) 52) dialog: J'ai peur, Maman.
55) 56) dialog: I've mulled some wine. (Cut to HENRY, moving into the room)
55) 61) dialog: Warm wine. Why You oft Let She You She
55) 63) dialog: me stay. (Cut to HENRY, shaking his head. Cut back to
55) 64) dialog: came to find out what your plans are. She wants you back. (ALAIS starts to say more, stops, turns sharply and goes. (Cut to HENRY & ELEANOR. She is still on the bed. He is at the brazier, pouring wine)
66) 0) text: (He crosses the room, throws open a curtain. Dawn is half an hour off; the light is dim and cold. He turns and looks at - (ALAIS. Dressed as we saw her last, she is curled up asleep in a chair. She starts awake)
66) 1) dialog: Henry? What's wrong?
66) 3) dialog: Is there a war? What's happened? (He throws his arms around her in a great bear hug) Henry, what's the matter?
66) 5) dialog: Where've you been all night?
66) 17) dialog: What for?
66) 19) dialog: He's excommunicated you again.
66) 21) dialog: Oh, be serious.
66) 23) dialog: You mean it?
66) 25) dialog: It's not another trick?
67) 0) text: (Cut to the courtyard from ALAIS'S POV. The havoc of the night taking shape. Wagons stand in some semblance of order. Troops move about)
67) 1) dialog: (Voice over) She still loves you, Henry.
68) 0) text: (Cut to ALAIS as she leaves the window, moves to
68) 2) dialog: She'll find a way to stop us.
68) 4) dialog: If she doesn't stop us, Richard will.
68) 6) dialog: Henry -- you can't ever let them out.
68) 10) dialog: Your sons. You've put them in the dungeon and you've got keep them there forever.
68) 12) dialog: If they're free when you die, it's the dungeon or the nun for me. I don't care which -- a cell's a cell -- but, Hen what about the child.
68) 14) dialog: If they're free, they'll kill it. I'm the one who'll live see that. I will not live to see our children murdered. (Cut to HENRY as he turns angrily to face her)
68) 16) dialog: Not this time. You either keep them down forever or you g yourself another widow. I don't want the job.
68) 18) dialog: That's for you to face.
68) 21) dialog: And I never will. (Cut to HENRY close up)
68) 23) dialog: I hate your sons. I'm not the one who wants a new line. I you want it that's the price. (Cut to HENRY close up)
68) 25) dialog: Henry? (Near the door, he stops. She moves to him) Are you going down? (He nods) To let them out or keep them in?
68) 27) dialog: Can you do it, Henry?
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
68) 188) dialog: You saved them. You maneuvered it.
68) 190) dialog: They're free because of you. They'll kill him one day; yo know that.
68) 192) dialog: You always win, maman.
68) 194) dialog: Come rest.
68) 196) dialog: You're tired.
68) 207) dialog: I'll warm some wine.