4) 6) dialog: (Not turning. We move closer and closer to her face)
4) 12) dialog: Where? (Nothing but her face. The look is enigmatic but the excitement is unmistakable)
14) 36) dialog: It went flat when I told it to. I didn't think to ask for more. How dear of you to let me out of jail.
14) 43) dialog: Like school. You keep me young. (They turn, start up the dock toward the castle. She sees ALAIS)
14) 44) dialog: Here's gentle Alais. (ALAIS starts to curtsy) No, no; greet me as you used to. (She takes ALAIS into her arms, holding her lightly. Fragile I am not; affection is a pressure I can bear. (As she releases ALAIS, she looks up toward the castle.)
15) 0) text: (Cut to the castle from ELEANOR'S POV. JOHN, - RICHARD & GEOFFREY are standing there, by the Main Gate. (Cut to ELEANOR. Pleased and proud) Oh, but I do have handsome children.
16) 0) text: (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, as she busses JOHN on the cheek. We pull back and see that they are in the Parlour.
16) 1) dialog: John -- you're so clean and neat. Henry takes good care o you. (She moves to RICHARD, kisses him lightly) And Richard. Don't look sullen, dear. It makes your eyes small and piggy and your chin look weak. Is Philip here y
16) 3) dialog: Let's hope he's grown up like his father -- simon pure an simon simple. Good, good Louis; if I'd managed sons for h instead of all those little girls, I'd still be Queen of and we should not have known each other. Such, my angels, the role of sex in history.
16) 5) dialog: That will be Philip. (She' turns and starts toward the door)
17) 0) text: (Cut to a broad hallway by a large closed door. ELEANOR is just reaching the door, RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY strung out behind her)
17) 1) dialog: (Looking about expectantly) Where's Henry?
17) 3) dialog: That is a mean and tawdry way to talk about your fiancee.
17) 5) dialog: Whoever fiancee, I brought her up and she is dear to me a gentle.
17) 7) dialog: Of course he does. My, what a greedy little trinity you a king, king, king. Two of you must learn to live with disappointment. (Cut to HENRY as he strides toward them)
17) 9) dialog: Let's deny them all and live forever.
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 2) dialog: (To PHILIP) I was told you were impressive for a boy of eighteen. I'm Eleanor, who might have been your mother. All the others you know.
19) 46) dialog: Clearly, dear. Now run along. It's nearly dinnertime.
19) 59) dialog: And that's to be the king.
19) 61) dialog: How nice for you.
19) 74) dialog: I don't much like our children. (Rising, moving toward ALAIS) Only you. The child I raised but didn't bear.
19) 76) dialog: I did and do. Believe me, Henry's bed is Henry's province can people it with sheep for all I care. Which, on occasi he has done. (Cut to HENRY. The subject of Rosamund is clearly a raw nerve)
19) 78) dialog: He found Miss Clifford in the mists of Wales and brought for closer observation. Liking what he saw, he scrutinize many years. He loved her deeply and she him. And yet, my when Henry had to choose between his lady and my lands ..
19) 80) dialog: After all the years of love and care, do you think I coul bring myself to hurt you?
19) 89) dialog: (Smiling up at him) There's no one. Come on; let's finish Christmassing the p (She moves to a pile of ornaments on a table by the Christmas tree. Through the following, like any Moin and they decorate the tree. Much care is devoted to placing the proper ornament just so, glancing at each other for reaction to the decorating, shakes and nods of heads.
19) 91) dialog: It hasn't even done that. I have borne six girls, five bo and thirty-one connubial years of you. How am I possible?
19) 93) dialog: (They pause, smiling fondly at each other. Then, reaching out and tousling his hair) That's my woolly sheep dog. So wee Johnny gets the crown.
19) 95) dialog: Losing Alais will be hard, for you do love her.
19) 97) dialog: It was difficult in the beginning but that's past. I find seen the world enough.
19) 99) dialog: And I damn near won the last one. Still, as long as I get trotted out for Christmas Courts and state occasions now then, for I do like to see you, it's enough. (She steps back, surveys the tree) I think that's all the Christmassing this thing can stand famished. Let's go in to dinner.
19) 102) dialog: And hand in hand. (She takes his arm. They start out of the room) You're still a marvel of a man.
19) 104) dialog: (Wry amusement on her face) On Christmas Eve.
20) 1) dialog: Do you still need the vexin, Henry?
20) 3) dialog: Henry, dear, if Alais doesn't marry Richard, I will see y lose the vexin.
20) 11) dialog: I can do it.
20) 13) dialog: (smiling a terrible smile at him) Can you read love in that?
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
21) 1) dialog: (As she and HENRY make their stately way down the long hall to their table. Nodding to this NOBLE, smiling at that. My Richard is the next king, not your John. I know you, H I know every twist and bend you've got and I'll be waitin round each corner to -
21) 7) dialog: I care because you care so much.
21) 9) dialog: What would you have me do? Give out, give up, give in?
21) 11) dialog: A little? Why so modest? How about eternal peace? Now there's a thought.
21) 13) dialog: (She leans toward HENRY. They are close enough to kiss) Henry?
21) 15) dialog: Did you ever love me?
21) 17) dialog: Good. That will make this pleasanter. (She sits back, wipes her hands. We draw away from her taking in more and more of the hall until we see all of it - the bustle and smoke, the howling and shouting, the music and caroling.
22) 0) text: (We see a Christmas package on a table. Hands are tying a ribbon around it. We pull back to see ELEANOR seated at a table in her room. Behind her is a door. It opens. RICHARD steps through. Behind him in the corridor, the one-armed GUARD closes the door. RICHARD stays by the doorway, looking at his mother. She is aware that he's there but goes on wrapping the package. RICHARD moves from the doorway toward her, saying
22) 2) dialog: Just to talk. We haven't been alone, the two of us in -- long is a lamb? Two years? You look fit. War agrees with you. I keep informed. I follow all your slaughters from a distance. Do sit down.
22) 4) dialog: Let us hope it's a reunion. Must you look so stern? I sen for you to say I want your love again but I can't say it face like that.
22) 6) dialog: Why, for itself. What other purpose could I have?
22) 8) dialog: You are a dull boy. Dull as plainsong: la, la, la, foreve one note. I gave the Church up out of boredom. I can do a much for you. RICHARD . You'll never give me up - not while I hold the Aquitaine.
22) 13) dialog: You think I'm motivated by a love of real estate.
22) 15) dialog: If I'm so devious, why don't you go? Don't stand there quivering in limbo. Love me, little lamb, or leave me.
22) 17) dialog: Departure is a simple act. You put the left foot down and the right. (JOHN runs into the room, excited in high spirits. GEOFFREY follows him)
22) 19) dialog: Hush, dear. Mother's fighting.
22) 21) dialog: (Getting to her feet) How nice. Where is your father?
23) 6) dialog: (Voice over) There you are. (HENRY & ALAIS turn. Cut to - (ELEANOR from HENRY'S POV. Wearing a heavy robe, she is crossing the yard toward them. RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY come along behind her.) ELEANOR (Cont) Well -- have you put the terms to Philip?
23) 8) dialog: Are we to know the terms or would you rather tease us?
23) 34) dialog: Did you rehearse all this or are you improvising?
23) 36) dialog: Which ones? We've got so many.
23) 43) dialog: (voice over as we watch ALAIS running) Poor child. (Cut to JOHN suffering at the pig sty)
23) 49) dialog: For whatever I have done to you, forgive me.
23) 51) dialog: When you were little, you were torn from me: blame Henry.
23) 53) dialog: Then blame me if it helps.
23) 56) dialog: (Arms open) Oh, Johnny ...
23) 58) dialog: yes, if you'd let me.
23) 60) dialog: (Filled suddenly with love for the boy) John, John ...
23) 62) text: 40 Continued (He starts to move off with dignity but can't keep it up. Bursting into tears, he breaks into a run. i (ELEANOR, RICHARD & GEOFFREY start moving thoughtfully across the yard, past squatting figures, small groups of SOLDIERS drinking. Dogs bar. The wind blows)
23) 64) dialog: John's lost a Chancellor, has he?
23) 66) dialog: It is a bitter thing your Mummy has to say.
23) 68) dialog: You must know Henry isn't through with John. He'll keep t Vexin till the moon goes blue from cold and as for Richar wedding day, we'll see the second coming first; the needl alone can last for years.
23) 70) dialog: Why are you dropping John?
23) 73) dialog: You're good, you're first class, Geoff. You'd sell John o me or me to John or -- you can tell me -- have you found CO way of selling everyone to everybody?
23) 80) dialog: You're as dull as Richard. We can use you. I like using people I can count on. Be our Chancellor.
23) 82) dialog: (Close up, watching him go. A spasm of regret and loss crosses her face) Oh, Geoffrey. (Bleakly, as she starts walking again, across the yard toward a low stone wall) Well, that's how deals are made. We've got him if we want He will sell us all, you know, but only if he thinks we t he won't. Why did I have to have such clever children? (They reach the wall, stopping before a small wooden door. She opens the door, moves through and we see - )
24) 0) text: (A small, cloistered herb garden. It is a perfectly beautiful place; small formal beds of rich frozen earth, delicate arches and columns along the walls, graceful stone benches. Distant hills rise high and stark beyond the far wall. The sun, a perfect faint orange ball, floats just above the hill-tops. Occasionally, scraps of caroling come floating to us. it is a setting of great gentleness and peace. (ELEANOR settles on a bench, looks up at her son)
24) 1) dialog: What's the matter, Richard?
24) 3) dialog: It's a heavy thing, your nothing. When I write or send fo or speak or reach, your nothings come. Like stones.
24) 11) dialog: I wouldn't if I could. I'm simpler than I used to be. I h at one time, many appetites. I wanted poetry and power an young men who create them both. I even wanted Henry, too, those days. Now, I've only one desire left: to see you Ki
24) 13) dialog: How my captivity has changed you. Henry meant to hurt me he's hacked you up instead. (Her hands rest on the top of the wall. They catch her eye. She raises the hand, looks at it) Men coveted this talon once. Henry was eighteen when we m and I was Queen of France.
24) 15) text: (The camera rises, higher and higher. As she goes on speaking, we see the two of them in the lovely frozen garden from high above. (Then shifting slowly, we begin to see the country- [ side beyond the wall. There are little scattered ; houses, small farms, neat fields. Here, a horse E moves down a black dirt path, drawing a wagon; there a group of young people -- children and adolescents -- are skating on a frozen pond. (We move closer to the young people, near enough to. see how happy, young and beautiful they are. I Through all this -) ELEANOR (Cont) He came down from the North to Paris with a mind like Aristotle's and a form like mortal sin. We shattered the Commandments on the spot. I spent three months annulling and in Spring, in May not far from here, we married. Youn Count Henry and his countess. But in three years' time, I his Queen and he was King of England. Done at twenty-one. Five years your junior, General.
24) 27) dialog: Not doubt the picture of your parents being fond does not in your gallery, but we were fond. There was no Thomas Be then, or Rosamund. No rivals - (Cut to ELEANOR, close up) - only me. And then Young Henry came and you and all the blossoms in my garden. (Looking straight at him. We see them both) yes, if I'd been sterile darling, I'd be happier today.
24) 29) dialog: What a waste. I've fought with Henry over who comes next, whose dawn it is and which son gets the sunset and we'll live to see it. Look at you. I loved you more than Henry it's cost me everything.
24) 31) dialog: I want us back the way we were.
24) 33) dialog: All right, then. I want the Aquitaine.
24) 35) dialog: We can win. I can get you Alais. I can make the marriage happen - but I've got to have the Aquitaine to do it. I m have it back.
24) 37) dialog: I'll write my will. "To Richard, everything." Would you believe me then? (She starts to go) Where's paper?
24) 44) dialog: And tears and turns to pudding in the rain. What can I do (He glares at her) I love you.
24) 46) dialog: Oh, don't you remember how you loved me? We were always h in hand. (She thrusts her hand in his) That's how it felt.
24) 48) dialog: This won't burn. I'll scratch a will on this. To Richard; everything. (She draws the knife across the flesh. We see the blood)
24) 50) dialog: (Softly, as they hold each other) Mother.
24) 51) dialog: See? You do remember.
30) 17) dialog: It's absolutely me. That's marvelous. (HENRY goes to her, takes some of the packages) I thought as long as I was coming down I'd bring them. (They move to the Christmas tree)
30) 19) dialog: You're such a child. You always ask.
30) 25) dialog: I never could deny you anything. (She sits at the base of the tree, starts arranging the boxes just so. Across the room, ALAIS starts to leave)
30) 30) dialog: You think he ought to give me back the Aquitaine?
30) 40) dialog: The boy keeps wondering if your promises are any good.
30) 42) dialog: Exactly what I told him.
30) 44) dialog: No Aquitaine for John.
30) 46) dialog: Love, in a world where carpenters get resurrected, anythi possible. (HENRY, angry, trying to suppress it, rises, dusts off. There is, as in all rooms, straw on the floor)
30) 48) dialog: Oh, heavens yes. Two hundred eighty days I bore him. I re it all. You'd only just found Rosamund.
30) 50) dialog: Countless others.
30) 56) text: 48 47 Continued O ELEANOR i Thomas Becket's. i (Cut to HENRY in close up)
30) 58) dialog: I know it.
30) 60) text: (Cut from ELEANOR, delighted, to HENRY furious and back to ELEANOR. Amused and musing - )
30) 63) dialog: Is that menace you're conveying? Is it to be torture? Wil S you boil me or stretch me, which? Or am I to be perfora (HENRY storms to the desk, grabs a pile of papers)
30) 65) dialog: How can you force me to? Threats? Sign or I refuse to fee your Tears? Oh, sign before my heart goes crack. Bribes, offers, deals. (They are on opposite sides of the desk, leaning across it toward each other) I'm like the earth, old man; there isn't any way around m
30) 67) dialog: Save your aching arches. That road's closed. | (They exchange looks. HENRY breaks it by sitting i at his desk, leaning back, very much at ease)
30) 71) dialog: A deal, a deal. I give the richest province on the Contin to John for what. You tell me, mastermind. For what. (HENRY, close up. Relishing it)
30) 73) dialog: Oh. (HENRY moves around the desk to her as he says)
30) 75) dialog: You're good. (She backs away as he nears her, stopping with her to a charming creche lit by flickering candles)
30) 77) dialog: Yes, I did. I even made poor Louis take me on Crusade. Ho that for blasphemy? I dressed my maids as Amazons and rod bare-breasted half way to Damascus. Louis had a seizure a damn near died of sun burn but the troops were dazzled. H I'm against the wall. (Cut to HENRY'S face. There is no pleasure on it. (Cut back to ELEANOR) To be a prisoner, to be bricked in when you've known the -- I'll never know how I've survived. These ten years, He have been unimaginable. And now you offer me the only thi want if I give up the only thing I treasure.
30) 83) dialog: Yes. Let's have it done. I'll sign. (Delight floods HENRY'S face. He bends over the desk fiddling with the papers as ELEANOR moves to the desk chair and sits) ELEANOR (Cont) On one condition.
30) 85) dialog: Have the wedding now. (Cut to HENRY, absolutely flummoxed. Then back to
30) 86) dialog: Why, I've surprised you. Surely it's not sudden. They've going down the aisle for sixteen years and that's a long John can be the best man -- that's a laugh -~ and you can the bride away. I'd love to watch you do it.
30) 88) dialog: And I thought you loved her.
30) 90) dialog: Thank God. You frightened me: I was afraid this wouldn't (HENRY wheels on her, livid. He is like a great cat, wanting to pounce, ready to explode into violence. She looks at him with vast and calculated indifference and casually says - ) I wonder, do you ever wonder if I slept with Geoffrey?
30) 100) dialog: It's not true but one hears rumors. Don't you ever wonder (Cut back and forth between them on each succeeding line. One of them is going to explode)
30) 102) dialog: No -- it's terrible.
30) 104) dialog: How? It's what I live for!
31) 0) text: (SERVANTS are standing formally in the hallway. WILLIAM MARSHAL is among them. He hurries forward to HENRY) You. Bring me a bishop. (ELEANOR appears in the doorway behind HENRY. She addresses MARSHAL)
31) 1) dialog: Get old Durham. He's just down the hall. (As MARSHAL bows, turns to go) Ask him to meet us in the chapel.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
33) 2) dialog: Richard's getting married. (The camera moves across all faces as they absorb the startling news)
33) 4) dialog: I never cease to marvel at the quickness of your mind.
34) 0) text: (He strides forward, throws open a door that gives into a corridor. (In the hall, a formal procession has been formed. ELEANOR has ALAIS by the hand and is leading her to
34) 2) dialog: You'll make a lovely bride. I wonder if I'll cry.
34) 4) dialog: And I do. (Everyone is in position. The group starts forward through the door and down the corridor)
34) 7) dialog: Not this time.
35) 14) dialog: I meant it all.
35) 76) dialog: I came close, didn't I. (She turns to ALAIS who stands near her) I almost had my freedom and I almost had you for my son. I should have liked it, being free. (She turns to HENRY. Cut to him. Seated comfortably in a pew, he gives an apologetic shrug-and-sigh to DURHAM) (Cut to DURHAM who, both bewildered and pleased to be dismissed, starts to leave the altar)
35) 81) text: 59 Continued (CUT back to ELEANOR) You played it nicely. You were good.
35) 83) dialog: Well, Henry, Hege and lord, what happens now? (Cut to HENRY as he rises, moves toward her)
35) 87) dialog: One thing.
35) 89) dialog: May I watch you kiss her? (Cut from her, close up, to HENRY close up)
35) 91) dialog: I watch you every night. I conjure it before I sleep.
35) 99) dialog: My curiosity is intellectual. I want to see how accurate (We see the three of them as HENRY opens his arms to ALAIS who stands close to him. ELEANOR is in the background, framed in the doorway)
37) 0) text: (Cut to a TREASURE CHEST piled high with jewels: bracelets, necklaces, huge rings, strands of pearls, a magnificent crown. (A hand appears. The hand has rings on every finger. It rummages among the jewels, finally selecting an enormous heavily bejeweled bib necklace. The camera draws back to reveal -- (ELEANOR. She is seated at a table in her room, alone. She has been putting on jewelry for quite some time, and bracelets; necklaces; she is covered with the stuff. Her face looks ravaged.
37) 2) dialog: How beautiful you make me. What might Solomon have sung h seen this.
37) 5) text: 63 Continued (There is a mirror on the table. She starts to pick it up, then stops) ELEANOR (Cont) I can't. I'd turn to salt. (Mask slipping for a moment) I've lost again. I'm done for now. (Finding the mask again) Well, there'll be other Christmases. (She takes an extremely elaborate necklace from the chest. Addressing it) I'd hang you from the nipples but you'd shock the childre (She puts it on. For a moment, her pain shows clearly) They kissed sweetly, didn't they. (Hardening again as she leans over the jewel chest) I'll have him next time. I can wait. Ah - there you are: (Cut to the crown in the chest. Voice over) My comfort and my company. (Her hands appear. She picks the crown up) We're locked in for another year: four seasons more. Oh, desolation, what a life's work. (GEOFFREY appears in the doorway some distance behind her. She turns, smiling brightly as she puts the crown on. She already wears a small coronet and the effect of two crowns on at once is a little: mad) Is it too much? Be sure to squint as you approach. You ma awed by my beauty
37) 7) dialog: Is that why you'[re here -- to tell me that?
37) 10) dialog: Here, Chancellor. Try it on for size.
37) 17) dialog: I don't know. (He is by the table, looking down at her. They are close)
37) 18) dialog: I'm weary and you want a simple answer and I haven't one. (Starting to remove the jewelry) Z I was thinking earlier of Peter Abelard. I was a Queen oS fifteen in those days and on dull afternoons I'd go wa Eloise watch Abelard spread heresy like bonemeal in the p gardens. Here the Seine and there the cypress trees and h bored me. Thought, pure thought, flashed clear as water a around me and all I could think about was how to make a C of a monkish husband. I'd like to hear the old man talk a I'd listen now. For my ambition's thin with age and all t mysteries are as plump as ever. (Looking up at GEOFFREY) I read minds. In yours, a shapely hand is writing, "Cleve Mother, what's your clever reason for this clever talk?" isn't clever but you'll make it so. (She reaches up, gently touches his cheek) I am so sick of all of you. (Cut to JOHN who pops jauntily into the room)
37) 26) dialog: Mother's tired. Come stick pins tomorrow morning. I'll be more responsive then.
37) 29) dialog: What's that, dear? (RICHARD strides into the picture)
37) 31) dialog: Why should it? I'm his prisoner anyway.
37) 33) dialog: We've lost it this time, Richard. We can't win.
37) 35) dialog: So I do. I've suffered more defeats than you have teeth. I know if and when it happens.to me. Take your wormwood l a good boy. Do it and go to bed.
37) 37) dialog: And so you will. But not this year. Oh, leave it, Richard Let it go for now.
37) 48) dialog: He has a knife. He always has a knife. We all have knives This is eighty-three and we're barbarians. (Her eyes rake across her children. We cut to them. Voice over) ELEANOR (Cont) How clear we make it. Oh, my piglets, we're the origins o war. (Cut back to ELEANOR, looking at them) Not history's forces nor the times nor justice nor the la it nor causes nor religions nor ideas nor kinds of govern nor any other thing. (Cut to ELEANOR close to RICHARD) We are the killers; we breed war. (Moving on to JOHN) We carry it, like syphilis, inside. (Moving on to GEOFFREY) Dead bodies rot in field and stream because the living on rotten.
37) 58) dialog: He's made a pact with Philip. (To GEOFFREY as he joins them) You advised John into making war. That peerless boy! He's disinherited himself. When Henry finds out, when I tell h what John's done -- I need a little time. Can you keep Jo away from Philip 'til I say so?
37) 64) dialog: I want you out of here before this breaks. And that needs Philip. Go to him. Be desperate, promise anything: the ve Brittany. Then once you're free and John is out of favor, we'll make further plans.
37) 66) dialog: You're a friend. you know him; I don't. (RICHARD looks at her expressionlessly, then starts to the door) And Richard. (He steps in the doorway) Promise anything. (Cut to RICHARD close up. He either loves his Mum or loathes her. This is loathing. As he turns and goes - (Cut to ELEANOR alone in the center of the room, as far from her as possible. As she turns round full circle - ) ELEANOR (Cont) I haven't lost. It isn't over. Oh, I've got the old man t time. The damn fool thinks he loves John. He believes it. That's where the Kris goes in. (Cut to her close up, all triumph gone) Knives, knives ... it was a fine thought, wasn't it. Oh, Henry, done a big thing badly. (She starts to look for something. We follow her gaze about the room. Voice over) Where's that mirror? I am Eleanor and I can look at anyth (The camera finds the mirror. Her hand appears, picks the mirror up. We see her reflection, wavy and distorted in the primitive glass) My, what a lovely girl. (The camera moves from the reflection to her face)
37) 69) text: (We move across the is quiet here. The 69 agonized face to HENRY'S. He of infinite tenderness. He is a large chair in the Parlor. is a great sense of warmth and they start slowly from the the corridor as they pass the the floor, arms flung, for It is a clear, cold night. the MEN are bundled up and 63 Continued © ELEANOR (Cont) How could her king have left ner?
38) 0) text: (Cut from ELEANOR'S wears an expression gazing down at ALAIS who lies drowsing in his arms. They are sitting in Candles glow; there peace.
54) 0) text: (Cut to an exterior door seen from outside. It opens. HENRY steps through, his face immobile, like a Greek mask. We follow him as he moves out into the freezing clear bright night, prowling along the battlements. Though he wears no robe or coat, he does not register the cold. (Cut to ALAIS shivering in the doorway, her face alive with love and compassion for her man. (Cut to HENRY from ALAIS'S POV. He is in the distance now, a small figure moving along the walls of a great castle. The castle looks like ivory in the moonlight. (Cut to a SOLDIER on Guard Duty. Heavily robed, he is nonetheless half frozen. He sees something, stiffens to attention. (Cut to HENRY moving along the battlements. We see him pass the shivering GUARD. (Cut to HENRY sitting, looking out over the same bit of wall from where he first caught sight of ELEANOR'S boat that morning. (Cut to the night from HENRY'S POV. We see ELEANOR'S boat anchored at the wharf. (Cut to HENRY looking at the boat. He shuts his eyes, unable to bear what he is thinking. He lies back, stretching out on the cold stone, and looks up at the sky. (The camera, following the rising mist of HENRY'S breath, turns up to the sky. It is cloudless, crammed with an infinity of stars.)
55) 8) dialog: No one else is caroling tonight: it might as well be Lent When I was little, Christmas was a time of great confusio me. The Holy Land had two kings, God and Uncle Raymond, a never knew whose birthday we were celebrating. (Reaching ALAIS, she looks fondly down at her)
55) 10) dialog: Good;.we can talk behind his back.
55) 12) dialog: Don't you know? ALAIS shakes her head. ELEANOR sits on the floor by her)
55) 18) dialog: Packed in, like the poor, three to a bed.
55) 20) dialog: Ever? Back before the flood?
55) 22) dialog: (Rising from the floor) Ah, that's pre-history, lamb; there are no written record survivors.
55) 24) dialog: (She moves to the rack where HENRY'S clothes hang, runs her hand absently among them) Oh, much. Her eyes in certain light were violet and all h teeth were even. That's a rare feature, even teeth. She smiled to excess but she chewed with real distinction. (Cut to ALAIS)
55) 26) dialog: No ... but I did. He put her in my place, you see, and th was very hard. Like you, she headed Henry's table: that's chair.
55) 34) dialog: That's a folktale. Oh, I prayed for her to drop and sang little when she did but even Circe had her limits. Why ar you happy? Henry's keeping you. You must be cleverer than am. (Cut to ALAIS moving toward ELEANOR)
55) 36) dialog: (Cut to ELEANOR looking up as ALAIS moves into the picture) Why pity?
55) 38) dialog: But I left him years ago.
55) 40) dialog: Most likely. Child, I'm finished and I've come to give hi anything he asks for.
55) 42) dialog: Alais, just for you. (Cut to ALAIS, close up. She understands and all the love and tenderness she used to feel for
55) 49) text: 93 Continued ELEANOR comes flooding back. With a small cry, she throws herself into ELEANOR'S arms. ELEANOR holds her, rocks her, like a child, gently back and forth)
55) 51) dialog: Alors, ma petite.
55) 53) dialog: (Taking up the little song in the middle) «+. the Christmas logs will glow, There's Christmas cheer and comfort here -- (Something catches her eye. She stops singing, turns. (Cut to HENRY standing in the doorway. He sees them but he doesn't really take them in. His manner is brisk, keyed high, with a kind of mad energy)
55) 55) dialog: You look cold.
55) 66) dialog: thinks I do. She thinks the need for loving never stops.
55) 68) dialog: At my age, there's not much traffic any more. (He hands her a goblet, raises his in a toast)
55) 75) dialog: Oh Henry, we have made a mess of it.
55) 77) dialog: Late nights do that to me. Am I puffy? (We follow HENRY as he strolls to the fireplace)
55) 79) dialog: I've just seen Richard. (Cut to HENRY, close up. He faces the fire, his back to her. His face reacts but his voice shows nothing of it)
55) 81) dialog: He says you fought. (Cut to HENRY)
55) 83) dialog: It's his impression that you plan to disinherit them.
55) 85) dialog: I don't much care. (Cut to HENRY close up as he turns sharply to face her.
55) 89) dialog: Henry, I'm so tired. (HENRY leaves the fireplace, starts moving toward her)
55) 93) dialog: So Henry, stop it.
55) 95) dialog: What is it you want? You want my name on paper, I'll sign anything. You want the Aquitaine for John? It's John's. I his, it's yours, it's anybody's.
55) 97) dialog: For nothing, for a little quiet, for an end to this, for sake, sail me back to England, lock me up and lose the ke let me be alone. (Cut to HENRY. He nods appreciatively. Then, raising his hands, he starts to applaud. (Cut to ELEANOR as the applause grows louder and louder) ( a You have my oath. I give my word. 4
55) 105) text: Continued (Cut to both of them. The applause grows thunderous, then cuts off abruptly. Bone weary, nodding, ELEANOR sinks into a chair) Oh, well. Well, well. (HENRY circles her like a dog that's trapped its prey)
55) 107) dialog: Like any thinking person, I should like to think there wa don't care whose or which -- some God. Not out of fear: d is a lark, it's life that stings. But if there were some then I'd exist in his imagination, like Antigone in Sopho I'd have no contradictions, no confusions, no waste parts misplaced elements and then, oh Henry, then I'd make some sense. I'd be a Queen in Arcady and not an animal in chao How, from where we started, did we ever reach this Christ
55) 109) dialog: What happens to me now? (We follow HENRY as he moves to his bed)
55) 111) dialog: Conquer China, sack the vatican or take the veil. I'm not among the ones who give a damn. Just let me sign my lands John and go to bed.
55) 120) dialog: Come on, man. I'll sign the thing in blood or spit or bri blue ink. Let's have it done.
55) 122) dialog: You don't?
55) 124) dialog: You don't want John to have my provinces?
55) 126) dialog: I can't bear you when you're smug. (HENRY grins up at her, reveling in it)
55) 128) dialog: You don't want Richard and you don't want John.
55) 130) dialog: All right, let me have it. Level me. What do you want?
55) 136) text: 76 99 Continued (Cut to ELEANOR, close up. She is utterly dismayed)
55) 137) dialog: Oh. (She sits slowly and carefully on the bed. HENRY rises, stands over her)
55) 139) dialog: So I'm to be annulled. Well, will the Pope annul me, do y think? (Cut to HENRY, wine goblet in hand)
55) 141) dialog: Out Eleanor, in Alais. Why? (Cut to HENRY. vehemently as he starts back to her)
55) 143) dialog: That is the single thing of which I should have thought y enough. (They stand face to face)
55) 145) dialog: Whatever for? Why we could populate a country town with country girls who've borne you sons. How many is it? Help count the bastards. i ij i i
55) 150) dialog: You really mean to do it.
55) 152) dialog: Your sons are part of you.
55) 154) dialog: We made them. They're our boys. (Cut to HENRY from the front. ELEANOR is in the background, behind him. All the grief is in his face, none in his voice)
55) 156) dialog: I thought you loved him most.
55) 158) dialog: Every family has one. (HENRY moves to her, sits in the other chair)
55) 170) dialog: Don't share John with me. He's your accomplishment.
55) 172) dialog: I was tired. I was busy. They were friends.
55) 174) dialog: (Rising to face him) You never wanted one.
55) 176) dialog: Whatever I have done, you made me do. HENRY . You threw me out of bed for Richard.
55) 177) dialog: Not until you threw me out for Rosamund.
55) 179) dialog: I adored you.
55) 182) dialog: I still do. (Cut to HENRY, close up)
55) 184) dialog: I know: that's why I saved it up for now. (Cut to HENRY close up, eyes blazing. (Cut to ELEANOR close up, burning with defiance. (Cut to include both as, after one more immobile moment, they throw themselves into each other's arms. They hold light, wanting shelter from the storm they've made) Oh, Henry, we have mangled everything we've touched.
55) 186) dialog: (Looking radiantly up at him) Down to the hour and the color of your stockings.
55) 188) dialog: It was raining but no matter.
55) 190) dialog: very little.
55) 203) dialog: In my eyes.
55) 205) dialog: No annulment.
55) 207) dialog: There will be no annulment.
55) 209) dialog: No, I'm afraid you'll have to do without.
55) 211) dialog: I'm so relieved. I didn't want to lose you. HENRY . (He starts to pace. We pull back, including them both) Out of curiosity, as intellectual to intellectual, how in name of bleeding Jesus can you lose me? Do you ever see m Am I with you? Ever near you? Am I ever anywhere but somewhere else? (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, delighted. HENRY leans forward into the picture) Do we write? Do I send messages? Do dinghies bearing gift float up the Thames to you? Are you remembered?
55) 218) dialog: You are.
55) 220) dialog: Can't you feel the chains?
55) 222) dialog: but I don't have to stop you. I have only to delay you. E enemy you have has friends in Rome. We'll cost you time.
55) 224) dialog: How many years? Suppose I hold you back for one: I can -- possible. Suppose your first son dies, ours did -- it's possible. Suppose you're daughtered next. We were -- that too, is possible. How old is Daddy then? (Cut to HENRY looking grim. Then back to ELEANOR) What kind of spindly, ricket-ridden, milky, semi-witted, wizened, dim-eyed, gammy-handed, limpy line of things wil beget? (Cut to HENRY looking grimmer)
55) 226) dialog: And when you die, which is regrettable but necessary, wha happen to frail Alais and her pruney prince? you can't th Richard's going to wait for your grotesque to grow. (Cut to HENRY)
55) 232) dialog: Let him? I'd push him through the nursery door. (Cut to HENRY)
55) 234) dialog: Don't fret. We'll wait until you're dead to do it. (HENRY moves to her, into the picture)
55) 236) dialog: (Circling him as earlier he circled her) Just what you want, a king for a son. You can make more. can't. You think I want to disappear. One son is all I've and you can blot him out and call me cruel. For these ten years you've lived with everything I've lost and loved an woman through it all. And I'm cruel. I could peel you lik pear and God himself would call it justice. Nothing I cou to you is wanton. Nothing is too much. (Cut to ELEANOR moving down the corridor toward him)
55) 237) dialog: You go to Rome, we'll rise against you. (Cut to HENRY as ELEANOR moves into the picture)
55) 239) dialog: Richard, Geoffrey, John and Eleanor of Aquitaine.
55) 241) dialog: There'll be pork in the treetops come the morning. Don't you see: You've given them a common cause: new sons. You the country and you've lost it.
55) 247) dialog: And Philip, too. He'd join us.
55) 249) dialog: Now how's your trip to Rome? (Cut to HENRY, cornered, beaten. Voice over) Oh, I've got you, got you, got you.
55) 251) dialog: Bluff away. I love it. (He starts moving forward toward her. She begins retreating. We keep with them as they edge their way back into the bedroom)
55) 253) dialog: Have I? How? ,
55) 255) dialog: You wouldn't keep your sons locked up here?
55) 257) dialog: You don't dare.
55) 268) dialog: I forbid it! (Cut to HENRY)
55) 270) dialog: Did your father sleep with me or didn't he? (HENRY, close to camera, stops. Color drains from his face. It is a thought he cannot bear. He turns toward her)
55) 272) dialog: Would it upset you?
55) 274) dialog: Don't leave me, Henry. I'm at rock bottom. I'11 do anythi to keep you.
55) 279) dialog: Ask for something.
55) 281) dialog: Test me. Name an act.
55) 283) dialog: About my fornication with your father -- (We pull back slightly as HENRY moves forward and ELEANOR steps backward. She finds herself against the foot of the bed)
55) 285) dialog: you first, old man. I only hope I'm there to watch. You'r afraid of dying. You're so scared of it.
55) 287) dialog: (She sits on the bed, starts to stretch out) She did. She said she never loved your father.
55) 289) dialog: I never touched you without thinking "Geoffrey, Geoffrey. (Cut to HENRY from ELEANOR'S POV. He is on the bed, crouched over her)
55) 297) dialog: I've put more horns on you than Louis ever wore. (Cut to show them both; she on the bed, he crouched over her)
55) 299) dialog: I'll kill you if you leave me.
55) 301) dialog: I loved your father's body. He was beautiful.
55) 303) dialog: I can see his body now. Shall I describe it?
55) 305) dialog: His arms were rough, with scars here --
55) 307) dialog: I can feel his arms. I feel them.
55) 313) dialog: What's that? Have I hurt you? (Cut to include both of them on the bed)
55) 315) dialog: We did it! You were in the next room when he did it. (Cut to doorway again as HENRY moves past the camera into the corridor. Then, slowly we move across the room, closer and closer to ELEANOR. Her face is a picture of total desolation) Well, what family doesn't have its ups and downs) a . (She rises from the bed) It's cold. (She sees the brazier, moves it, huddles down to it for warmth) I can't feel anything. Not anything at all. (Her hands and face are close to the coals. We move closer and closer) We couldn't go back, could we, Henry. (We fade slowly on her desolate and anguished face. The moment we reach black -
58) 1) text: 97 Continued (Dawn is about 45 minutes away. The sky is lightening a little. He looks up at ELEANOR'S window)
59) 0) text: (Cut to ELEANOR at the window, as we saw her last, looking out)
60) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY in the courtyard, seen from above. The yard is a mass of wagons, horses, SERVANTS & SOLDIERS, torches. HENRY grins up at the window and blows a kiss. (Cut to ELEANOR as, with sudden decision, she leaves the window and crosses her room toward the door)
62) 0) text: (Cut to ELEANOR moving along a corridor. the wall torches have long since gutted out. the only light comes from a small torch carried by the One-Armed GUARD who follows at a polite distance)
64) 0) text: (Cut to the Parlor door from the inside as it opens out. ELEANOR moves through. The only light is the dim, distorting flicker of her GUARD'S torch. He remains by the doorway as she moves toward the Christmas tree. Near it, she stops, eyes bright, looking thoughtfully at the presents underneath the tree)
68) 39) text: 122 116 Continued QO) (Cut to ELEANOR in shadows. She turns to her GUARD. He is very close to her now. She nods. They exchange a look of understanding. The GUARD draws a short, blunt, heavy dagger and starts stealthily forward. (We see them all: ELEANOR tensely watching; her GUARD edging forward, pressed along the curving wall; the SOLDIER in the recess, unaware but listening. , (Eleanor's GUARD stops just before the recess. He crouches, ready to leap. Both he and the SOLDIER wear armor from the waist up. The GUARD raises dagger. His armor squeaks. (The SOLDIER spins at the sound. The GUARD leaps. His knife flashes down, glancing harmlessly on the SOLDIER'S armor. (They face each other in the confines of the recess. There is no room. They feint, armor making the moves heavy and slow. The SOLDIER lunges. His dagger slides and scrapes along the - GUARD'S armor, searching for a point of entry. Oo The only sounds are natural ones: grunts, heavy breathing, the clank and rattle of armor, the squeal of dagger points on steel. (It's all so clumsy. Every move is graceless. Nothing works. The walls keep getting in the way. they wheeze and stumble. It is ludicrous -- and it is this that gives the fight its special horror.
68) 40) text: (Eleanor's GUARD is thrown clear of the recess. He ) lunges back. They fall, rolling and clanking about i in the shadowed niche. Slow-moving arms and ) thrashing legs. ! (We pull back to include ELEANOR. She wills herself to watch. There is a strangled cry. One ) pair of legs goes into spasm. She goes on watching as her GUARD rises, keys to the door in hand. i (Cut to the Wine Cellar. JOHN, RICHARD & GEOFFREY | are where we saw them last. JOHN lies sprawled out, asleep. RICHARD, apparently placid, lies starting at nothing. GEOFFREY sits, tense, his face a picture of concentration. The tiny candle on the floor is guttering out.
68) 42) text: 116 Continued O (Echoing down long corridors comes the distinct rattle of chains and bolts on the cellar door. JOHN wakes with a start. The others stiffen. (Cut to ELEANOR passing through the cellar door. Her GUARD, now wearing enough of the dead SOLDIER'S uniform to pass for a soldier himself, closes the door and stands by it, guard-like. (Cut back to the boys. They exchange looks as the sound of the closing door reverberates and dies. RICHARD is the first to rise)
68) 46) text: I (We lose them as they go around a corner. | (Cut to the three of them crouching along. Far ahead of them, we make out an area of brighter ' light. (Cut to RICHARD, the others just behind him, moving into brighter light. He registers surprise. (Cut to ELEANOR. She is standing in the center of the large room near the cellar door. Several candles flicker on the walls. She carries the Christmas present)
68) 47) dialog: C) My barge is leaving at eleven and I've come to say goo
68) 53) dialog: I've brought you each a little something.
68) 56) dialog: (Moving toward a crude wooden table) I picked them out especially.
68) 59) dialog: That's taken care of.
68) 61) dialog: They're putting Henry's train together and it's chaos. Yo walk right out.
68) 74) dialog: Don't listen to him. Take the knives and run.
68) 76) dialog: Get out.
68) 78) dialog: You don't think I'm going to let this happen?
68) 88) dialog: You're clever but I wonder if you're right. (Just ELEANOR & GEOFFREY now, close up)
68) 90) dialog: (Not very loud) Guard.
68) 92) dialog: I'll have him take the knives away. (Cut to RICHARD)
68) 94) dialog: Then run away; escape. You've still got time. (Cut to RICHARD)
68) 96) dialog: You, too? Oh, Richard.
68) 98) dialog: You're not an assassin. You're my Richard and you love me
68) 102) dialog: Yes, do. Come let me hold you.
68) 104) dialog: That's not true.
68) 106) dialog: You unnatural animal. (Cut to RICHARD as he starts moving slowly toward ELEANOR. When he gets close to her, she starts edging away, back toward the dank stone walls. He follows, pressing her)
68) 108) dialog: No, you're not mine. I'm not responsible.
68) 110) dialog: Young ... I don't know.
68) 116) dialog: But those were battles, not a knife behind a door.
68) 118) dialog: Of you.
68) 120) dialog: I did it all for you.
68) 122) dialog: No, never that.
68) 124) dialog: Yes!
68) 126) dialog: I wanted Henry back. (It is an answer he cannot bear. He turns away, moving out of the picture)
68) 128) dialog: I wanted Henry. (She looks about, eyes on her children. (Cut to RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY from ELEANOR'S POV. Voice over)
68) 135) text: 116 Continued ELEANOR (Cont) Isn't there a chair? (We follow JOHN as he moves to her and hands her a glass of wine)
68) 137) dialog: I've done without it this long. I'11l endure. (She raises the glass and drinks. (Cut to GEOFFREY as he moves to RICHARD)
68) 139) dialog: Poor lambs; you don't dare let me stay here and you don't let me out. Dear me, whatever shall we do with Mother?
68) 145) dialog: You look dreadful.
68) 147) dialog: I underslept a little.
68) 172) dialog: (Voice over, sharp and commanding) Go on. (HENRY turns to look at her as she moves into the picture) Execute them. They're assassins, aren't they? this was treason wasn't it? You gave them life -- you take it. (They exchange a long look. Then HENRY'S eyes leave her and travel to his sons. (Cut to the sons from HENRY'S POV. They are hardly breathing, save for JOHN who is whimpering on the floor. (Cut to HENRY as his eyes return to ELEANOR)
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
68) 179) dialog: You spare the rod, you'll spoil those boys. OC) (Cut to HENRY, huddled on the floor) f i
68) 186) dialog: Nobody thought you could. (Cut to HENRY)
68) 189) dialog: Did I?
68) 191) dialog: The next time or the next.
68) 193) dialog: (Her gaze shifting toward HENRY) Except the prize. (Cut to HENRY wearily getting to his feet. ALAIS moves into the picture)
68) 209) dialog: That's touching. Is it for my benefit? (We see all three of them as HENRY whirls angrily at her) :
68) 211) dialog: Get out. Go on. Go. (ALAIS moves toward the door, out of the picture as HENRY, like a great cat, moves to ELEANOR) I should have killed you years ago.
68) 212) dialog: There's no one peeking. Do it now.
68) 214) dialog: Is this a play for pity? (Cut to HENRY)
68) 218) dialog: Shoulder it yourself. Don't put it on my back. You've don what you have done and no one but yourself has made you d Pick it up and carry it, I can. My losses are my work.
68) 220) dialog: Lost your life's work, have you? Provinces are nothing. L is dirt. (ELEANOR'S face, close up) I've lost you and I can't ever have you back again. (Cut back to both of them) You haven't suffered. I could take defeats like yours and laugh. I've done it. If you're broken, it's because you'r brittle. (Cut to her face, close up) You are all that I have ever loved. Christ, you don't kno what nothing. (A shudder passes through her, like a stab of physical pain) I want to die. (Cut to HENRY. Initial doubt is followed by terrible dismay)
68) 222) dialog: I want to die.
68) 227) dialog: {Lacking the strength to stand, sinking to the floor) I want to die.
68) 229) dialog: Henry, I want to die.
68) 231) dialog: (Surprised by a smile she didn't expect) So it will. (He takes her hands. We start moving away from them, farther and farther until, at the end, they are two little figures huddled on the cold floor of a great dark place)
68) 233) dialog: It's the way I register despair. There's everything in li but hope.
68) 235) dialog: (Cut to her, close up) We're jungle creatures, Henry, and the dark is all around (Her eyes range the room. (Cut to the room from her POV. We see shadows, dark places, hints of movement as if great rats were stirring. voice over)
68) 237) dialog: In the corners, you can see the eyes.
68) 239) dialog: I should have been a great fool not to love you. (HENRY nods in brisk agreement, bends down, helps her up. They start toward the cellar door)
69) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ELEANOR as they reach the top of the stairs, emerging into the bright golden sunlight of the courtyard. The day is glorious. They pause for a moment, drinking it in. Then HENRY turns to her and says - )
69) 2) dialog: (Drawing back, not ready) So soon?
69) 4) dialog: You'll let me out for Easter?
69) 6) dialog: (Alive again, ready for anything) Perhaps I'll do it next time.
69) 17) dialog: It must be late and I don't want to miss the tide. 118
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)
70) 10) dialog: I hope so, too.