2) 5) dialog: (Turning to MARSHAL) Father wants to see me. (MARSHAL nods) Where and when?
11) 0) text: (We see the yard from JOHN'S POV. GEOFFREY, on horseback, is riding toward us. He waves back. The yard is a mob scene, crammed with SOLDIERS, SERVANTS, PEASANTS, tents, outdoor kitchens, livestock, poultry, horses, the lot. The SOLDIERS are lined up for morning chow. (JOHN threads his way through it all, reaching GEOFFREY as he dismounts)
11) 1) dialog: (As they hug each other roughly) Johnny.
13) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and GEOFFREY in the courtyard. There is a great clatter of horse's hooves behind them. they stop and turn. Cut to - (RICHARD arriving in the yard at full gallop. He reins in with great bravado and leaps from his horse. Cut to - (GEOFFREY starting toward RICHARD with a friendly wave of greeting. JOHN, glaring sullenly at RICHARD, hangs back, then follows GEOFFREY. Cut to - (RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY crossing the courtyard toward the stables. RICHARD leads his horse)
13) 1) dialog: Ah, Christmas; warm and rosy time. The hot wine steams, t Yule it roars and we're the fat that's in the fire. She'l here soon, you know.
13) 4) dialog: Does she still want you to be king?
15) 0) text: (Cut to the castle from ELEANOR'S POV. JOHN, - RICHARD & GEOFFREY are standing there, by the Main Gate. (Cut to ELEANOR. Pleased and proud) Oh, but I do have handsome children.
16) 2) dialog: No.
17) 0) text: (Cut to a broad hallway by a large closed door. ELEANOR is just reaching the door, RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY strung out behind her)
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 60) dialog: And I'm to be his Chancellor. Has he told you? John will there while I run it. That's to say, he gets to spend the taxes that I get to him.
19) 62) dialog: It's not as nice as being king.
19) 64) dialog: No one ever thinks of crown and mentions Geoff. What is t
19) 66) dialog: It isn't power that I feel deprived of; it's the mention miss. There's no affection for me here. You wouldn't thin I'd want that, would you? (He is going as he says this. Cut to ELEANOR bleakly watching him go. ‘ELEANOR Henry, I have a confession.
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
23) 12) dialog: And what's the nothing Geoffrey gets?
23) 62) text: 40 Continued (He starts to move off with dignity but can't keep it up. Bursting into tears, he breaks into a run. i (ELEANOR, RICHARD & GEOFFREY start moving thoughtfully across the yard, past squatting figures, small groups of SOLDIERS drinking. Dogs bar. The wind blows)
23) 63) dialog: Well, Mummy, if you want me, here I am.
23) 65) dialog: And you've gained one.
23) 67) dialog: She doesn't trust me. (They stop by a stone well in the yard. GEOFFREY perches on it. RICHARD, always wary, stands apart. In the distance, CAROLERS appear, singing something jolly)
23) 69) dialog: I know. You know I know, I know you know I know, we know Henry knows and Henry knows we know it. We're a knowledge family. Will Richard take me for his Chancellor or won't
23) 71) dialog: He can't win -- but you can, with me to help you. I can h John. He'll swallow anything I tell him and I'1l take him i the hand and walk him into the trap you set. |
23) 79) dialog: Not yet, Mummy, but I'm working on it. I don't care who's King, but you and Henry do. I want to watch the two of yo picnicking on one another.
23) 81) dialog: What? And miss the fun of selling you? (He starts off, turns back, spits it at her) Madam, may you rot.
26) 6) text: 42 Continued (We pull back to see GEOFFREY seated at the table with him. They are in a small, quiet chamber by an open fire. MARSHAL bows and goes)
26) 7) dialog: (He makes a move, then says in the most conversational way) Of course, you know there's not a word of truth to Henry' terms.
26) 9) dialog: What if it's an offer?
26) 11) dialog: What if I were King?
27) 0) text: (JOHN in his bedroom. “He sits hunched up on the end of his bed, drinking from a bottle. The sound of a door opening. He looks up, glaring. (Cut to GEOFFREY briskly entering the room. As GEOFFREY hurries toward him, JOHN says --)
27) 2) dialog: (Hurrying up to him) You're angry. Good. Now, here's my plan.
27) 4) dialog: We've got to make a deal with Philip.
27) 12) dialog: Because you're out and Richard's in.
27) 14) dialog: A war. If we three join and fight now we can finish Richa off.
27) 16) dialog: And Mother too. Well, do we do it? Is it on?
27) 18) dialog: You haven't time. We're extra princes now. You know where extra princes go?
27) 22) dialog: Do you? If John asks for your soldiers, will he get them?
27) 24) dialog: John, you hear that?
27) 39) dialog: Let me help. It's either Richard on the throne or you.
32) 0) text: (We see quick cuts of SERVANTS running. Then brief shots of JOHN, PHILIP, GEOFFREY, RICHARD & ALAIS as each turns sharply, startled. Then short glimpses of each of them racing along, tearing upstairs, downstairs, through halls and corridors.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
35) 75) dialog: I'm happy for us both. (GEOFFREY throws a loving arm around JOHN'S shoulders as they start out, past ELEANOR. We stay with ELEANOR)
37) 5) text: 63 Continued (There is a mirror on the table. She starts to pick it up, then stops) ELEANOR (Cont) I can't. I'd turn to salt. (Mask slipping for a moment) I've lost again. I'm done for now. (Finding the mask again) Well, there'll be other Christmases. (She takes an extremely elaborate necklace from the chest. Addressing it) I'd hang you from the nipples but you'd shock the childre (She puts it on. For a moment, her pain shows clearly) They kissed sweetly, didn't they. (Hardening again as she leans over the jewel chest) I'll have him next time. I can wait. Ah - there you are: (Cut to the crown in the chest. Voice over) My comfort and my company. (Her hands appear. She picks the crown up) We're locked in for another year: four seasons more. Oh, desolation, what a life's work. (GEOFFREY appears in the doorway some distance behind her. She turns, smiling brightly as she puts the crown on. She already wears a small coronet and the effect of two crowns on at once is a little: mad) Is it too much? Be sure to squint as you approach. You ma awed by my beauty
37) 6) dialog: Merry Christmas.
37) 9) dialog: I thought you might be lonely. (ELEANOR removes the crown, holds it out to him)
37) 11) dialog: It's puzzling. I remember my third birthday. Not just pictures of the garden or the gifts but who did what to w and how it felt. My memory stretches back that far and ne once can I remember anything from you or father warmer th indifference. Why is that?
37) 52) text: 63 Continued (We see them all as she draws them close together) For the love of God, can't we love one another just a lit that's how peace begins. We have so much to love each oth for. We have such possibilities, my children. We could ch the world. (They want to be loved. She wants to love them. As she starts to reach out for RICHARD, GEOFFREY says - )
37) 53) dialog: And while we hugged each other, what would Philip do? (Cut to JOHN in total dismay)
37) 55) dialog: Steady, John; don't panic.
37) 57) dialog: Don't do anything without me. Let me handle it. (Cut to ELEANOR, RICHARD beside her. She is alive again)
37) 59) dialog: Anything you say. (He kisses her hand and bounds from the room as she turns to RICHARD)
42) 3) dialog: (Whispering, voice over) Philip?
44) 0) text: (GEOFFREY in the hallway as he taps again. PHILIP opens the door. GEOFFREY slips in, closes it behind him. He is keyed high; quiet, tense, excited)
44) 1) dialog: It's working out. By morning I can be the chosen son. the crown can come to me. Are you still with me? (PHILIP nods)
45) 5) text: Continued (GEOFFREY nods. PHILIP looks at him speculatively)
45) 6) dialog: Are we allies, then?
45) 8) dialog: I should say something solemn but I haven't time. (Half way to the door) I'm off to Father with the news that John's a traitor. Af that -- (Cut to JOHN as, livid, he charges out from behind a tapestry)
45) 10) dialog: Come along. We're finished here. (Cut to JOHN, looking wildly about the room)
45) 12) dialog: Dumb. If you're a prince, there's hope for every ape in Africa. (He goes to one knee beside JOHN as JOHN sits up)
46) 2) dialog: May we?
46) 51) text: Possibly to Geoffrey. And what else? i
47) 91) dialog: Who shall we thank for Geoffrey? (Moving to HENRY) You don't think much of me.
47) 93) dialog: Nurse used to say I had your hands. I might have more of Try seeing me. I haven't Richard's military skill but he here betraying you, not I. I haven't John's I don't know -- God knows what you can see in John -- and he's betraye too. (Cut to JOHN who, red with rage, peeps through a slit in the tapestry. (Cut to the room from JOHN'S POV)
47) 95) dialog: You'll make me king because I'm all you've got. (Pointing to RICHARD) I was to be his Chancellor. Ask him why.
47) 97) dialog: For moving John to treason. (Cut to HENRY, close up)
47) 103) text: 85 67X2 Continued (Cut to GEOFFREY who steps to the tapestry)
47) 104) dialog: Like a glutton loves his lunch. (He pulls the tapestry back, revealing JOHN. JOHN glares at GEOFFREY with pure loathing)
47) 124) dialog: I'm it, I'm all that's left. (Cut to HENRY and his three sons) GEOFFREY (Cont) Here, Father; here I am. (We move toward HENRY, closer and closer to his unseeing eyes)
57) 0) text: (Cut to the dim, grim silence of the wine cellar. We see rough, damp, dripping stone wall in flickering light. We follow the wall down and, as we reach the floor, discover JOHN & RICHARD. (THEY are sitting on the floor, a candle between them. Behind them is a wine barrel. They are drinking. As we pull back, we see GEOFFREY standing a bit apart from them)
57) 2) dialog: ‘If I were you, I'd worry.
57) 5) dialog: And if I were Father, I'm not sure I'd keep the three of all. (He crouches down beside them. To RICHARD) You don't take prisoners, no you don't. And with good rea Dungeon doors can swing both ways but caskets have no hin
57) 7) dialog: John, the condition of your trousers, be they wet or dry, not concern me less. I think I'm apt to die today and I a sweating, John. I'm sweating cold.
68) 40) text: (Eleanor's GUARD is thrown clear of the recess. He ) lunges back. They fall, rolling and clanking about i in the shadowed niche. Slow-moving arms and ) thrashing legs. ! (We pull back to include ELEANOR. She wills herself to watch. There is a strangled cry. One ) pair of legs goes into spasm. She goes on watching as her GUARD rises, keys to the door in hand. i (Cut to the Wine Cellar. JOHN, RICHARD & GEOFFREY | are where we saw them last. JOHN lies sprawled out, asleep. RICHARD, apparently placid, lies starting at nothing. GEOFFREY sits, tense, his face a picture of concentration. The tiny candle on the floor is guttering out.
68) 44) dialog: Why, you chivalric fool -- as if the way one fell down mattered.
68) 52) dialog: Does Henry know you're here?
68) 54) dialog: What's he planning?
68) 68) dialog: Why run at all? I think we ought to stay.
68) 70) dialog: 'Til Henry comes. (He turns toward ELEANOR. Cut to her. voice as -) He will come, won't he -- (Cut to GEOFFREY, turning back to his brother) --- and he'll come alone. I count three knives to one.
68) 73) dialog: The three of us together. We must all three do it. (Cut to ELEANOR as she moves angrily to them)
68) 75) dialog: And miss this opportunity?
68) 77) dialog: (To RICHARD) I'll be behind the door with John. You'll want to do it f the back. (He turns to ELEANOR) And you, you lucky girl, you get to see the pageant.
68) 87) dialog: If you tell, there'll be a rash of executions and you don want that. If you don't want to lose a one of us: not eve
68) 89) dialog: You warn him, it's the end of us: you warn him not and it end of him. It's that clear.
68) 91) dialog: Go on, dear. Call again and pitch it up a little.
68) 138) dialog: She'll warn him. I was wrong. She'll do it if she gets th chance. (Cut to ELEANOR as, finding the strength from somewhere she advances on them)
68) 140) dialog: (Moving into the picture. With deadly intent) offhand, there are several possibilities. (The sound of chains and bolts being drawn on the door is clearly heard. GEOFFREY freezes. (Cut to the door as Eleanor's GUARD opens it. We see HENRY'S head only -- his face ashen, his eyes unblinking, fixed straight ahead -- as he passes through the door. ALAIS, holding a lighted taper, follows. (Cut to GEOFFREY who, recovering, turns to RICHARD. (Cut to RICHARD, looking toward GEOFFREY, ready to do the deed if GEOFFREY is. There is the sound of running. RICHARD turns.
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)