0) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY PLANTAGENET close up. His eyes are bright, his teeth bared in a grin of fierce excitement. The picture is frozen and the title remains as we pull back enough to see bright blue i sky, green field, with a festive Camelot-like little tent in the distance. HENRY, we now see, is ! poised for dueling, sword in hand. (HENRY is 50, an age at which, in his time, men were either old or dead. Not HENRY. very nearly all he ever was, he is enjoying that final rush of physical and mental vigor that comes to some men not before the end but just before the state of the decline. (As the title fades, the pictures starts to move and HENRY barks out - )
0) 1) dialog: Come on. Come for me. (He brings his sword down and the duel begins. His OPPONENT, whom we see from behind, charges at him, raining blow after blow. HENRY parries only, never striking back, always retreating. (They fight across the field. Suddenly, HENRY, moving backwards, trips and falls. With a cry, his OPPONENT charges at him. Effortlessly, HENRY strikes his first blow. The OPPONENT'S sword flies from his hand as he sprawls flat out on the ground. HENRY bounds to his feet, moves to his fallen opponent and looks down. i
0) 2) text: (Cut to the OPPONENT from HENRY'S POV. It's JOHN, his son of 16, who, in 18 years, was to become the worst king in English history. Still pudgy with baby fat, he has a round open face that is enchanting when he smiles. He is frightened now and shaken up. (Cut to HENRY from JOHN'S POV. He glares down, sword in hand. Then, with a quick, gruff smile he reaches down and yanks JOHN to his feet) |
0) 3) dialog: You're gaining on it, Johnny.
0) 8) dialog: Off you go, now. Run along and practice. (JOHN picks up his sword, starts across the field toward a KNIGHT, his dueling master who stands waiting. HENRY, a look of affection on his face as he looks after JOHN, turns and starts across the field toward the little tent. He waves. We can just make out a figure by the tent. It waves j back.)
1) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and the KNIGHT. JOHN casts a look in HENRY'S direction. There is no love lost. As he turns back and dueling practice begins - (Cut to tent. Food for a royal picnic is hand- somely arranged. The FIGURE we saw is a girl. HENRY lies, his head on her lap. (Cut to the GIRL, close up. ALAIS CAPET is 23 and exquisitely beautiful. She is like a fine porcelain figure - fragile, delicate, pure, the only person in this story easy to break. She is happily and desperately in love with HENRY; it's all over her as she looks down at him)
1) 2) dialog: He'll make a good king. He'll be ready. (Cut to JOHN & THE KNIGHT. JOHN flailing away stumbles and staggers about. Cut back to HENRY &
1) 5) dialog: (He sits up, takes a chicken leg from a platter, starts devouring it) There is a legend of a King called Lear with whom I have in common. Both of us have kingdoms and three children we adore and both of us are old. But there it stops. He cut kingdom into bits. I can't do that. I've built an empire: of England, half of France. It all goes where I say it go and I say John. ALAIS i I'm going to lose you, Henry, aren't I? and novices, whores, gypsies, jades and little boys but n in God's western world have I found anyone to love but yo And Rosamund. She's dead.
1) 7) dialog: The new medusa, my good wife.
1) 9) dialog: Decaying, I suppose. No, don't be jealous of the gorgon; is not among the things I love. How many husbands do you who lock their wives away? I haven't kept the great bitch the keep for ten years out of passionate attachment. Ah - there's Captain Marshal.
1) 10) dialog: Alais, in my time, I've known contessas, milkmaids, court
1) 12) dialog: i (He sees something across the field) (He rises, beckons, calls) William. EXT. CASTLE ’ (Cut to full view of the field from beyond the ; tent. We are not in countryside at all but rather | just outside the great wall of a castle. Along the wall, SERVANTS, SOLDIERS and ATTENDANTS for the a
1) 13) text: 6 Continued royal picnic stand at the ready. On horseback, riding past them toward Henry is WILLIAM MARSHAL. Cut to - (MARSHAL in close up. He is 35 and looks like the distinguished soldier he is. A rugged face but honest, open and friendly. He was totally devoted to Henry and his children and through all their wars and conflicts somehow managed always to be loyal to all of them. Cut to - (HENRY, aS MARSHAL stands before him, bowing)
1) 14) dialog: We will be holding Christmas Court at Chinon. We have ask the King of France to join us. I want Richard there. And Geoffrey. Find my boys and tell them so. And then go fetc the Queen from Salisbury Tower.
1) 16) dialog: Eleanor? She wouldn't miss this for the world. (Cut to MARSHAL riding across the field away from the castle. Cut to - (HENRY & ALAIS standing side by side at the tent, watching him go)
1) 17) dialog: I'm afraid it's going to be a family Christmas.
1) 19) dialog: What of?
5) 0) text: (HENRY close up. He is asleep in bed. The camera draws back and we see ALAIS next to him. She is awake, motionless. She hasn't slept. We keep on drawing back, taking in - (HENRY'S room. Bare, cold, undecorated. Chairs, chests, tables - all heavy wood and crude - tapestries. Clothes are hung in the open from a pole that runs along the wall.)
7) 0) text: (HENRY as his eyes fly open. The bell continues tolling as HENRY, bursting with energy, sits bolt upright in bed, throws the covers off and bounds up. It was the universal custom of the time to sleep naked and there is a glimpse of bodies as
7) 7) dialog: (As he breaks the ice, splashes water on his face) It's going to be a jungle of a day. If I start growling n I'll never last. {Cut to ALAIS on the bed, robe over her shoulders, starting to dress)
7) 9) dialog: (Drying his face with a towel) In these rooms, Alais, on this Christmas, I have all the enemies I need.
7) 11) dialog: Are you one? Has my willow turned to poison oak?
7) 13) dialog: Not much.
8) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS, dressed now, moving down a corridor. They pass an occasional SERVANT who
8) 7) dialog: You don't know what they are.
8) 9) dialog: So does Eleanor. She knows young Henry's dead. The Young died in summer and I haven't named an heir. She knows I w John on the throne and I know she wants Richard. We are v frank about it.
9) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS at a table eating breakfast. They eat, as was the custom, with spoons and fingers from a common bowl that sits on the table between them)
9) 2) dialog: Why can't you? Johnny wouldn't mind.
9) 4) dialog: He's a good boy. ;
9) 6) dialog: He's just sixteen; he can't help the pimples.
10) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding briskly down a corridor, ALAIS hurrying after him. The corridor is more crowded now. There are KNIGHTS and HIGH CLERGYMEN who, as HENRY passes, stop and bow. HENRY ignores it all, striding on until - (He reaches a niche in the corridor. He stops abruptly, turns on ALAIS)
10) 1) dialog: It isn't such a dreadful thing to be a Queen of England. all eyes will weep for you.
10) 3) dialog: I don't know. very likely.
10) 5) dialog: You know you can't. Your little brother Philip's King of France now and he wants your wedding or your dowry back. only took you for your dowry. You were seven; two big kne and two big eyes and that's all. How was I to know? (We pull back as HENRY moves to kiss her lightly. There is a sound of running down the corridor. It's JOHN. He slows down as he sees his father and fiancee kissing. He doesn't like it. (Sensing someone. HENRY turns, takes JOHN in)
10) 6) dialog: What's wrong, lad?
12) 0) text: (Cut to an enormous Christmas tree, close up, as it is being raised to standing position. (Pull back to see HENRY nodding at the tree in brisk approval. ALAIS stands near him, wanting to speak but hesitant. We are in the Parlor, a fairly spacious place which functioned as a kind of Family Room. There are the usual tapestries, some furniture, a desk and scattered about, piles of holly boughs. (HENRY turns to leave the room. ALAIS stops him, saying
12) 2) dialog: I can't. The Vexin is a little country but it's vital to
12) 4) dialog: ‘It's been my luck to fall in love with landed women. Whe married I thought: "You lucky man. The richest woman in t world. She owns the Aquitaine, the greatest province on t Continent -- and beautiful as well." She was, you know. a |
12) 7) dialog: Memory fails. There may have been an era when I did. (As he arranges a loose lock of her hair) Let's have one strand askew; nothing in life has nay busi perfect. If I say you and I are done, we're done. If I sa marry John, it's John. I'll have you by me and I'll use y as I like. ,
14) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ALAIS. He is seated at a desk, busily going through state papers)
14) 2) dialog: We love each other deeply.
14) 4) dialog: Because we fight? Tell me they all three want the crown, tell you it's a feeble prince that doesn't. They may snap me and plot and that makes them the kind of sons I want. snapped and plotted all my life. There is no other way to King, alive and fifty all alone.
14) 9) text: (Cut to the walk that runs along the top of the castle wall. HENRY is pacing impatiently, repeatedly looking out in expectation toward the River Vienne that runs quite near, below them. ALAIS, with great determination is saying -) 27 15 Continued
14) 11) dialog: With mace and chain?
14) 13) dialog: That's exactly what I need another mind at work. Try: you hear the thinking through the walls. There's Geoffrey's h and Richard's roar, and Eleanor, she's always wrapped in thoughts, like molten lead and marble slabs. My house is of intellectual activity.
14) 15) dialog: (Going to her, gruff but tender) Alais, Alais -- I don't plan to give you up. I don't plan give you anything. I'11 make alliances and bargains, thre beg, break heads and hearts and when I'm done, I'll make heir of John, a petty prince of Richard and I'11l still h you.
14) 17) dialog: Always; even when I lie.
14) 19) dialog: I know -- and some of them are brighter folk that I or cr or more ruthless or dishonest. But not all rolled in one. priests write all the history these days and they'll do m justice. Henry, they'll say, was a master bastard. (Pointing excitedly down toward the river) Look.
14) 35) dialog: How was your crossing? Did the Channel part for you?
14) 37) dialog: It's only for the holidays.
17) 8) dialog: Ah, but which two?
17) 17) text: 19 Continued (TWO SERVANTS approach bearing a crown and a great formal cloak. Briskly, to his boys, as he shrugs into the cloak and slaps the crown on) HENRY (Cont) The King of France and I will shortly have a tactile conv tion like two surgeons looking for a lump. We'll state positions and I'll make the first of many offers. He'll r it, naturally, I'll make a better one and so on through t holidays until I win. For the duration of this joyous rit you will give, to your father, your support. (With which he wheels toward the door. The TWO SERVANTS throw it open and HENRY, the others following, strides toward into the courtyard.
18) 0) text: (Cut to the courtyard from their POV. We see a very grand and formal state occasion. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN stand in formal ranks along the broad descending steps. All the COMMONFOLK have lined up, as commonfolk always do, along the edges of a broad aisle. SOLDIERS at attention, line the aisle. (Down the aisle marches a gorgeous, stately retinue of KNIGHTS & SOLDIERS. At their head is Philip, King of France. (PHILIP CAPET is 18 years old and absolutely gorgeous. He is tall, well-proportioned and handsome without being at all pretty. His manner is open, direct, simple and strikingly authoritative. He has been King of France for three years and has learned a lot. (PHILIP mounts the steps, stands before HENRY)
18) 1) dialog: (As they greet each other) My lord.
18) 3) dialog: Welcome to Chinon. (More horns and Trumpets as HENRY turns and bows through the doorway. As the procession moves into the castle, we cut to -)
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 1) dialog: (Taking off a formal robe, feeling more comfortable) Well, that's better.
19) 4) dialog: (Informal, settling himself comfortably in a chair) I gather you're disturbed about your sister and her dowry
19) 6) dialog: I should think so.
19) 10) dialog: That's clear, concise and well presented. My position is well, frankly Philip, it's a tangle. (As he rises and moves to RICHARD, all affability) Two years ago, the Queen and I, for reasons passing under standing, gave the Aquitaine to Richard. That makes Richa very powerful. How can I give him Alais, too? The man she marries has you for an ally.
19) 12) dialog: (Moving to PHILIP. Just the two of them now) True but academic, lad. The vexin's mine.
19) 14) dialog: It's got my troops all over it: that makes it mine. Now h me, boy --
19) 17) dialog: Philip, you haven't got the feel of this at all. Use all voices. When I bellow, bellow back.
19) 22) dialog: (Moving close to PHILIP) This, too. We are the world in small. A nation is a human thing. It does what we do, for our reasons. Surely, if we civilized, it must be possible to put the knives away. We make peace. We have it in our hands.
19) 24) dialog: Oh, think. You came here for a reason. Don't you want to me if I've got an offer?
19) 26) dialog: Not yet -- but I'll think of one. (PHILIP is half out the door. Voice over) Oh, by the way ... (PHILIP turns. Cut to HENRY, smiling agreeably) You're better at this than I thought you'd be. (Cut to PHILIP smiling agreeably back)
19) 28) dialog: Well -- what shall be hang: The holly or each other?
19) 40) dialog: A splendid King.
19) 42) dialog: O£ course you'll fight. I raised you to.
19) 44) dialog: 
19) 48) dialog: Go and eat.
19) 50) dialog: Don't pout.
19) 58) dialog: (Giving him a slap on the butt) And stand up straight. How often do I have to tell you? (JOHN scurries toward the door. Cut to - (HENRY, the exasperated parent. Cut to - (ELEANOR, gazing with amusement at HENRY)
19) 63) dialog: We've made you Duke of Brittany. Is that so little?
19) 65) dialog: Isn't being Chancellor power enough?
19) 67) dialog: (Voice over) Yes?
19) 77) dialog: Still that? When Rosamund's been dead for seven years. (Cut back to ELEANOR & ALAIS)
19) 82) dialog: If I'd chosen, who could I have picked to love to gall yo more?
19) 90) dialog: Time hasn't done a thing but wrinkle you.
19) 92) dialog: There are moments when I miss you.
19) 94) dialog: I've heard it rumored but I don't believe it.
19) 96) dialog: It's an old man's last attachment; nothing more. How hard you find living in your castle?
19) 98) dialog: I'll never let you loose. You led too many civil wars aga me.
19) 101) dialog: (Extending his arm) Arm in arm.
19) 103) dialog: And you're my lady. (They move arm in arm to the door. His hand on the knob, HENRY pauses, turns) It's an odd thing, Eleanor. I've fought and bargained all these years as the only thing I lived for was what happen after I was dead. I've something else to live for now. I' blundered on to peace.
19) 105) dialog: Since Louis died, while Philip grew, I've had no France t fight. And in lull, I've found how good it is to write a or make a tax more fair or in judgment to decide which pe gets a cow. There is, I tell you, nothing more important the world. And now the French boy's big enough and I am s of war.
20) 2) dialog: It's as crucial as it ever was. My troops there are a day from Paris, just a march of twenty miles. I must keep it.
20) 10) dialog: Well, I thought you'd never say it.
20) 12) dialog: You can try. (A SERVANT appears, moves to the door) We've got a pack of barons we should look the loving coup for.
20) 14) dialog: And permanent affection. (The door is opened. They start forward. Cut to -
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
21) 6) dialog: Do you truly care who's king?
21) 8) dialog: Don't fight me, Eleanor.
21) 10) dialog: Give me a little peace.
21) 12) dialog: If you oppose me, I will strike you any way I can. (They have reached their table. Their eyes are locked; HENRY'S cold with warning, ELEANOR'S bright with defiance. (The pose breaks and they sit. SERVANTS appear by each of them with bowls of water and towels. They start to wash their hands. Then - )
21) 14) dialog: Madam?
21) 16) dialog: No.
23) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY. He is outside in a corner of the courtyard, busy distributing Christmas largesse to the deserving poor. ALAIS is with him. A SERVANT follows them along, pulling a car filled with roast geese, pastries and such. (They are in front of a row of wooden hovels that line the stone castle wall. Gardeners, poultry keepers, smiths and armorers live in these huts. We see them receiving goodies with bows and smiles. (It is late afternoon and cold. The shadows are sharp and clear. Activity in the yard, when we see it, is slight. SOLDIERS & PEASANTS are settling down by tiny fires, eating and drinking. From
23) 7) dialog: Not yet, but we're shortly granting him an audience. I ho you'll all attend.
23) 9) dialog: (He stops handing out food, moves away from the huts and people toward an area where livestock is kept) Not at all. The terms are these:
23) 13) dialog: For God's sake, boys, you can't all three be kings.
23) 15) dialog: That's pointless now. I want you to succeed me, Richard. Alais and the crown: I give you both.
23) 17) dialog: I mean to do it.
23) 26) dialog: John, I can't help myself. (He takes JOHN, moves him next to RICHARD. JOHN scowls up, RICHARD glowers down) HENRY (Cont) Could you keep anything I gave you? Could you beat him on field?
23) 28) dialog: But John, I won't be there. I'm losing, too. All of my dr for you are lost.
23) 30) dialog: I never meant to.
23) 32) dialog: I'm sorry, John.
23) 35) dialog: Good God, woman, face the facts.
23) 39) dialog: Power is the only fact. How can I keep him from the crown He's only take it if I didn't give it to him. (He turns to RICHARD, glowering)
23) 41) dialog: True; and I haven't. You get Alais and you get the kingdo I get the one thing I want most. If you're King, England intact. I get that. It's all yours now -- the girl, the crown, the whole black bloody business. Isn't that enough (HENRY turns and storms away across the courtyard. The caroling resumes. (The little group stands by the pig sty, watching HENRY go. No one moves until -)
24) 15) text: (The camera rises, higher and higher. As she goes on speaking, we see the two of them in the lovely frozen garden from high above. (Then shifting slowly, we begin to see the country- [ side beyond the wall. There are little scattered ; houses, small farms, neat fields. Here, a horse E moves down a black dirt path, drawing a wagon; there a group of young people -- children and adolescents -- are skating on a frozen pond. (We move closer to the young people, near enough to. see how happy, young and beautiful they are. I Through all this -) ELEANOR (Cont) He came down from the North to Paris with a mind like Aristotle's and a form like mortal sin. We shattered the Commandments on the spot. I spent three months annulling and in Spring, in May not far from here, we married. Youn Count Henry and his countess. But in three years' time, I his Queen and he was King of England. Done at twenty-one. Five years your junior, General.
24) 60) text: 41 42 43 4l Continued (We draw back from them. We see the garden and the hills beyond. The sun touches the scene with the last warmth of the day and dips behind the hills) I taught you dancing, too, and languages and all the musi I knew and how to love what's beautiful. The sun was warm then and we were every day together. (They stand in silhouette. We hear a wisp of caroling and the blowing of the wind. Fade out. (Cut in, sharp, loud and bright, on HENRY in close up. He is roaring with laughter. We hear other voices laughing)
25) 0) text: (We are in the Great Hall. The dining tables have been removed and the benches rearranged. Seated on them are the NOBLES & CLERICS. They are watching - (A pantomime. TWO ACTORS -- A LECHEROUS OLD MAN and a DELICIOUS SERVANT GIRL -- are doing a bawdy love scene. He lusts for her. Pretending to resist she eggs him on. With a great heave, he tears open the bosom of her dress. About to dive in, he turns. They freeze. We see the WIFE. She is a vast old battleaxe. She holds a vast old battleaxe. She raises it. Cut back to HENRY who - (Gesturing toward WILLIAM MARSHAL who stands a few paces behind him, says - )
25) 1) dialog: William. (MARSHAL moves to him) Tell the French King I'll receive him in the parlor.
25) 3) dialog: In half an hour.
28) 0) text: (HENRY in the Great Hall. The pantomime is still going on. HENRY rises, briskly starts to go)
29) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding down a corridor. Far behind him, we see ALAIS, half-running, trying to catch up. Cut to -)
30) 0) text: (The door to the Parlor, from inside the room. It opens and HENRY strides in, ALAIS at his heels)
30) 2) dialog: (Striding straight across to his desk) I'd appreciate a little quiet confidence. I have enough n picked at.
30) 4) dialog: Good God, you don't think I meant it.
30) 12) dialog: You think I'd ever give him up? When I've mothered him an fathered him and babied him? He's all I've got. How often you people have to hear it? Every supper? Should we start soup with who we love and who we don't?
30) 14) dialog: (He gets up, starts wandering about the room. The Christmas decorating and tree completed. Assorted packages the tree. A merry fire burns It couldn't be more Christmas trimming has been are arranged under in the fireplace. Eve) I've got to get the Aquitaine for John.
30) 16) dialog: What's the Aquitaine to Eleanor? It's not That's why she's outside She'll squeeze it out They get mixed up. a province, it's a way to torture me. wooing Richard, wheezing on the coals. of him. God but I'd love to eavesdrop. (Doing a creditable imitation of ELEANOR) I taught you prancing, lamb, and lute and flute - (Cut to the doorway. ELEANOR is there, a great pile of Christmas presents in her arms. She can barely see over the top. She laughs delightedly as she weaves into the room.
30) 18) dialog: Whatever are you giving me?
30) 24) dialog: (Reading from a package) To Henry. (He picks it up, weighs it) Heavy. (Delighted) It's my headstone. Eleanor, you spoil me.
30) 26) dialog: Don't go. It nettles her to see how much I need you.
30) 29) dialog: (Voice over) Like my life. (She is leaving as we cut to - (HENRY as he joins ELEANOR on the floor by the tree) HENRY (Cont) . I talk like that to keep her spirits up. Well, how'd you with Richard? Did you break his heart?
30) 31) dialog: I can't think why he shouldn't. After all, I've promised the throne.
30) 41) dialog: There's no sense asking if the air's good when there's no else to breathe.
30) 43) dialog: Have you got it? Will he give it back? (All lightness and movement stop. The cards are down. They remain locked for a moment. Then -)
30) 45) dialog: I've got to give him something. Isn't some agreement poss (She breaks the pose, rises to her feet. On top of the situation, enjoying herself)
30) 47) dialog: You bore him, dammit: he's your son.
30) 49) dialog: Why her so damn particularly? I've found other women.
30) 51) dialog: What's your count? Let's have a tally of the bedspreads y spread out on. (Cut to ELEANOR in close up)
30) 56) text: 48 47 Continued O ELEANOR i Thomas Becket's. i (Cut to HENRY in close up)
30) 57) dialog: That's a lie! (Cut to ELEANOR, in close up)
30) 60) text: (Cut from ELEANOR, delighted, to HENRY furious and back to ELEANOR. Amused and musing - )
30) 62) dialog: (In an outburst of rage) I want the Aquitaine for John! I want it and I'll have it
30) 64) dialog: I have the-documents and you will sign.
30) 66) dialog: I adore you.
30) 70) dialog: I've got an offer for you, ma jolie.
30) 72) dialog: Your freedom. (ELEANOR close up. She has just received a terrible blow)
30) 74) dialog: Once Johnny has the Aquitaine, you're free. I'll let you Think on the loose in London, winters in Provence, improm trips to visit Richard anywhere he's killing people. All for a signature.
30) 76) dialog: I thought it might appeal to you. You always fancied traveling.
30) 82) dialog: Sign them and we'll break the happy news. The Queen is fr John gets the Aquitaine and Richard marries Alais. (We look from face to face. Will she give in or won't she?)
30) 84) dialog: Name it.
30) 87) dialog: Alais -- I can live without her.
30) 89) dialog: So I do.
30) 99) dialog: With my father?
30) 101) dialog: Is it rich, despising me? Is it rewarding?
30) 103) dialog: Then stop it!
30) 105) dialog: (Exploding, hurling it at her) Rosamund, I loved you! (ELEANOR'S reaction is triumph. HE is ready to strike her. Instead, he storms toward the door, roaring - ) I'll show you. By Christ, I will. I'1l do it. (He throws open the door, bellows into the hallway) Where's a priest? Somebody dig me up a priest.
31) 0) text: (SERVANTS are standing formally in the hallway. WILLIAM MARSHAL is among them. He hurries forward to HENRY) You. Bring me a bishop. (ELEANOR appears in the doorway behind HENRY. She addresses MARSHAL)
31) 5) dialog: (Roaring) John! Richard! Geoffrey! (He storms off down the hall. ELEANOR follows serenely after. SERVANTS scatter, running off to find the boys.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
33) 13) dialog: Because I say so. (MARSHAL slips in through the large door)
33) 15) dialog: Good. Let's get this over with.
34) 9) dialog: You think I won't?
34) 11) dialog: You're not my Helen. I won't fight a war to save a face. We're done.
34) 19) dialog: Wait ten minutes.
35) 0) text: (They reach the Great Hall door. HENRY throws it open. (Cut to inside the Hall as they enter.)
35) 10) dialog: (With vast innocence as, rather like a bridal consultant, he checks over the bridal party) Why, the Aquitaine, of course. (We take in their faces. JOHN'S puzzlement, GEOFFREY'S amusement, ELEANOR'S dismay, RICHARD'S dawning rage. RICHARD moves up the steps to HENRY)
35) 12) dialog: Your mother gets her freedom and I get the Aquitaine. (To ELEANOR) This is the proposition, isn't it? You did agree.
35) 16) dialog: But, my boy. Look -- Durham's waiting. (Cut to DURHAM beginning to look a bit puzzled by it all. (Cut back to RICHARD & HENRY. RICHARD'S face is set and stony) You've simply got to marry her. It isn't much to ask. For sake, Richard.
35) 18) dialog: (So embarrassed and upset) But I've promised Philip. Think of my position.
35) 24) dialog: You don't dare defy me.
35) 26) dialog: You're the King of France, for goodness sake. Speak up. D something. (RICHARD strides forward as PHILIP approaches)
35) 31) dialog: Come again?
35) 33) dialog: Boy, don't ever call a King a liar to his face.
35) 35) dialog: Boy, you came here asking for a wedding or the vexin back By God, you don't get either one. It's no to both. She ne marries, not while I'm alive.
35) 37) dialog: Not on my clock, boy.
35) 46) text: 57 Continued (PHILIP, stiff with anger, turns and strides out of the Chapel. ALAIS, weak with relief, leans against the door frame. HENRY is just turning to her when - )
35) 48) dialog: Don't spoil it, Richard. Take it like a good sport.
35) 50) dialog: When? I'm fifty now. My God, boy, I'm the oldest man I kn I've got a decade on the Pope. What's it to be? The broad sword when I'm eighty-five?
35) 54) dialog: I know. I've seen him there.
35) 56) dialog: You'll have what Daddy gives you. }
35) 59) dialog: This minute?
35) 61) dialog: So we're at war.
35) 70) dialog: Can they hear you? Call and see who comes. You are as clo to Poitiers as you're going to get.
35) 72) dialog: Until we've all agreed that John comes next, I can and wi (RICHARD starts to stalk away) You are a king's son so I treat you with respect. You hav freedom of the castle.
35) 82) dialog: (Cut to Henry stretching, luxuriating, loving it) I really was. I fooled you, didn't I. God, but I do love being King. (Cut to ELEANOR, alone)
35) 84) dialog: I've no idea. I know I'm winning and I know I'1l win but the next move is ... : (He is shrugging as ALAIS moves into the picture)
35) 86) dialog: (Cupping her face in his hands) It wasn't possible to lose you. I must hold you dearer th thought. (cut to ELEANOR. In the doorway, she stops and turns)
35) 88) dialog: (Voice over) Yes?
35) 90) dialog: Can't you ever stop? (Cut to ELEANOR, close up)
35) 98) dialog: Leave it at that. (ELEANOR close up)
35) 100) dialog: Forget the dragon in the doorway: come. (ALAIS moves into his arms) Believe I love you, for I do. Believe I'm yours forever, am. Believe in my contentment and the joy you give me and believe -- (HENRY close up as he breaks, turns toward ELEANOR) You want more? (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, eyes burning at him. (Cut to HENRY, staring back at her. Then he turns to ALAIS and we see the three of them again) HENRY (Cont) I'm an old man in an empty place. Be with me. (She raises her lips to his. They kiss tenderly at first, then passionately. The camera moves across their faces, ELEANOR always in the background. (The sound of caroling grows louder as we begin moving closer to ELEANOR'S face. She watches and she waits. The picture slowly faced to black as the camera moves from her face and out and up into cloudless, magnificent sky.)
37) 69) text: (We move across the is quiet here. The 69 agonized face to HENRY'S. He of infinite tenderness. He is a large chair in the Parlor. is a great sense of warmth and they start slowly from the the corridor as they pass the the floor, arms flung, for It is a clear, cold night. the MEN are bundled up and 63 Continued © ELEANOR (Cont) How could her king have left ner?
38) 1) dialog: Off to bed? (ALAIS nods, smiles, opens her eyes. She gets up and we see her for a moment filled, like a child, with happiness, staring at the Christmas tree. HENRY joins her and room.
42) 0) text: (When we pull back, away from the coals, it is from : the fire in Henry's bedroom. The door is just L opening. ALAIS steps through. Behind her, HENRY i hesitates, frowning in thought.) i
42) 2) dialog: Wait up for me. I won't be long. (He closes the door. (Cut to another door. A hand appears, taps lightly on it and we hear - )
45) 17) text: Continued I had you saved. I wasn't on my way to Father but he was. would have gone to Henry and betrayed you. Look: it's in face. (JOHN looks up. Cut to PHILIP, then back to JOHN)
46) 17) text: O I'm Henry's prisoner. (PHILIP smiles) You find that charming?
47) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY in the corridor. He glances about. Then raps again and whispers - )
47) 1) dialog: Philip. (Cut back to PHILIP & RICHARD at the bed. RICHARD is in great confusion. PHILIP is thinking hard. (Cut to behind the tapestry. JOHN, frightened, turns to GEOFFREY. GEOFFREY, alive with excitement, puts a finger on JOHN'S lips. (Cut to PHILIP as he puts a finger to RICHARD'S lips, helps him into the bed. PHILIP draws the curtains shut. (Cut to PHILIP crossing toward the door. (Cut to HENRY outside in the hall)
47) 2) dialog: Philip, lad. (The door opens. From HENRY'S POV) It's not too late at night?
47) 4) dialog: (We see the room from HENRY'S POV as he enters) Good; we can't leave negotiations where they are. (Turning to PHILIP who moves to the table and pours from the decanter) I keep looking for your father in you.
47) 11) dialog: I miss him. Has Richard or the Queen been here to see you
47) 13) dialog: I want to reach a settlement. I left you with too little earlier. (PHILIP hands HENRY a glass, sits in the other chair)
47) 15) dialog: I'm sorry you're not fonder of me, lad. Your father alway said "Be fond of stronger men."
47) 17) dialog: I've come to you to offer peace.
47) 19) dialog: Your father would have wept.
47) 21) dialog: Fight me and you'll lose.
47) 23) text: 79 67X2 Continued (Cut to HENRY as he rises, angry)
47) 24) dialog: Suppose I hurry things along? What if I say that England war with France? (Cut to PHILIP calmly looking up at HENRY)
47) 26) dialog: What kind of courage have you got? (Cut to PHILIP, cool and unperturbed)
47) 28) dialog: By God, I'd love to turn you loose on Eleanor. (The decanter in his hand) More brandywine?
47) 30) dialog: (Filling his glass) They were boiling it in Ireland before the snakes left. (sitting back, settling in his chair) Well -- things look a little bleak for Henry, don't they. You'll say yes to Richard when he comes; arms, soldiers, anything he asks for.
47) 32) dialog: And withdraw it all before the battle ever started.
47) 34) dialog: Why fight Henry when his sons will do it for you.
47) 39) dialog: You've got promise, lad. That's first class thinking. (He raises his glass and drinks. (Cut to RICHARD in the bed, angry and betrayed. (Cut to behind the tapestry. More anger and ‘betrayal. (Cut to PHILIP & HENRY as HENRY puts his glass down ) Good night. (HENRY rises. PHILIP looks up, uncertain for the first time)
47) 41) dialog: We open Christmas packages at noon. 'Til then. (HENRY starts to go. Cut to PHILIP, rising)
47) 43) dialog: But I am. And it's been very satisfactory. (Cut to PHILIP)
47) 45) dialog: Winning is. I did just win. Surely you noticed. (Cut to PHILIP)
47) 49) dialog: I found out the way your mind words and the kind of man y are. I know your plans and expectations. You have burbled every bit of what you've got. I know exactly what you wil and exactly what you are. And I've told you exactly nothi To these aged eyes, boy, that's what winning looks like. Dormez bien. (With which he turns and, as we follow him, moves toward the door)
47) 51) dialog: He was a loving man and you learned nothing of it.
47) 53) dialog: Richard finds his way into so many legends. Let's hear yo and see how it compares. (As PHILIP speaks, he follows HENRY, pressing him)
47) 60) text: 82 67X2 Continued touching me. He asked me if I loved him -- "Philip, do yo love me?" -- and I told him yes. (Cut to RICHARD in the bed. He is wracked with pain and rage. It is excruciating. (Cut to PHILIP & HENRY, close up) You know why I told him yes? So one day I could tell you about it. You cannot imagine what that "yes" cost. Or per you can. Imagine snuggling to a chancred whore and, bendi back your lips in something like a smile, saying: "Yes, I you and I find you beautiful." I don't know how I did it. Cut to the bed as RICHARD leaps through the curtains)
47) 66) dialog: It's no great joy to be here.
47) 69) dialog: I'll go tell your mother: she'll be pleased. (He starts to go. RICHARD follows him)
47) 73) dialog: (Turning on RICHARD. They stand face to face) How completely hers you are.
47) 75) dialog: He was the oldest -- he came first.
47) 77) dialog: You went with Eleanor.
47) 79) dialog: It's not my fault. I won't be blamed.
47) 81) dialog: No -- it's my crown. You want my kingdom.
47) 83) dialog: That I will. (Cut to RICHARD, close up)
47) 90) dialog: Thank God I have another son. Thank God for John. (Cut to the tapestry as GEOFFREY steps out from hiding)
47) 92) dialog: Much? I don't think of you at all.
47) 94) dialog: You think I'd ever make you king?
47) 96) dialog: (Starting to leave the room) I've heard enough.
47) 98) dialog: I don't doubt he offered, I don't doubt you tried and I d doubt John loves me.
47) 106) dialog: Well, John?
47) 108) dialog: What do I think?
47) 110) dialog: I know; you're a good boy. (JOHN, encouraged, moves toward HENRY. Just JOHN & HENRY now)
47) 112) dialog: Couldn't you wait. Couldn't you trust me? It was all your Couldn't you believe that?
47) 114) dialog: Who do you think I built this kingdom for? (JOHN, in a rage, shakes himself loose)
47) 120) dialog: You're just like them. And after all I've given you. (Cut to JOHN close up)
47) 122) dialog: I loved you. (Cut to JOHN close up)
47) 125) dialog: My life, when it is written, will read better than it liv Henry Fitz-Empress, first Plantagnet, a King at twenty-on ablest soldier of an able time. He led men well, he cared justice when he could and ruled, for thirty years, a stat great as Charlemagne's. He married out of love a woman ou legend. Not in Rome or Alexandria or Camelot has there be such a Queen. She bore him many children -- but no sons. Henry had no sons. (Cut to JOHN, RICHARD & GEOFFREY side by side. voice over) He had three whiskered things but he disowned them. You'r mine. We're not connected. I deny you. None of you will g any crown. (Cut to HENRY, close up)
47) 132) text: 67X2 Continued HENRY (Cont) I leave you nothing and I wish you plague. May all your children breech and die. (He turns, moves to the doorway, stops and looks back.) (Cut to the room from HENRY'S POV) My boys are gone.
48) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY as he starts unsteadily down the corridor) I've lost my boys. (He stops, glares up toward the Deity) You dare to damn me, do you? Well, I damn you back. (Like a Biblical figure, shaking his fist at the sky) HENRY (Cont) God damn you. (Moving blindly down the corridor again) My boys are gone. I've lost my boys. Oh, Jesus, all my bo (We watch as his figure grows smaller and smaller.) (CUT to the bottom of a broad stone stairway, looking up. HENRY appears at the top, starts unseeingly down. We hear a sudden burst of raucous laughter as a drunken NOBLEMAN, his arm around a WENCH, moves abruptly into the picture. (THEY start, weaving, up the stairs. HENRY passes them, unseeing.
49) 0) text: (CUT to HENRY crossing the hall at the base of the stairs. A SERVANT, tidying up for the night, scurries past, pausing to bow.
50) 0) text: (CUT to the open doorway of the Great Hall, looking in from the corridor. The hall is empty save for a few NOBLES who lie sprawled in drunken sleep. SERVANTS move about, exhaustedly cleaning up the mess. HENRY, walking down the corridor, passes through the picture. The camera follows him.
51) 0) text: (Cut to the Parlor. Candles, about to go out, are flickering on the Christmas tree. Masses of presents lie at the base of the tree. HENRY appears, walks unseeing through the room. A church bell starts to toll eleven.
52) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY'S bedroom. The tolling continues. ALAIS lies curled up, asleep on the bed where HENRY left her. A noise awakens her. She starts up, turning to the door. (Cut to the door from ALAIS'S POV. It opens. HENRY stands in the doorway. He starts into the room. (Cut to ALAIS, smiling, rubbing her eyes.)
53) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY at the door. He turns back, seems to see ALAIS for a moment, then turns away and moves out the door.
53) 4) text: 89 (Cut to a shadowy hallway. Eyes glowing in the dark -- dogs' eyes. HENRY moves into the picture, past the dogs. Far behind him, down the corridor, we can dimly make out ALAIS.)
54) 0) text: (Cut to an exterior door seen from outside. It opens. HENRY steps through, his face immobile, like a Greek mask. We follow him as he moves out into the freezing clear bright night, prowling along the battlements. Though he wears no robe or coat, he does not register the cold. (Cut to ALAIS shivering in the doorway, her face alive with love and compassion for her man. (Cut to HENRY from ALAIS'S POV. He is in the distance now, a small figure moving along the walls of a great castle. The castle looks like ivory in the moonlight. (Cut to a SOLDIER on Guard Duty. Heavily robed, he is nonetheless half frozen. He sees something, stiffens to attention. (Cut to HENRY moving along the battlements. We see him pass the shivering GUARD. (Cut to HENRY sitting, looking out over the same bit of wall from where he first caught sight of ELEANOR'S boat that morning. (Cut to the night from HENRY'S POV. We see ELEANOR'S boat anchored at the wharf. (Cut to HENRY looking at the boat. He shuts his eyes, unable to bear what he is thinking. He lies back, stretching out on the cold stone, and looks up at the sky. (The camera, following the rising mist of HENRY'S breath, turns up to the sky. It is cloudless, crammed with an infinity of stars.)
55) 16) text: 716 91 Continued There was a scene with beds and tapestries and many thing so - (She leans forward over the pot on the brazier) Spiced wine. I'd forgotten Henry liked it. May I stay?
55) 54) dialog: The sky is pocked with stars. What eyes the wise men must had to spot a new one in so many. (Cut to ELEANOR & ALAIS as ALAIS rises and moves to the wine pot on the brazier)
55) 57) dialog: I wonder, were there fewer stars then -- I don't know. I fancy there's a mystery in it. (ALAIS moves into the picture with a goblet of wine) What's this?
55) 62) dialog: so it is. (He takes the wine, touches her cheek) are as beautiful as I remembered. (Sending her toward the door) to bed. My widow wants to see me. (ALAIS goes to the door, stops, turns back)
55) 65) dialog: do?
55) 67) dialog: She's got a point. I marvel at you. After all these years still like a democratic drawbridge, going down for everyb (He moves to her with a goblet for each of them)
55) 69) dialog: To your interminable health. (He drinks)
55) 74) text: 76 95 Continued HENRY (Cont) Well, wife, what's on your mind?
55) 76) dialog: Yes, haven't we. You look like Doomsday.
55) 78) dialog: Possibly: it's hard to tell -- there's all that natural s (Cut to ELEANOR, close up)
55) 80) dialog: Splendid boy. (Cut to ELEANOR)
55) 82) dialog: We always do. (Cut to a view of both of them)
55) 84) dialog: I fancy I'll relent. Don't you?
55) 87) text: 76 Continued O (Cut back to view of both of them) In fact I wonder, Henry, if I care for anything. I wonder 5 I'm hurt out of habit and if all my lusts, like passion poem aren't really recollections.
55) 88) dialog: I could listen to you lie for hours. So your lust is rust Gorgeous.
55) 92) dialog: Sleep, then. Sleep and dream of me with croutons. Henri a mode de Caen. (As he reaches her, she rises with a surge of energy)
55) 94) dialog: Eleanor, I haven't started.
55) 96) dialog: In exchange for what? (Cut to ELEANOR, close up)
55) 105) text: Continued (Cut to both of them. The applause grows thunderous, then cuts off abruptly. Bone weary, nodding, ELEANOR sinks into a chair) Oh, well. Well, well. (HENRY circles her like a dog that's trapped its prey)
55) 106) dialog: Would you like a pillow? Footstool? How about a shawl? Yo oaths are all profanities. Your word's a curse. Your name paper is a waste of pulp. (She is not reacting. He bends towards her, bellowing) I'm vilifying you, for God's sake. Pay attention. (She looks up, only half seeing. She reaches out and takes his hand and kisses it. He pulls his hand sharply away)
55) 110) dialog: That's lively curiosity from such a dead cat. If you want know my plans, just ask me. (Cut to ELEANOR, rising, with a surge of anger)
55) 118) text: 76 98 Continued (Cut to HENRY as he stretches out luxuriously)
55) 119) dialog: No, you're too kind. I can't accept. (Cut to ELEANOR. She moves to the bed, glares down at him)
55) 121) dialog: Let's not. No, I don't think I want your signature on anything.
55) 123) dialog: Dear God, the pleasure I still get from goading you.
55) 125) dialog: Bull's eye. (She bends down over him)
55) 127) dialog: I know, I know. (She straightens up, draws slightly back)
55) 129) dialog: You've grasped it.
55) 131) dialog: (He sits up. Savoring each syllable) A new wife.
55) 138) dialog: Aesthete and poetaster that you are, you worship beauty a simplicity. I worship with you. Down with all that's ugly complex -- like frogs or pestilence or our relationship. you, what's more beautiful and simple than a new wife? (Cut back to ELEANOR who, assembling herself bravely, asks - )
55) 140) dialog: The Pontiff owes me one Pontificate. I think he will. (Cut to ELEANOR still on the bed)
55) 142) dialog: A new wife, wife, will bear me sons. (Cut to ELEANOR as she rises and moves to meet him)
55) 144) dialog: I want a son.
55) 149) dialog: All my sons are bastards.
55) 151) dialog: Lady love, with all my heart. (HENRY turns away from her, moves energetically to a narrow slit of a window, stands with his back to her, looking out)
55) 153) dialog: Like warts and goiters; and I'm having them removed.
55) 155) dialog: I know -- and good God, look at them. Young Henry: vain, deceitful, weak and cowardly. The only patriotic thing he ever did was die.
55) 157) dialog: I did. (He turns to face her) And Geoffrey -- there's a masterpiece. He isn't fresh: he device: he's wheels and gears. (ELEANOR sits in one of a pair of arm chairs)
55) 159) dialog: But not four. Then Johnny. Was his latest treason your id
55) 169) text: 101 Continued (Not facing him, she shakes her head) HENRY (Cont) I have caught him lying and I've said he's young. I've se his cheating and I've thought he's just a boy. I've watch him sin and whore and whip his servants and he's not a ch He is a man we've made him.
55) 171) dialog: And Richard's yours. How could you send him off to deal w Philip.
55) 173) dialog: (He rises, looks down at her) Eleanor, he was the best. The strongest, bravest, handsom and from the cradle on you cradled him. I never had a cha
55) 175) dialog: How do you know? You took him. Separation from your husba you could bear. But not your boy.
55) 178) dialog: It's not that simple. I won't have it be that simple.
55) 180) dialog: Never.
55) 183) dialog: Of all the lies, that one is the most terrible. (Cut to ELEANOR close up)
55) 185) dialog: Deny us what you will, we have done that. (He pulls away from her, looks gently down into her face) Do you remember when we met?
55) 187) dialog: I could hardly see you for the sunlight. (She sits at the foot of the bed. He settles on the floor, rests his head on her lap)
55) 189) dialog: There was very little talk as I recall it.
55) 202) dialog: I had never seen such beauty and I walked right up and to it. God, where did I find the gall to do that? (She bends tenderly down)
55) 204) dialog: I loved you. (They kiss, then gently part, each lost in reverie)
55) 206) dialog: What?
55) 208) dialog: Will there not?
55) 210) dialog: (Anger just bottled in, getting to his feet) Well -- it was just a whim.
55) 219) dialog: You're no part of me. We do not touch at any point. How c you lose me?
55) 221) dialog: You know enough to know I can't be stopped.
55) 223) dialog: What is this? I'm not moldering: my paint's not peeling o I'm good for years.
55) 225) dialog: It's sweet of you to care. (Cut back to ELEANOR)
55) 227) dialog: You wouldn't let him do a thing like that? (Cut to ELEANOR)
55) 233) dialog: You're not that cruel. (Cut to ELEANOR)
55) 235) dialog: Eleanor, what do you want?
55) 238) dialog: Who will?
55) 240) dialog: The day those stout hearts band together is the day that get wings.
55) 246) dialog: All of you at once.
55) 248) dialog: Yes, he would. (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, on top again)
55) 250) dialog: Should I take a thousand men-at-arms or is that showy? (Cut to ELEANOR from behind HENRY)
55) 252) dialog: Ah, poor thing. How can I break the news? You've just miscalculated.
55) 254) dialog: You should have lied to me. You should have promised to b good while I was gone. I would have let your three boys l They could have fought me then.
55) 256) dialog: Why the devil wouldn't I? (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, desperate)
55) 266) text: 76 Continued (Cut to HENRY, unstoppable, victorious)
55) 267) dialog: Why not? What's to stop me? Let them sit in Chinon for a while. (Cut to ELEANOR)
55) 269) dialog: She forbids it! (Cut to HENRY from ELEANOR'S POV. He storms toward the door. (Cut to the room from the corridor. HENRY moves towards us, ELEANOR in the background) (Cut to ELEANOR, close up)
55) 271) dialog: No doubt you're going to tell me that he did. (Cut to ELEANOR from HENRY'S POV)
55) 273) dialog: (Moving into the picture, stalking toward ELEANOR) What about the thousand men? I say be gaudy and to hell w it.
55) 275) dialog: I think you think you mean it.
55) 280) dialog: Eleanor, we're past it; years past.
55) 282) dialog: There isn't one.
55) 284) dialog: Yes there is. You can expire.
55) 286) dialog: Poor Eleanor; if only she had lied.
55) 288) dialog: I can always count on.you.
55) 290) dialog: When you hurt me, I'll cry out. (Cut to ELEANOR from HENRY'S POV, on her back on the bed)
55) 298) dialog: Am I supposed to care?
55) 300) dialog: You can try. (She leans up, close to him)
55) 302) dialog: (Retreating from the impact of it, sitting on the edge of the bed, turning away from her) It never happened.
55) 304) dialog: Eleanor, I hope you die. (She rises to her knees on the bed, seeming to tower over him)
55) 306) dialog: Stop it!
55) 308) dialog: (Crying out) Aahbhh! (Cut to ELEANOR. Close up, just her face)
55) 314) dialog: Oh my God, I'm going to be sick. (We follow him from the doorway as he rises, starts for the camera. (Cut to ELEANOR. Carried away, hurling it after him)
56) 0) text: (Cut to close up of a great hand slapping down with tremendous impact on the buttocks of a body asleep in bed. there is a howl of surprised pain as the body bolts upright and we pull back to reveal - (HENRY, a flaming torch in hand, looming over WILLIAM MARSHAL who is wide awake, naked to the waist in bed. HENRY is bursting with energy, his eyes bright.
56) 5) dialog: (More a great bellow than a word) Hey - hey - hey. When INT. INT. INT. INT. INT. INT. (General stirring as SOLDIERS wake up) the King is off his ass, nobody sleeps.
58) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY'S face close up. Smudged, dirty, bathed in sweat. We pull back to see him lurching across a section of courtyard, a heavy treasure chest on his shoulder. (TWO SOLDIERS take it from him and hoist it onto a heavily armored wagon. HENRY straightens, looks up at the sky. i i i
60) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY in the courtyard, seen from above. The yard is a mass of wagons, horses, SERVANTS & SOLDIERS, torches. HENRY grins up at the window and blows a kiss. (Cut to ELEANOR as, with sudden decision, she leaves the window and crosses her room toward the door)
61) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding across the courtyard towards the kitchen. He pauses by the open shed where the baking ovens are, sniffs in the aroma of the morning's bread and nods appreciatively)
63) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding from the courtyard into the kitchen. It is a scene of frenetic activity now. Sides of beef turn on spits over roaring fires. Animals were slaughtered in the kitchens at this time and in a corner, slaughtering is going on. VASSALS, cleaning the floor are sweeping offal and god knows what into an open trench that cuts across the floor. Great kettles boil. There is steam and sweat. (HENRY moves briskly about, approving here, correcting there. His spirits are frighteningly high)
65) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY striding down a corridor. He reaches a door, throws it open. HENRY, close up, looks a little mad. His eyes are red, his forehead dirty and dripping with sweat. He is vibrating with nervous energy. cur
66) 2) dialog: (Moving to her, into the picture) We're packing up and moving out.
66) 4) dialog: Nothing, for a change. Would you believe it?
66) 6) dialog: Out making us an entourage.
66) 18) dialog: We're off to Rome to see the Pope.
66) 20) dialog: He's going to set me free. I'm having Eleanor annulled. T nation will be shocked to learn our marriage wasn't consummated.
66) 22) dialog: I am. It seems that you and I are getting married. (Cut to ALAIS. She can't believe it. Then back to both of them) By the Pope himself.
66) 24) dialog: Shall I kneel?
66) 26) dialog: The bridal party's drilling on the cobblestones. (We follow ALAIS as she runs to the window)
67) 5) dialog: (Voice over) So she ‘says.
68) 1) dialog: 
68) 3) dialog: How? She won't be here. We're launching her for Salisbury Tower when the winds change. She'll be barging down the R Vienne by lunchtime.
68) 5) dialog: Not any more. I've corked him up. He's in the cellar with brothers and the wine. The royal boys are aging with the port. You haven't said yes. Would you like a formal decla tion? (He goes to one knee, turning his profile to us) There -- my finest angle; it's on all the coins. Sad Alai will you marry me? (She looks down at him lovingly) Be my Queen. (She goes down to him, melts in his arms. He kisses her cheeks, her hands, her neck) We'll love each other and you'll give me sons. Let's have -- we'll do Eleanor one better. Why, I'll even call the f one Louis, if you like Louis le Premier: how's that for a of England? (They start to laugh. They try to kiss but both of them are laughing. Gradually, as HENRY roars on, her laughter subsides, then stops, all joy fading from her face)
68) 9) dialog: (Laughter subsiding) You've lost me. Let who out?
68) 11) dialog: Do I now?
68) 13) dialog: (Anger beginning, he gets to his feet) Don't bother me about the child. The damn thing isn't bor yet. (Cut to ALAIS, close up, as she rises)
68) 15) dialog: You don't make the ultimatums. I do. (Cut to ALAIS as she bears down on him)
68) 17) dialog: My boys -- how can I?
68) 19) dialog: You have no children. (Cut to ALAIS close up) a I tna A ETT LT er steeTete th
68) 22) dialog: But they're my sons. (Cut to ALAIS close up)
68) 24) dialog: You'll come to Rome if I say so. You'll marry me if I say The boys go free if I say so. My terms are the only terms (Sitting, energy ebbing, dazed and spent) The difficulty is, you see, the difficulty is, you're rig Incredible, but I have children who would murder children Every time I've been to Medea, I've thought, "No; the thi absurd. Fish eat their young, and foxes; but not us." And she did it. (He pulls himself to his feet, starts moving heavily toward the door, passing ALAIS as he goes) I imagine she was mad, don't you? Yes, mad she must have
68) 26) dialog: Could you say to a child of yours, "You've seen the sunli for the last time"?
68) 33) dialog: (With sudden anger as he turns and storms out of the room) I shall have to, shan't I? INT. EXT. INT. INT. (Cut to ALAIS watching him go, both elated and aghast at what she has accomplished. She hesitates, then runs out of the room after him)
68) 144) dialog: It wants light. (He begins moving about the area, placing candles in empty candlesticks. ALAIS follows, lighting them with her taper. He doesn't seem to see his sons as he passes by them. They, however, are on wires, at. the brink, not quite sure how or when to make their move) What we do in dungeons needs the shades of day. I stole t candles from the chapel. No one minded. Jesus won't begru them and the Chaplain works for me. (He stops by ELEANOR)
68) 146) dialog: So do you.
68) 148) dialog: (We pull back, including them all, as HENRY deposits his last candle and steps back to survey the effect) We can all rest in a little while. That's better. Bright clear, just like the morning. (His eyes traveling from son to son, meaning it) Fine looking boy.
68) 158) dialog: You were the best. (Indicating ELEANOR) I told her so. You -- you, (To JOHN) I loved.
68) 160) dialog: I can't stop either. Brave boys. (RICHARD & HENRY stand, eyes locked. RICHARD turns sharply away, looks toward - (GEOFFREY, close up. He is white with tension. Will he do it? Won't he? (Cut to JOHN close up. He's terrified. (Cut to RICHARD as he flies across the room toward the tray. (Cut to HENRY as he draws his dagger. (Cut to RICHARD as he throws the chest open and grabs a dagger. He looks at - (GEOFFREY. He hasn't moved. Nor is he going to. (Cut to JOHN. He is ready to cry. (Cut to HENRY as he strides toward RICHARD. and chest)
68) 161) dialog: That's what I've got. (At the chest, he picks up a dagger and tosses it to GEOFFREY. And another which he tosses to JOHN. (Cut to the sons.from HENRY'S POV. They are spread out in a semi-circle. They have daggers in hand but none of them moves.
68) 163) text: 132 116 Continued (Cut to HENRY crouching, ready for them all, i wanting them all to come at him) | i
68) 164) dialog: Come on. What is it? Come for me! } (Cut to a shot including them all. ALAIS, stiff with fear, stands pressed against a wall. ELEANOR, her face a mask, only her eyes alive, registers no change as - (HENRY starts slowly moving across the room toward RICHARD. He stops near him, crouching, his dagger held low, close, lethal. RICHARD makes no move) What's wrong? You're Richard, aren't you?
68) 167) dialog: Again? (Cut to JOHN)
68) 169) dialog: Oh, yes ... we always have. (Cut to JOHN seen from behind HENRY as, with a cry of joy, he drops his dagger and starts running across the room to his father, arms outstretched. He skids to a stop and crumples to the floor as HENRY, with a terrible animal sound, starts for him with his dagger. (Cut to JOHN from HENRY'S POV. He knows he's going to die.
68) 171) text: 116 133 Continued (Cut to HENRY from JOHN'S POV as HENRY, his face dreadful, goes to one knee, crouching over his son, ready to shove the dagger into JOHN'S vitals. The man is absolutely going to do the deed)
68) 173) dialog: Who's to say it's monstrous? I'm the King. I call it just (HENRY turns from her and, alone now, draws his great sword and strikes a ritualistic, formal pose. His face shines with sweat and his eyes are mad) Therefore, I, Henry, by the grace of God, King of the Eng Lord of Scotland, Ireland and Wales. (Voice over as we move from JOHN as he makes little animal sounds of fear to GEOFFREY who believes he's done for but is still trying to think of a way out to RICHARD who is ready to die with dignity and style) Count of Anjou, Brittany, Poutou and Normandy, Maine, Gas and Aquitaine, do sentence you to death. (Cut back to HENRY still in his pose) Done this Christmas Day in Chinon in God's year Eleven Eighty-three. (As he lowers his sword, we cut back to see them all. In a formal, measured way, HENRY moves across the damp stone floor to RICHARD. It seems a long walk.
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
68) 178) dialog: Surely that's not what I intended. Children ... children +e. they're all we have. (Unable to look at his sons, he waves them from the room) Go on. I'm done, I'm done, I'm finished with you. You and are finished. Never come again. (We draw back to take in his sons. GEOFFREY is the first to grasp what has happened. He gives a short sharp nod and starts into the shadows toward the cellar door. JOHN scurries after him. RICHARD hesitates -- as if he had something to say but can't -- then follows them out the door. (Cut to ELEANOR)
68) 185) dialog: I couldn't do it, Eleanor. (Cut to ELEANOR)
68) 187) dialog: I did. (Cut to ALAIS as she moves to ELEANOR)
68) 195) dialog: I want no women in my life.
68) 197) dialog: I could have conquered Europe, all of it, but I had women life.
68) 208) dialog: I've shot your world, you silly bitch, and there you stan honey and molasses. Sweet? You make my teeth ache. (And they are in each other's arms. (Cut to ELEANOR. It is more than she can bear to look at)
68) 210) dialog: Your benefit? (To ALAIS, gruffly, not taking his eyes from
68) 213) dialog: I've wasted fortunes, squandered lives, spent everything buy this pit. (He looks at it. Cut to the area from his POV. Voice over) I've got an eye for value. And I meant to do so much. (Cut to ELEANOR)
68) 215) dialog: Not from you. You put me here. You made me do mad things. You've bled me. een! i
68) 219) dialog: What losses? I've been cheated, not you. I'm the one with nothing.
68) 221) dialog: You don't. (We pull back. She is doubled up by the intensity of it, scarcely able to stand)
68) 223) dialog: I'll hold you. (She shakes her head, edges away)
68) 226) text: 116 138 Continued HENRY (Cont) It might help.
68) 228) dialog: {Going to one knee beside her) Let me do something, damn you. This is terrible.
68) 230) dialog: You will, you know. Wait long enough and it'll happen.
68) 232) dialog: We're in the cellar and you're going back to prison and m is wasted and we've lost each other and you're smiling.
68) 234) dialog: We have each other and for all I know, that's what hope i
68) 238) dialog: (Voice over) And they can see ours. (Cut to HENRY as he rises to his feet, a picture of enormous strength and majesty) I'm a match for anything. Aren't you? (Cut to ELEANOR looking up at him with the most profound affection)
69) 0) text: (Cut to HENRY & ELEANOR as they reach the top of the stairs, emerging into the bright golden sunlight of the courtyard. The day is glorious. They pause for a moment, drinking it in. Then HENRY turns to her and says - )
69) 1) dialog: Come along; I'll see you to your ship.
69) 3) dialog: There's always Easter Court.
69) 5) dialog: Come the Resurrection, you can strike me down again.
69) 15) dialog: 
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)
70) 9) dialog: You know, I hope we never die.
70) 11) dialog: You think there's any chance of it? (She smiles, then starts to laugh. He joins her in the laughter. The MUSIC rises as we begin to pull back and we cannot hear her reply. We can, however, see them talking as ELEANOR moves to the deck of the ship and takes up a position at the rail. (Cut to HENRY, waving, shouting toward the ship. (Cut to HENRY from ELEANOR'S POV. She is well out on the river and he stands on the wharf, the Main Gate of the castle behind him) (Cut to ALAIS, standing by the Main Gate, watching) {Cut to ELEANOR, still at the deck rail, watching) (Cut to HENRY. He turns and looks towards ALAIS, then turns to the river and looks towards ELEANOR. He throws his arms out in a gesture of animal vitality and joy) : (We rise higher and higher over Chinon, never quit losing sight of ALAIS walking by the gate. ELEANOR out on the water on her ship and HENRY, arms open to the world)