0) 2) text: (Cut to the OPPONENT from HENRY'S POV. It's JOHN, his son of 16, who, in 18 years, was to become the worst king in English history. Still pudgy with baby fat, he has a round open face that is enchanting when he smiles. He is frightened now and shaken up. (Cut to HENRY from JOHN'S POV. He glares down, sword in hand. Then, with a quick, gruff smile he reaches down and yanks JOHN to his feet) |
0) 7) dialog: Am I, Father? Am I really?
1) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and the KNIGHT. JOHN casts a look in HENRY'S direction. There is no love lost. As he turns back and dueling practice begins - (Cut to tent. Food for a royal picnic is hand- somely arranged. The FIGURE we saw is a girl. HENRY lies, his head on her lap. (Cut to the GIRL, close up. ALAIS CAPET is 23 and exquisitely beautiful. She is like a fine porcelain figure - fragile, delicate, pure, the only person in this story easy to break. She is happily and desperately in love with HENRY; it's all over her as she looks down at him)
10) 7) dialog: (Producing a smile) Nothing. (With a skip and a wave, JOHN resumes running down the corridor. We follow him as he turns a corner, reaches a great high door, tugs it open, slips through and starts racing down a broad exterior flight of steps into the castle yard.
11) 0) text: (We see the yard from JOHN'S POV. GEOFFREY, on horseback, is riding toward us. He waves back. The yard is a mob scene, crammed with SOLDIERS, SERVANTS, PEASANTS, tents, outdoor kitchens, livestock, poultry, horses, the lot. The SOLDIERS are lined up for morning chow. (JOHN threads his way through it all, reaching GEOFFREY as he dismounts)
11) 2) dialog: (A large bundle hangs from GEOFFREY'S saddle. Pointing to it) Is that for me? (GEOFFREY nods) I love Christmas.
13) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and GEOFFREY in the courtyard. There is a great clatter of horse's hooves behind them. they stop and turn. Cut to - (RICHARD arriving in the yard at full gallop. He reins in with great bravado and leaps from his horse. Cut to - (GEOFFREY starting toward RICHARD with a friendly wave of greeting. JOHN, glaring sullenly at RICHARD, hangs back, then follows GEOFFREY. Cut to - (RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY crossing the courtyard toward the stables. RICHARD leads his horse)
13) 2) dialog: Who?
13) 6) dialog: If I'm supposed to make a fuss and kiss her hairy cheek, won't.
13) 12) dialog: I'm Father's favorite; that's what counts.
13) 14) dialog: Just you remember: Father loves me best.
15) 0) text: (Cut to the castle from ELEANOR'S POV. JOHN, - RICHARD & GEOFFREY are standing there, by the Main Gate. (Cut to ELEANOR. Pleased and proud) Oh, but I do have handsome children.
16) 0) text: (Cut to ELEANOR, close up, as she busses JOHN on the cheek. We pull back and see that they are in the Parlour.
17) 0) text: (Cut to a broad hallway by a large closed door. ELEANOR is just reaching the door, RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY strung out behind her)
17) 4) dialog: OQ My fiancee.
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 45) dialog: Did you hear what he called me?
19) 47) dialog: I only do what Father tells me.
19) 49) dialog: Did I say something wrong? I'm always saying something wr
19) 57) dialog: (Pouting) I'm not.
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
22) 18) dialog: Mother --
22) 20) dialog: Father's finished working out the treaty terms.
23) 11) dialog: Whatever you've got goes to me.
23) 25) dialog: What about me? I'm your favorite, I'm the one you love.
23) 27) dialog: (Scurrying to his father) You could.
23) 29) dialog: You've led me on.
23) 31) dialog: (The tears start to come) You're a failure as a father, you know that?
23) 33) dialog: (He sinks down to the frozen ground, a sorry little heap. Pigs peer at him curiously from the enclosure just behind him) Not yet you're not. But I'll do something terrible and yo be sorry then. (Cut to ELEANOR)
23) 44) dialog: Poor John -- who says poor John? Don't everybody sob at o My God, if I went up in flames, there's not a living soul pee on me to put the fire out. (Cut to RICHARD)
23) 46) dialog: (Getting to his feet as we see the whole group) He hates me.
23) 50) dialog: What could you have done? You were never close enough.
23) 52) dialog: I was torn from you by midwives and I haven't seen you si
23) 55) dialog: (Softly, from the heart, the absolute truth) You're everything a little brother dreams of, you know th used to dream about you all the time.
23) 57) dialog: (Longing to go to her) That's right, Mother. Mother me.
23) 59) dialog: Let you? Let you put your arms around me just the way you never did? {They are close) You can do it. Think I'm Richard. (Tenderly, she holds him. Close to breaking) That's it. That's the way. Now kiss my scabby cheek and r your fingers through my hair.
23) 61) dialog: (It's more than he can bear. Wrenching away) No --! (Fighting back the tears) I'll show you, Eleanor. I haven't lost yet.
27) 0) text: (JOHN in his bedroom. “He sits hunched up on the end of his bed, drinking from a bottle. The sound of a door opening. He looks up, glaring. (Cut to GEOFFREY briskly entering the room. As GEOFFREY hurries toward him, JOHN says --)
27) 1) dialog: Where are you when I need you?
27) 3) dialog: I'm ruined. I've lost everything.
27) 11) dialog: We do? (GEOFFREY nods) Why?
27) 13) dialog: What kind of deal?
27) 15) dialog: You mean destroy him? (GEOFFREY nods) And Mother, too?
27) 17) dialog: I've got to think.
27) 19) dialog: (Close up as his peril dawns on him) Down? (Cut from JOHN'S stricken face to - (PHILIP seated, as before, at the chess table)
27) 21) dialog: 
27) 38) dialog: I'm still thinking.
27) 40) dialog: (To PHILIP) you think we'd win?
32) 0) text: (We see quick cuts of SERVANTS running. Then brief shots of JOHN, PHILIP, GEOFFREY, RICHARD & ALAIS as each turns sharply, startled. Then short glimpses of each of them racing along, tearing upstairs, downstairs, through halls and corridors.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
33) 1) dialog: What's wrong? What's happened?
33) 3) dialog: Now? He's getting married now?
33) 5) dialog: You can't hurt me, you bag of bile, no matter what you sa (Moving to HENRY, supplicating) But you can. Father, why?
35) 74) dialog: My God, I'm king again. Fantastic. It's a miracle. (He turns to GEOFFREY) Are you happy for me, Geoff?
36) 6) text: (In the best Erroll Flynn tradition, he effort- lessly vaults one low wall, then another. Then, without pausing, he gathers himself and vaults a final barricade. (Cut to RICHARD from below. The final barricade is a good twenty feet above us. We see RICHARD sailing down. (Cut to RICHARD, landing cat-like on his feet. He looks up. (Cut to TWO SOLDIERS, swords drawn, standing at the ready. From a distance, we hear a high pitched deliriously happy giggle. (Cut to RICHARD. He looks up.) (Cut to JOHN, high on the top of a wall, looking down. He waves a friendly wave.) (Cut to RICHARD glaring up at him with loathing. (Cut to a stout vine growing up a castle wall. Hands appear at the bottom of the picture. Swiftly, RICHARD appears, making his apparently effortless way up the sheer wall. RICHARD pauses a moment, looks down. (Cut to the ground from RICHARD'S POV. It is a long way down. (Cut to the top of the wall. It is a long way up. (Cut to RICHARD climbing again. Almost at once, he reaches the top of the wall, swings himself up. He looks about. The camera draws back to show him high on the. top of the towering Gate House that guards the entrance to the castle yard. (He moves to the front edge of the tower roof. There are vines on the outside. He looks further. Still none. Seemingly hesitating, he moves fearlessly over the edge. Hands and feet finding tiny crevasses in the rough-hewn stone, he starts down. (Cut to RICHARD further down the wall. He looks up. (Cut to the top of the tower from RICHARD'S POV. He has come a long way.
36) 7) text: 62 58 Continued O (Cut to RICHARD looking down. He looks away, is about to start climbing again, frowns, looks down a second time.) 59 (Cut to the base of the tower from RICHARD'S POV. It's a long drop. Something moves in the shadows. (Zoom down to JOHN & SEVERAL SOLDIERS, swords drawn standing on the drawbridge looking up at RICHARD. JOHN, hand over his mouth, is trying not to giggle. The urge is too great. Peals of delighted laughter burst out of him.) 60 (Cut to RICHARD, white with rage. He takes the dagger from his belt, takes careful aim and throws it.) 61 (Cut to JOHN, laughter dying in his throat. He is looking down at the wooden bridge near his feet. (Cut to RICHARD'S dagger, quivering in the bridge, no more than three feet away) 62 (Cut to RICHARD as he leaps the last ten feet of = the wall landing lightly near JOHN. He moves to OQ his dagger, picks it up. He moves to JOHN, gives him a look of pure hatred and stalks on past him back into the castle yard.)
37) 21) dialog: I thought I'd come and gloat a little. (Cut to all three as ELEANOR starts removing jewelry)
37) 27) dialog: It's no fun goading anyone tonight. (RICHARD storms into the room)
37) 43) text: 63 66 Continued (Cut to JOHN across the room)
37) 44) dialog: It's not so hard. Try saying after me. John wins, I lose. (RICHARD starts across the room to JOHN)
37) 46) dialog: You wouldn't dare.
37) 54) dialog: Oh, good God, Philip. We're supposed to start a war. If Father finds out, I'll be ruined. (JOHN starts for the door. GEOFFREY joins him)
37) 56) dialog: Some adviser you are. (JOHN hurries £rom the room as GEOFFREY says - )
45) 9) dialog: You stink, you know that? You're a stinker and you stink. (Cut to GEOFFREY. He doesn't bat an eye)
45) 11) dialog: I'll kill you. Where's a dagger? (He can't find anything. Then, seeing a lethal-looking massive candlestick, he grabs it, raises it high over his head and charges at GEOFFREY. (GEOFFREY crouches slightly as JOHN comes tearing at him. At the last moment, GEOFFREY sidesteps gracefully, tripping JOHN as he hurtles by. (JOHN sprawls out painfully on the floor. GEOFFREY glares at him, anger and derision on his face)
45) 17) text: Continued I had you saved. I wasn't on my way to Father but he was. would have gone to Henry and betrayed you. Look: it's in face. (JOHN looks up. Cut to PHILIP, then back to JOHN)
45) 18) dialog: (Convinced and dismayed) It's true. I don't know who my friends are. (There is a tapping at the door. PHILIP & GEOFFREY exchange a quick glance.)
46) 4) dialog: I've ruined everything. I'1l never learn. (JOHN & GEOFFREY duck behind the tapestry) (Cut to PHILIP standing by the door)
47) 105) dialog: You turd. (Cut to the full room)
47) 107) dialog: It isn't what you think.
47) 109) dialog: What Geoffrey said. I'd never plot against you, ever.
47) 111) dialog: Can I go now, please? It's late. I ought to be in bed. (HENRY grabs JOHN by the shoulders, shakes him)
47) 113) dialog: Will you listen to the grief.
47) 115) dialog: Me? Daddy did it all for me? When can I have it, Daddy? until we bury you? Not
47) 121) dialog: I got it. I know what you gave. (Cut to HENRY close up)
47) 123) dialog: You're a cold and bloody bastard, you are, and you don't anything. (Cut to HENRY. He is stunned, blank with shock) (Cut to GEOFFREY)
57) 0) text: (Cut to the dim, grim silence of the wine cellar. We see rough, damp, dripping stone wall in flickering light. We follow the wall down and, as we reach the floor, discover JOHN & RICHARD. (THEY are sitting on the floor, a candle between them. Behind them is a wine barrel. They are drinking. As we pull back, we see GEOFFREY standing a bit apart from them)
57) 1) dialog: What I say is we might as well be drunk.
57) 3) dialog: you know me. I'd only worry over all the wrong things.
57) 6) dialog: I know you. You only want to frighten me. (We see just their three faces, pale and tense in the dark)
68) 40) text: (Eleanor's GUARD is thrown clear of the recess. He ) lunges back. They fall, rolling and clanking about i in the shadowed niche. Slow-moving arms and ) thrashing legs. ! (We pull back to include ELEANOR. She wills herself to watch. There is a strangled cry. One ) pair of legs goes into spasm. She goes on watching as her GUARD rises, keys to the door in hand. i (Cut to the Wine Cellar. JOHN, RICHARD & GEOFFREY | are where we saw them last. JOHN lies sprawled out, asleep. RICHARD, apparently placid, lies starting at nothing. GEOFFREY sits, tense, his face a picture of concentration. The tiny candle on the floor is guttering out.
68) 42) text: 116 Continued O (Echoing down long corridors comes the distinct rattle of chains and bolts on the cellar door. JOHN wakes with a start. The others stiffen. (Cut to ELEANOR passing through the cellar door. Her GUARD, now wearing enough of the dead SOLDIER'S uniform to pass for a soldier himself, closes the door and stands by it, guard-like. (Cut back to the boys. They exchange looks as the sound of the closing door reverberates and dies. RICHARD is the first to rise)
68) 69) dialog: Stay here?
68) 72) dialog: I'd only do it wrong. You kill him and I'll watch.
68) 135) text: 116 Continued ELEANOR (Cont) Isn't there a chair? (We follow JOHN as he moves to her and hands her a glass of wine)
68) 136) dialog: Here. (ELEANOR takes the wine, then reaches out to touch his cheek. He draws away from her) None of that.
68) 166) dialog: Daddy? Take me back? Please? Can't we try again? (Cut to HENRY, trying to take in the idea)
68) 168) dialog: We always have before. (Cut to HENRY)
68) 171) text: 116 133 Continued (Cut to HENRY from JOHN'S POV as HENRY, his face dreadful, goes to one knee, crouching over his son, ready to shove the dagger into JOHN'S vitals. The man is absolutely going to do the deed)
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)