18) 0) text: (Cut to the courtyard from their POV. We see a very grand and formal state occasion. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN stand in formal ranks along the broad descending steps. All the COMMONFOLK have lined up, as commonfolk always do, along the edges of a broad aisle. SOLDIERS at attention, line the aisle. (Down the aisle marches a gorgeous, stately retinue of KNIGHTS & SOLDIERS. At their head is Philip, King of France. (PHILIP CAPET is 18 years old and absolutely gorgeous. He is tall, well-proportioned and handsome without being at all pretty. His manner is open, direct, simple and strikingly authoritative. He has been King of France for three years and has learned a lot. (PHILIP mounts the steps, stands before HENRY)
18) 2) dialog: Your grace.
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 3) dialog: (Bowing) Queen Eleanor.
19) 5) dialog: (Standing before him, stiff and formal) Sixteen years ago, you made a treaty with us. It is time terms were executed. The scene, through most of the following exchange between Philip and Henry, is a domestic one. ALAIS passes along them with a tray of drinks and hors d'oeuvres. ELEANOR settles comfortable, taking some needlework from a bag and works on it. JOHN busies himself decking the hall with boughs of holly. GEOFFREY, finding the hors d'oeuvres delicious, settles by a table that holds an assortment of them. Only RICHARD fails to relax. He stands apart from all of them, suspicious and hostile)
19) 7) dialog: Our position comes to this: that you either hold the marr or return the vexin. Alais marries Richard or we'll have county back at once.
19) 11) dialog: It's their wedding or the Vexin back. Those are the terms made with Louis.
19) 13) dialog: By what authority?
19) 15) dialog: I am a king: I'm no man's boy. HENRY. A king? Because you put your ass on purple cushions?
19) 16) dialog: Sir. (He turns on his heel, starts for the door) (Cut to HENRY & ELEANOR as they exchange amused glances )
19) 18) dialog: I'll mark that down.
19) 23) dialog: I've tutors of my own. Will that be all?
19) 25) dialog: Have you got an offer?
19) 27) dialog: I wasn't sure you'd noticed. (Cut to HENRY as PHILIP goes. HENRY turns, taking in his family. (Cut to HENRY'S POV. We see JOHN with holly, ELEANOR with her needle, GEOFFREY licking his fingers, ALAIS serving more wine and RICHARD glowering. (Cut to HENRY as he makes a friendly, expansive gesture)
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
26) 0) text: (Cut to PHILIP. He is seated at a table, playing chess)
26) 1) dialog: Half an hour. Good.
26) 8) dialog: If that's a warning, thank you.
26) 10) dialog: “What if" is a game for scholars: what if angels sat on pinheads.
26) 12) dialog: It's your game, Geoff. You play it.
27) 20) dialog: Well? Does John want a war or doesn't he? (We pull back as GEOFFREY steps forward, protecting
27) 23) dialog: If John wants a war, he's got one.
27) 41) dialog: I know it. (JOHN looks at GEOFFREY, then back to PHILIP, takes a deep breath and resolutely extends his hand. As GEOFFREY & PHILIP formally reach out for a three- way handshake, cut to --
32) 0) text: (We see quick cuts of SERVANTS running. Then brief shots of JOHN, PHILIP, GEOFFREY, RICHARD & ALAIS as each turns sharply, startled. Then short glimpses of each of them racing along, tearing upstairs, downstairs, through halls and corridors.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
35) 28) dialog: Dunce.
35) 30) dialog: He never meant to have the wedding.
35) 32) dialog: You're good at rage. I like the way you play it.
35) 34) dialog: I'm not a boy -- to you or anybody.
35) 36) dialog: Your life and never are two different times.
35) 46) text: 57 Continued (PHILIP, stiff with anger, turns and strides out of the Chapel. ALAIS, weak with relief, leans against the door frame. HENRY is just turning to her when - )
43) 0) text: (Cut to PHILIP inside his bedroom. The room is more luxuriously furnished than the others in the castle, PHILIP having brought his own refinements with him. There is a canope bed, wine glasses and decanter sit on a table. (PHILIP preparing for bed, wears a dressing gown. He is turning sharply when we see him. Cut to - )
44) 0) text: (GEOFFREY in the hallway as he taps again. PHILIP opens the door. GEOFFREY slips in, closes it behind him. He is keyed high; quiet, tense, excited)
45) 2) dialog: Do I have yours? All England's land in France if I suppor you?
45) 5) text: Continued (GEOFFREY nods. PHILIP looks at him speculatively)
45) 7) dialog: (Warmly taking his hand) We were born to be.
45) 17) text: Continued I had you saved. I wasn't on my way to Father but he was. would have gone to Henry and betrayed you. Look: it's in face. (JOHN looks up. Cut to PHILIP, then back to JOHN)
46) 3) dialog: That's what tapestries are for. (PHILIP starts toward the door. GEOFFREY tugs JOHN to his feet, bustles him toward the tapestry)
46) 5) dialog: Is someone there? I heard my name. (He opens the door. RICHARD stands in the doorway)
46) 7) dialog: Richard. Hello, Richard.
46) 14) text: (Cut to PHILIP standing by the table and wine decanter)
46) 15) dialog: Come in anyway. (He picks up the decanter, pours. RICHARD moves into the picture)
46) 17) text: O I'm Henry's prisoner. (PHILIP smiles) You find that charming?
46) 18) dialog: No.
46) 20) dialog: I thought, I can't think why, of when you were in Paris l Can it be two whole years ago?
46) 22) dialog: It will take the cold away.
46) 29) text: 67X1 Continued (PHILIP strolls away, moving casually about the room)
46) 30) dialog: Have I aged? Do I seem older to you? They've been two fie years. I've studied and I've trained to be a king. (Cut to RICHARD)
46) 32) dialog: You'll have it when I give it. (Charming again, he moves across the room to
46) 35) dialog: Sit and we'll discuss it. (RICHARD moves to the other chair and sits stiffly) You never write.
46) 37) dialog: Why should I make you King of England? Aren't I better of with John or Geoffrey? Why have you to fight when I could the cretin or the fiend? (Cut to behind the tapestry. JOHN indignant, GEOFFREY amused)
46) 39) text: 67X1 Continued (Cut to RICHARD & PHILIP) RICHARD j Would we fight?
46) 40) dialog: We're fighting now. Good night. (He starts to rise, the interview terminated)
46) 42) dialog: In some ways. Which way did you have in mind?
46) 44) dialog: You'll tell me.
46) 46) dialog: And what else?
46) 48) dialog: That's Geoffrey's.
46) 50) dialog: 
46) 54) text: 76 67X1 Continued (With each succeeding line, we cut back and forth in close up from RICHARD'S face to PHILIP'S)
46) 56) dialog: And what else?
46) 58) dialog: And what else?
46) 60) dialog: And what else?
46) 63) dialog: Does that make a difference?
46) 65) dialog: I've spent two years on every street in hell.
46) 75) dialog: When the times comes. (There is a tapping at the door. PHILIP & RICHARD, paralyzed, exchanged startled glances.)
47) 3) dialog: I'd hoped you'd come.
47) 10) dialog: He's not there. (We see them both as HENRY settles in RICHARD'S chair.
47) 12) dialog: Does it matter? If they haven't yet, they will.
47) 14) dialog: Yes; nothing is too little.
47) 16) dialog: No wonder he loved everyone.
47) 18) dialog: Piss on your peace.
47) 20) dialog: My father was a weeper.
47) 22) dialog: I can't lose, Henry. I have time. Just look at you. (Cut to HENRY, then back to PHILIP) Great heavy arms -- they'd crush me like a leaf of lettuc But each year they get a little heavier. The sand goes pi in the glass. I'm in no hurry, Henry. I've got time.
47) 25) dialog: Then France surrenders. I don't have to fight to win. Tak all you want -- this county, that one. You won't keep it (Cut to HENRY, scornful)
47) 27) dialog: The tidal kind: it comes and goes. (Cut to HENRY as he breaks out into a delighted smile and sits again. We see them both)
47) 29) dialog: You recognize it?
47) 31) dialog: I'd be foolish not to.
47) 33) dialog: Wouldn't you, in my place?
47) 38) dialog: Yes, exactly.
47) 40) dialog: Good night? you're going? (HENRY nods benignly) But we haven't settled anything.
47) 42) dialog: You can't be finished with me. (Cut to HENRY)
47) 44) dialog: What's so satisfactory? (Cut to HENRY)
47) 48) dialog: Not a thing. You haven't won a damn thing. (We see them both as HENRY moves Slowly to PHILIP saying - )
47) 50) dialog: (Voice over) You -- (HENRY stops and turns. Cut to PHILIP) You made my father nothing. You were always better. You bullied him, you bellied with his wife, you beat him down every war, you twisted every treaty, you played mock-the and then you made him love you for it. (He begins stalking toward HENRY) I was there. His last words went to you.
47) 52) dialog: I learned how much fathers live in sons. A king like you policy prepared on everything. What's the official line o sodomy? How stands the crown on boys who do with boys? (Cut to RICHARD in the bed, disbelief, shock on his face. It can't be happening) (Cut to HENRY as he moves away from PHILIP)
47) 54) dialog: He found me first when I was fifteen. We were hunting. It after dark. My horse fell. I was thrown. I woke to Richar
47) 60) text: 82 67X2 Continued touching me. He asked me if I loved him -- "Philip, do yo love me?" -- and I told him yes. (Cut to RICHARD in the bed. He is wracked with pain and rage. It is excruciating. (Cut to PHILIP & HENRY, close up) You know why I told him yes? So one day I could tell you about it. You cannot imagine what that "yes" cost. Or per you can. Imagine snuggling to a chancred whore and, bendi back your lips in something like a smile, saying: "Yes, I you and I find you beautiful." I don't know how I did it. Cut to the bed as RICHARD leaps through the curtains)
47) 62) dialog: But it was. (Cut to RICHARD)
47) 64) dialog: Never. (Cut to RICHARD as he turns to HENRY)
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)