2) 0) text: Richard! (TWO KNIGHTS on horse in full armor charging at each other with lances. One of the KNIGHTS is a giant of a man. They meet with tremendous impact. The GIANT KNIGHT is sent flying violently to the ground. (We are in the lists, watching a contest. It is not the set we're used to seeing - grandstands, canopies, banners. At this time, the lists consisted of the broad, shallow mud trench that lay between the inner and outer walls of a castle. It is primitive and crude, not glamorous. The audience either stands or sits on straw spread on the mud. There sit one or two crude benches for the most important nobles present. (The smaller KNIGHT, himself a large man, leaps from his horse, throws off his visor and we get our first look at RICHARD LIONHEART. (RICHARD, at 26, looks like his legend: handsome, impressive, fierce, powerful. He loves the blood and violence of war. He is caught up in this passion when we see him and his face is frightening. (He moves to the GIANT KNIGHT who lies stunned, sprawled in the mud. He draws his sword. He is going to kill the man. Cut to - (The audience. They are appalled but afraid to speak. Behind them, MARSHAL strides down toward the lists. Cut to - (RICHARD, sword poised. The GIANT KNIGHT stirs, making animal sounds of protest)
13) 0) text: (Cut to JOHN and GEOFFREY in the courtyard. There is a great clatter of horse's hooves behind them. they stop and turn. Cut to - (RICHARD arriving in the yard at full gallop. He reins in with great bravado and leaps from his horse. Cut to - (GEOFFREY starting toward RICHARD with a friendly wave of greeting. JOHN, glaring sullenly at RICHARD, hangs back, then follows GEOFFREY. Cut to - (RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY crossing the courtyard toward the stables. RICHARD leads his horse)
13) 3) dialog: Mother.
13) 5) dialog: We are not as friendly as we were.
13) 11) dialog: What you kiss, little prince, is up to you.
13) 13) dialog: (Stopping, looking down at JOHN, with quiet, total conviction) You hardly know me, Johnny, so I beg you to believe my reputation. I'm a constant soldier and a sometime poet an I will be King.
15) 0) text: (Cut to the castle from ELEANOR'S POV. JOHN, - RICHARD & GEOFFREY are standing there, by the Main Gate. (Cut to ELEANOR. Pleased and proud) Oh, but I do have handsome children.
17) 0) text: (Cut to a broad hallway by a large closed door. ELEANOR is just reaching the door, RICHARD, JOHN & GEOFFREY strung out behind her)
17) 2) dialog: Upstairs with the family whore.
17) 6) dialog: He still plans to make John king.
19) 0) text: (The door of the parlor, seen from inside the room. The door opens, HENRY again bows PHILIP through, then HENRY and ELEANOR follow. There is a general change of manner, from formal to informal as RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS follow into the room)
19) 29) dialog: (Moving into the picture) Would you say, Father, that I have the makings of a King?
19) 41) dialog: Would you expect me, Father, to give up without a fight?
19) 43) dialog: I don't care what you offer Philip. I don't care what pla you make. I'll have the Aquitaine and Alais and the crown won't give up one to get the other. I won't trade off Ala the Aquitaine to this - (He gestures toward JOHN. Cut to JOHN. VOICE over) -- this walking pustule. (Cut from JOHN'S outrage back to RICHARD) No, your loving son will not. (As he turns to go, cut to JOHN who rushes up to
21) 0) text: (The castle's Great Hall from their Pov. It is an enormous high ceilinged, stone walled room. Long trestle tables along the length of it. NOBLES & CLERGYMEN sit on benches at the tables. COURT MUSICIANS & ENTERTAINERS are poised on a platform at one side. SERVANTS stand forward at serving tables piled high with food. The royal table is at the far end of the hall on a platform. PHILIP, RICHARD, GEOFFREY, JOHN & ALAIS are there. (The hall is heated by a huge fire that blazes on the stones in the center of the room. Some of the smoke rises to escape from a hole in the ceiling. Torches are everywhere. The smoke is terrible. There is much howling from a multitude of dogs. (As HENRY. & ELEANOR more into the hall, the ORCHESTRA plays a fanfare and EVERYBODY rises.
22) 0) text: (We see a Christmas package on a table. Hands are tying a ribbon around it. We pull back to see ELEANOR seated at a table in her room. Behind her is a door. It opens. RICHARD steps through. Behind him in the corridor, the one-armed GUARD closes the door. RICHARD stays by the doorway, looking at his mother. She is aware that he's there but goes on wrapping the package. RICHARD moves from the doorway toward her, saying
22) 1) dialog: All right, I've come. I'm here. What was it you wanted?
22) 3) dialog: Is this an audience, a good night hug with kisses or an a
22) 5) dialog: My love, of all thing. What would you want it for?
22) 7) dialog: If I were you, I'd try another tack. I have no damned up floods of passion for you. There's no chance I'll overflo
22) 14) dialog: I think you want it back. You're so deceitful you can't a for water while you're thirsty. We could tangle spiders i webs you weave.
22) 16) dialog: (Not moving) Leave you, Madam? With pure joy.
23) 10) dialog: What are you giving up to Philip? What of mine?
23) 14) dialog: All three of us can try.
23) 16) dialog: I've got no sense of humor. If I did, I'd laugh.
23) 40) dialog: No - you'd make me fight to get it. I know you. You'd nev give me everything -
23) 45) dialog: Let's strike a flint and see.
23) 54) dialog: No, it's the midwives' fault. They threw the baby out and the afterbirth.
23) 62) text: 40 Continued (He starts to move off with dignity but can't keep it up. Bursting into tears, he breaks into a run. i (ELEANOR, RICHARD & GEOFFREY start moving thoughtfully across the yard, past squatting figures, small groups of SOLDIERS drinking. Dogs bar. The wind blows)
24) 2) dialog: Nothing.
24) 10) dialog: Don't play a scene with me.
24) 12) dialog: The only thing you want to see is Father's vitals on a be lettuce. You don't care who wins as long as Henry loses. You'd do anything. You are Medea to the teeth but this is son you won't use for vengeance on your husband. (ELEANOR rises, moving away from the vehemence of it. She moves to the low wall, stands looking out)
24) 18) dialog: (We see them both) I can count.
24) 28) dialog: Is that designed to hurt me?
24) 30) dialog: What do you want?
24) 32) dialog: That's not it.
24) 34) dialog: Now that's the Mother I remember.
24) 36) dialog: It's mine. I'll never give it up.
24) 43) dialog: Paper burns.
24) 45) dialog: You love nothing. You are incomplete. The human parts of are missing. You're as dead as you are deadly. (The pain on her face is real and deep) You were lovely once. I've seen the pictures.
24) 47) dialog: As coarse and hot as that. (She snatches her hand away and bares her forearm. A small knife is suddenly in her other hand)
24) 49) dialog: Mother. (Her arms are open. He comes into them)
32) 0) text: (We see quick cuts of SERVANTS running. Then brief shots of JOHN, PHILIP, GEOFFREY, RICHARD & ALAIS as each turns sharply, startled. Then short glimpses of each of them racing along, tearing upstairs, downstairs, through halls and corridors.
33) 0) text: (Cut to the central hallway. HENRY is pacing, fidgeting and fuming. ELEANOR, calm and composed, stands, watching him. HENRY turns abruptly as - (One by one, RICHARD, JOHN, GEOFFREY, PHILIP & ALAIS come hurrying into the hall through various doors. (JOHN reaches HENRY first. As he pulls up in front of his father, breathless, skidding toa stop - )
34) 1) dialog: 
35) 11) dialog: What's that again?
35) 13) dialog: Of course she did, I knew, I knew it. It was all pretense And I believed you. I believed it all.
35) 15) dialog: No wedding. There will be no wedding. (HENRY throws DURHAM a look of excruciating parental embarrassment as he draws RICHARD aside and whispers)
35) 17) dialog: Never.
35) 19) dialog: Damn the wedding and to hell with your position.
35) 25) dialog: Don't I? (HENRY throws a glance of badly-rattled desperation in DURHAM'S direction, then beckons PHILIP forward)
35) 27) dialog: Make a threat, why don't you. Scare me.
35) 29) dialog: Am I?
35) 47) dialog: Listen to the lion. Flash a yellow tooth and frighten me.
35) 49) dialog: How's your bad leg and your back and all the rest of it. You're getting old. One day you'll have me once too often
35) 51) dialog: I'm not a second son. Not now. Your Henry's in the vault, know.
35) 55) dialog: I'll have the crown.
35) 57) dialog: I am next in line. i i HENRY i To nothing. i
35) 58) dialog: Then we'll have the broadswords now.
35) 60) dialog: On the battlefield.
35) 69) dialog: Yes, we're at war. I have two thousand men at Poitiers.
35) 71) dialog: You don't dare hold me prisoner.
35) 73) dialog: (With great bravura as he goes) The castle doesn't stand that holds me. Post your guards. (ELEANOR, ALAIS, HENRY, GEOFFREY & JOHN stand watching him go. Cut to - (JOHN, close up, as the miracle dawns)
36) 0) text: (From black, we come up with a jolt on RICHARD. Sword in his hand, he is racing crouched and silent across a shadowed empty section of courtyard. i
36) 6) text: (In the best Erroll Flynn tradition, he effort- lessly vaults one low wall, then another. Then, without pausing, he gathers himself and vaults a final barricade. (Cut to RICHARD from below. The final barricade is a good twenty feet above us. We see RICHARD sailing down. (Cut to RICHARD, landing cat-like on his feet. He looks up. (Cut to TWO SOLDIERS, swords drawn, standing at the ready. From a distance, we hear a high pitched deliriously happy giggle. (Cut to RICHARD. He looks up.) (Cut to JOHN, high on the top of a wall, looking down. He waves a friendly wave.) (Cut to RICHARD glaring up at him with loathing. (Cut to a stout vine growing up a castle wall. Hands appear at the bottom of the picture. Swiftly, RICHARD appears, making his apparently effortless way up the sheer wall. RICHARD pauses a moment, looks down. (Cut to the ground from RICHARD'S POV. It is a long way down. (Cut to the top of the wall. It is a long way up. (Cut to RICHARD climbing again. Almost at once, he reaches the top of the wall, swings himself up. He looks about. The camera draws back to show him high on the. top of the towering Gate House that guards the entrance to the castle yard. (He moves to the front edge of the tower roof. There are vines on the outside. He looks further. Still none. Seemingly hesitating, he moves fearlessly over the edge. Hands and feet finding tiny crevasses in the rough-hewn stone, he starts down. (Cut to RICHARD further down the wall. He looks up. (Cut to the top of the tower from RICHARD'S POV. He has come a long way.
36) 7) text: 62 58 Continued O (Cut to RICHARD looking down. He looks away, is about to start climbing again, frowns, looks down a second time.) 59 (Cut to the base of the tower from RICHARD'S POV. It's a long drop. Something moves in the shadows. (Zoom down to JOHN & SEVERAL SOLDIERS, swords drawn standing on the drawbridge looking up at RICHARD. JOHN, hand over his mouth, is trying not to giggle. The urge is too great. Peals of delighted laughter burst out of him.) 60 (Cut to RICHARD, white with rage. He takes the dagger from his belt, takes careful aim and throws it.) 61 (Cut to JOHN, laughter dying in his throat. He is looking down at the wooden bridge near his feet. (Cut to RICHARD'S dagger, quivering in the bridge, no more than three feet away) 62 (Cut to RICHARD as he leaps the last ten feet of = the wall landing lightly near JOHN. He moves to OQ his dagger, picks it up. He moves to JOHN, gives him a look of pure hatred and stalks on past him back into the castle yard.)
37) 28) dialog: The bastard's boxed us up. (Cut to ELEANOR, utterly unconcerned, removing jewels)
37) 30) dialog: We're his prisoners if that interests you.
37) 32) dialog: It was -~ correct me if I'm wrong, but it was my impressi that you wanted Henry's throne for me.
37) 34) dialog: You think I'm finished, do you?
37) 36) dialog: I will be king.
37) 38) dialog: I can't. i
37) 45) dialog: What if John died? (Cut to JOHN, registering instant panic)
37) 47) dialog: (Moving into the picture) Why on earth wouldn't I? (RICHARD'S hand moves to his dagger. JOHN races across the room to the protection of his mother. She rises, looks balefully toward RICHARD)
37) 52) text: 63 Continued (We see them all as she draws them close together) For the love of God, can't we love one another just a lit that's how peace begins. We have so much to love each oth for. We have such possibilities, my children. We could ch the world. (They want to be loved. She wants to love them. As she starts to reach out for RICHARD, GEOFFREY says - )
37) 65) dialog: You talk to Philip. You're the diplomat; you see him.
46) 0) text: (Cut to RICHARD in the corridor. He darts a look one way, then the other. Satisfied he's still alone, he raps again and whispers - )
46) 1) dialog: ’ Philip. (Cut back to GEOFFREY as he bounds to his feet and indicating the tapestry where JOHN was hidden, asks - )
46) 6) dialog: I called it.
46) 12) dialog: You're half way to bed. I'll wait for morning. PHILIP t Come in. (He moves into the room. We stay with RICHARD in the doorway)
46) 13) dialog: Mother sent me.
46) 19) dialog: Then why the charming smile?
46) 21) dialog: It can. I need an army, Philip. (PHILIP hands him a glass)
46) 23) dialog: é I must have soldiers. 2
46) 31) dialog: I'll have your answer -- yes or no. (Cut to PHILIP as he spins sharply toward RICHARD)
46) 33) dialog: You see? I've changed. I'm not the boy you taught to hunt years ago. Remember? Racing after boar, you flying first; scrambling after, all day into dusk -- (RICHARD turns abruptly away from him, starts to go) Don't go.
46) 34) dialog: I must know: will you help me? (PHILIP sits in one of the chairs by the table)
46) 36) dialog: To anyone.
46) 39) text: 67X1 Continued (Cut to RICHARD & PHILIP) RICHARD j Would we fight?
46) 41) dialog: You're still a boy.
46) 43) dialog: You haven't asked how much my help is worth.
46) 45) dialog: You can have the vexin back.
46) 47) dialog: All of Brittany. (Cut to behind the tapestry. GEOFFREY angry now and JOHN amused) (Cut back to RICHARD & PHILIP)
46) 49) dialog: Does that matter?
46) 52) dialog: That's all your help is worth. i PHILIP And in return, what do you want from me?
46) 54) text: 76 67X1 Continued (With each succeeding line, we cut back and forth in close up from RICHARD'S face to PHILIP'S)
46) 55) dialog: Two thousand soldiers.
46) 57) dialog: Five hundred knights on horse.
46) 59) dialog: Arms and siege equipment.
46) 61) dialog: I never wrote because I thought you'd never answer. (Pull back to show them both. PHILIP is expressionless)
46) 62) dialog: You got married.
46) 64) dialog: Doesn't it?
46) 66) dialog: That's odd. I didn't see you there. (PHILIP rises, eyes on RICHARD. Then RICHARD stands. Slowly, PHILIP extends his hand. RICHARD takes it. PHILIP turns and, in measured step, starts moving toward the bed. RICHARD, still holding his hand, follows. (Cut to the interior of the bed. PHILIP'S hand comes through the curtains, draws them back. We see them through the opening)
46) 74) dialog: You haven't said you loved me.
47) 60) text: 82 67X2 Continued touching me. He asked me if I loved him -- "Philip, do yo love me?" -- and I told him yes. (Cut to RICHARD in the bed. He is wracked with pain and rage. It is excruciating. (Cut to PHILIP & HENRY, close up) You know why I told him yes? So one day I could tell you about it. You cannot imagine what that "yes" cost. Or per you can. Imagine snuggling to a chancred whore and, bendi back your lips in something like a smile, saying: "Yes, I you and I find you beautiful." I don't know how I did it. Cut to the bed as RICHARD leaps through the curtains)
47) 61) dialog: No -- it wasn't like that. (Cut to PHILIP, cold and cutting)
47) 63) dialog: You loved me. (Cut to PHILIP)
47) 65) dialog: Get out. Please! I don't want you here.
47) 67) dialog: So the royal corkscrew finds me twisted, does he?
47) 72) dialog: She knows. She sent me.
47) 74) dialog: You've had four sons. Who do you claim? Not Henry. Not my buried brother. Not that monument to muck, that epic idio Why him? Why always him and never me?
47) 76) dialog: Christ, Henry, is that all?
47) 78) dialog: You never called for me. You never said my name. I would walked or crawled. I'd have done anything. Oo (HENRY turns away, unable to face it)
47) 80) dialog: I only wanted you.
47) 82) dialog: Keep your kingdom. (Cut to HENRY close up as he wheels toward RICHARD)
47) 84) dialog: I hope it kills you. (Cut to HENRY, close up)
56) 19) text: 112 (Cut to FOUR SOLDIERS, swords drawn, from RICHARD'S POV. MARSHAL steps from the shadows, joins them. (Cut to RICHARD as he drops his dagger.)
57) 0) text: (Cut to the dim, grim silence of the wine cellar. We see rough, damp, dripping stone wall in flickering light. We follow the wall down and, as we reach the floor, discover JOHN & RICHARD. (THEY are sitting on the floor, a candle between them. Behind them is a wine barrel. They are drinking. As we pull back, we see GEOFFREY standing a bit apart from them)
57) 4) dialog: The fortress at Vaudreuil has dungeons down two hundred f If I were Father, that's the place I'd keep us.
68) 40) text: (Eleanor's GUARD is thrown clear of the recess. He ) lunges back. They fall, rolling and clanking about i in the shadowed niche. Slow-moving arms and ) thrashing legs. ! (We pull back to include ELEANOR. She wills herself to watch. There is a strangled cry. One ) pair of legs goes into spasm. She goes on watching as her GUARD rises, keys to the door in hand. i (Cut to the Wine Cellar. JOHN, RICHARD & GEOFFREY | are where we saw them last. JOHN lies sprawled out, asleep. RICHARD, apparently placid, lies starting at nothing. GEOFFREY sits, tense, his face a picture of concentration. The tiny candle on the floor is guttering out.
68) 42) text: 116 Continued O (Echoing down long corridors comes the distinct rattle of chains and bolts on the cellar door. JOHN wakes with a start. The others stiffen. (Cut to ELEANOR passing through the cellar door. Her GUARD, now wearing enough of the dead SOLDIER'S uniform to pass for a soldier himself, closes the door and stands by it, guard-like. (Cut back to the boys. They exchange looks as the sound of the closing door reverberates and dies. RICHARD is the first to rise)
68) 43) dialog: He's here. (The others get to their feet. There is nothing to say. RICHARD starts into a low, dark, twisting corridor. The others follow. (It is very dark. The corridor curves and curves. We follow as they twist along. ' (Softly, really to himself, RICHARD mutters) o He'll get no satisfaction out of me. He isn't going to beg.
68) 45) dialog: When the fall is all there is, it matters.
68) 46) text: I (We lose them as they go around a corner. | (Cut to the three of them crouching along. Far ahead of them, we make out an area of brighter ' light. (Cut to RICHARD, the others just behind him, moving into brighter light. He registers surprise. (Cut to ELEANOR. She is standing in the center of the large room near the cellar door. Several candles flicker on the walls. She carries the Christmas present)
68) 55) dialog: Is he going to keep us here?
68) 57) dialog: For God's sake, Mother -- (She slams the package down on the table. It makes a heavy, menacing metallic clatter. (Cut to RICHARD looking at ELEANOR. (Cut to RICHARD at the package, ripping off the ribbon and the wrapping, revealing a beautifully made small chest. He throws it open. We see a clutter of blunt, heavy, brutal looks daggers. (Cut to RICHARD as he strides toward ELEANOR)
68) 58) dialog: How heavy is the outside guard?
68) 60) dialog: What about the courtyard and the gates?
68) 62) dialog: (Moving to JOHN & GEOFFREY) We'll go to Poitiers. He'll expect that but we'll meet hi with an army when he comes. Keep close to me and when you run hard.
68) 71) dialog: You think we could?
68) 93) dialog: And be the one to put us in Vaudreuil, down two hundred f (Cut to ELEANOR)
68) 95) dialog: No. Geoffrey's right; we'll stay. (Cut to ELEANOR as she moves to RICHARD)
68) 97) dialog: Oh, oh, oh. There's nothing in your "oh's": they're empty
68) 99) dialog: Let me kiss the nasty scratch and make it well.
68) 103) dialog: You're more beautiful than ever. There is much that's beautiful if when it's absolutely pure. You are so foul y fair. You stand looking like a saint in pain when you bro us the knives to do you in.
68) 105) dialog: (Striding to the knives) you did bring these things. (He picks one up, holds it out towards her) You want him dead, you do it. (Cut to ELEANOR, close up. Spitting it at him)
68) 107) dialog: Unnatural, Mummy? You tell me, what's Nature's way? If poisoned mushrooms grow and babies come with crooked back goiters thrive and dogs go mad and wives kill husbands, w unnatural? Here stands your lamb. Come cover him with kisses. He's all yours.
68) 109) dialog: Where do you think I learned this from? Who do you think studied under? How old was I when you fought with Henry f
68) 111) dialog: How many battles did I watch?
68) 117) dialog: I never heard a corpse ask how it got so cold. What were thinking when you fought with him? (She is against the wall now, pressed to the damp stones. He keeps moving in until their faces are inches apart)
68) 119) dialog: of your unnatural animal?
68) 121) dialog: You wanted Father dead.
68) 123) dialog: You tried to kill him, didn't you?
68) 125) dialog: Why?! What did you want?!
68) 127) dialog: You lie.
68) 149) dialog: (striding angrily into the picture) What do you want from us? You must be mad. Why did you ha to come here? Damn you, why'd you come?
68) 159) dialog: You're going to lock us up. (HENRY neither nods nor shakes his head) You've got to. You can't ever let me out ... You know you can't. I'll. never stop.
68) 165) dialog: But you're Henry. (Cut to JOHN. He has backed off into a corner)
68) 177) text: 134 116 Continued ) (Cut to HENRY & RICHARD, close, aS HENRY comes to a stop before him. RICHARD, eyes unswervingly on his father, stands motionless. HENRY slowly raises his sword -- higher, higher -- (With a howling cry, HENRY brings the sword whistles down, that edge against RICHARD'S shoulder. It makes a stinging slap-crack of a sound. (RICHARD staggers slightly, masking the pain as best he can, staring steadily at his father. { HENRY'S face is bewildered, as if he has lost contact for a moment not knowing where he is or what he's doing. (The moment hangs suspended as the camera moves to the other faces. JOHN still whimpers, unable to grasp what has happened. GEOFFREY, eyes bright with anticipation, is still waiting for the violence. ELEANOR'S face tells us nothing at all. ALAIS'S fear changes suddenly to concern as, with a little gasp, she steps forward, then stops herself. She is looking at - o) (HENRY as, spent and shattered, he sinks slowly to the floor. He sits there seeing nothing)
70) 0) text: (She sweeps past him and out into the courtyard. HENRY moves after her, quickly catching up. We follow them a moment, losing them among the men and wagons of Henry's entourage. MARSHAL, nearby, watches them disappear. (As they slip from view, we take in the yard. The day is glorious and the air is full of noises -- livestock, poultry, men shouting, caroling, church bells. Everyone we see -- peasants working, soldiers drilling, eating, roistering about -- is filled with vigor and life. (A horse rides roughly through the mob, brutally hurling people aside. It's RICHARD. At the Main Gate, he stops, turns back, looks long and hard at -- (JOHN who is having trouble mounting his horse in another part of the yard. Once in the saddle, JOHN glares back at RICHARD and, turning, sends another glare at -- (GEOFFREY who, in. another part of the yard, stands by his mount adjusting his cloak. GEOFFREY breaks into an engaging smile, tosses JOHN a salute, turns away and tosses another to -- (PHILIP who, looking very regal and grand, is mounted at the head of the orderly ranks of his retinue. PHILIP returns a courtly nod, turns and nods again at -- (RICHARD who wheels away and gallops dashingly off as -- (We pick up HENRY & ELEANOR emerging from the line of wagons near the Main Gate. They are talking : animatedly but there is too much noise and we are too far away to hear. (Cut to GUARDS lining the drawbridge at the Main Gate. They snap to attention as HENRY & ELEANOR i move past them, then past the camera)