2) 0) text: SNOW/MOONLIGHT/THE SHADOWY BUILDINGS and the silence of t Nebraska winter except for the sound of the snowshoes. The snow has obliterated the Main Street of Big Whiskey g the impression that the dark, low buildings are scattered random. The only structure with any sign of life is Greel Beer Garden and Billiards which shows a glowing window an two horses out front and that is a hundred yards away fro the struggling silhouettes of the two men on snowshoes. T big one is LITTLE BILL DAGGETT and he is very big, wrappe in a huge bearskin robe. The smaller one is CLYDE LEDBETTER who isn't small though has only one arm.
2) 2) dialog: Hell, you know how Skinny is. Says he's gonna shoot 'em...an I says, "Skinny, you can't do that," an' he says, "Well, then get Little Bill down here an' let's settle this" an' I says, "Bill's sleepin', Skinny," an'... They make their way in silence through the snow, getting close now, close to Greely's and the lights.
3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
3) 27) dialog: I couldn't find no bullwhips, Bill. The German...
30) 11) dialog: You boys clean my Remington?
30) 14) dialog: (inspecting the pistol) Ha. He was building his fucking porch.
30) 19) dialog: (ejecting shells) "Course he's coming.
30) 21) dialog: I don't trust nobody to load my guns, not for a shootin'.
30) 23) dialog: Little Bill? He didn't say nothing. Like I said, he was buildin' his porch. Have you seen that thing?
30) 25) dialog: (to Fatty) I just don't wanna get killed for lack of shootin' back. (to Charley) You know there ain't a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch... or in the whole house for that matter. He's the worst fucking carpenter.
30) 27) dialog: (putting the 3rd pistol in his belt) Asked what they looked like, that's all. Christ, maybe he's tough but he sure ain't no carpenter.
30) 30) dialog: (amazed) Little Bill? Him scared?
30) 32) dialog: (looking at the frightened faces of Charley and Andy) Little Bill come out of Kansas an' Texas, boys. He worked them tough towns.
30) 34) dialog: (with meaning) No. He wasn't scared, boys. He just ain't a good carpenter.
87) 0) text: CLOSE on Ned's face, nose bloodied, eye blackened, as he rides down the Main Street of Big Whiskey escorted by six cowboys (including Texas Slim, Johnny Foley and Lippy 96. MacGregor) and Clyde and Andy. Ned's wrists are tied and looks sullen and... scared. Little Bill and WW Beauchamp are standing on the porch of the County Office when the little group pulls up attended numerous onlookers. Little Bill looks Ned over coolly as addresses Clyde.
87) 2) dialog: Nope.
87) 4) dialog: Didn't give us nothin' but his own name... Ned Roundtree.