0) 0) text: NIGHT IN ALICE'S ROOM. A little bit of moonlight coming i through the tiny window might make a highlight here and t but that's about all. Words begin to crawl across the scr WRITTEN WORDS (crawl) Of good family, albeit one of modest means, she was a comely young woman and not without prospects. Therefore it was at once heartbreaking and astonishing to her mother that she would enter into marriage with William Munny, a known thief and murderer, a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition. We can HEAR STRAWBERRY ALICE and DAVEY BUNTING breathing heavily and the bed creaking.
0) 4) text: (Crawl cont'd) It wasn't until 1881... three yeats later... that a cowboy named Mike cut up a whore in Big Whiskey, Nebraska in the Niobrara River country. (end crawl) MIKE'S VOICE 0.S. Davey, come a runnin' lad an' hold the thieving cunt... A blur of action as Davey leaps from the bed and dashes o of the room naked...
1) 4) dialog: Wh-what you gonna do, Mike? 3. Mike is doing it now and Delilah is screaming while he ca her face with the barlow knife and blood is all over, splashing on Davey and Davey, who is just a kid, after al nineteen with a big shock of unruly red hair and innocent blue eyes, is horrified.
1) 6) dialog: Mike, don't, Jesus, don't...
3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
3) 20) dialog: (nodding) I... I got f-f-f-four.
3) 23) text: Guess you boys just as soon not have no trial an' fuss, huh? Davey and Mike nod, willing to say anything Little Bill w
10) 0) text: The muddy North Road and the two riders, and they are Qui Mike and Davey Bunting leading their ponies in, passing a crudely painted sign that says: "Ordinance 14. No firearms in Big Whiskey. Deposit them a County Office. By Order of Sheriff."
11) 4) dialog: River was swole so we couldn't cross her. Davey is holding the halter of a little paint and when SK starts to inspect the pain, Davey pulls the pony away.
11) 5) dialog: You got two of mine. This here one ain't yours. Skinny and Davey lock eyes and Skinny is wondering how fa to push it when SPLAT!... Davey gets a face full of mud. The three men turn to see the whores coming around the si of Greely's, all except Delilah, and they are throwing mu scooping it from the sloppy street and... MIKE gets a hit on the chest and then on the face and he gives an ugly look and wheels his horse and digs in his s and heads North at a trot and mud continues to rain on hi as the whores jeer.
11) 8) text: Quit that. Surprisingly, Davey turns his horse right into the barrag of mud and taking it in the face and on the chest he dismounts. His paint takes a big gob of mud on one eye an Davey wipes the mud off tenderly.
11) 9) dialog: This here pony... I brung it for the lady... the one my partner cut. The whores stop throwing mud abruptly. There is a pause.. and they can see that he is just a kid, and that he is so as hell and that he is about to cry and they are touched, especially Little Sue. 16.
11) 10) dialog: It's the best of the lot... better than the ones I give him. (indicating Skinny) She could sell it or... what she wants.
11) 12) dialog: He ain't m-m-mangy, ma'am, he... SLOP. Davey gets it in the face with a big gob of mud as Alice resumes fire and SPLAT, the paint gets it. Faith and Silky and Kate hesitate just a moment... and th they dig in and start jeering and throwing again and Litt Sue bends down slowly and picks up some mud and then she just stands there with it, almost crying, and watches the cowboy turn away under a barrage of mud and mount his pon and ride out, mud hitting him all over and the women jeer and running after him in the muddy street.
65) 0) text: VIEW on the BAWLING CALF and the red hot iron coming out the fire. It is midday in the box canyon and the four cowboys, Texas Slim, Johnny Foley, Lippy Macgregor and Da Bunting are branding strays and Johnny has the calf down ready for the pigging string but the calf kicks loose and knocks Johnny into the fire and the other three cowboys a guffawing, their sweaty faces full of the camaraderie of hardworking men who might get irritable by the end of the 83. day but not yet. And then like a flash, still laughing, young Davey is on his paint and riding like hell after th stray and it is beautiful to watch because he and the pai are like one. CRACK! A rifle shot and the pony does a violent somersaul and Davey goes over in a spray of dirt and fifty yards aw Texas Slim, Lippy and Johnny stare in frozen horror. The downed pony spurts blood from his nostrils, and Davey right leg is pinned under the dying paint's flank and the are maybe fifteen yards from the edge of the canyon and Davey's first thought is the pony.
65) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus, fella... (shouting) Boys, my pony's hurt... And turning he sees the three cowboys standing fifty yard away, frozen in their tracks.
65) 2) dialog: Boys... And they suddenly turn and run away toward some rocks and is only then that the terror hits Davey and in a sudden p he tries to get free of the horse.
65) 3) dialog: Oh, Jesus, boys, my leg's broke. I'm pinned, boys.
66) 0) text: VIEW on Ned, his face covered with sweat, the Spencer aga his cheek and he is crouched among some boulders up the c wall about three hundred yards from Davey and Munny is lo over Ned's shoulder and The Kid is trying to see, too, squinting desperately, but he can't see shit.
67) 0) text: VIEW on Davey and dust kicking up a foot away and the ext terror gives him the strength to pull free of the horse.
69) 0) text: VIEW on Davey and he is crawling clear of the horse but h leg is broken and it's hard and he looks toward the rocks where his friends are hiding sixty yards away.
71) 0) text: Davey crawling and CRACK! The dust kicks up eight feet aw He is ten yards from the boulders and it is agony to craw
73) 0) text: Davey crawling frantically and CRACK!... dust explodes on inches from his head and he is pulling himself franticall and he is only three yards from safety.
75) 0) text: VIEW ON dust puffing as Davey's legs disappear behind the boulder, and there is a low groan. 87.
77) 0) text: Davey lying behind the boulder and the whole front of him soaking in bright red blood and the sun is beating down.
77) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus... I'm hurt... I'm hurt. They shot me...
79) 0) text: Davey is lying there behind the boulder drenched in blood looking up at the blazing noonday sun.
79) 1) dialog: (shouting) I'M DYIN', BOYS. He pauses then, and then he speaks in a normal voice, as though to himself, to express his amazement, to test real
79) 2) dialog: I'm dyin'. (pause) I'm dyin'. (shouting, panicked)
82) 0) text: NIGHT, CLOSE VIEW on torchlight flickering on Davey's wax face and dead eyes as Eggs, Germany Joe and Paddy haul th blood-caked body from the back of a buckboard. WW is look on queasily, taking notes, and behind him the street is a