1) 0) text: DELILAH is backed up against the wall, her face bleeding, and she is throwing the contents of her chamber pot on MI who is advancing on her with an open barlow knife and Dav busts into the room naked and Alice follows him and peopl are shouting in other rooms.
3) 0) text: DELILAH ON HER BED, her face covered with blood-soaked ra except for her eyes. Alice has hot water and is ministeri to her and Little Bill is looking down at her from his enormous height, still in his bearskin. He looks disguste
3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
3) 13) text: (showing the paper) This here's a lawful contract... betwixt me an' Delilah Fitzgerald, the cut-whore. Now I brung her clear from Boston, paid her expenses an' all, an' I got a contract which represents an investment of capital.
3) 34) text: Alice, tend to Delilah. For a long moment Alice just stands there glaring.
4) 0) text: DAYLIGHT AND A BASIN OF BLOODY WATER and Little Sue is ju dipping another towel in the hot water next to Delilah's bed, changing the bandages. All the whores are there in various states of dress, lounging on the floor, leaning against the wall.
9) 1) text: Delilah's face! The cut-whore. Skeins of criss-crossing raised flesh, a vicious web of scars dominated by her eye that are deep and beautiful. She's hanging clothes on a clothes line on Big Whiskey Hi the gentle slope above the town. Alice, Little Sue, Silky Kate, and Faith are close by, hanging clothes or washing them in the gurgling stream. Faith is the first to glance down the hill toward the tow and to notice. She draws in her breath and turns to Alice and catches her eye and Alice looks down.
11) 0) text: The whores on the hill. One by one, with no words exchang they feel the silence and turn and exchange glances and t glance at Delilah. She winces and turns back to hanging clothes.
63) 0) text: DAYLIGHT and the cut-whore's face. Delilah is leaning ove Munny wiping his brow. He is lying in the straw looking u at her and he looks like shit... his face ghastly pale an stubbled and covered with horrible cuts and bad stitching but his eyes are clear.
63) 2) dialog: (embarrassed, getting up) You ain't dead. Delilah goes over to her horse and gets some packages out the saddle bags. Munny tries to sit up weakly.
63) 4) dialog: (angry, hurt) You don't look nothin' like me, mister.
63) 6) dialog: (coldly) They went out scouting when they saw your fever broke. 80.
63) 8) dialog: On the Bar T... looking for... them.
63) 10) dialog: (still cold) Three days. Are you hungry?
64) 0) text: CLOSE on robins, four of them in the woods near the shed Munny is watching them where he sits wolfing chicken hung his back against the shed. Delilah is watching him eat.
64) 2) dialog: I brought your hat. You... left it down at Greely's.
64) 4) dialog: Little Bill? He thinks you went North. Munny can't help it and his eye flicks back to the ankle.
64) 5) dialog: Are you really going to kill them?
64) 7) dialog: Them other two, they been takin' advances on the payment.
64) 9) dialog: (shyly) Free ones. Her body is getting to him.
64) 11) dialog: Alice an' Silky gave them... free ones.
64) 13) dialog: (shy, timid) You want... a free one.
64) 15) dialog: (covering her hurt) I didn't mean... with me. Alice and Silky, they'll give you one... if you want.
64) 19) dialog: Your wife?
64) 21) dialog: (after a pause) I admire that, you being true to your wife. I've seen a lot of... of men... who weren't.
64) 23) dialog: She back in Kansas?
83) 0) text: Alice's room and the whores. They are sitting glumly in t dim light of a simple lamp. Little Sue is wiping tears aw and Delilah is staring blankly.
83) 1) dialog: (to no one in particular) I didn't think they'd really do it.
83) 3) dialog: (vacantly) That Kid... he's just a... boy. And that other one, Bill, being true to his wife...
83) 5) dialog: (shocked, hurt) He said...