2) 0) text: SNOW/MOONLIGHT/THE SHADOWY BUILDINGS and the silence of t Nebraska winter except for the sound of the snowshoes. The snow has obliterated the Main Street of Big Whiskey g the impression that the dark, low buildings are scattered random. The only structure with any sign of life is Greel Beer Garden and Billiards which shows a glowing window an two horses out front and that is a hundred yards away fro the struggling silhouettes of the two men on snowshoes. T big one is LITTLE BILL DAGGETT and he is very big, wrappe in a huge bearskin robe. The smaller one is CLYDE LEDBETTER who isn't small though has only one arm.
3) 0) text: DELILAH ON HER BED, her face covered with blood-soaked ra except for her eyes. Alice has hot water and is ministeri to her and Little Bill is looking down at her from his enormous height, still in his bearskin. He looks disguste
3) 1) dialog: She ain't gonna die, huh? You can now see fear in Delilah's eyes, and the other who ...CROW CREEK KATE with crazy pop-eyes and frizzy hair, a LITTLE SUE who is fifteen and meek even when she isn't terrified, and FAITH who is the oldest of them and not ve attractive and SILKY who is blonde and the prettiest... a watching from vantage points in the doorway or in the roo
3) 3) dialog: (stopping and turning) No?
3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
3) 7) dialog: Clyde, step across to the German's an' fetch up one of his bullwhips. Stark terror on the faces of Davey and Mike as Clyde exit
3) 9) dialog: (sucking on his pipe) Whippin' ain't a little thing, Alice.
3) 12) dialog: No?
3) 14) dialog: (sympathetic to the argument ) Property.
3) 16) dialog: You figure nobody'1ll want to fuck her.
3) 19) dialog: (making up his mind and turning to the shivering cowboys) You boys are off of the Spade Outfit. Got your own string of ponies?
3) 21) dialog: You?
3) 23) text: Guess you boys just as soon not have no trial an' fuss, huh? Davey and Mike nod, willing to say anything Little Bill w
3) 24) dialog: (to Mike) Alright. You done the cuttin’... Come the thaw, you bring in five of them ponies an' give 'em over to Skinny here.
3) 26) dialog: (to Davey) An' you... you give over two ponies, hear? - Clyde bangs in out of the snow with a buggy whip in his h
3) 28) dialog: Don't matter, we don't need no whips. (to Mike and Davey) Spring comes an' Skinny don't have them ponies, I'm gonna...
3) 30) dialog: I fined 'em instead.
3) 32) dialog: (approaching her) Ain't you seen enough blood for one night? Hell, Alice, they ain't loafers nor tramps nor bad men. They're hard workin' boys that was foolish. Why if they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...
17) 1) dialog: Oh, shit, shit an' damn, oh fuck my mother and my father, o damn an' jesus. Little Bill is hopping around in his hat and boots and no else in front of his brand new one story, four room, fram house that hasn't been painted it's so new and doesn't ha a porch yet, though that is being begun... sort of. In fact... the house doesn't look quite right... looks a lit lopsided. Skinny Dubois is standing there, in the clearing wiping h brow and catching his breath and watching Little Bill.
17) 3) dialog: (surprised) Huh? Hullo, Skinny. Snuck up on me. (indicating the house proudly) How do you like her?
17) 5) dialog: Roof? Jesus, Skinny, I done practically every damn thing myself. Roberts boy hauled wood, that's all.
17) 7) dialog: (enthusiastically) Porch. I'm puttin' a porch on her so's I can puff my pipe of an evening an' drink my coffee an' watch the sun set. Little Bill is back at it, hauling a four by six into position.
17) 8) dialog: (over his shoulder, proudly) You come clear up here just to get a look at her? The train whistle screams loudly below in the valley and turning nervously, Skinny can see a puff of steam above t distant trees.
17) 10) dialog: Yeah?
17) 12) dialog: (chuckling) Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna be the first of the billiard barons.
17) 14) dialog: An' all them cowboys been riding that beef down to Kansas an' Cheyenne?
17) 16) dialog: All week?
17) 18) dialog: Word must have got all the way to Texas by now.
17) 20) dialog: (sitting down) They really got all that money, them whores?
17) 22) dialog: That much, huh?
17) 24) dialog: (sharply) I could run off them whores. 23.
17) 26) dialog: (glumly ) Nope. They'll stay out on the Spade country where they got friends. The train whistle screams down in the valley and the trai is chugging in the distance, pulling out, headed South.
32) 5) dialog: Hullo, Bob. Boys, this here is English Bob.
32) 7) dialog: Been a long time, Bob. You run out of Chinamen?
32) 9) dialog: (feeling his chin) Well, I was always tasting the soup two hours after I et it.
32) 15) dialog: I heard that one myself, Bob. (MORE )
32) 17) dialog: Hell, I even thought I was dead til I found out it was just I was in Nebraska. (pause) Who's your friend?
32) 21) dialog: You work for the railroads too, Mister Beauchamp?
32) 23) dialog: Letters?
32) 25) dialog: (fighting amazement) And WW is reaching for a pocket.
32) 30) dialog: (his pistol half-drawn) A book, huh? (returning his pistol and glancing at the piss) I guess that means you can read...An' I guess you boys seen them signs about surrendering your firearms... But then, like you told old Andy there, you ain't armed, are you, Bob?
32) 32) dialog: (cold as ice) I guess not, Bob. I don't like guns around. With a sardonic glance at the arsenal trained on him Engl Bob gives a shrug and holds open his coat in surrender, exposing two fancy holstered pistols. Little Bill gives Andy a head signal and Andy steps forwa and takes the pistols from English Bob's holsters.
32) 33) dialog: Charley, see what kind of "books" Mister Beauchamp is packing... but watch you don't get we
32) 36) dialog: (reading with effort) The... Duck of Death.
32) 38) dialog: Give me the .32, Bob. Furious, English Bob turns and looks into Bill's eyes and then, seeing no alternative, opens his vest esposing a sm pistol.
32) 40) dialog: (taking the pistol) Enemies, Bob? You been talking about the Queen again? On Independence Day? A lot of the tension has gone out of the occasion and the crowd is beginning to murmur and people are starting to m and a couple of kids are running when suddenly... CRUNCH! English Bob's face seems to cave in with the forc of Little Bill's fist and Bob literally flies backward an slams into the side of the barber shop.
32) 48) dialog: I guess you think I'm kickin' you, Bob... but it ain't so. (WHAM, another kick) What I'm doin' is talkin', hear? I'm talkin' to all them villains down in Kansas an' them villains in Cheyenne... (WHUMP )
32) 49) text: Lettin' em know there ain't no whores' gold... Little Bill turns and looks hard at the whores and Alice sick from the violence and Little Sue is biting her lip a Silky has tears in her eyes.
32) 50) dialog: (turning back to Bob and kicking him) ...an' how if there was... how they wouldn't want to come lookin' for it anyhow. Little Bill looks down with eyes as cold as ice and Engli Bob grovels in the bloody dust, barely conscious. 43.
39) 2) dialog: (referring to the book) Them boys look like real hard cases. Did you kill all seven of ‘em dead, Bob... or did you just wing some of "em? English Bob is lying on his back on a cot in the little c a few feet away. He turns his head toward Little Bill and his swollen face is horrible to behold. Of course, he doe answer except with the nasty eye.
39) 3) dialog: That is you there, ain't it, Bob? The Duck of Death?
39) 5) dialog: Oh yeah... Duke. Well, Bob, you always was hell an' Jesus with a pistol... but seven of ‘em, an' you protectin' the lady too... How'd you do it? English Bob just turns his malignant stare away but WW sc up his courage and asserts himself... sort of.
39) 7) dialog: Well, Mister Beauchamp... from what I read of this here book, I'd have to say the writin' ain't a whole lot different from the pitcher. 53.
39) 9) dialog: (opening the book) Meaning the duck himself, I guess.
39) 11) dialog: (harshly) Duck, I says. (reading badly) "You have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman, Corcoran," said the duck. "You must apologize." But Two Gun Corcoran would have none of it and, cursing, he reached for his pistols and would have killed them but The Duck was faster and hot lead blazed from his smoking sixguns." (he tosses the book on the desk, disgusted)
39) 13) dialog: (standing up) Well, Mister Beauchamp, I was at the Blue Bottle Saloon in Wichita the night English Bob killed Corky Corcoran... an' I didn't see you there... nor no woman, nor no two- gun shooters nor nothin' like that.
39) 15) dialog: First off... Corky didn't carry two pistols, though he should of.
39) 17) dialog: Some folks did call Old Corky "Two Gun" but not because he was sportin' two pistols but because he had a dick so big it was longer than the barrel on that Walker Colt he carried. An' the only insultin' he done was stickin' that big dick of his in some French Lady that Old Bob was sweet on... Well, one day Corky walked into the Blue Bottle and before he knows what's happening Bob takes a shot at him... and misses on account of he's drunker than hell. Ww is fascinated and he looks to Bob and BOB'S eye is bla and he looks back at Little Bill who is beginning to act the scene.
39) 18) dialog: Well, that bullet whizzin' by panicked Corky, an' he done the wrong thing! Pulled his gun in such a damn hurry he shot off his own toe. Meantime, Bob aims good and squeezes off another... but he's so drunk he misses again an' hits the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar. Well, now the Duck of Death is good as dead "cause this time Corky does right an' aims real good, no hurry...
39) 20) dialog: Bam! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand... which was a failing common to that model. Now if Corky would have really had two guns instead of just a big dick he could have defended himself to the end.
39) 22) dialog: Well he wasn't gonna wait for Corky to grow no new hand. He walked over real close, bein' drunk, an' shot him through the liver. Www stares first at English Bob and then at Little Bill, appalled.
43) 2) dialog: Faster? Fast was his mistake. If he hadn't of been in such a goddamn hurry he would not have shot off his toe with his first shot and he would have killed old Bob. (lecturing) See, son, bein' a good shot an' bein' quick with a pistol... that don't do no harm... but it ain't much next to bein' cool. Little Bill pulls out his pistol very deliberately... not slowly, but not like a Hollywood fast draw. 58.
43) 3) dialog: A man who will keep his head an' not get rattled under fire... he will kill you like as not. Little Bill is pointing his pistol, aiming.
43) 5) dialog: He will be hurryin' and he will miss. That there is as fast as I can pull an' aim an' hit anythin' more'n ten feet away... unless it's a barn.
43) 7) dialog: (laughing and holstering his pistol) Then he will kill you. That is why there are so few dangerous men like old Bob there... an' like me. It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow... an' if the sonofabitch is shootin' back at you... well, it'll unnerve most fellas. (struck with an idea) Look here, let me show you somethin'. (he reaches into a drawer in the desk and pulls out a pistol) See this here pistol? ww looks at the pistol uneasily and over in the cell Engl Bob's one eye opens and he moves his head slightly becaus he senses something is happening. Little Bill holds the pistols out to Ww.
43) 8) dialog: Take it. (WW hesitates) Go on, take a hold. Nervously WW accepts the gun as though it were hot. Littl Bill pulls some keys out of a drawer and tosses them on t desk.
43) 9) dialog: Them's the keys. All you gotta do is shoot me an' you an' English Bob can ride out free as birds. 59.
43) 11) dialog: Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't. You got to cock it though. ww looks nervously over at English Bob and Bob's eye says "Do it, do it, do it." Ww gulps and he pulls back the hammer and stands up and l at Bob again and Bob is nodding "Yes, yes, do it."
43) 12) dialog: An' you got to point it. (pause) Go on, point it. Slowly, with trembling hand WW raises the gun and points at Little Bill who looks calmly back at him.
43) 13) dialog: All you gotta do is pull on the trigger, mister. WwW gulps and sweat comes off his forehead and he points shaking gun and Bob nods "Yes" and WW bites his lip and then... Ww lowers the gun slowly. He can't do it. He wipes his forehead.
43) 14) dialog: Hot, ain't it? (reaching for the gun) You never even put your finger on the trigger. Little Bill is reaching for the pistol but WW has a frightening idea and instead of giving up the pistol he s backward toward the cell.
43) 16) dialog: Go ahead... give it to him. English Bob's eye lights up in anticipation and he tries get up on one elbow. 60.
43) 18) dialog: (like ice) Give it to him. English Bob is sitting up and reaching for the gun and hi eye is on Little Bill and WW reaches out with a shaking h and ENGLISH BOB'S hand just touches the gun and... Little Bill drops his right hand to his own gun and grips the butt and... ENGLISH BOB hesitates, his gaze locked with LITTLE BILL'S and the two men eye each other. Then, furious, ENGLISH BO withdraws his hand... empty.
43) 19) dialog: (grinning) Guess he don't want it, Mister Beauchamp. Little Bill accepts the pistol from the trembling W and, looking straight into ENGLISH BOB'S angry eye, LITTLE BIL ejects five cartridges from the chambers of the pistol.
43) 20) dialog: You was right not to take it, Bob. I would of killed you. WwW collapses into a chair and wipes sweat from his brow.
46) 1) dialog: (to Chandler) Give them keys to the conductor and tell him he can loose the cuffs off of Bob soon as he's out of the county. Little Bill is standing beside the mud wagon and WW is standing next to him and a little knot of onlookers forms semi circle.
46) 3) dialog: Oh yeah. Little Bill unwraps a cloth and produces the ivory-handle peacemakers... smashed and hopelessly bent. And he gives them to Bob and looks him in his one furious eye. 63.
46) 4) dialog: I guess you know, Bob, how if I see you again I'll just start shootin' right off an' figure it's self- defense. That's fine with English Bob. He glares back and the two men understand each other perfectly and then Chandler whi the horses and the wagon starts to roll.
46) 5) dialog: I ain't stealin' your biographer, Bob. Stayin' on was his idea. And WwW stands there beside Little Bill and gives Boba shiteating look and English Bob just glares and rolls awa
51) 0) text: DRIP DRIP DRIP. A chamber pot on the floor of Little Bill house collecting water from a leak in the roof and Little Bill is walking about in stocking feet, making a speech.
51) 1) dialog: "No," he says, "you are wrong Little Bill. That there is no Curly J but a bobbed J." He had worked it over, you see? WW Beauchamp is sitting in a chair scratching frantic not with a quill pen... and a splotch of water hits the paper and he glances up because there is a new leak. 66.
51) 2) dialog: (continuing, oblivious) "Jim," I says, "You are a liar anda horsethief." Now -- when he seen them others wasn't gonna help him none -- he started in to cryin' and sobbin' and sayin'... (mimicking) "Don't kill me, Little Bill, don't kill me, please don't kill me." ww is trying to write and trying to slide away from the l without interrupting Little Bill who is delighting in his own narration, oblivious to the new leak.
51) 3) dialog: (in his own voice) "Well, Jim," I says, "it makes me sick to see a man struttin' around and packin' two pistols an' a Henry rifle and cryin' like a baby." ww Did you... kill him?
51) 4) dialog: No,... but I can't abide them kind... an' you will find a lot of them in the saloons... tramps an' drunk teamsters an' crazy miners... sportin' pistols like they was bad men, but not having no sand nor character... not even bad character. ww is really getting wet and he is moving the chair.
51) 5) dialog: (on his own wave length) I do not like assassins an' men of low character like your friend English Bob... but Bob ain't no coward who will cry to your face an' then... ww Uh... Sheriff... Uh...
51) 6) dialog: Huh? Oh. (looking up sadly) Another one, huh? Shit, I guess I'm clean out of receptacles.
51) 8) dialog: (jaw dropping) What?
51) 10) dialog: On a night like this? What the hell? Opening the door he reveals Charlie Hecker, wearing a sli and shedding water like a waterfall.
52) 13) dialog: I says, "You'll want to give over your pistol." Munny can see Charley moving slowly along the wall on the left for position... and Fatty is over on the right, Skin beside him... and WW is by the door shifting nervously an the checker players are frozen in their seats and Munny c feel them all... watching him.
52) 15) dialog: (almost friendly) Ordinance says you got to turn in your firearms to the County office day or night. I guess you didn't read it with the weather an' all.
52) 17) dialog: (not friendly any more) Them friends of yours in the back, they carryin' pistols?
52) 19) dialog: You're spillin' your whiskey, mister.
52) 21) dialog: What's your name?
52) 23) dialog: Well, Mister Hendershot, if I was to call you a no good sonofabitch an' a liar, an' if I was to say you shit in your pants on account of a cowardly soul... well, I guess then, you would show me your pistol right quick an' shoot me dead, ain't that so?
52) 25) dialog: I guess you just carry it for snakes an' such.
52) 27) dialog: (cold) There ain't no snakes in here, Mister Hendershot.
52) 30) dialog: (turning to Ww) Mister Beauchamp, this here is the sort of trash I was speakin' of. Munny is struggling to his feet and staggering weak-kneed the table where he grabs the whiskey bottle and breaks it off and turns groggily to face Little Bill. Little Bill, unperturbed, advances on him and when Munny strikes desperately with the bottle, Little Bill blocks h blow easily and slams him hard with the muzzle of the pis and Munny goes down again.
52) 31) dialog: (to ww) You will find these kind in the saloons of your prosperous communities. (WHUMP, he kicks Munny) But you will not find none of them in Big Whiskey. Munny is on the floor on all fours, trying gamely to get 71.
55) 1) dialog: Let the man out, WW. He is desiring to leave the hospitality of Big Whiskey behind him. 72. Munny is crawling past WW's legs and WW looks down at the miserable semi-conscious creature and he sees clearly the left hand and the three fingers as they fight for tractio and then WW steps to the door and opens it and Munny craw into the rain and the night.
56) 0) text: SLAP! Alice gets Little Bill's big hand across the face.
56) 2) dialog: (to Alice) If they was just here for the fuckin', how come they lit out the back window?
56) 5) dialog: (snorting) Billiards! (to Little Sue) An' they was just passin' through?
56) 8) dialog: Innocent of what?
81) 0) text: VIEW on the roof, late afternoon, and Little Bill is craw around up there with a bucket of tar which he has got on moustache and his face and he looks up because he hears t clatter of hooves.
81) 4) dialog: (sheepish) Makin' some repairs.
82) 5) dialog: (calmly) Never mind about them horses, Fatty. Just you ride out to the Bar T an' make sure that other cowboy stays put an' don't expose himself, hear?
84) 0) text: Little Bill and the crowd and the torches outside the Cou Office and suddenly there is a commotion and shouting and everybody turns North and... Fuzzy is riding into town at full gallop shouting at the of his lungs.
84) 3) dialog: Alive?
84) 5) dialog: He admit it?
84) 7) dialog: Those cowboys messin' him up?
84) 9) dialog: (to Clyde) You an' Andy get the hell out there. Find out where them other two went.
87) 0) text: CLOSE on Ned's face, nose bloodied, eye blackened, as he rides down the Main Street of Big Whiskey escorted by six cowboys (including Texas Slim, Johnny Foley and Lippy 96. MacGregor) and Clyde and Andy. Ned's wrists are tied and looks sullen and... scared. Little Bill and WW Beauchamp are standing on the porch of the County Office when the little group pulls up attended numerous onlookers. Little Bill looks Ned over coolly as addresses Clyde.
87) 1) dialog: He tell you where them others is?
87) 3) dialog: He give 'em names?
87) 5) dialog: Well, Ned, you'll want to tell me an' Mister Beauchamp here all about them two villainous friends of yours, I guess. (to Clyde and Andy) Bring him in, boys, for I will be glad to know the names and the whereabouts of those other two murdering sonsofbitches.
89) 0) text: CLOSE on Ned's face jammed against the bars of the cell i the County Office. He has been tied to the bars outside t cell so that he is, more or less, spread-eagled in an upr position with his bare back exposed to Little Bill and Ch Hecker and WW Beauchamp.
89) 1) dialog: Now then, Ned... you an'... uh... Mister Quincy an' uh... What was that young feller's name?
89) 3) dialog: That ain't what you said before, Ned. 98. Little Bill empties hot coals from the bowl of his pipe o Ned's shoulders and Ned writhes and grots his teeth.
89) 5) dialog: (looking at W's notes) Before you said Elroy Quincy out of Medicine Hat an' Henry Tate out of Cheyenne.
89) 7) dialog: (refilling his pipe) Charley, go bring them whores here that fucked these boys the night of the storm.
89) 9) dialog: Yeah... an' fetch a bullwhip out of the German's. Ned's face against the bars is covered with perspiration etched with fear as he hears the door close behind Charle
89) 10) dialog: (lighting his pipe) Now, Ned... them whores are gonna lie different lies than you... an' when your lie ain't the same as their lie... I ain't gonna hurt no woman, I'm gonna hurt you... not gentle like I been doin' but... baaaad. Ned swallows hard and sweats and waits.
98) 0) text: VIEW on Little Bill in the crowded bar and he is shouting make himself heard over the din.
98) 1) dialog: Alright, I'm gonna say just one more time so it's all clear an' then don't ask me no more. The place is packed with tired, dusty men and they are no really jubilant so much as they are excited by the hyster of events.
98) 2) dialog: (continuing) Now each of you that posse'd today has got one drink comin' off the county budget...
98) 4) dialog: ...an' whoever rode yesterday, gets one drink for that... 110.
98) 7) dialog: Hold it hold it. After them two, it's outta your own pocket... hear me, Skinny? ...an' we're pullin' out early tomorrow an' chase these fellas clear to Texas so I wouldn't spend much of your own money. There is a general whoop and hubbub as Little Bill turns back to his conversation at the bar with Charley, Fatty, Clyde, Andy and WW Beauchamp.
98) 8) dialog: Now if we divide up into four parties an' hit all the farms an' trails in a circle, we're bound to find some one who seen them skunks an'... Little Bill is suddenly conscious of his own loud voice i sudden silence that has swept the bar like a brushfire an turning he sees what everybody is staring at. Munny, with his ten-gauge shotgun leveled from the should is standing thirty feet away in the doorway. Taking a cou of sideways steps to get the door from behind his back an sweeping the twin barrels in an ominous arc, he surveys t scene.
98) 13) dialog: Hold on, mist... BAH-WHOOM! Munny fires and smoke belches and... Skinny is blown back against the wall and falls to the fl a bloody mess and... Little Bill is reaching for the Spencer which is leaning against the bar near his leg but he freezes because... Munny has turned the shotgun on him and Munny sees Ned's Spencer there and his eyes show how he feels about it. For a moment while the smoke clears the bar is silent and there are nervous glances cast at the bloody body of Skin but Little Bill keeps his eyes on Munny.
98) 14) dialog: Well sir... You are a cowardly sonofabitch because you have just shot down an unarmed man. It has become a very formal moment and there are, figurat speaking, only two people in the room, Munny and Little Bill... and WW Beauchamp is watching them, scared to deat but this is it, what all those Easterners dreamed about, showdown in the saloon.
98) 16) dialog: I guess you are Three-Fingered Jack out of Missouri, killer of women and children.
98) 20) dialog: He's got one barrel left, gentlemen. After he has used it, pull your pistols and shoot him down like the cowardly, drunken scoundrel he is. Little Bill looks back at Munny bravely and... Munny looks down the barrel at Little Bill and after a te moment he pulls the trigger. CLICK. The hammer falls but it is a misfire and what happ next happens in maybe five seconds as all hell breaks loo
98) 21) dialog: (drawing) Misfire! Kill the sonofabitch! And Little Bill aims carefully and... Munny hurls the shotgun at him and... BLAM!... Little Bill fires wildly as the shotgun hits him and... Clyde has his pistol out and is pointing it at Munny and. Munny is pulling the pistol from his own belt and he drop to one knee and... BLAM!... Clyde fires and misses and... Little Bill is about to squeeze the trigger when... BLAM!... Munny shoots him and... BLAM!... Little Bill shoots just as he is hit in the ches and... BLAM! BLAM!... Fatty fires wildly and... Munny is aiming too and BLAM!... Clyde gets it in the face and... BLAM!... BLAM!... Fatty isn't even aiming while... Andy aims carefully, he can kill Munny but... 113. Munny turns and points his weapon at Andy and... Instead of firing Andy panics and tries to turn his body sideways to ward off the blow and... BLAM!... Munny fires and... Andy gets it high in the rib cage and... Charley turns and runs for the back and... BLAM! BLAM!... Fatty is backing up and firing from the hi and then he turns to run and... Munny aims deliberately from one knee and BLAM!... Fatty goes down, shot in the back... And suddenly... there is a terrible silence that is broke only by the awful, dying groans of Clyde and the coughing the bystanders hiding behind tables and chairs in the thi black smoke and... Munny is still down on one knee pointing his pistol and looking through the thick smoke for someone to shoot but seems there are no threats left.
98) 40) dialog: I don't... deserve this... to die this way. I was... building a house.
98) 42) dialog: (the pistol in his face) I'll see you... in hell, you three- fingered asshole. BLAM! Munny shoots Little Bill and then he looks around a Clyde is still groaning and that is the only sound. Then, suddenly, he is all business. He walks quickly over to Cl and shoots him once with the Spencer and the groaning sto 116. Then he goes to Little Bill's body and pokes around in th pockets and pulls out some shells for the Spencer. He shoves those in his pocket and he goes to the bar and picks up the bottle of whiskey and walks over to the door Standing to one side, he kicks it open. Then he sets down the rifle and the bottle and starts to reload the Schofie and while he loads it he shouts out the door.