3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
18) 3) dialog: I'll be damned. It's Billy Munny. Ned is about forty, balding, a farmer, but not as seedy looking as his old friend, Bill Munny.
18) 6) dialog: (warmly) Come on in outta the sun, Bill. Sally, you see to Bill's horse. Munny nods an uncomfortable thank-you to Sally as Ned lea him toward a house that is very different from Munny's. I is a two story frame house freshly painted and surrounded a well-tended garden, a tool shed, a barn and lush fields As the men disappear into the house Sally leads the Albin toward the barn. Her sharp eyes don't miss the stock of t shotgun where it protrudes slightly from the bedroll. Her eyes seem to see even into the future... and all they see trouble.
19) 0) text: CLOSE on CLEAN CERAMIC COFFEE MUGS as NED takes them from tidy cabinet in his cozy kitchen with the cast iron stove the solid table. Munny is sitting at the table looking moodily into space.
19) 1) dialog: (earnestly) We ain't bad men no more, Bill. Hell, we're farmers.
19) 3) dialog: (taking the pot from the stove) How long since you shot a gun ata man? (pause) Nine... ten years?
19) 5) dialog: Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that it was all that easy then... an' we was young an' full of beans. (pouring coffee) Bill... if you was mad at ‘em... if they done you wrong... I could see shootin' 'em... 25.
19) 7) dialog: (sitting down) Well, we thought we was doin' it for money... (he pauses, remembering) What'd they do anyhow? Cheat at cards, steal some strays, spit ona rich fella?
19) 9) dialog: (after chewing on that one) Well, I guess they got it comin'... (and he pauses and looks Munny in the eye) But you wouldn't go if Claudia was alive. It hits Munny like salt in a wound and he just takes it. They both know Ned is right and they think about it silen Finally Munny speaks glumly.
19) 11) dialog: How long you gonna be, Bill?
19) 13) dialog: This Kid, what's he like? 26. Munny turns and looks at Ned and their eyes meet and Munn realizes Ned is coming.
19) 14) dialog: Three ways?
19) 16) dialog: (grinning) Yeah, an' I could still hit a bird in the eye flyin'.
20) 0) text: Munny landing with a thud in the dust and picking himself hurriedly and casting a sheepish glance over his shoulder Ned as he makes another awkward effort to mount the mare.
20) 1) dialog: (amazed at this performance) Jesus, Bill.
22) 0) text: SUNSET, and Ned and Munny riding in open country.
22) 1) dialog: He musta been movin' right along.
23) 0) text: Night and the sizzling campfire as Ned empties the grease from the frying pan into the fire. Munny is already lying down, fussing in his blankets to g comfortable and the crickets are chirping up a storm. 27.
23) 2) dialog: (getting into his blankets) Well, it ain't just the bed I'm gonna miss. I'm... (he stops suddenly) Hell, Billy, I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
23) 4) dialog: Sally?
23) 6) dialog: It's just... she's a Indian an' Indians ain't... overfriendly.
23) 8) dialog: Well, she...
23) 11) dialog: You was a... a crazy sonofabitch.
23) 13) dialog: You ain't like that no more.
23) 15) dialog: Nor Quincy, I guess.
23) 17) dialog: You ain't like that no more.
23) 19) dialog: Hell, Bill, I always liked you... even back then. Ned settles in his covers and so does Munny and the crick chirp for a long moment but Munny can't sleep with the li
33) 0) text: Open country under a hot sun and Munny and Ned riding the horses at a walk and the saddles creaking and birds chirp in the five foot high grass. It is late morning in Northe Kansas and they have been riding since dawn, mostly in silence, but Ned has something on his mind and he glances Munny and frowns and then finally he blurts his question.
33) 1) dialog: Say, Bill... You ever... ever go into town... an' all?
33) 3) dialog: No. I mean... (embarrassed) ...an' get yourself a woman? You know? Munny looks away quickly, embarrassed, and it seems like isn't going to answer and then, when he finally does, he keeps his eyes on the horizon.
33) 5) dialog: (rhetorically) Whaddaya do, just use your hand?
33) 10) dialog: Some fucker's shootin' at us.
33) 12) dialog: (alarmed, seeing blood) He hit you?
33) 15) dialog: He ain't shootin' our way no more. (MORE )
33) 17) dialog: (indicating the left) He's shootin' over that way. Who's he shootin' at over that way?
33) 19) dialog: You suppose maybe we're in somebody's field?
33) 21) dialog: Fuck, he's shootin' at us again. CRACK, CRACK, CRACK.
33) 22) dialog: Jesus, he's shootin' up the whole fucking horizon. Munny is thinkinh about it, has an idea, weighs it and gi it atry.
33) 24) dialog: You're marking us, Bill.
33) 26) dialog: Kid? The Kid's shootin at us?
33) 29) dialog: Why would the Kid shoot at us?
35) 3) dialog: (angry) ; What was you shootin' at us for, anyhow? 47.
35) 7) dialog: Well, this here's Ned Logan...Ned, this here's the Schofield Kid, nephew of Pete Sothow an’...
35) 12) dialog: (picking up The Kid's rifle) Better'n you anyhow, Kid. You wasn't comin' close.
35) 14) dialog: I was only checkin' it for you. Thought maybe somethin' was bent.
35) 16) dialog: Well, you was shootin' every which way an'...
36) 6) dialog: Clouds, Kid. We was lookin' at them clouds on account of we got a storm ridin' up our ass.
37) 0) text: A dry stream bed and the three men are riding single file now with The Kid in the lead but Ned has been thinking an trotting with his horse, he pulls alongside The Kid.
37) 1) dialog: You was right to change your mind, Kid.
37) 3) dialog: (proudly) I'm a damn good shot. (looking up) See that hawk up there? I could kill that hawk with one shot. VIEW on the empty sky. There isn't any hawk. VIEW on Munny who is right beside them is looking up and doesn't see any hawk and he looks at Ned like he thought was crazy and he frowns. 50. The Kid just looks up and squints and looks ahead at the trail and keeps riding.
37) 5) dialog: There ain't no hawk up there, Kid. And the Kid reins and turns and he locks eyes with Ned. H knows he's been found out.
37) 6) dialog: Can't see worth a shit, can you? The Kid is furious, his eyes flick around and he spots something and he pulls out the Schofield.
37) 13) dialog: (impressed but holding back) How far kin you see?
37) 15) dialog: We ain't goin' to Nebraska on no turtle hunt. A hundred yards? 51.
37) 17) dialog: (testing) See that scrub oak yonder?
37) 19) dialog: (to Munny) He's blind, for Chri...
37) 24) dialog: (under his breath) Jesus.
40) 0) text: Night in the woods and Ned fussing around with his blanke not far from the campfire.
40) 1) dialog: (irritably) No sir, I did not give up robbin' an' stealin' on account of I got religion. I give it up ‘cause I got too old for all this here nature. Munny is lying in his blankets a few feet away, exhausted and dirty and not a bit interested in Ned's complaints.
40) 2) dialog: I give it up 'cause I hate sleepin' out in the air... fuckin' sticks in my food... an' fuckin' bugs in my food... an' fuckin' rocks under my back... (crawling into the blankets) Shit, I sure do miss my fuckin' bed.
40) 4) dialog: Last night I said I missed my fuckin' wife... tonight I just miss my fuckin' bed. Lightning flashes and a horse whinnies and then the thund cracks and rolls.
42) 0) text: Munny and Ned lying near the campfire and The Kid walks u and starts to fix his blankets. He looks at Munny thoughtfully. Something's bothering him and finally he blurts it out as he climbs into his own blankets.
42) 7) dialog: (curt) Yeah.
42) 9) dialog: I don't like the question. 57.
42) 11) dialog: How many you killed, Kid?
42) 15) dialog: Aw shit!
45) 0) text: A LITTLE LATER. RAIN. Ned and Munny riding side by side through the downpour and The Kid twenty yards ahead, bare visible. Munny looks like shit and Ned looks at him with concern, deliberates, then reaches into his saddle bag an pulls out a bottle of whiskey and offers it.
45) 1) dialog: I brung this for when we had to kill them fellows. (Munny glances at it and looks away) I guess we could use some now.
45) 3) dialog: (exasperated) God damn it, Bill, it's rainin'.
45) 5) dialog: You think the Kid really killed five men? Munny just shrugs and looks back at the trail and keeps riding.
45) 7) dialog: What he was talkin' about... how them deputies had the drop on you an' Pete...
45) 9) dialog: I remember how there was three of them deputies you shot... not two.
45) 11) dialog: (after a while) You still think it'll be easy shootin' them cowboys? Munny shrugs and looks straight ahead into the rain. Of course, it won't be easy... and they both know it.
48) 0) text: THUNDER AND LIGHTNING and the train chugging through the storm. A second flash of lightning reveals three drenched riders near the tracks and one of them is having trouble controlling his white horse. Of course it is Munny and as he tries to hold the shying mare a flash of lightning lights up a passing railroad co and Munny gets just a glimpse of a strange battered face the window. The Kid is handing the whiskey bottle back to Ned and Ned offers it to Munny again.
48) 1) dialog: You sure, Bill? And Munny just shakes his head and wipes rain from his ey
49) 0) text: NIGHT AND RAIN and The Kid is chuckling drunkenly and han the bottle back to Ned who looks at it and tilts it way b They are riding along the South road in the dark. 65.
49) 2) dialog: You alright, Bill? Munny doesn't look alright. He looks like shit... looks sick. He doesn't answer and Ned looks worried and takes t last drops from the bottle and tosses it in the road near the ordinance sign which is too dark to read.
52) 0) text: CLOSE on the whiskey bottle and Ned is pouring the bright liquid into his glass and Munny is mesmerized by the dazz highlights. The two of them are sitting at a table in Greely's smokey, dimly lit bar room and the rain is beati on the roof and there is a checker game at a table fiftee feet away attended by Germany Joe Schultz, Tom Luckinbill farmer, Eggs Anderson, the local restauranteur and Paddy McGee the cooper. All of them are sneaking occasional, furtive glances at the strangers, as is Fatty who is talk to Skinny at the bar.
52) 1) dialog: ...in hell's takin' The Kid so long? You suppose he... (seeing Munny) Jesus, Bill you look like shit. Munny looks dazed and shakes his head to clear it.
52) 3) dialog: (startled) Huh? Uh... yeah.
52) 5) dialog: He's dead, Bill. 68.
52) 7) dialog: Jesus, Bill, you got fever. Take a drink, will you?
52) 9) dialog: (getting up) Listen, Bill, I'm gonna see what's takin' The Kid so long. Must be he's gettin' an advance offa them sportin' ladies. Ned starts for the back room, then stops and goes back.
52) 10) dialog: Say, Bill... If I was to... take a little while myself... I guess you... I guess you... I guess you don't want to come? Munny shakes his head "no" and, as Ned departs for the Billiard Room, Munny stares vacantly at the whiskey bottl
53) 0) text: Ned pushing The Kid out the window of Alice's room and Th Kid isn't fully dressed and neither is Ned but he pushes frantically into the rainy night anyway and Alice is urgi them on and Little Sue looks ready to wet her pants.
54) 0) text: Outside the window, NIGHT, RAIN, and Ned and The Kid tryi to get dressed in the mud and Alice sticks her head out t window.
54) 2) dialog: (to The Kid) Never mind your shirt, get them boots on. Ned is trying to get his own boots on and he goes down on his ass in the mud.
54) 5) dialog: Come on, Kid. I hope them horses is still there.
57) 0) text: The south end of town, NIGHT, RAIN and the Albino mare wa aimlessly with Munny slumped in the saddle and then two r come from between two shadowy buildings and it is The Kid and Ned and they come alongside Munny, one on each side o 73. him and Ned lifts his slumped head up and looks at the battered face and winces and says with his eyes what The says with his tongue.
58) 0) text: CANDLELIGHT, Ned and The Kid, and Ned is sewing Munny's f with a needle and thread.
58) 1) dialog: Hold him, dammit. It is some sort of straw-filled shed and they have stuck candle on a board.
58) 3) dialog: (working) Plenty of times. Munny is only semi-conscious and The Kid is holding his f still.
58) 5) dialog: Move the candle closer, I can't see.
59) 3) dialog: (irritated) He ain't as tough as you, Kid.
59) 5) dialog: Shit, Kid, you pulled your pistol... right outta the lady an' out the back window.
59) 12) dialog: (to Alice) We're gonna need more food... at least three days worth... 75.
59) 14) dialog: (a sharp look at The Kid) I don't kill nobody without him. (indicating Munny)
59) 18) dialog: An' medicine if you got it... The Kid walks over to the edge of the broken wall and fro the other corner Munny moans loudly and then screams.
60) 2) dialog: Depends what he told you. (pause) About Bill, you mean?
60) 4) dialog: We done that stuff.
60) 6) dialog: Kid, it ain't gonna mean nothin' to you, but the roof I built on my house, it don't have a leak in it... not one. (The Kid looks perplexed) Most folks think a school house is the first sign of civilizin'...but I say it's a good roof. Well, that amazes The Kid, being stuck here with these tr robber-bad men and now this shit about roofs and he just stares.
60) 8) dialog: Claudia... ain't here, Bill.
60) 10) dialog: Easy, Bill.
60) 12) dialog: Who, Bill? Who got snake eyes?
60) 14) dialog: Easy, Bill, easy. The Kid has walked over and is watching and it fascinates and scares him and he watches and swallows hard.
60) 16) dialog: (soothing) Well, that's good now, ain't it, Bill? Seein' Claudia an...?
62) 0) text: NIGHT in the shed, a little moonlight coming in through t open wall. The lantern is out and the sound is the sound Munny's labored breathing and Ned and The Kid are in thei blankets.
62) 2) dialog: Maybe.
62) 4) dialog: (after a pause) We'll bury him.
62) 6) dialog: You mean, am I gonna help you kill them cowboys?
62) 8) dialog: An' if I spot ‘em?
62) 10) dialog: Just like that?
62) 14) dialog: Yeah?
65) 0) text: VIEW on the BAWLING CALF and the red hot iron coming out the fire. It is midday in the box canyon and the four cowboys, Texas Slim, Johnny Foley, Lippy Macgregor and Da Bunting are branding strays and Johnny has the calf down ready for the pigging string but the calf kicks loose and knocks Johnny into the fire and the other three cowboys a guffawing, their sweaty faces full of the camaraderie of hardworking men who might get irritable by the end of the 83. day but not yet. And then like a flash, still laughing, young Davey is on his paint and riding like hell after th stray and it is beautiful to watch because he and the pai are like one. CRACK! A rifle shot and the pony does a violent somersaul and Davey goes over in a spray of dirt and fifty yards aw Texas Slim, Lippy and Johnny stare in frozen horror. The downed pony spurts blood from his nostrils, and Davey right leg is pinned under the dying paint's flank and the are maybe fifteen yards from the edge of the canyon and Davey's first thought is the pony.
66) 0) text: VIEW on Ned, his face covered with sweat, the Spencer aga his cheek and he is crouched among some boulders up the c wall about three hundred yards from Davey and Munny is lo over Ned's shoulder and The Kid is trying to see, too, squinting desperately, but he can't see shit.
68) 0) text: Munny and Ned and The Kid and Ned is shaking.
70) 0) text: Ned aiming and shaking.
74) 4) dialog: Two. And looking down the rifle Munny can see Davey's head disappear behind the boulder and CRACK, Munny fires again
78) 0) text: Munny sitting there, his back against the rock, staring vacantly and Ned looks the same.
80) 0) text: Munny sweating and looking up at the sun, and Ned staring vacantly.
80) 20) dialog: (not looking at them) Not me. Munny looks up sharply but Ned just looks straight ahead. Ned reins Kid.
80) 21) dialog: I'm goin' on down to Kansas.
80) 23) dialog: (looking him in the eye) You want the Spencer, Bill? (he holds out the rifle)
80) 27) dialog: I'll see you, Bill. See you, Kid. And he turns his horse and heads off across open country a trot and Munny watches him go till he's about fifty yar away.
80) 31) dialog: Supposin' he don't go to the ranch?
80) 33) dialog: (turning away) I ain't waitin', Bill. (looking back) I'll look in on your youngsters when I get back. 92.
87) 0) text: CLOSE on Ned's face, nose bloodied, eye blackened, as he rides down the Main Street of Big Whiskey escorted by six cowboys (including Texas Slim, Johnny Foley and Lippy 96. MacGregor) and Clyde and Andy. Ned's wrists are tied and looks sullen and... scared. Little Bill and WW Beauchamp are standing on the porch of the County Office when the little group pulls up attended numerous onlookers. Little Bill looks Ned over coolly as addresses Clyde.
89) 0) text: CLOSE on Ned's face jammed against the bars of the cell i the County Office. He has been tied to the bars outside t cell so that he is, more or less, spread-eagled in an upr position with his bare back exposed to Little Bill and Ch Hecker and WW Beauchamp.
89) 2) dialog: Tate. Elroy Tate. ww shakes his head at Little Bill and holds out his noteb for Little Bill to see.
89) 4) dialog: Hellif it ain't.
89) 6) dialog: Fuck if I did.
97) 0) text: VIEW on Ned's body in the upright coffin in the flickerin light of a torch standing next to it and, of course, Ned looks bad and the crudely scrawled sign over the coffin s "This is what happens to assassins around here."