5) 11) dialog: (emotional) This one's sick too? Munny ignores the question, already on his way to the miserable-looking shack.
7) 0) text: Will and Penny in front of the house, looking up at The K who is mounted again and Munny is standing there taking l of The Kid.
8) 2) dialog: Paw... two of them others ...I think they got the fever. Munny frowns and looks off at the horizon, lost in though
13) 0) text: CLOSE on a Mojav coffee tin as Munny places it on the fen behind his sod hut. Munny has the Starr in his right hand and he turns and walks back toward the house 15 yards awa Will and Penny are watching. They know something is going on, but they don't know how to ask what it is. Munny faces the coffee tin and solemnly extends his pisto arm straight out and carefuly sights along the barrel. 17. BAM! A burst of flame and a puff of black smoke from the gun. The Mojav tin hasn't moved. Slowly, carefully, Munny raises the gun again and aims wi great deliberation. BAM! The coffee tin doesn't move. Munny shakes his head slowly in disgust and aims again. BAM! Missed again. Munny gives a quick sheepish glance in the direction of t children. There is a lot of smoke. He aims again and BAM! He misses. Munny is irritated and he aims and fires hastily and flam bursts from the gun and smoke and The tin is unmoved. Will looks at his feet, embarrassed, not wanting to meet father's eyes. Munny stuffs the pistol in his waistband and disappears i the house. Will and Penny look at one another nervously, wondering w happening.
13) 1) dialog: Did Paw used to kill folks? Will doesn't answer and then he looks up because Munny st out of the house again, a sawed off Remington 10 gauge sh in his hands. Munny raises the double barreled weapon to his shoulder a aims carefully and... BARRRROOOOOM! The can flies away in pieces and some of th fence, too.
102) 0) text: DAYLIGHT and Penny sweeping in the doorway of Munny's sod hut in Kansas. She is intent on her work until she hears the snort of a horse and looks up and her jaw drops, and face lights up like the sun itself and, dropping the broo she dashes toward him.