1) 9) dialog: Get offa her, asshole. And he says it so cold and with such authority that every goes quiet.
3) 6) text: Davey sitting naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike sitting near him, still in his leggings and both men are shivering because they are fifteen feet from the potbelli stove where Clyde is standing watching them. It is a big room, with a crude bar and four tables and so moose and elk heads on the wall. The door near the rear where it says "Billiard Room" leads not to a Billiard Roo but to the six little "rooms" that are the whorehouse and and now you can hear Delilah groaning from there. And Little Bill enters from the back of the bar room, sto to pass through the doorway under the sign that says "Bil Room." Little Bill is huge and ominous. Some say he acquired the bearskin by staring the bear to death and others say he drowned the animal in spit. Anyhow, he's big with a droop moustache and he is sucking on his church warden's clay p and you know he isn't scared of anything. And the two cowboys are scared to death, not just shiveri from the cold, and Bill just looks down at them and sucks his pipe and Alice comes in from the back way too and the Skinny and a couple of the whores gather in the doorway.
3) 11) dialog: (he has a piece of paper in his hand) Shut up, Alice. Little Bill, a whippin' ain't gonna settle this.
3) 15) dialog: Damaged property. Like if I was to hamstring one of their cow ponies.
3) 17) dialog: Hell no. Leastways, they won't pay to do it. Alice is listening to this and her eyes are like coals an you can hear Delilah moaning in the other room.
3) 18) dialog: She could maybe clean up around the place or somethin', but nobody's gonna pay good money for a cut-up whore.
11) 3) dialog: You boys took a while. Couple more days I was gonna call on the Sheriff. The horses are gathered in front of Greely's and Skinny m among them inspecting them while the two cowboys remain mounted.
11) 6) dialog: Damn you. (SPLAT)
16) 0) text: Alice IN PAIN because Skinny is twisting her arm and they are in Alice's room... it is still night... and the other whores are there, scared, nervous.
16) 1) dialog: (furious) Where'd you get the money, huh?
16) 3) dialog: You told them cowboys you had it. 20.
16) 5) dialog: (lets her go) What you gonna do when somebody comes to collect? (yelling)
17) 2) dialog: Hit your finger, huh?
17) 4) dialog: (looking critically) Heard you done the roof yourself. 21.
17) 6) dialog: What's all that wood?
17) 9) dialog: Them whores... (he pauses, reluctant to go on) Little Bill isn't really paying attention to anything but his house.
17) 11) dialog: Them whores, they been fuckin' an' fuckin' all them cowboys that come into town the last two weeks...
17) 13) dialog: (ignoring him) ...They been fuckin' 'em, ‘an tellin' every bow-legged one of ‘em how they're payin' a thousand dollars to whatever sonofabitch kills them two boys which cut up Delilah. 22. Little Bill drops the board he's holding up and turns sha to Skinny. Down in the valley the train whistle screams a after a long, tense moment, Little Bill turns and looks o over the valley, frowning.
17) 15) dialog: (unhappily, dropping his eyes) Yup.
17) 17) dialog: (apologetically) I didn't hear nothin' till last night.
17) 19) dialog: (quickly) Oh, shit, Bill, I guess nobody's gonna come clear from Texas.
17) 21) dialog: (sitting beside Bill) You know how women kin lie... I knock "em around a little, ask 'em where the money is, they say they don't have none?...but they coulda squirreled away that much, the five of 'em. Maybe. (pause)
17) 23) dialog: (hopeful) You could run off them two cowboys.
17) 25) dialog: (after a pause) Well, I guess they'll just up an' run anyhow, them two.
17) 27) dialog: Shit, Bill, could be nobody won't come at all.
47) 5) dialog: Delilah, them tables ain't clean. Can't you get 'em clean? Delilah gets up and goes in, angrily brushing past Skinny the doorway. 64.
47) 6) dialog: (after her) Well, if you'd cover up your face, maybe somebody'd want to fuck with you an' you wouldn't have to do all the cleanin'. (to the others) Whaddaya call them things that cover the face?
47) 8) dialog: Yeah, a veil. Christ it's hot. There is a distant roll of thunder and Skinny looks off a the Southern horizon where storm clouds are gathering.
47) 10) dialog: (emphatically) Thank God.
52) 0) text: CLOSE on the whiskey bottle and Ned is pouring the bright liquid into his glass and Munny is mesmerized by the dazz highlights. The two of them are sitting at a table in Greely's smokey, dimly lit bar room and the rain is beati on the roof and there is a checker game at a table fiftee feet away attended by Germany Joe Schultz, Tom Luckinbill farmer, Eggs Anderson, the local restauranteur and Paddy McGee the cooper. All of them are sneaking occasional, furtive glances at the strangers, as is Fatty who is talk to Skinny at the bar.
56) 1) dialog: Easy, Little Bill, she's gotta work she's gotta turn a dollar a time. Little Bill glares at Skinny. They are in Alice's room an Charley is there and Little Sue and WW and it is pretty crowded.
98) 11) dialog: I... I own this establishment. I bought it from Greely for a thous... 111.