45) 1) dialog: Mama, please wake up. Mama, I'm frightened, please wake up. As Louis enters, he sees the woman is dead. Her eyes are being eaten away by rats. Louis gasps in horror. Claudia turns. She is a radiant doll or angel as she stretches out her hand to Louis.
45) 2) dialog: Monsieur, please help us. Papa's waiting for us at the ship. Please wake mama, Monsieur. She runs to him. Instinctively, he gathers her in his arms. He looks down pitying on her beautiful face.
50) 12) dialog: I want more.
50) 14) dialog: More.
50) 16) dialog: Being transformed. Becoming white yet robust, bright- eyed yet crazed. She shakes her beautiful curls and the dust falls from them. They are shining in the candlelight. Louis cannot stop looking at her. He does not notices as - The MAID enters.
50) 21) dialog: I want some more.
50) 23) dialog: Where is Mamma? The words echo in Louis' head, as he puts his hands to his ears.
50) 29) dialog: I'm not your daughter.
50) 31) dialog: Lou...eee... Louis is conflicted. He cannot leave her. He touches her cheeks, her hair. Same as his. Vampire skin and hair. He draws in his breath, shocked by her beauty, then he embraces her as a father might a daughter. He looks over her shoulder to Lestat.
53) 3) dialog: Let me kiss it better... Claudia brings the hand to her lips. The dressmaker abruptly pulls her finger away, in pain again. CLOSEUP - her finger, two holes showing.
54) 2) text: Claudia and Louis, sleeping in a coffin together, Claudia's fingers curling his hair.
55) 0) text: Claudia playing with dolls, each as perfect and beautifully dressed as she is.
56) 0) text: Claudia tinkling with her child's hands on the piano, picking out a hesitant tune.
57) 0) text: The tinkling of Claudia's piano is heard, over - A well-dressed lady, walking through a square lit by gaslight. The lady hears a child's sobbing and stops, turns.
57) 1) text: Claudia, the picture of lost innocence, sitting on a bench and crying.
57) 4) dialog: Mama...
57) 6) dialog: Mama... The woman takes Claudia in her arms. Claudia nestles her head in her shoulder, her teeth near her neck.
58) 0) text: A stern, stiff PIANO-TEACHER (male) beating time with a ruler as Claudia picks out scales on the piano. He raps her on the knuckles.
59) 0) text: Piano music over. Mozart, now well played. Claudia staring at a glass case, inside of which are an array of eighteenth century dolls. An old DOLLMAKER looks down on her.
60) 0) text: Claudia walking along, clutching the doll.
62) 0) text: Claudia and Louis looking through the window at a display of coffins. Claudia point at the smallest one.
63) 0) text: The child's coffin on the floor. The lid lifts. Claudia emerges, yawning, wanders through the flat into -
64) 0) text: Claudia playing the piano, now with remarkable dexterity. The piano-teacher sits mute beside her. As she plays, he topples over and falls to the ground. We see the puncture-marks in his neck. Lestat, hearing the noise, comes in.
65) 0) text: CANARIES sing in a cage, above a child's coffin. Claudia is writing at a secretaire. She is writing in a diary with a quill pen in an adult hand. She murmurs the date as she writes.
65) 1) dialog: September 21st, one hour after sunset. The sky is still violet, the way Louis loves and as always Lestat was gone when we rose. She looks up and sees Louis in the doorway, watching her.
65) 3) dialog: The way I learn everything. By watching you. She closes the diary.
65) 4) dialog: But you never let me see you kill, Louis.
65) 6) dialog: Infant death, he calls me. Sweet daughter death. You know what he calls you? Merciful death.
65) 8) dialog: Why does he call you that?
65) 11) dialog: Sit still. It's not finished - She begins to fill in the sketch.
66) 3) dialog: Circles the troupe. She comes to a small tent, behind it. At the entrance stands a midget youth.
66) 6) dialog: She's like me, Louis. Small and yet not small at all. Like me. Louis hurriedly draws her away.
67) 0) text: Claudia playing the piano, now like a demonic Liszt. Louis writing. Lestat appears in the doorway. He has a big box in his arms.
67) 1) dialog: Another doll? I have ten, you realize. FOCUS ON early 19th Century French dolls - wood, glass, wax, bisque - all around the bedroom, on chairs, on the bed. Some newish, some tattered old.
67) 3) dialog: Why always on this night?
67) 5) dialog: You always give me the doll on the same night of the year.
67) 7) dialog: Is this my birthday? He examines the other dolls.
67) 9) dialog: I have. Or there would be twice as many.
67) 11) dialog: You dress me like a doll. You make my hair like a doll. Why? Lestat doesn't answer. Claudia stands up quickly, and strides out into the -
67) 13) dialog: You want me to be a doll forever?
67) 15) dialog: Why not? She continues cutting. She sees Lestat emerge from her bedroom in the mirror behind her then turns to him, an angelic little boy's face now with soft curls around her face.
67) 16) dialog: Can't I change, like everybody else? She walks past him, back into her bedroom and slams the door. A beat. Louis looks from the mass of blonde hair on the floor to Lestat. Then a HORRID SCREAM pierces the silence. More screams, which become roars.
68) 1) dialog: Which of you did it? Which of you made me the way I am?
68) 3) dialog: And if I cut my hair again?
68) 5) dialog: But it wasn't always so! I had a mother once! And Louis - he had a wife! He was mortal the same as she! And so was I!
68) 7) dialog: You made us what we are, didn't you?
68) 9) dialog: 
68) 11) dialog: (whispering)
68) 14) dialog: Why yours alone? Tell me how it was done!!!!
68) 18) dialog: Tell me why... you've got to tell me... Louis carries her outside, onto the porch. There is an old flower-seller going by.
68) 20) dialog: And it means something else too, doesn't it? I shall never, ever grow up. She clutches Louis desperately.
68) 21) dialog: I hate him. But I cannot bear to lose you. You're the only companion I have, forever. You taught me everything I know. Please tell me Louis. Tell me how it came to be that I am this... thing... Louis strokes her beautiful face, her hair.
69) 0) text: Louis walking, holding Claudia as if he was about to lose her.
69) 4) dialog: You... fed on me?
69) 6) dialog: You both did it?
69) 8) dialog: And here it is. And I hate you both. She runs.
74) 1) dialog: Locked together in hatred - He turns, sees her sitting in the darkness. She is wearing a tiny nightgown of stitched lace and pearls, weirdly adult and seductive. She comes towards him.
74) 2) dialog: But I can't hate you Louis. She sprays perfume over her body as she comes nearer.
74) 3) dialog: Is this the aroma of a mortal child? She whispers.
74) 4) dialog: Louis. Lover. She kisses his cheek.
74) 5) dialog: I was mortal to you. You gave me your immortal kiss. You became my mother and my father. And so I'm yours. Forever. She takes his face in her hands.
74) 6) dialog: But now's the time to end it, Louis. Now's the time to leave him.
74) 8) dialog: Oh... really?
75) 0) text: A sailing ship, by the docks. Louis and Claudia talking to a shipping-clerk.
76) 0) text: Lestat playing the piano. Louis reading. Claudia enters, wearing a cape and hat. She walks to the piano, sits at the end of the piano and stares at him as he plays.
76) 2) dialog: (sweetly)
76) 5) dialog: Is that supposed to frighten me?
76) 7) dialog: I suppose we could people the world with vampires, the three of us.
76) 9) dialog: You're a liar. But you upset my plans.
76) 11) dialog: I came to make peace with you, even if you're the father of lies. I want things to be as they were. Louis perks up, puzzled.
76) 13) dialog: Oh, Lestat. I must do more than that. I've brought a present for you.
76) 15) dialog: Better than that. She takes his hand and leads him into an inner room. Louis follows behind.
76) 16) dialog: You haven't fed enough. I can tell by your color.
77) 2) dialog: Drunk on brandy wine. A thimbleful. I thought of you when I saw them.
77) 5) dialog: No. Laudanum. Lestat stares wildly at her, tries to move towards her, then slips to the floor.
77) 7) dialog: Yes. It killed them, unfortunately. But it keeps the blood warm. Lestat tries to rise.
77) 9) dialog: Don't Louis -
77) 11) dialog: I'll put you in your coffin. Forever. She pulls a knife out from under her shawl, walks rapidly to him and slashes his throat. Blood explodes from it.
77) 15) dialog: Louis! Look what's happening to him!! Louis looks. The floor is a sea of blood. Lestat has begun to shrivel, as if he'd been a bag of blood. His skin is shriveling against his bones like parchment, his eyes are slipping back into his skull-like face. His lush, beautiful hair remains unchanged. But his clothes are virtually being emptied of the body. It is no more than bones, wrapped in paper and the pupils of the eyes suddenly roll up into the papered skull.
77) 17) dialog: Don't mock me, Louis. Help me. She stares at the shriveled skeleton in its skin wrapping. She is fascinated. She sees the vampiric blood flow all over the floor. She touches it and brings her finger to her lips.
77) 18) dialog: Goodnight, sweet prince, may flights of devils wing you to your rest. Louis walks forward, touches the skeleton, the blonde hair.
77) 20) dialog: The one good lesson he taught me, Louis. Never drink from the dead. She stands up, all business suddenly.
77) 21) dialog: Help me. We must get rid of him. She drags the coverlet from the table, knocking the crockery over the dead youths, and wraps Lestat's skeleton in it. She takes a bunch of chrysanthemums and places them in his skeleton hands.
77) 22) dialog: Should we burn him? Bury him? What would he have liked, Louis?
77) 24) dialog: The swamp...
78) 0) text: Louis whipping the horses. Claudia beside him. Lestat's skeleton in the back, with the bodies of the two dead youths.
78) 1) dialog: In Europe, Louis. We shall meet our own kind. Find the one who made him. Learn what it means.
78) 5) dialog: He belongs with those reptiles, Louis. He deserved to die.
78) 7) dialog: I did it for us, Louis. So we could be free. He stands there, saying nothing.
78) 8) dialog: Louis, look at me.
78) 10) text: I can't. Go away from me. Claudia is shocked to her core. She steps back. Louis stares at the rippling waters. Gradually the movement of alligators stops. Then he hears a sound he hasn't heard in years. Soft, choking. He turns, sees Claudia sitting by a cypress tree, like a little girl for the first time in years. She is weeping copiously.
78) 12) dialog: You never talked to me like that - in all these years.
78) 14) dialog: I can't bear it when you do - I would die rather than lose you Louis. I would die the way he died. Louis gathers her in his arms.
78) 16) dialog: Tell me you don't hate me Louis. I did it for you - Louis walks her towards the carriage.
79) 0) text: Sturdy mulatto workmen lifting cases and trunks out of the apartment. All the furniture is covered in white sheets. Claudia dressed in a cap and hat, is playing the piano by the light of one remaining oil-lamp. Louis comes from her room with the cage of canaries.
79) 2) dialog: What was that?
79) 4) dialog: Louis!!!
79) 8) dialog: Reaches the stairs. She screams -
79) 9) dialog: Don't Louis - But Louis has opened the door. Nothing there. He looks back at Claudia, puzzled, then at the door again when, swooping into his vision comes the nightmare image of -
79) 16) dialog: It is! Take the back stairwell - Suddenly Lestat crashes through the casement window, scattering blood everywhere, reefing himself on the shattered glass. He tumbles to the floor and gets unsteadily to his feet.
80) 0) text: Louis running, with Claudia in his arms. He looks back at the flames of the house. Sound of a ship's horn.
80) 1) dialog: The ship is sailing without us!
86) 0) text: Claudia, sitting with an easel and sketch-pad, sketching the bay of Naples. A beautifully realized drawing, all in shades of grey and black. Louis observes.
86) 1) dialog: Louis, your quest is for darkness only. This sea is not your sea. They myths of men are not your myths. Their history isn't yours. The sketch changes to a sketch of -
90) 0) text: Claudia, in furtrimmed muff and bonnet, peers through the glass at a display of dolls. Each doll in there seems to resemble her, with blonde hair and blue eyes. She peers deep into the shop and sees - MADELEINE, a young woman bent over a workbench painting a doll's face, oblivious to being watched.
91) 0) text: Louis and Claudia hurrying hand in hand with a crowd of mortals towards the sound of an ORCHESTRA TURNING beyond.
92) 0) text: Claudia and Louis standing in the deep shadows, looking at the branching arches. Louis is overcome with sadness, Claudia is fascinated.
93) 0) text: Louis and Claudia walk among a series of mythological nudes by Poussin.
94) 0) text: Claudia, surrounded by discarded dresses and outfits, being attended by couturiers. All the clothes are tiny, to fit her frame, but have an adult cut and shape.
95) 2) dialog: By a large gilt mirror, in her new clothes. She is covered with jewelry, fixing earrings to her ears.
95) 3) dialog: Help me, mon chere... Louis walks over, helps her with the earrings.
95) 4) dialog: How do I look?
95) 6) dialog: A beautiful child! Is that what you still think I am?
95) 8) dialog: Why do you turn away? Why don't you look. She twirls, looking at herself in the mirror, then stops, stares at herself.
95) 9) dialog: You want me to be your daughter forever, don't you?
95) 11) dialog: Well tell me, papa. What was it like making love? Louis is stunned. He blushes.
95) 12) dialog: You don't remember? Or you never knew.
95) 14) dialog: But how will I ever know, Louis? She stares at him through the mirror.
95) 15) dialog: I'll never find them, will I? My own kind...
96) 0) text: Louis and Claudia walk along a boulevard like father and daughter. All around them are bourgeois Parisian families on their evening stroll. Claudia points at the children that pass.
96) 1) dialog: Have I anything in common with her, Louis? She points to a beautiful French child walking by with her mother.
96) 2) dialog: Or her, or her - or any of them?
96) 4) dialog: They are ducklings, that will grow into swans. Whereas I must be the duckling forever.
97) 0) text: We see Madeleine, inside, painting a doll's face. Louis and Claudia arrive outside.
97) 1) dialog: All her dolls resemble me.
97) 2) text: Claudia's face, with the dolls in the background. The resemblance is uncanny.
97) 3) dialog: Are they my kind Louis? Dolls never change either.
97) 6) dialog: Yes. Should I take her, Louis? Among her dolls? make a doll of her in turn?
97) 30) dialog: But this can't be real. This is nonsense.
98) 0) text: Claudia and Louis look at the crowd as the lights go down.
98) 1) dialog: Mortals, mortals everywhere. And lots of drops to drink.
98) 6) dialog: How devilishly clever. A spotlight uncovers a mortal woman suddenly forced out upon the stage.
98) 7) dialog: She's no vampire.
98) 13) dialog: And no one knows but us...
98) 24) dialog: Yes, and very beautiful.
98) 37) dialog: Even she is repelled by the cruelty. She shakes her head.
98) 49) dialog: Be still!
98) 51) text: The audience, milling towards the exits. They talk in vacuous terms about the beauty of the show, the symbolism of it, the daring of it as they leave. Gradually Louis and Claudia are left alone in the empty theatre. Louis seems anxious to leave. Claudia whispers in his ear.
98) 52) dialog: Patience, Louis. Patience. He looks around the empty theatre, more eerie now than when the play was on. The red curtain shifts slightly in a hidden breeze, a candle sputters and dies in a box. Then the candle flares again, and we see Armand in the box, looking down on them. He stares with a dreamy expression, saying nothing.
99) 0) text: Armand leading, Louis and Claudia following. It opens into a -
100) 30) dialog: Come, beloved. It's time we were on our way. I'm hungry and the city waits. She stares hard at Armand. Armand looks from her to Louis.
101) 0) text: Louis and Claudia feel their way through darkened corridors, trying to find their way out.
101) 9) dialog: Boredom!
101) 11) dialog: Aaaah! I was so afraid it was to be born like Venus out of the foam, as we were! Come Louis, let's go!
102) 0) text: Claudia and Louis enter the Lobby.
102) 1) dialog: I loathe them! I can't stand the sight of them! Stupid bourgeois Parisians, all dressed in black like some private club! I've searched for them the world over and I despise them!
102) 3) dialog: I can feel it from them! They want to know who made us, what became of him. They have their rules, their idiotic rules! They come to their room, enter.
103) 0) text: Louis closes the door behind him. Claudia paces.
103) 2) dialog: No, you would not, Louis. Danger hold you to me.
103) 4) dialog: Love? She smiles at him. A strange, sad, adult smile.
103) 5) dialog: You would leave me for Armand if he beckoned you.
103) 7) dialog: He wants you as you want him. He's been waiting for you. He wants you for a companion. He bides his time that place. he finds them as dull and lifeless as we do.
103) 9) dialog: Do you know what his soul said to me without saying a word? When he put me in that trance...
103) 11) dialog: Let him go, he said. Let him go. She touches his face.
103) 12) dialog: Is that what I should do Louis? Let you go? My father? My lover? My Louis, who made me? There are tears in her eyes. Louis lifts her up in his arms.
103) 14) dialog: You really believe that?
104) 0) text: Claudia, staring at the dolls. We see Madeleine inside, painting a doll. She sees Claudia and smiles and waves.
108) 2) dialog: Madeleine... Louis is shy. Madeleine rises and comes towards Louis. She draws back the lace fringes round her throat, so he can see the two marks there. She says softly, dreamily.
108) 4) dialog: Do it Louis. Because I cannot do it. I haven't the strength. You saw to that when you made me. Louis turns to Madeleine.
108) 7) dialog: You have found your new companion, Louis! You will make me mine! Louis grips Madeleine and shakes her.
108) 9) dialog: Your evil is that you cannot be evil! And I will suffer for it no longer!
108) 11) dialog: Yet you could do it to me! Snatching me from my mother's hands like two monsters in a fairy-tale! Couldn't you have waited? Six more years and I would have had that shape! And now you weep! You haven't tears enough for what you've done to me. She points to Madeleine
108) 12) dialog: You give her to me! Do this before you leave me! She begins to weep, sobbing like a child.
108) 13) dialog: Oh God! I love you still, that's the torment of it. But you know I must leave you Louis...
108) 15) dialog: And who will care for me my love, my dark angel, when you are gone? Louis looks at Madeleine
109) 0) text: Louis on the balcony, weakened terribly. A breeze blows on the gauze curtains behind him, through which we see... SILHOUETTES of Madeleine and Claudia. Madeleine her arms outstretched, now a vampire, a long moan of pain coming from her. Claudia comes through the curtains, alarmed.
109) 1) dialog: (whispers)
109) 4) dialog: But if she dies...
109) 7) dialog: What do you mean?
109) 9) dialog: Yes father. At last. We are een. He bends down and kisses her. He looks up, at the wafting curtains. He sees -
109) 11) dialog: Looks up and screams.
110) 0) text: In a press of vampires, Louis, Claudia and Madeleine are forced down the dark corridor. Into -
110) 20) text: We promised nothing! Louis struggles fiercely as he is forced into the coffin. Claudia weeps.
112) 0) text: Claudia, throwing herself on the coffin, crying. She is dragged away. Vampire hands drag the coffin across the stone floor.
116) 11) dialog: Louis turns round and round in rage. Passive still faces. A door bangs open and shut. Louis looks again at Lestat. He snatches the cloth from Lestat's hand. We see it is a small torn bloodstained dress. Claudia's dress. The door bangs again. Estelle laughs. Rain gusts into the ballroom. Louis goes to the door, holding the dress. Armand approaches, trying to pull him away, but Louis shrugs him off. He draws nearer and nearer and stairs at -
117) 0) text: On the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes, in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each other. Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair remain unburnt. Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many stories to the sky. He cries out in agony. Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the wind, they whirl around the warring figure. Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit. Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the airwell, towards the night sky.