5) 0) text: Louis, quite insensible, being propped up against a wall by the whore in a dank wharf over the water. The pimp rifles his pockets, then pulls a knife, about to slice his throat, when a shadow falls over him. He turns, and we see the face of Lestat, who lifts him into the air by his throat, breaking his neck. the whore screams and Lestat's other hand clamps over her mouth. Lestat drags her towards him. Louis falls to the ground, supported no more, insensible. Close on his face, as we hear the last breaths of life of the whore, off.
5) 3) dialog: They would have killed you -
5) 5) dialog: You want death? Is it death you want?
5) 9) dialog: Floats higher, with Louis in his arms, draining his blood. One hand reaches out and grips a rope, hanging from a shipmast. The other holds Louis. He withdraws his teeth, and looks into Louis' drained face.
5) 10) dialog: You still want death? Or have you tasted it enough? Louis can barely get the words out.
8) 0) text: Louis is delirious in a four-poster bed, shrouded with mosquito netting. A female slave, YVETTE, bathes his face with a rag. She is crying. Other slave women hover in the shadows. Yvette puts out all candles save one by the bed, and withdraws, with the others. Candlelight flickers on the face of the bisque virgin. Louis tosses and turns, dreaming, murmuring incoherently. Then he opens his eyes. LESTAT, exquisitely dressed in French clothing, stands by the bed smiling. In the light of the candle we see that he is not human; skin too white; eyes too bright. Lestat looks amiable, even mischievous, but impossible - and angel or monster. Louis grabs his pistol from the table and cocks it.
8) 2) dialog: And a beautiful house it is too. Yours is a good life, isn't it? Louis takes aim. Lestat puts his hand over the barrel. Louis fires. The bullet tears a hole in Lestat's hand. Lestat is unfazed. He takes the gun from Louis' hand and throws it away. His hand begins to heal.
8) 3) dialog: You're not afraid of anything, are you?
8) 5) dialog: Are you going to put that through me too? Ruin my beautiful clothes? He comes closer to Louis, right up to his face, so the sword passes through his waistcoat.
8) 6) dialog: Were all last night's promises for nothing? He reaches out with his now-healed hand and plucks out the sword.
8) 8) dialog: I've come to answer your prayers. You want to die, don't you? Life has no meaning anymore, does it? Lestat sits down on the bed, drawing up one knee. Louis is becoming spellbound.
8) 9) dialog: The wine has no taste. The food sickens you. There seems no reason for any of it, does there? But what if I could give it back to you? Pluck out the pain and give you another life? And it would be for all time? And sickness and death could never touch you again? The vampire theme rises, with the sound of a heartbeat.
9) 1) dialog: Vampires, that's what we are. Creatures of darkness, only we see it that darkness more clearly than any mortal has ever seen... Louis and Lestat drifting, dreamlike, through the overhanging vines, comes to the grave of his wife and child. Above the crypt, the statue of angel, mother and child.
9) 2) dialog: Wouldn't it be sweet to bid pain goodbye? To wave away anguish and grief? To embrace the peace of the unending night? The marble fingers of the child on the statue move. The angel raises her head and has the face of Louis wife, Diane. she raises her hand and touches Louis tear- streamed face. The child speaks.
9) 5) dialog: They are gone, Louis. Death took them. Death which you can now destroy...
10) 0) text: Louis, thrashing on the bed in a delirium. Lestat places a hand on his forehead and soothes him.
10) 1) dialog: You have to ask me for this. You have to want it, do you hear me?
10) 3) dialog: Vampires. We thrive on blood.
10) 5) dialog: Tomorrow night. You must prove yourself. I will give you the choice I never had. He looks outside.
10) 6) dialog: The sun's coming up. Watch it carefully. If you come with me tomorrow, you'll never see it again. He leaves. Louis sits dazed, staring at the empty French window. The sun rises with unnatural beauty, over the swamplands and the plantation, filling the room, striking water-pitcher, glass, mirror, and the picture of his dead wife.
11) 0) text: Lestat and Louis walk through the slave quarters, huddles groups around fires, music, singing. The sound of whipping is heard.
11) 1) dialog: Your grief has unhinged you. You've let your estate rot. In the woods beyond the quarters, the white overseer is whipping a black slave, with horrifying savagery.
11) 2) dialog: You let your overseer run riot, work your slaves to the bone. We'll start with him.
11) 4) dialog: Call him. Louis calls.
11) 6) dialog: Why the bloody whip, Carlos? The overseer looks into his eyes, shivers with terror, drops the whip and runs for the trees. Lestat is on him in an instant. He sinks is teeth in his neck. Louis runs to him, tries to pull him off. But Lestat turns to Louis and smiles, with his bloodied mouth.
11) 7) dialog: Let's call that a start.
11) 9) dialog: You've just done it -
12) 1) dialog: Sitting collected at the head of the steps.
12) 3) dialog: Don't worry. He was white trash, they come at two a penny. I dumped him in the swamp and untied the slave, licked his wounds clean.
12) 5) dialog: (gently)
12) 8) dialog: Your perfect. Your bitter and you're strong.
12) 10) dialog: Because you're as strong as I was when I was alive. Louis takes out his flask and drinks. Drunkenly, he turns and heads for a nearby swamp.
13) 0) text: Louis stops again in front of the crypt. Drinks from the flask, leans his forehead against the stone. Lestat appears beside him, radiant, beautiful.
13) 1) dialog: You really want to be with them?
13) 3) dialog: You asked for death. I didn't promise it - In a quiet rage, Lestat raise his fist and shatters the marble face stone, revealing a coffin below. His fist shatters that in turn, revealing the half-rotted body of a women, holding an infant, no longer recognizable as individuals, a tangle of gruesome rotted hair, flesh, eaten away lace, insects and worms crawling over it. Louis gasps.
13) 4) dialog: It's not your wife and child my friend. It's death. Just that simple. Think and choose. It happens to everyone. Except us. Lestat stares at him, smiling, becoming a hazy dreamlike vision, then hyperclear. Louis again is spellbound. He drops the flask, which shatters on the stones. Lestat appears angelic in his radiance.
13) 5) dialog: We shall be this way always, my friend. Young as we are now. I'm lonely for a companion, lonely for your strength. But I'm not that lonely. Do you want to come or not? Louis capitulates in one long sigh.
13) 7) dialog: Did I hear a yes?
13) 11) dialog: I've drained you to the point of death. If you drink from me you live for ever. If I leave you here you die. Lestat lifts his hand to his lips and blows Louis a kiss.
13) 13) dialog: You're sure?
13) 15) text: Vampire vision. The world is transformed, the swamp, the moon, the clouds, the cry of the night birds all come to him with unnatural clarity. He looks down with pity at the corpses of his wife and child who appear beautiful in death now rather than repulsive. He closes the lid of the coffin and replaces it in the ground, astonished at the ease of it. He turns and stares at Lestat whom he sees now with vampire's vision. Lestat's eyes are brighter, his buttons are glimmering in the light. Everything is clearer, brighter, containing more facets of light and color.
13) 16) dialog: Stop staring at my buttons. Didn't I tell you it was going to be fun? Lestat leads him into the swamp. Everything astonished Louis, as if he's never seen it before. Louis is suddenly racked by shudders of pain.
13) 17) dialog: You're body's dying. Pay no attention. It will take twenty minutes at most.
13) 19) dialog: It happens to us all. Lestat wipes Louis' brow.
13) 20) dialog: Come, you're going to feed now.
13) 22) dialog: That doesn't matter anymore, Louis. You'll see. Come...
13) 24) dialog: They're all beautiful now. Men, women, the old, the young...simply because they are alive. - The slave walks towards them in the darkness. A crucifix gleams round his neck.
13) 25) dialog: Take him.
13) 27) dialog: Forget the crucifix. Take him. Louis hesitates.
13) 28) dialog: Resist no more Louis. Feed... The slave looks up and sees them. Two gleaming white beings standing before him with devil's eyes. The he runs. Louis can resist him no more. He swoops on him with a vampire's rapid movement, brings him to the ground and sinks his teeth in his neck. Close on Louis feeding on the slave, the magnificent body shuddering in its death-throes. Lestat stands above, laughing. The slave dies. Louis rises from him, drunkenly, engorged with blood.
13) 30) dialog: You have fed. You were made for this... Louis looks down at the body of the slave. Lestat's laughter echoes around him.
13) 32) dialog: You've killed Louis. And enjoyed it. Lestat laughs harder. Louis runs from him, screaming in anguish.
17) 0) text: Louis wanders into the parlor, where Lestat is playing the harpsichord rapidly and exuberantly. Louis goes to a full-length mirror and sees his own reflection there - quite the perfect vampire.
17) 1) dialog: Yes, that's you, my handsome friend. And you'll look that way till the stars fall from heaven.
17) 3) dialog: Give it time. You're like a man who loses a limb and still imagines he feels pain. It will pass. And we must sleep now. I can feel the sun approaching.
19) 0) text: A brick walled storage room. Two coffins stand on the floor. Lestat enters with a lantern, Louis behind. Lestat is apprehensive and protective of Louis. He pulls back one lid ot reveal a satin interior.
19) 1) dialog: You must get into it. It's the only safe place for you when the light comes.
19) 3) dialog: The sun will destroy the blood I've given you. Every tissue, every vein. The fire in this lantern could do that too. Louis approaches the coffin, hands trembling as he peers into it.
19) 4) dialog: Don't be afraid. In moments you'll be sleeping as soundly as you ever slept. And when you awake I'll be waiting for you, and so will all the world. Louis crawls into the coffin, fearful yet fascinated.
19) 6) dialog: Someday I'll tell you. We have a lot of time to talk to each other. You might say... we have all the time we shall ever need. He closes the lid. Total darkness. Sounds of Louis' panicked breathing. Of his prayer again.
20) 0) text: Louis and Lestat sitting at a sumptuous table, piled with uneaten food. Lestat is going through sheafs of documents.
20) 2) dialog: Your wealth, dear Louis, is inestimable. Your income from cotton alone will keep us in comfort for a century. Louis just stares at him.
20) 4) dialog: You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to things all too quickly.
20) 7) dialog: Au contraire, my dear. He could eat a horse... Lestat laughs loudly. Louis turns and looks at Yvette. Her beautiful forehead in the candlelight, the veins pulsing on her neck and her hands.
20) 11) dialog: Can't you pretend, you fool? Don't give the game away. We're lucky to have such a home. His hand snakes out under the table. It comes up holding a large grey rat.
20) 12) dialog: Pretend to drink, at least. He bares his fangs and slices the rat's throat. He pours the blood into a crystal glass.
20) 13) dialog: Such fine crystal shouldn't go to waste... He hands the glass to Louis. Louis drinks the blood and stares at it in surprise, then at the dead rat on the fine lace tablecloth.
20) 14) dialog: I know. It gets cold so fast.
20) 16) dialog: I wouldn't call it living. I'd call it surviving. A useful trick if you're caught for a month on a ship at sea. Lestat strokes the belly of the dead rat, studying it sadly.
20) 17) dialog: There's nothing in the world now that doesn't hold some...
20) 19) dialog: Yes. And I'm bored with this prattle - He throws the rat away.
20) 21) dialog: Anything is possible. But just try it for a week. Come into New Orleans and let me show you some real sport! He rises. Louis follows.
21) 3) dialog: You think so, cherie? But what if I'd rather taste your lips?
21) 6) dialog: Let's get out of here! Lestat rushes out, thrilled with himself.
22) 0) text: A crowded street. Louis and Lestat emerge from the tavern. Louis looks up at the moon.
22) 2) dialog: Of course not. It's so easy you almost feel sorry for them. They walk down the crowded night street, full of ladies in their finery, freed slaves, whores, sailors etc.
23) 2) dialog: The trick is not to think about it. See that one? The widow St. Clair? she had that gorgeous young fop murder her husband. She's perfect for you. Go ahead.
23) 4) dialog: Read her thoughts.
23) 6) dialog: The dark gift is different for each of us. But one thing is true of everyone. We grow stronger as we go along. He leads Louis closer to them.
23) 7) dialog: Take my word for it. She blamed a slave for his murder. And do you know what they did to him? He smiles at the young man, who smiles in return.
23) 8) dialog: The evildoers are easier. And they taste better...
24) 0) text: Lestat walks the youth towards a copse of trees. He looks back at Louis, who holds both poodles on a delicate leash, walking with the widow. The minuet spills from the french windows.
25) 0) text: Lestat, bending over the body of the dead youth. A scream pierces the night.
25) 4) dialog: You whining coward of a vampire who prowls the night killing rats and poodles. You could have finished us both!
25) 5) text: Louis throws himself on Lestat with extraordinary force, pummeling him towards the trees.
25) 7) dialog: I don't know any hell - Louis hurls him against tree after tree with a strength he never knew he had.
25) 9) dialog: What strength, my friend, what strength. I remember why I chose you now. Lestat squirms from his grip, seemingly effortlessly.
25) 10) dialog: But you can't kill me, Louis. Nor I you. He ruffles Louis' hair, with wry affection.
25) 11) dialog: Feed on what you want, mon cherie. Rats, chickens, doves, goats. I'll leave you to it and watch you come round. Just remember, life without me would be even more unbearable... He smiles. A sly, pleasurable secret secret smile.
27) 0) text: In a tiny cabin, a slave family. Kids sleeping on the floor, in cribs and cots. The parents sleep on the bed, young, beautiful, naked. Beside them is Lestat, who is drinking the husband's blood, his hand playing across the breast of the wife as he does so. She murmurs in her sleep.
28) 0) text: The woman's scream pierces the sky, as Lestat walks into the night.
31) 0) text: A doll, made in the image of Lestat, is pierced with needles.
34) 0) text: Lestat and Louis sit at the table, the untouched food between them.
34) 1) dialog: Consider yourself lucky. In Paris a vampire has to be clever for many reasons. Here all one needs is a pair of fangs.
34) 3) dialog: As did the one who made me.
34) 5) dialog: I learnt absolutely nothing. I wasn't give a choice, remember?
34) 7) dialog: Why? Why should I know these things? Do you know them? The drumming grows outside.
34) 8) dialog: (gripping his temples)
34) 11) dialog: Come the New Orleans then. There's an opera on tonight. A real french opera! We can dine in splendor!
34) 13) dialog: Respect me a little then. I'm the only life you know. Louis stares. Lestat turns childishly, petulantly.
34) 14) dialog: You'll soon run out of chickens, Louis... He walks out, humming a French aria. Louis stares at his plate.
35) 0) text: The slaves, gathered on mass around fires. Frenzied drumming, dancing. Lestat rides through, scattering the flames. The drumming stops. The slaves look towards the house. Slowly, they begin to move towards it.
38) 0) text: Louis, wandering from room to room of the burning mansion. he sees paintings of his wife consumed by the flames. He is weakening with the fumes, the heat. We can see this in his face, the texture of his skin. Suddenly a large french window cascades inwards and Lestat stands there, whip in hand. Behind him we can see the morning sky.
38) 1) dialog: You fool, what have you done?
39) 0) text: With many crypts. Louis, unconscious, carried over Lestat's shoulder.
40) 2) dialog: Where do you think, my idiot friend? We're in a nice filthy cemetery. Does this make you happy? Is this fitting and proper enough? Louis laughs softly.
40) 4) dialog: And what if there is no hell, or they don't want us there? Ever think of that?
43) 0) text: A lavish little supper chamber with coffered bed, fancy French furniture. Open to rooftops of colonial city. Louis sits by an open window looking out over the city. Behind, we can hear the laughter of Lestat and tow female voices. Louis turns and sees - Lestat, in the main chamber with two drugged or drunked whores. One runs her finger down his chest. The other seems out of it.
43) 2) dialog: Not always... He presses his thumb on her neck and holds her tight, sinking his teeth into her neck. After a time she falls to the bed, dead. he turns to the other.
43) 3) dialog: Your friend has no head for wine.
43) 5) dialog: Do you think so? He rubs her breast.
43) 7) dialog: Ah, but the price is pretty high. Your sweet friend - I exhausted her. He bites her in turn, drinks her blood. She does into the swoon. Louis looks on in disgust. He stands.
43) 9) dialog: What, no flowery speeches? About what a monster I am? What a vulgar fiend?
43) 11) dialog: What do you imagine you are Louis?
43) 13) dialog: Don't you understand, Louis, that you alone of all creatures can see death with impunity... you alone under the rising moon can strike like the hand of God. The girl moans.
43) 15) dialog: Vampires are killers. Predators, who's all seeing eyes were meant to give them detachment. The girl moans again, open her eyes.
43) 17) dialog: I know. Let her alone. He slashes her wrist with his teeth, and lets the blood drip into a glass.
43) 18) dialog: You think you can be human. You think you can go back. But you can't. You live off the blood of rats now Louis. How human is that? The girls moans again. Lestat drinks that glass.
43) 19) dialog: Lie still, love... The girl begins to scream. Lestat picks her up.
43) 20) dialog: You're tired love, you want to sleep. He walks to his coffin, puts her inside and sits on the lid. We hear muffled screaming and banging from inside.
43) 22) dialog: I like to do it. I enjoy it. Take you aesthete's taste to purer things. Kill them swiftly if you will, but do it! For now doubt, you are a killer Louis. Ah! He stands up. The girl pushes the lid off, hysterical. She looks at Louis.
43) 24) dialog: Of course it's a coffin. You're dead, love. Louis screams at Lestat
43) 26) dialog: You finish her - if you feel so much - The girl grabs Louis and pleads.
43) 28) dialog: But it's too late, love. Look at your wrist, you breast. He picks her up again. He turns to Louis laughing.
43) 29) dialog: Unless I make her one of us...
43) 32) dialog: 
43) 35) dialog: In the old world, they called it the dark gift, Louis. And I gave it to you. Louis leaves without a word.
45) 4) dialog: Ah, my philosopher, my martyr. "Never take a human life". Well you must admit it is funny. Or is it merely touching? I'm not sure. Louis stares at the unconscious Claudia in horror, then lets her slip gently into a chair. Shamefully he wipes his mouth, sees the tiny wounds on her throat. Lestat snatches up the dead mother from the chair and begins to dance with her in great circles, humming and talking. Her head falls back. Black water flows from her mouth.
45) 5) dialog: Let's make some party of it, shall we? Maybe there's some life in the old lady yet? Louis flees into the street.
45) 6) dialog: Come back, Louis, you are what you are. The plague would have got her within hours anyway. Merciful Death how you love your precious guilt.
48) 0) text: The same sewer-pipe. Now the bodies of dead rats lie all around. A pair of fine leather boots splash through the water - Lestat's.
49) 0) text: Louis huddled there, so pale and shivering he seems close to death. Lestat comes through.
49) 1) dialog: All I need to find you Louis is follow the corpses of rats. He bends down to him, surprisingly gently and puts his own coat around him.
49) 2) dialog: Pain is terrible for you. You feel it like no other creature because you are a vampire. You don't want it to go on.
49) 4) dialog: Do what it is in your nature to do. And you will feel as you felt with that child in your arms.
49) 6) dialog: That and more. He puts his arm around Louis, to stop his shivering.
49) 7) dialog: Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.
49) 9) dialog: Ah, but we have even more in common with our creator. come, I am like a mother tonight. I want a child. Louis is baffled. He follows.
50) 0) text: Lestat enters.
50) 1) dialog: She's here, your wounded one.
50) 3) dialog: You need company, Louis. More congenial than mine... Lestat holds up a candle and walks towards a large four- poster bed. Claudia lies there, angelic, under the coverlet, two marks on her neck.
50) 5) dialog: You remember how you wanted her, the taste of her -
50) 7) dialog: Don't worry, Louis, you're conscience is clear. You left her alive. Lestat shakes her gently.
50) 8) dialog: Claudia, Claudia, listen to me. You're ill, my precious and I'm going to give you what you need to get well.
50) 10) dialog: That's it dear. More. You must drink it to get well. Claudia sucks on the wound, reviving, making little noises like a person waking from sleep. Louis rises to his feet as Claudia clutches Lestat's arm, sucking the blood fiercely. Lestat moans.
50) 11) dialog: Stop, that's enough. No more. He pulls her loose and she growls and stares at him with big clear astonished eyes.
50) 15) dialog: Yes, cherie, of course you want more. And I'll show you how to get it. You drink from morals, my beauty, but from me? Never again. Still suffering, Lestat pulls the bell-rope.
50) 18) dialog: Gently, cherie. They are so innocent. They must not be made to suffer. Claudia lunges for the throbbing vein in the neck, locking on to the flowing blood. The Maid is transfixed. Close on Louis, his anguish, his fascinated horror.
50) 20) dialog: That's enough, cherie. Stop before the heart stops. He lets the dead maid onto the floor. Claudia looks at the corpse.
50) 22) dialog: It's bet in the beginning, lest the death takes you down with it. yes, that's it. My child. My beloved child. Lestat and Claudia sit on the Louis XVI settee. Claudia is a vision, a doll made out of pearl. Animated, voice crisp.
50) 24) dialog: Mamma's gone to Heaven, cherie, like that sweet lady over there. They all go to Heaven. And you did very well, cherie. Not a drop spilt. Very good! You're going to be our child now. Lestat takes out his comb and begins to comb her hair.
50) 25) dialog: Your mama's left you with us. She wants you to be happy.
50) 28) dialog: Shhhh! Do you want to frighten our little daughter?
50) 30) dialog: Yes you are, my dearest. You are mine and Louis' daughter. You see Louis was going to leave us. He was going to go away. But now he's not. He's going to stay and make you happy. Claudia runs over to him. She smiles at him.
50) 33) dialog: One happy family.
53) 0) text: Striped wallpaper gives way to flowers in the bedrooms. Huge four-poster beds in the bedrooms, and large chests, as big as coffins standing against the wall. Everywhere there are candles and pretty Louis XVI furniture. Lestat gives instructions to the movers.
53) 5) dialog: Claudia, Claudia, will you never learn? Who will we get now to finish your dress? A little practicality, cherie...
64) 0) text: Claudia playing the piano, now with remarkable dexterity. The piano-teacher sits mute beside her. As she plays, he topples over and falls to the ground. We see the puncture-marks in his neck. Lestat, hearing the noise, comes in.
64) 1) dialog: Claudia, Claudia! Didn't I tell you, never in the house! Claudia smiles to herself, keeps playing.
67) 0) text: Claudia playing the piano, now like a demonic Liszt. Louis writing. Lestat appears in the doorway. He has a big box in his arms.
67) 2) dialog: Well, I thought you could use another. He hands her the box. It is a fine Parisian Jumeau doll. She likes it and stokes its face.
67) 4) dialog: What night? What do you mean?
67) 6) dialog: I didn't realize.
67) 8) dialog: Some of these are so old and tattered. You should throw them away.
67) 10) dialog: But you're the fairest by far.
68) 0) text: She stands before the dressing-table, all her long hair grown back over her shoulders. She holds it with both hands, screaming and screaming. Lestat and Louis come through the door.
68) 2) dialog: What you are? You would be something other than you are?
68) 4) dialog: It will grow back again!
68) 8) dialog: Stop her Louis!
68) 13) dialog: And why should I tell you? It's in my power.
68) 15) dialog: Be glad I made you what you are! You'd be dead not if I hadn't. He storms out. Louis goes to Claudia and picks her up in his arms.
76) 0) text: Lestat playing the piano. Louis reading. Claudia enters, wearing a cape and hat. She walks to the piano, sits at the end of the piano and stares at him as he plays.
76) 1) dialog: What is it now? You irritate me! Your very presence irritates me!
76) 4) dialog: Yes. And I'll tell you something else! I've met someone who will make a better vampire than both of you.
76) 6) dialog: You're spoilt because you're an only child. You need a brother. Or I do. I'm weary of you both.
76) 8) dialog: Not you my dear.
76) 10) dialog: What plans?
76) 12) dialog: Stop pestering me then!
76) 14) dialog: Then I hope its a beautiful woman with endowments you will never possess. Claudia stares at him for a moment.
77) 0) text: Two beautiful youths, lying asleep on a couch, by a table full with a half-eaten meal. Lestat sighs.
77) 1) dialog: Oh, Claudia, you've outdone yourself. Where did you find them?
77) 3) dialog: We forgive each other then? Claudia stares at him, sitting. She nods. Lestat bites into the neck of one of the youths, sucks greedily and horribly. Claudia watches him without expression. He finished one, is about to take the other when he staggers. He looks at Claudia.
77) 4) dialog: Absinthe? You gave them absinthe?
77) 6) dialog: Laudanum!
77) 8) dialog: Ah Louis, Louis, she killed them... and let me drink... Louis watches, appalled. He goes to move.
77) 10) dialog: Louis, put me in my coffin...
77) 13) dialog: Louis, Louis, I gave you the gift - help me - Claudia lacerates his face. Blood pours from everywhere. She plunges the knife in his chest. He falls back, fangs bared, clutching the knife. Claudia leaps on him then, bites deep into his neck as he dies. Louis screams, runs forward, pulls her away.
78) 0) text: Louis whipping the horses. Claudia beside him. Lestat's skeleton in the back, with the bodies of the two dead youths.
79) 10) dialog: In filthy swamp-soaked rags, robust again, but his flesh shriveled, covered in scars, his eyes riddled, bloodshot. he roars.
79) 11) dialog: 
79) 17) dialog: 
110) 4) dialog: Dressed beautifully, but horribly scarred now, from the fire as well as the earlier stabbing. Lestat is confused, ancient, teetering, reaching for Santiago's shoulder to steady himself.
110) 5) dialog: Louis...
110) 7) dialog: No, the child. The child was the one...
110) 10) dialog: No... You come back to me Louis...
110) 13) dialog: Only the girl - it was the girl - The sound of something being dragged through the crowd. Horrible echoing, scraping - Lestat grips Santiago.
110) 14) dialog: You promised me - I could take him back to New Orleans - Louis - there's something I must tell you - about that night - that night I met you - He stares around him, confused. The scraping gets louder.
110) 18) dialog: He's coming home with me - you promised -
116) 9) dialog: You'll come home with me Louis? For a little while... until I am myself again.
128) 8) text: Lestat lying on the floor. He is gaunt to near starvation. All his scars are gone, but he is almost a skeleton and his eyes are enormous in their sockets. His clothes are rags. Blond hair beautiful, as always.
128) 13) dialog: I'm so glad you're here Louis... I've dreamed of your coming...
128) 15) dialog: I didn't mean to let them do it... that Santiago, he tricked me...
128) 17) dialog: Yes. Past... she should never have been one of us... He turns and looks at Louis. Old, fearful, broken.
128) 18) dialog: Still beautiful Louis. You always were the strong one.
128) 20) dialog: You've come back to me, Louis? You've come again to me? Louis shakes his head. A series of police sirens go by, piercing the night sky. A helicopter goes overhead. Red flashes illuminate his face. Lestat shivers, covers his ears. He's terrified. Louis touches him, calming him, until the lights pass over.
128) 22) dialog: I can't bear it Louis! The machines out there, that fly and that roar! And such lights! They make the night brighter than the day!
128) 24) dialog: You know I love the dark. But there's no dark anymore.
128) 26) dialog: If you stayed with me Louis, I could venture out... little by little... become the old Lestat. Louis shivers. He releases him.
128) 28) dialog: You remember how I was, Louis.. the vampire Lestat...
128) 30) dialog: I tried to tell you Louis... that night in Paris... when I first came to you... no-one can refuse the dark gift, Louis... not even you.
128) 32) dialog: And the more you tried, the more I wanted you... a vampire with your beautiful, suffering human heart. And how you suffered... I need your forgiveness, Louis.
128) 34) dialog: You'll come back, Louis... take me out... little by little... and maybe I'll be myself again... A bluebottle buzzes by him. His hand shoots out and grabs it, squeezes the blood.
128) 36) text: Yes, Lestat...
132) 3) dialog: Sinks his teeth in his neck.
132) 8) dialog: Drinks regardless.
132) 12) dialog: Throws Malloy to one side, climbs into the front seat. The tape is playing.
132) 16) dialog: Dear Louis... will I ever forget?
133) 0) text: Lestat drives on, the car a tiny speck against the bridge, the sea, the sky beyond, with the first fingers of light spreading through it.