1) 0) text: A small bare room, illuminated only by the streetlight coming through the window. A hand presses a cassette into a recorder and fiddles with a small microphone. Malloy sits over a table fiddling with the tape. He is young, half-shaven, dressed in T-shirt and jeans. He looks too - LOUIS, who stands by the window, looking out on the street, with his back to Malloy. Louis is dressed in an old-fashioned suit.
1) 1) dialog: So you want me to tell you the story of my life...
1) 3) dialog: (quietly interrupting)
1) 6) dialog: You followed me here, didn't you?
1) 8) dialog: It's just a room...
1) 11) dialog: I'm a vampire. Malloy laughs.
1) 13) dialog: Absolutely. I was watching you watching me. I was waiting for you in that alleyway. And then you began to speak.
1) 15) dialog: Perhaps lucky for both of us. Still in shadow he turns from the window and approaches the table.
1) 16) dialog: I'll tell you my story. All of it. I'd like to do that very much. Malloy is uneasy as he studies the shadowy figure, fascinated but afraid.
1) 18) dialog: Yes but you needn't worry about that now. Things change. Louis stands opposite, hand on the chair. Malloy is riveted.
1) 20) dialog: We can't begin this way. Let me turn on the light.
1) 22) dialog: We love it. I only wanted to prepare you. Louis pulls the chord of the overhead naked light bulb.
1) 25) dialog: Don't be frightened. I want this opportunity. The light appears to go out by itself and suddenly Louis is in the chair, dimly lit by the street-light from the window. The cassette is turning.
1) 27) dialog: The same way you do it. A series of simple gestures. Only I moved too fast for you to see. I'm flesh and blood, you see. But not human. I haven't been human for two hundred years. Malloy is speechless, frightened yet enthralled.
1) 28) dialog: What can I do to put you at ease? Shall we begin like David Copperfield? I am born, I grow up. Or shall we begin when I was born to darkness, as I call it. That's really where we should start, don't you think?
1) 30) dialog: Why should I lie? 1791 was the year it happened. I was twenty-four - younger than you are now.
1) 32) dialog: But times were different then. I was a man at that age. The master of a large plantation just south of New Orleans...
2) 0) text: A disheveled Louis, hair in pigtail, in deep pocket frock coat, rides his horse through the fields of indigo, passing an overseer and slaves at work. He passes slave quarters and the distant colonial mansion of Pointe du Lac. He comes to a small parish church and a graveyard. he dismounts and walks through the tombs to an elaborate one in Greek Style.
2) 1) dialog: I had just lost my wife in childbirth. She and the infant had been buried less than half a year. There is a marble angel above the tomb, feminine, with a tiny cherub angel in her arms. Louis looks from the angel, down to the inscriptions on the tomb:
2) 4) dialog: I was twenty-four and life seemed finished. I couldn't bear the pain of their loss. I longed for a release from it.
3) 0) text: Louis in ragged lace and dirty brocade sitting between two whores at a gaming table, drinking absinthe. All around him flatboatmen, whores, gamblers, black African freedmen.
3) 1) dialog: I wanted to lose everything. My wealth, my estate, my sanity. But Lady Luck didn't oblige. Louis displays a hand of four aces. A gambler at the table stands in fury, over turning money, cards, drinks.
3) 2) dialog: You're calling me a cheat?
3) 4) dialog: Then do me a favor. Get rid of this piece of shit... The Gambler's finger on the trigger. His hand shakes.
3) 5) dialog: You lack the courage of your convictions, sir. Do it. LESTAT, a hooded figure in the corner, smiles from beneath the shadow of his hood. Gleaming blue eyes.
3) 6) dialog: Most of all I longed for death. I know that now. I invited it, a release from the pain of living... The Gambler lowers his gun, scowling. Louis pockets the fistfulls of coins he has won.
4) 0) text: Loud, crowded riverfront taverns full of ruffians. Louis staggers down, an arm around a whore, drinking from a bottle. A pockmarked pimp follows behind.
4) 1) dialog: My invitation was open to anyone. Sailors, thieves, whores and slaves...
5) 0) text: Louis, quite insensible, being propped up against a wall by the whore in a dank wharf over the water. The pimp rifles his pockets, then pulls a knife, about to slice his throat, when a shadow falls over him. He turns, and we see the face of Lestat, who lifts him into the air by his throat, breaking his neck. the whore screams and Lestat's other hand clamps over her mouth. Lestat drags her towards him. Louis falls to the ground, supported no more, insensible. Close on his face, as we hear the last breaths of life of the whore, off.
5) 1) dialog: But it was a vampire that accepted.
5) 4) dialog: Then my luck would have changed.
5) 6) dialog: Yes... Lestat floats down on top of him, then lifts him in the air, draws his head back by the hair and sinks his teeth in his neck.
5) 11) dialog: Enough... Lestat smiles and lets him go. Louis falls and plummets into the water below.
6) 3) dialog: No. The Gift of Darkness requires more than that, as you'll see.
7) 0) text: Louis floating by mudflats, surrounded by dead fish, the carcasses of animals, eighteenth century rubbish. He gets to his feet and walks weakly through the mudflats. The sun is coming up over the sea behind him.
7) 1) dialog: He left me half dead that morning. he wanted something from me. He came back the following night.
8) 0) text: Louis is delirious in a four-poster bed, shrouded with mosquito netting. A female slave, YVETTE, bathes his face with a rag. She is crying. Other slave women hover in the shadows. Yvette puts out all candles save one by the bed, and withdraws, with the others. Candlelight flickers on the face of the bisque virgin. Louis tosses and turns, dreaming, murmuring incoherently. Then he opens his eyes. LESTAT, exquisitely dressed in French clothing, stands by the bed smiling. In the light of the candle we see that he is not human; skin too white; eyes too bright. Lestat looks amiable, even mischievous, but impossible - and angel or monster. Louis grabs his pistol from the table and cocks it.
8) 1) dialog: Who the hell are you? What are you doing in my house?
8) 4) dialog: Why should I be? Louis reaches for his sword, hanging by the bed, and point it. Lestat laughs indulgently. He draws closer.
8) 7) dialog: What do you want from me?
9) 0) text: The camera drifts through the graveyard where Louis' wife is buring. Everything is lit with an eerie glow, as if seen through some unearthly eye.
9) 4) dialog: Diane!!!!
9) 6) dialog: 
10) 0) text: Louis, thrashing on the bed in a delirium. Lestat places a hand on his forehead and soothes him.
10) 2) dialog: Give it to me!!!
10) 4) dialog: I want it! Lestat bends close as if to drink Louis' blood. Louis does not shrink back, but stares into his eyes. Lestat draws back, then stands up and goes to the French doors.
10) 7) dialog: My last sunrise. That morning I was not yet a vampire, and I saw my last sunrise. I remember it completely, yet I don't remember any sunrise before it. I watched the whole magnificence of the dawn for the last time, as if it were the first. And the I said goodbye to sunlight and went out to become what I became.
11) 0) text: Lestat and Louis walk through the slave quarters, huddles groups around fires, music, singing. The sound of whipping is heard.
11) 3) dialog: How do you mean, start?
11) 5) dialog: Carlos!!! The overseer turns and comes towards them, with the bloodied whip.
11) 8) dialog: I can't do it.
11) 10) dialog: Kill me if you will, but I can't do this... He flees, as Lestat ends to finish off the overseer.
12) 0) text: Louis running up the steps leading to the gallery. He is crazed with guilt. He looks up and sees -
12) 2) dialog: Backs away as Lestat rises and descends the steps so fluidly he hardly seems to move.
12) 4) dialog: You're the devil, aren't you? That's who you are.
12) 7) dialog: I can't go through with it, I tell you.
12) 9) dialog: But why do you want me?
13) 0) text: Louis stops again in front of the crypt. Drinks from the flask, leans his forehead against the stone. Lestat appears beside him, radiant, beautiful.
13) 2) dialog: Yes. Kill me. Kill me like you promised -
13) 6) dialog: Yes... Lestat comes closer, smiling.
13) 8) dialog: Yes... Lestat embraces Louis, obscuring his face. He drinks his blood. We hear two heartbeats, out of sync, coming together. We see Louis' face, growing paler, paler, as his blood is drained. His eyes stare upwards, losing their focus.
13) 12) dialog: No. Don't leave me here. Give it to me. Lestat lifts his own right wrist to his teeth. Fangs slash his own flesh, blood falls.
13) 14) dialog: Sure... Louis rises to accept the first drops with his open mouth. Lestat gathers him up, as Louis clamps his hand on Lestat's arm and drinks from the wrist. The VAMPIRE THEME swells. Lestat watches him drink his wrist with wry amusement. Louis finishes, staggers away from him as if drunk.
13) 18) dialog: Dying? Louis dry-retches.
13) 21) dialog: I want a woman. Lestat laughs and his laughter echoes like bells in Louis' ears.
13) 26) dialog: The crucifix -
13) 29) dialog: What have I done?
13) 31) dialog: Dear God, what have I done?
14) 0) text: Louis reaches his wife's grave. He falls to his knees, throws back his head and bares his new fangs to the moon.
14) 1) dialog: Dear God, what have I become????
15) 0) text: Malloy stares at Louis, terrified and enthralled.
15) 2) dialog: Oh, that rumor about crosses?
15) 4) dialog: Nonsense, my friend. I can look on anything I like. And I am particularly fond of looking on crucifixes.
15) 6) dialog: The same. As you would say today... Bull shit.
15) 8) dialog: Coffins... coffins unfortunately are a necessity...
16) 0) text: Louis walks up the steps to the mansion. He looks now like a fully-fledged vampire. Yvette, the slave girl stares at him from the open doorway. Cascades of harpsichord music come from the interior.
16) 1) dialog: Killing is no ordinary act. It is the experience of another's life for certain. That night I had lost my own life and taken another's. I was drowning in a sea of human guilt and regret, with all the heightened senses of a vampire... Louis enters the mansion, following the harpsichord music, as if in a dream. Yvette draws back as he approaches.
17) 0) text: Louis wanders into the parlor, where Lestat is playing the harpsichord rapidly and exuberantly. Louis goes to a full-length mirror and sees his own reflection there - quite the perfect vampire.
17) 2) dialog: It can't be...
19) 0) text: A brick walled storage room. Two coffins stand on the floor. Lestat enters with a lantern, Louis behind. Lestat is apprehensive and protective of Louis. He pulls back one lid ot reveal a satin interior.
19) 2) dialog: And if I don't?
19) 5) dialog: You told me something earlier. You said you didn't have a choice. Was that true? Lestat smiles bitterly and nods.
19) 7) dialog: Dear God, what have I done?
20) 0) text: Louis and Lestat sitting at a sumptuous table, piled with uneaten food. Lestat is going through sheafs of documents.
20) 1) dialog: I awoke the next evening to a different world. And I realized there are as profound differences between vampires as between human beings... Lestat, totting up figures on a piece of paper.
20) 3) dialog: I sat there staring at him with contempt. He had the soul of a shopkeeper, he was the sow's ear out of which nothing fine could be made. I felt sadly cheated in having him as a teacher... Lestat looks up at him and grins.
20) 5) dialog: Do you think so? Yvette enters, stands behind him, staring at Lestat with loathing.
20) 8) dialog: I looked at anything mortal and saw all life as precious, condemning all fruitless guilt and passion that would let it slip through the fingers like sand... Yvette returns his stare, troubled.
20) 9) dialog: It was only as a vampire that I could see Yvette's beauty. Her fear of me increased my desire. Yvette reaches for his uneaten plate. Louis stops her hand. Holds it for a beat too long, looking at the veins in her wrist.
20) 10) dialog: I will finish it, Yvette. Now leave us. She turns and runs from the table. Lestat leans towards him.
20) 15) dialog: We can live like this? Off the blood of animals? Lestat shrugs.
20) 18) dialog: Fascination...
20) 20) dialog: But we can live without taking human life. It's possible.
21) 1) dialog: This was New Orleans, a magical and magnificent place to live. In which a vampire, richly dressed might attract no more notice in the evening than hundreds of other exotic creatures. Louis and Lestat by a table, in the shadow of a tree. Teresa, a tavern wench, sits on Lestat's lap, pouring drinks for the two of them. She lifts a fresh glass to Lestat's lips as he flirts with her.
22) 0) text: A crowded street. Louis and Lestat emerge from the tavern. Louis looks up at the moon.
22) 1) dialog: Have you ever been caught?
22) 3) dialog: Lestat killed two, sometimes three a night. A fresh young girl, that was his favorite for the first of the evening.
23) 1) dialog: But the triumphant kill of Lestat was a young man. They represented the greatest loss to Lestat because they stood on the threshold of the maximum possibility of life. A youth of preternatural beauty, silhouetted against French windows. He is talking to an elegant widow, seated, holding two manicured poodles. Lestat stares at the youth with longing.
23) 3) dialog: But how do you know?
23) 5) dialog: I can't.
24) 0) text: Lestat walks the youth towards a copse of trees. He looks back at Louis, who holds both poodles on a delicate leash, walking with the widow. The minuet spills from the french windows.
25) 5) text: Louis throws himself on Lestat with extraordinary force, pummeling him towards the trees.
25) 6) dialog: What have you done to me? You've condemned me to hell.
25) 8) dialog: You want to see me kill? Watch me kill you then - He drags him to the ground an throttles him. Lestat looks up at him, amazed and amused at the same time.
26) 1) dialog: Being a vampire to him meant revenge. Revenge against life- itself. Every time he took a life it was revenge. and the slaves with a wisdom that was denied their masters, began to notice...
29) 0) text: Every chicken is dead, bloodies necks hanging down from the cribs. Louis emerges from the entrance, blood on his lips. He hears the scream.
33) 0) text: Louis walking through. The slaves hush as he approaches, gather in doorways and whisper. He turns and looks at them, sorrowfully. He looks truly like a ghost. Their eyes turn away when they meet his. He walks on.
34) 0) text: Lestat and Louis sit at the table, the untouched food between them.
34) 2) dialog: Paris? You came from Paris?
34) 4) dialog: Tell me about him. You must have learnt something from him! It had to happen for you as it did for me!
34) 6) dialog: But you must know something about the meaning of it all, you must know where we come from, why we... Lestat spits out in anger.
34) 10) dialog: They know about us. They see us dine on empty plates and drink from empty glasses.
34) 12) dialog: I respect life, don't you see? For each and every human life I have respect.
36) 0) text: Louis, sitting in despair by the table. Yvette, the slave girl enters.
36) 2) dialog: No, ma cher. I need no supper. Is all well at Pointe Du Lac tonight? Yvette draws closer. Light reveals her beauty.
36) 4) dialog: (dazed)
36) 7) dialog: I am frightened of myself, Yvette. He kisses her wrist. She suddenly gasps, sharply, withdraws her hand. She sees her wrist is red with blood. She sees the blood on his lips. She screams. Louis stands.
36) 8) dialog: Hush, Yvette - She screams even louder. Louis clamps his hand over her mouth. Her hand grips the table-cloth, pulls, bringing the empty glasses and crockery to the floor. In horror, Louis realizes he has broken her neck. He brings her cut wrist to his lips, then drops it, revolted. He carries her body outside, grief-stricken. The drumming grows louder.
37) 0) text: Fires burning in the distance, round the slave-cabins. The slaves are gathered at the foot of the mansion steps. They see Louis come out, holding the body of Yvette. He is deranged with grief.
37) 1) dialog: This place is cursed. Damned, do you hear me? And your master is the devil. He places the body of Yvette in a rocking chair on the veranda.
37) 2) dialog: Get out while you can. You're free men. They don't move. They stare at him blankly.
37) 3) dialog: Unlike me, you are no free men... He turns behind him, and looks at the mansion, all candelabra and chandeliers lighted, all windows open.
37) 4) dialog: Do I have to convince you? He rushed up the stairs, snatches up the candelabra and sets fire to the drapes. He goes from window to window, lighting drapes, lace curtains, everything.
38) 0) text: Louis, wandering from room to room of the burning mansion. he sees paintings of his wife consumed by the flames. He is weakening with the fumes, the heat. We can see this in his face, the texture of his skin. Suddenly a large french window cascades inwards and Lestat stands there, whip in hand. Behind him we can see the morning sky.
38) 2) dialog: What you wouldn't do. It's almost sunrise. It will be the sun or the fire. You said they can kill me. The sun or the fire! Louis stands there, weakened, then collapses onto the floor. Lestat darts forward and catches him before he drops. He runs out the shattered window, carrying him on his shoulder.
39) 0) text: With many crypts. Louis, unconscious, carried over Lestat's shoulder.
40) 0) text: Darkness. Louis lying on the floor of a large crypt. He slowly comes to.
40) 1) dialog: Where are we?
40) 3) dialog: We belong in hell.
41) 2) dialog: Can a vampire feel love?
41) 4) dialog: I was human then. Might as well ask can an angel feel love. Both are blesses or cursed with a certain... detachment. Though whether angels take as long to learn it as I, I will never know. He looks directly at Malloy, shocking him with his gaze.
41) 5) dialog: Yes, I loved Yvette. As I loved Pointe Du Lac. And as with each thing I loved, I destroyed it.
42) 1) dialog: Lestat I did not love. And he survived.
43) 0) text: A lavish little supper chamber with coffered bed, fancy French furniture. Open to rooftops of colonial city. Louis sits by an open window looking out over the city. Behind, we can hear the laughter of Lestat and tow female voices. Louis turns and sees - Lestat, in the main chamber with two drugged or drunked whores. One runs her finger down his chest. The other seems out of it.
43) 8) dialog: I'm leaving you. I can't stand this any longer. Lestat pulls away from the whore.
43) 10) dialog: I'm not interested in you. You disgust me. I'm interested in my own nature and know I can't trust you to tell me the truth about me.
43) 12) dialog: I don't pretend to know.
43) 14) dialog: Lestat, she's alive!!!
43) 16) dialog: The girl, Lestat -
43) 21) dialog: Why do you do this Lestat?
43) 25) dialog: Lestat - finish this -
43) 30) dialog: 
43) 34) dialog: My God... to think you... are all I have to learn from...
44) 0) text: A rat scurried down a gutter, then another and another. Louis' hand grabs the rat. We see him from behind, walking down the street, gripping one, then another.
44) 1) dialog: Am I damned? Am I from the devil? Is my very nature that of a devil? And all the while, as these dreaded questions caused me to neglect my thirst, my thirst grew hotter, my veins were threads of pain in my flesh, my temples throbbed. A smaller side street, in which every house is marked with an X. The street is crawling with rats, and Louis is following them. A man passes with a lantern.
44) 3) dialog: The way I came... He walks on, following the rats.
44) 4) dialog: ... and finally, when I could stand it no longer, I stood in an empty desolate street and heard the sound of a child crying. A house, the door slightly open, marked with an X. The sound of a child crying inside. Louis walks towards it.
45) 3) dialog: And if I am damned, why do I fell such pity for her gaunt face? Why do I wish to warm her tiny arms? Comfort her beating heart? She snuggles into him, suddenly utterly secure. She tugs at his hair, brings his head down towards her. And we see Louis shiver, as his lips go to her neck. Her breathing becomes calm as she goes into the swoon. Gradually another sound replaces it. LESTAT'S LAUGHTER, GROWING LOUDER AND LOUDER. Suddenly Louis backs away, caught red-handed, the child in his arms. He sees Lestat slapping his knee and laughing in the doorway.
46) 0) text: Louis running through an assortment of streets. All the night life of New Orleans flows by him.
46) 1) dialog: For years I had not savored a human. And when I had Lestat's words made sense to me. I knew peace only when I killed and when I heard her heart in that terrible rhythm I knew again what peace could be. Yet even then I could not contenance it...
47) 0) text: Fingers of light in the sky. Louis, pale and shivering, walks splashing through the water. He comes to a huge sewer-pipe, crowded with rats. He crawls inside.
49) 0) text: Louis huddled there, so pale and shivering he seems close to death. Lestat comes through.
49) 3) dialog: No... They emerge from the sewer and walk along the waterfront.
49) 5) dialog: Oh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt an end to the craving.
49) 8) dialog: Is God merciless? Greedy and cruel?
50) 2) dialog: What are you saying?
50) 4) dialog: Lestat!
50) 6) dialog: I didn't want to kill her.
50) 9) dialog: Lestat, what do you mean? Louis runs at him, but Lestat brushes him aside effortlessly, so he falls to the floor. Lestat bites his wrist and presses the bleeding wound to the child's mouth... He winces in pain.
50) 13) dialog: What have you done? Lestat puts her down on the bed and sits beside her, holding his wrist, obviously in pain.
50) 19) dialog: You are the devil! You are the instrument of Satan!
50) 26) dialog: (whispers)
50) 32) dialog: You fiend. You monster. Lestat smiles
51) 2) dialog: Shall we go on?
51) 4) dialog: Perhaps. He knew me. He knew I would love her more than the waking world. But there was more to it than that. Perhaps in the end he did it - to show me that he could. For he lavished affection on her, there was no doubt about that. Life was very different with madame Claudia, as you can imagine...
53) 0) text: Striped wallpaper gives way to flowers in the bedrooms. Huge four-poster beds in the bedrooms, and large chests, as big as coffins standing against the wall. Everywhere there are candles and pretty Louis XVI furniture. Lestat gives instructions to the movers.
53) 4) dialog: A little child she was, but also a fierce killer, now capable of the ruthless pursuit of blood with all a child's demanding. Lestat walks through - sees the dressmaker lying dead at Claudia's feet, Claudia still on the chair in the half-finished dress.
54) 1) dialog: She would sleep in my coffin, daily, curl her child's fingers round my hair as she dreamt of I know not what...
54) 2) text: Claudia and Louis, sleeping in a coffin together, Claudia's fingers curling his hair.
55) 1) dialog: Mute and beautiful, she played with dolls, dressing them and undressing them by the hour.
56) 1) dialog: Mute and beautiful, she killed. And to watch her kill was chilling.
57) 7) dialog: They found death fast in those days, before she learnt to play with the, to delay the moment till she had taken what she wanted...
62) 0) text: Claudia and Louis looking through the window at a display of coffins. Claudia point at the smallest one.
62) 1) dialog: She grew, yet stayed the same. She wanted a bed of her own, yet would climb back into mine.
65) 2) dialog: How did you learn to write, Claudia?
65) 5) dialog: Lestat taught you all you need to know about that.
65) 7) dialog: He jests.
65) 9) dialog: Hush, Claudia don't talk about such things. Show me your book. She opens it. Inside there is a beautiful pen and ink portrait of Louis.
65) 10) dialog: Claudia! You did that?
65) 12) dialog: Time can pass fast for mortals when they're happy. With us it was the same.
66) 1) dialog: It was a very different life. And a new century was beginning. what had once been a small godforsaken French colony was growing into a great port, giving us an endless train of magnificent strangers... Claudia, Louis and Lestat, dressed in the same clothes walking through a raucous carnival with sideshows. Crowd milling around, sailors, whores, children, thieves, freed slaves, Indians. They pass a Wild West display, jugglers, fire-eaters, three-card tricksters...
66) 2) dialog: All human life was here, for the taking. And we took, all three of us, in our different ways... They come to a raised platform where a troupe of perfectly-formed midgets do a burlesque show. Claudia stops. She stares, at these small, perfect creatures like herself, intrigued and troubled. Louis and Lestat walk on, not noticing as -
66) 7) dialog: I watched her grow yet stay the same, her doll-like face possessed of adult eyes, eerie, powerful, seductive...
67) 0) text: Claudia playing the piano, now like a demonic Liszt. Louis writing. Lestat appears in the doorway. He has a big box in his arms.
67) 14) dialog: Claudia - don't -
68) 0) text: She stands before the dressing-table, all her long hair grown back over her shoulders. She holds it with both hands, screaming and screaming. Lestat and Louis come through the door.
68) 6) dialog: Claudia - She turns on Lestat.
68) 16) dialog: (tenderly)
68) 19) dialog: You see the old woman? That will never happen to you. You'll never grow old. You will never die.
68) 22) dialog: Come... I've something to show you...
69) 0) text: Louis walking, holding Claudia as if he was about to lose her.
69) 1) dialog: Though everything was changed, through the years had warped the contours of the streets, I found my way there, aware that I'd always known where it was and avoided it, not wanting to pass the doorway where I'd first heard Claudia cry. Louis back in the same street, outside the same house. He stands with Claudia at the window. There is a family inside, a picture of domestic tranquility.
69) 2) dialog: I heard you crying. You were there in a room with your mother. You were hugging her for warmth, crying pitifully as you had been for days. Because your mother was dead... Claudia stares at him, suddenly very cold, very alert.
69) 3) dialog: I opened the shutters... I came into the room... I felt pity for you. Pity, but something else. He can't go on. Claudia's eyes are remorseless.
69) 5) dialog: And he found me with you. I ran, sickened at what I'd done. Then he cut his wrist and fed you from him. I tried to stop him, but you were a vampire then. And have been every night hereafter.
69) 7) dialog: I took your life. He gave you another one. Claudia speaks through indrawn breath.
70) 0) text: Malloy and Louis.
70) 2) dialog: How could I not? She had to know.
70) 4) dialog: Where would she have gone? She was a child, and beautiful, heartbreaking merciless child. And I had made her that...
71) 0) text: Louis, walking the streets, shivering.
71) 1) dialog: I walked all night. I walked as I walked years before when my mind swam with guilt at the thought of killing. I found myself at the Cathedral. A cathedral rising out of the mist, the doors open.
71) 2) dialog: I thought of all the things I had done and couldn't undo. And I longed for one second's peace... Louis walks towards the doors, inside.
72) 0) text: Louis enters. The dim lights of candles. A sacristan tending the altar, an old woman praying - otherwise empty.
72) 1) dialog: I had no fear. If anything I longed for something to happen, for the stones to tremble as I entered the foyer. Louis walking down the nave of the church. He stops by the alter.
72) 2) dialog: I almost genuflected from old habit. I almost prayed. Louis sits in a pew.
72) 3) dialog: And then it struck me.
72) 5) dialog: What if the statues gave an image to nothing? What if I was the supernatural in this cathedral? The only immortal under this roof. And I felt nothing but loneliness. Loneliness to the point of madness. Suddenly a hand is laid on his shoulder. Louis almost jumps. He turns and sees the face of a grey-haired priest.
72) 8) dialog: It's too late, too late -
73) 0) text: Louis, kneeling in the darkness. The hatch slides back.
73) 1) dialog: Bless me father for I have sinned so often and so long, I don't know how to change nor beg for forgiveness.
73) 3) dialog: Murders, father, death after death. The woman who died two nights ago in Jackson Square, I killed her. And thousands of others before her. I have walked the streets of New Orleans like the Grim reaper. And fed on human life for my own. I am a vampire, father, and have turned the one I love most of all into on too - The hatch slams down. Louis rises, confused, and the door is flung open, the priest stands there.
73) 5) dialog: Then there is no mercy. His face comes into the light. The priest steps back, open-mouthed.
73) 6) dialog: You talk of sacrilege. Why if God exists does he suffer me to exist? He bares his fangs. The priest runs, screaming. Gets to the bellrope, begins to ring the bell. Louis swoops on him.
73) 7) dialog: Why does he suffer me to live? Louis takes him, lifting him from the floor, till his feet stop kicking.
74) 0) text: Louis enters, silently, like a corpse. He hears a voice behind him.
74) 7) dialog: He'll never let us go. Claudia smiles.
75) 0) text: A sailing ship, by the docks. Louis and Claudia talking to a shipping-clerk.
75) 1) dialog: So we made plans. She was convinced there were others of our kind in Europe, that they would have the answers Lestat couldn't provide. Lestat whom she now hated, who she thought she could be free of. I doubted, but then she had a surprise in store...
76) 0) text: Lestat playing the piano. Louis reading. Claudia enters, wearing a cape and hat. She walks to the piano, sits at the end of the piano and stares at him as he plays.
77) 12) dialog: Claudia! Don't do this thing!!!
77) 14) dialog: What have you done, Claudia - He drags her off Lestat, tries to pull her out of the room. She hisses at him.
77) 16) dialog: Lestat. Oh, God forgive us.
77) 19) dialog: He's dead, Claudia, dead.
77) 23) dialog: Don't mock, Claudia...
78) 0) text: Louis whipping the horses. Claudia beside him. Lestat's skeleton in the back, with the bodies of the two dead youths.
78) 2) dialog: And suppose the one who made him knows nothing and the vampire who made him knows nothing, and it goes back, nothing proceeding from nothing, until there is nothing! And we must live with the knowledge that there is no knowledge.
78) 4) dialog: And if we find the one who made him? Do we tell him we destroyed his own creation? The vampire Lestat? Louis drags out the bodies of the boys. He slides them into the waters of the swamp. We see ripples in the water and the churning of alligators, as they attack the corpses. Louis takes Lestat's skeleton in his arms. He slides it into the waters. The alligators speed towards it.
78) 6) dialog: Then maybe so do we. Every night of our lives. He was my brother. My maker. He gave me this life, whatever it is.
78) 9) dialog: (bitterly)
78) 10) text: I can't. Go away from me. Claudia is shocked to her core. She steps back. Louis stares at the rippling waters. Gradually the movement of alligators stops. Then he hears a sound he hasn't heard in years. Soft, choking. He turns, sees Claudia sitting by a cypress tree, like a little girl for the first time in years. She is weeping copiously.
78) 11) dialog: Claudia - You're crying - We see her face, tears of blood running down it. She is heartbroken, lost.
78) 13) dialog: And you never cried -
78) 15) dialog: Hush, Claudia, hush now my dear -
78) 17) dialog: I love you Claudia. Always. And we are free now, Claudia. No Lestat. Just the two of us, beginning the great adventure of our lives. He lifts her into the carriage and drives off, leaving the silent waters of the swamp.
79) 0) text: Sturdy mulatto workmen lifting cases and trunks out of the apartment. All the furniture is covered in white sheets. Claudia dressed in a cap and hat, is playing the piano by the light of one remaining oil-lamp. Louis comes from her room with the cage of canaries.
79) 1) dialog: The birds. We forgot about the birds. There's nothing for it but to let them go. He opens the cage, and the canaries fly around the room. There is a knocking on the door. Claudia falters.
79) 3) dialog: The workmen must have a trunk - don't stop, cherie - He goes downstairs. Claudia plays a moment, then stops, perturbed. She goes to the window. Then sees something out there that makes her face go white. She screams.
79) 15) dialog: It can't be -
79) 19) dialog: Stay back - for the love of God... or I'll burn you alive... Lestat lunges again at Claudia. Louis hurls the lamp, which explodes him in flame. Lestat screams in agony, whirls around the room, then comes on Claudia again. She hurls another lamp. Louis throws the flaming sheets around him, wrapping him further in fire. Lestat falls to his knees, choking, hands up over his face in the smoke. The whole parlor is afire. Louis gathers up Claudia, smothering the burning house, carries her down the back stairs, through the carriage way and through the gathering crowds of mortals into the street.
80) 0) text: Louis running, with Claudia in his arms. He looks back at the flames of the house. Sound of a ship's horn.
80) 2) dialog: Not yet. Holding her tightly, Louis runs.
81) 0) text: Louis stands at the railings in the morning mist as the ship moves down the river. He sees...
81) 2) dialog: Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both. And all the while I thought, Lestat, we deserve your vengeance. You gave me the dark gift. And I delivered you into the hands of death for the second time.
82) 0) text: Louis and Malloy.
82) 2) dialog: He was dead to us. We were free. That was all that mattered.
83) 1) dialog: Though the ship was blessedly free of rats, a strange plague nonetheless struck its passengers. A body is slipped into the sea. A priest reads last rites to a mourning family.
84) 1) dialog: Claudia and I alone seemed immune. We kept to ourselves, pondering the mystery of Lestat and the greater mystery of each other.
85) 1) dialog: We reached the Mediterranean. I wanted those waters to be blue. They were black, nighttime waters and how I suffered then, straining to remember the color that a young man's senses had taken for granted, that my memory had let slip away for eternity. It was black off the coast of Italy, black off the coast of Greece, Europe itself was black.
86) 0) text: Claudia, sitting with an easel and sketch-pad, sketching the bay of Naples. A beautifully realized drawing, all in shades of grey and black. Louis observes.
86) 3) dialog: We saw the Acropolis by moonlight, shades of grey and silver. And I longed for the brilliant white of those marbles in the hot sun of Homer... The sketch changes to a sketch of -
86) 5) dialog: We docked at Varna and searched the rural countryside of the Carpathians, for what she liked to term "our kind"...
86) 9) dialog: The quest for these Old World vampires filled me with bitterness. We searched village after village, ruin after ruin and I was glad when always we found nothing. For what could the damned really have to say to the damned?
87) 0) text: Malloy and Louis.
87) 2) dialog: Peasant rumors, superstitions about garlic, crosses, stakes in the hear, all that - how do you say again? Bull shit. But one of our kind? Not a whisper.
87) 4) dialog: Fictions, my friend. The vulgar fictions of a demented Irishman... So we repaired to Paris...
88) 1) dialog: I think the very name of Paris brought a rush of pleasure to me that was extraordinary. I was a Creole, after all and Paris was the mother of New Orleans, a universe whole and entire unto herself...
91) 0) text: Louis and Claudia hurrying hand in hand with a crowd of mortals towards the sound of an ORCHESTRA TURNING beyond.
92) 0) text: Claudia and Louis standing in the deep shadows, looking at the branching arches. Louis is overcome with sadness, Claudia is fascinated.
93) 0) text: Louis and Claudia walk among a series of mythological nudes by Poussin.
94) 1) dialog: We were alive again. We were in love and so euphoric was I that I yielded to her every desire...
95) 5) dialog: Still my beautiful child. Claudia laughs.
95) 7) dialog: Yes... He turns away.
95) 10) dialog: Yes.
95) 13) dialog: It was something hurries...and seldom savored... something acute that was quickly lost. It was the pale shadow of killing.
96) 0) text: Louis and Claudia walk along a boulevard like father and daughter. All around them are bourgeois Parisian families on their evening stroll. Claudia points at the children that pass.
96) 3) dialog: Claudia, you torture yourself.
96) 5) dialog: You are more beautiful than any of them.
97) 0) text: We see Madeleine, inside, painting a doll's face. Louis and Claudia arrive outside.
97) 4) dialog: You are neither, Claudia. Now stop this - Madeleine sees Claudia from inside. She waves.
97) 5) dialog: You know her?
97) 7) dialog: Come, Claudia... He takes her arm. But Claudia shakes him off, and moves into the shop.
97) 9) dialog: For a time we had been almost human, in the sensual whirl of what Paris had to offer. But the human delights of that city only served to remind her of the ageless child she had become. I felt her pain as I walked until I become aware that I was being followed.
97) 11) dialog: Claudia! Nothing. He walks again, hears the same effect. Then he stops. He stares at a gaslamp opposite.
97) 12) dialog: So it was when I had given up the search for vampires that a vampire found me... Santiago, a tall vampire, materializes under the gaslight. And Louis gradually realizes that this vampire has assumed the same attitude, posture, clothes and hair-style as Louis. Louis gives an involuntary shake of the head. Santiago mimics. Louis takes a step forwards. Santiago mimics. Louis folds his arms. Santiago mimics. LOUIS &amp; STATIAGO (simultaneously)
97) 14) dialog: You mean me harm?
97) 16) text: You mean me harm? Louis calculates.
97) 17) dialog: Trickster. Buffoon! Santiago echoes the first word, but not the second. Louis has broken his composure. He turns his back on Santiago, only to come face to face with Santiago right in front of him. Again Louis turns this back to find Santiago facing him. Louis turns, glowers, refusing to look at him.
97) 18) dialog: I've searched the world for an immortal and this is what I find? Slowly he looks up. Santiago draws close, breaking the mirror trick and suddenly slams Louis back against the wall. Louis is furious. He regains his balance, strikes out at Santiago and when Santiago vanishes, to reappear behind him, Louis slams back his elbow into his midriff. Santiago staggers, amazed and then rushes at Louis, throwing him down. Louis rolls back to his feet, then to his amazement sees two vampires, on in front, on behind. He looks both ways, then sees one has vanished. He stares, awestruck, at this new one:
97) 25) dialog: Remember what I've told you. They'll have different powers. They'll read your thoughts if you allow it. They draw close to:
97) 31) dialog: Nonsense all right. But something tell me it's going to be the strangest nonsense we've ever seen. Warily, they show their invitations to the mortal ticket taker at the door. He glances away indifferently.
98) 0) text: Claudia and Louis look at the crowd as the lights go down.
98) 2) dialog: They are here. I know they are. Listen for something that doesn't make a sound. Stage: curtain rises. An elaborate painted set of an Italianate castle. Death standing before it, the traditional image of the Grim Reaper, complete with magnificent scythe.
98) 3) dialog: (whispers)
98) 5) dialog: They use no paint. And the audience think it is paint.
98) 8) dialog: No. She's frightened. She doesn't know where she is. The audience laughs uneasily, then stops as the Mortal Woman comes into the footlights. She is too beautiful, too confused. Santiago, as Death, advances on her. She backs away, terrified, then sees the other vampires, in a phalanx, advancing from behind, in a half-circle.
98) 12) dialog: This is no performance.
98) 23) dialog: This is monstrous!
98) 47) dialog: Who battles desire and hunger with anger.
98) 48) dialog: I've seen enough of this! I loathe it!
98) 51) text: The audience, milling towards the exits. They talk in vacuous terms about the beauty of the show, the symbolism of it, the daring of it as they leave. Gradually Louis and Claudia are left alone in the empty theatre. Louis seems anxious to leave. Claudia whispers in his ear.
98) 53) dialog: We've been searching for you for a very long time... His voice echoes eerily. Armand gestures for them to follow him.
99) 0) text: Armand leading, Louis and Claudia following. It opens into a -
99) 3) dialog: Monstrous.
99) 5) dialog: Your lips, they didn't move.
100) 2) dialog: We had feared we were the only ones...
100) 5) dialog: Are you the leader of this group?
100) 7) dialog: So you have the answers...
100) 9) dialog: What are we?
100) 11) dialog: Who made us what we are?
100) 13) dialog: But the one who made him, who made the one who made him, the source of all this evil... Louis looks at the picture. Armand watches him.
100) 15) dialog: You mean we are not children of Satan?
100) 18) dialog: Then there is nothing.
100) 21) dialog: Then God does not exist...
100) 23) dialog: And no vampire here has discourse with God or the Devil?
100) 25) dialog: My God... So it's as I always feared. Nothing, leading to nothing.
100) 28) dialog: He knew nothing. He just didn't care.
101) 0) text: Louis and Claudia feel their way through darkened corridors, trying to find their way out.
101) 1) dialog: The place was dark as we left, a darkness that confounded even Claudia. And as we blundered through it, again came the thought: I have wronged Lestat, I have hated him for the wrong reasons. Suddenly a light comes on. They see they are in the empty theatre. Santiago stands on the stage, under a candle.
101) 3) dialog: You read my thoughts?
101) 5) dialog: A name I don't want to say again.
102) 0) text: Claudia and Louis enter the Lobby.
102) 2) dialog: What danger?
103) 0) text: Louis closes the door behind him. Claudia paces.
103) 1) dialog: Do you think I would let them harm you?
103) 3) dialog: Love holds you to me. And we are in danger, not you.
103) 6) dialog: Never.
103) 8) dialog: That's not so.
103) 10) dialog: So you felt it too!
103) 13) dialog: He can protect us, Claudia.
105) 0) text: Louis, sitting alone in the box, as the curtains draw back, to show Santiago as death, as before. Louis takes advantage of the darkness to slip away.
106) 0) text: Armand opens the door to Louis' knock.
106) 2) dialog: Listen to me. He follows Armand into the room.
106) 3) dialog: Claudia is dear to me. My... daughter.
106) 5) dialog: No, my beloved, my child.
106) 7) dialog: I'm not innocent. But I'm afraid. She feels she's in danger from the others.
106) 9) dialog: But why?
106) 11) dialog: Then blame the one who made her...
106) 13) dialog: We want no quarrel with him.
106) 15) dialog: Then I leave too. Armand smiles.
106) 17) dialog: You said there were none.
106) 19) dialog: We can do that?
106) 21) dialog: That's what the one who made me said.
106) 24) dialog: He? Don't you see? I'm not the spirit of any age! I'm at odds with everything and always have been! I'm not even sure what I am! Armand smiles.
106) 26) dialog: And the vampires of the Theatre?
106) 29) dialog: (softly)
106) 32) dialog: Lestat! You knew Lestat!
107) 0) text: Louis, in the street outside, as the door closes behind him.
107) 1) dialog: I felt a kind of peace at last. I had found the teacher which Lestat could never, I knew now, have been. I knew knowledge would never be withheld by Armand. It would pass through him as through a pane of glass. And I knew Claudia must leave me...
108) 0) text: Louis enters. There is unfamiliar scent in the air, a doll sitting by the mirror. Louis looks in the mirror and sees...
108) 5) dialog: You haven't the vaguest conception under God of what you ask!
108) 8) dialog: How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you ask me! Have you any idea of the thing you will become?
108) 10) dialog: Don't make me, Claudia! I cannot do it!
108) 14) dialog: Yes...
108) 16) dialog: You promise to care for her then?
108) 18) dialog: And you know what you ask for? She wraps her arms around Claudia.
108) 20) dialog: What do you think she is, Madeleine? A doll?
108) 23) dialog: (softly)
108) 26) dialog: Look at the gaslight. Don't take your eyes off it. You will be drained to the point of death, but you must stay alive. Do you hear me?
109) 0) text: Louis on the balcony, weakened terribly. A breeze blows on the gauze curtains behind him, through which we see... SILHOUETTES of Madeleine and Claudia. Madeleine her arms outstretched, now a vampire, a long moan of pain coming from her. Claudia comes through the curtains, alarmed.
109) 2) text: Louis! Louis speaks without turning.
109) 3) dialog: She is dying. It happened to you too, but your child's mind can't remember.
109) 5) dialog: It's only mortal death. He turns to look at Claudia.
109) 6) dialog: Bear me no ill will, my love. We are now even.
109) 8) dialog: What died tonight inside that room was not that woman. It will take her many nights to die, perhaps years. What has died in that room tonight is the last vestige in me of what was human. She takes his hand.
110) 0) text: In a press of vampires, Louis, Claudia and Madeleine are forced down the dark corridor. Into -
110) 2) dialog: Armand! Get me Armand! he wouldn't countenance this -
110) 9) dialog: You are alive, Lestat! It can't be murder! Tell them how you treated us... Lestat reaches out to Louis.
110) 11) dialog: Are you mad???
110) 15) dialog: You let her go, Lestat - you let her free - and I'll come back with you - Santiago grabs Louis by the neck.
110) 20) text: We promised nothing! Louis struggles fiercely as he is forced into the coffin. Claudia weeps.
110) 21) dialog: They've fooled you, Lestat! You must reach Armand! Armand has the power! Louis, struggling in the coffin. Then the lid is forced down, huge locks closed over it.
111) 0) text: Louis, in the smallest imaginable space. Beating his forehead against the metal.
113) 0) text: Louis, forehead pouring with blood, being thrown this way and that. The coffin is lifted, upside down, Louis' head crashes off the floor.
115) 0) text: Louis upside down. Sounds of bricks and mortar. Then terrifying, unearthly scream pierces the coffin, striking to his very soul.
115) 1) dialog: Claudia!!! He loses consciousness.
116) 0) text: Louis sleeps, upside down. Sound of bricks being broken, thrown aside. Then of locks breaking. Louis opens his eyes. The lid opens. He sees -
116) 3) dialog: Where is she? Where's Claudia?
116) 5) dialog: Not without Claudia. Where is she?
116) 7) dialog: You can't believe I'd leave without her. Armand! You must save her! You have no choice.
116) 10) dialog: 
117) 0) text: On the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes, in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each other. Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair remain unburnt. Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many stories to the sky. He cries out in agony. Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the wind, they whirl around the warring figure. Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit. Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the airwell, towards the night sky.
118) 0) text: Louis is slumped against the stone wall. Armand stands beside him like a guardian angel.
118) 2) dialog: I don't believe you. I do not have to read your soul to know that you lie.
118) 4) dialog: You let them do it. Louis climbs to his feet.
118) 5) dialog: You held sway over them. They feared you. You wanted it to happen.
118) 7) dialog: I understand you only too well. You let them do it, as I let Lestat turn a child into a demon. As I let her rip Lestat's heart to pieces! Well I am no longer that passive fool that has spun evil from evil till the web traps the one who made it. Your melancholy spirit of this century! I know what I must do. And I warn you - you saved me tonight, so I return the favor - do not go near your cell in the Theatre Des Vampires again.
119) 2) dialog: Looking at the paling sky. He is in an alleyway, outside of Armand's cell. He has a huge keg with him. he finds the door unlocked. He enters.
120) 0) text: Empty. The hearth is cold. The old coffin is gone. Louis silently closes the door to the passage and blocks it with an immense bar. He goes in the other door.
121) 0) text: Louis hurls kerosene all over the stage, the curtain, the sets, the seats below. He grabs the scythe from the playlet. He walks out. Dribbling a trail of kerosene behind him.
122) 0) text: Louis walking rapidly down, leaving the trail of kerosene. He creeps quietly into the -
122) 2) dialog: Shudders all over, fighting the morning weakness. He readies the scythe, like the grim reaper.
123) 0) text: Louis staggers out of the burning theatre, into the thin daylight. Great gusts of smoke cover the street. He staggers through the daylight, weakening, about to fall, when through the clouds of smoke comes -
125) 0) text: It is already a museum by this time and Louis and Armand, fancily dressed and composed, walk through it. They stop by a Gericault - The Wreck of the Medusa.
125) 1) dialog: You didn't even warm them, did you?
125) 3) dialog: And yet you knew what I would do.
125) 5) dialog: You were their leader. They trusted you.
125) 8) dialog: What a pair we are. We deserve each other, don't we?
125) 10) dialog: We left Paris shortly after. For years we wandered. Greece, Egypt, all the ancient lands. Then, out of curiosity, perhaps, boredom, who knows what, I took him home, to my America...
126) 0) text: A deco cinema of the twenties. Louis and Armand, dressed in the style of the period walk down the aisle through the crowded seats.
126) 1) dialog: And there, a technological wonder allowed me see sunrise, for the first time in two hundred years... On the screen, Murnau's "Sunrise", in black and white. We see a montage of sunrises, from a whole range of movies, in black and white.
126) 2) dialog: And what sunrises! Seen as the human eye could never see them. We would sit in the dark, night after night among nameless humans, entranced with the miracle of light. Silver at first, then as the years progressed in tones of purple, red and my long-lost blue... The SUNRISES continue, in color now, and the backgrounds in them change to the fifties.
126) 3) dialog: And in time parted. We had become so alike, we both wanted the certainties of loneliness once more. The lights come up in a different theatre. Louis sitting there, alone, in a half empty theatre, dressed in the clothes of the fifties. He rises, exits with the others.
127) 0) text: Cars rushing by, twentieth-century madness. Louis emerges from the theatre, walks through the streets.
127) 1) dialog: I had returned to new Orleans. As soon as I smelt the air, I knew I was home. There was sadness there, rich, almost sweet, like the fragrance of jasmine. I walked the streets, savoring it like a long lost perfume...
128) 0) text: Louis walks past the many Greek Revival Mansions.
128) 1) dialog: And then on Prytania Street, only blocks from the Lafayette cemetery I caught the scent of death and it wasn't coming from the graves... CAMERA PANS OVER white-walled Lafayette cemetery and its surrounding mansions.
128) 2) dialog: The scent grew stronger as I walked. Old death. A scent too faint for mortals to detect. Louis sees rats darting across the street. They rush into a great overgrown garden surrounding a ruined mansion. No lights. Louis stops at a rusted gate. He forces it open and enters -
128) 5) dialog: Looks around. Walks on. Sees another corpse, almost nothing but bones, sinking into the wet earth, the roots of an oak overgrowing it. He looks up at the distant light. He passes a third corpse, caught in wisteria and rose vine, only bones and clothes.
128) 6) dialog: They were like the doomed princess caught in the thorny vines of Sleeping Beauty's castle. I knew what it meant. A vampire had lured them here, but had been to weak to get rid of them. Louis sees dead rats lying near the steps.
128) 7) dialog: It spelt weakness, madness, the behavior of a dying animal that pollutes its own lair. Louis treads carefully on the rotted steps. he moves along the porch. More dead rats. He sees through the floor-length window into rooms lined with stacked books. Virtually walled with them. Water seeps down from the ceiling, gleaming as it streaks over the books. The floors of the splendid rooms are bare, except for a rotten French chair by a dead fireplace. A single mirror reflecting the moon. Dead rats. He moves along the porch to the parlor windows. The candle flickers inside. He sees -
128) 11) dialog: He hadn't even been there. And all those years I thought he was dead.
128) 14) dialog: Don't try to speak... it's alright...
128) 16) dialog: That's all past, Lestat.
128) 19) dialog: Don't fear me, Lestat. I bring you no harm.
128) 21) dialog: It's only a siren...
128) 23) dialog: And they frighten you?
128) 25) dialog: It's false light, Lestat. It can't harm you...
128) 27) dialog: I have to go now Lestat...
128) 29) dialog: Yes. I remember... Lestat shivers.
128) 31) dialog: I tried...
128) 33) dialog: You have it... Louis walks slowly away from him. Lestat turns back to his candle, his magazine.
128) 35) dialog: (whispering)
128) 38) dialog: And my story ends there. But in fact it ended a long time ago, with Claudia's ashes in that theatre. My love died with her. I never really changed after that. What became of Lestat I have no idea. I go on, night after night. I feed on those who cross my path. But all my passion went with her yellow hair. I ma a spirit with preternatural flesh. Detached. unchangeable. Empty.
129) 0) text: Malloy, staring at Louis.
129) 2) dialog: But it has. There is no more to tell.
129) 4) dialog: It's over, I'm telling you...
129) 6) dialog: Do what you want with it. Learn what you can. Give the story to others. Malloy rises.
129) 8) dialog: Is this what you want? You ask me for this after all I've told you?
129) 11) dialog: Dear God. I've failed again, haven't I?
129) 13) dialog: Don't say anymore. The reels are still turning. I have but one chance to show you the meaning of what I've said. He looks at the boy. Then suddenly grabs him, lifts him off the floor, bares his terrifying fangs and brings them to his throat. Malloy screams, in involuntary terror.
129) 14) dialog: You like it? You like being food for the immortals? You like dying? Is it beautiful? Is it intense? Malloy, now terrified, whispers
129) 16) dialog: Thank God. Malloy, falls on the floor, terrified. When he looks up, Louis has vanished.
132) 1) dialog: (tape)
132) 13) dialog: (tape)