90) 0) text: Claudia, in furtrimmed muff and bonnet, peers through the glass at a display of dolls. Each doll in there seems to resemble her, with blonde hair and blue eyes. She peers deep into the shop and sees - MADELEINE, a young woman bent over a workbench painting a doll's face, oblivious to being watched.
97) 0) text: We see Madeleine, inside, painting a doll's face. Louis and Claudia arrive outside.
104) 0) text: Claudia, staring at the dolls. We see Madeleine inside, painting a doll. She sees Claudia and smiles and waves.
108) 1) dialog: The doll-maker, resplendent in green taffeta, sitting like a Madonna with Claudia on her lap. Claudia's arms are wound round her neck. The contrast between mortal woman and immortal child is plain.
108) 3) dialog: Drink. Louis turns away. Claudia speaks, icy, from the bed.
108) 6) dialog: Au contraire, monsieur, I have. Louis pushes her away. Claudia screams.
108) 17) dialog: Yes...
108) 19) dialog: Yes.
108) 21) dialog: A child who can't die... Her finger clutches a locket around her neck, Louis touches it, opens it.
108) 25) dialog: My daughter... Louis takes her chin in his hand, gently.
108) 27) dialog: Yes! Louis pulls her to him and starts to drink her blood.
109) 0) text: Louis on the balcony, weakened terribly. A breeze blows on the gauze curtains behind him, through which we see... SILHOUETTES of Madeleine and Claudia. Madeleine her arms outstretched, now a vampire, a long moan of pain coming from her. Claudia comes through the curtains, alarmed.
110) 0) text: In a press of vampires, Louis, Claudia and Madeleine are forced down the dark corridor. Into -
117) 0) text: On the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes, in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each other. Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair remain unburnt. Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many stories to the sky. He cries out in agony. Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the wind, they whirl around the warring figure. Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit. Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the airwell, towards the night sky.