97) 15) dialog: (a beat later)
98) 10) dialog: We are death! The Mortal Woman steps to the footlights.
98) 15) dialog: We all die. Death is the one thing you share with all those here. Santiago gestures to the audience.
98) 19) dialog: Death is no respecter of age. He can come any time, any place. Need I tell you what fate has in store for you?
98) 21) dialog: And if you take that chance and live, what is your fate? The humpbacked toothless visage of old age? Santiago approaches her and tears the drawstring out of her peasant blouse. It opens completely and starts to slip. She tries to catch it, but gently stops her wrists. The blouse falls, exposing her young breasts.
98) 26) dialog: Just as this flesh is pink now, it will turn grey and wrinkle with age.
98) 28) dialog: Then why should you care if you die now? She shakes her head, confused. he catches her wrists behind her back.
98) 30) dialog: Draws near her cheek.
98) 31) dialog: And suppose death had a heart to love and to release you? To whom would he turn his passion? Would you pick a person from the crowd there? A person to suffer as you suffer?
98) 35) dialog: You wait your turn. The audience laughs again. The Mortal Woman shakes her head in panic.
98) 36) dialog: Well, have you a sister, a mother, a daughter you would send in your place?
98) 39) dialog: We alone can give death meaning. Do you know what it means to be loved by death, to become our bride? Mortal Woman looks up on the verge of hysteria or fainting. But then her eyes mist over. She is being entranced.
98) 40) text: We realize she is looking past Santiago at the divinely beautiful Armand, who has just stepped out of the wings. Armand has entranced her. He passes Santiago. Santiago stiffens, but yields the stage.
101) 2) dialog: How did you wrong him? Louis is stunned.
101) 4) dialog: You said a name -
101) 6) dialog: I seemed to recognize it... Other vampires appear behind him.
101) 7) dialog: There is but one crime among us vampires here. He looks at Claudia.
101) 8) dialog: You should know, who are so secretive about the vampire who made you. Claudia laughs.
101) 10) dialog: It is the crime that means death to any vampire. To kill your own kind!
105) 0) text: Louis, sitting alone in the box, as the curtains draw back, to show Santiago as death, as before. Louis takes advantage of the darkness to slip away.
110) 3) dialog: You can make no demands here! Buffoon! Bastard - Santiago strikes Louis to the ground. As he struggles to his feet, he sees the vampires part around a figure coming through. He gasps at the sight of -
110) 6) dialog: Is he the one? Lestat shakes his head.
110) 8) dialog: All the murderers!!!
110) 16) dialog: Death for the others. For you eternity in a box - We see now what caused the scraping. A huge metal coffin being dragged through the vampires. Claudia screams.
110) 17) dialog: Walled in a dungeon. Your only company will be your screams... Perhaps it will take centuries... The vampires grab Louis. They force him towards the coffin. Lestat struggles with them.
110) 19) dialog: (laughing)
117) 0) text: On the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes, in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each other. Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair remain unburnt. Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many stories to the sky. He cries out in agony. Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the wind, they whirl around the warring figure. Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit. Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the airwell, towards the night sky.
122) 6) dialog: Comes at him from behind. Louis turns. Santiago rushes him in a blur. Louis swings the scythe, too fast to see what he himself is doing. Santiago's head streaming blood flies through the air. The body drops, flapping its arms. SCREAMS come from everywhere. Another vampire rushes burning towards Louis. He decapitates him in turn. Then he staggers into Armand's cell, and bars the door the connects it to the ballroom behind him. He staggers to the outer door. There is a thin strip of daylight, beneath the door, blinding him. He throws it open, and staggers into the daylight.