9) 10) text: Shelly sees where this is going. Larry extends his hand..
9) 11) dialog: How do you do, Shelly?
10) 0) text: Shelly seated across from Nicky, Larry and Marty.
10) 5) text: Nicky shoots a look over at Larry and Marty. Larry takes  this as his cue.
10) 6) dialog: First off, Shelly, I want you to  know, I have nothing but respect for  you. You've done a fantastic job  with the Shangri-la for the last  sixteen years. No one would dispute  that.
10) 9) dialog: But, the business has changed out  here. You just have to take a look  at the Strip to see what I'm talking  about.
10) 11) text: Nicky and Larry exchange looks. Marty drops his gaze into his lap.
10) 13) dialog: Yes, well... there's no denying the  bottom line. Those eyesores are raking  it in. And we can't compete against  that.
10) 15) dialog: The numbers, they don't back you up,  Shelly. Nostalgia's grand. We all  love nostalgia -- but it belongs in  a museum. I think it's time to decide  whether you're running a museum or a  casino.
10) 19) text: Larry shoots him a disapproving look. Off Shelly's distur expression. He's already calculating serious damage contr
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
19) 0) text: Shelly exits the dressing room, to find Larry waiting on  him. He's accompanied by a good looking YOUNG MAN.
19) 1) dialog: Shelly, got a minute...
19) 3) dialog: Shelly, this is Johnny Capella.
19) 7) dialog: Johnny's been opening for Danny Ganz  at the Mirage. Sony's talking about  signing him to a three album deal.  They're positioning him as the new  Ricki Martin.
19) 9) dialog: Johnny's looking to headline. I told  him we might be interested.
19) 14) text: Johnny nods at Shelly, takes off. Shelly and Larry eyebal each other for a long, cold beat. Shelly's about to say  something, when Nicky and Marty approach. Larry shrugs,  flashes a chilling smile.
19) 23) text: Shelly looks to Larry.
19) 24) dialog: I think I'll just stick with the  tables.
26) 20) text: The dealer plays. Bernie and the high roller win again. Bernie glances around him uncomfortably. We see Shelly  approaching. Shelly just has a nose for when things aren' running smoothly. Larry is lurking behind him. The dealer turns up some cards. And again, Bernie and the high roller win. Bernie looks absolutely perturbed. Shell gestures something with his head. Bernie cashes out.
26) 22) text: Bernie strolls over to Shelly. Shelly guides him away fro the table under Larry's watchful eye.
26) 26) text: Bernie shakes his head. Larry sidles over.
26) 27) dialog: Is there a problem?
26) 29) dialog: (re: Bernie) Let me guess? This is one of your  "coolers?"
26) 31) dialog: (lowers his voice) Man, they told me you were a stickler  for the old ways. But coolers? What  is this guy, some kind of degenerate  gambler? Reformed card shark? He  doesn't look too effective to me.
26) 33) dialog: Sure. Whatever. But there ways --  subtle ways -- to keep things in our  favor. I'm talking more forward  thinking methods.
26) 35) dialog: As a matter of fact I do. Like, right  off the bat, I can tell you this  wallpaper isn't going to cut it.  It's too uplifting. I would go with  more muted tones.
26) 37) dialog: And personally, I think the waitresses  can all pop another button or two.  Myself, I wouldn't hire anything  less than a C cup.
26) 38) text: Shelly looks to Bernie. You believe this mook? Larry extr a CD from his jacket...
26) 39) dialog: Know what this is? Music to be sure.  Pleasant, non-intrusive. But blended  in at a subsonic level is a mantra.  "Lose... lose... lose." And that's  just skimming the surface. We really  need to talk, Shelly.
27) 0) text: Shelly, Larry and Bernie following behind Morrie as he ha leads them down a hallway of the Shangri-la's best suites They arrive at an open door, the sound of a TELEVISION  beckoning them inside...
28) 0) text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing. It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his  brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end. Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise. PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the flo next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the si of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from hi arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen. Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath. Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief  threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larr who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emo Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upman An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
28) 4) dialog: That won't be necessary.
28) 5) text: Shelly and Larry exchange looks again. Bernie picks up on it. The tension in the room threatens nuclear fission. A  loud ANIMAL ROAR reverberates on the soundtrack... accompanied by jungle-like percussion... as we CUT TO:
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.
34) 0) text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin. Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's g is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's  something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a  "what gives?" eyebrow.
34) 5) text: Nicky gestures to Larry. Larry whisks the plastic sheet o the table... ...to reveal an impressive SCALE MODEL of a redesigned SH LA HOTEL AND CASINO. The model boasts huge snow-capped Himalayan peaks a la "L Horizon," surrounding a completely overhauled hotel and  casino. A Matterhorn-like rollercoaster traverses the mou top. Gold and marbled pillars, terraces and floors promis to raise the bar on Las Vegas opulence. We're looking at hundred million dollar investment easy.
34) 9) dialog: (gesturing to the  model) She's perfect. Three floors of gaming,  IMAX theater, entertainment center,  boutiques, restaurants, rollercoaster,  you name it. She'll pay for herself  in three years, and then it's easy  money.
34) 13) dialog: Yeah, we've all seen the movie. And  your point is?
34) 18) dialog: What are you talking about? It's  right outta the movie?
34) 20) text: A tense silence ensues. Nicky, Larry and Marty exchange l
34) 31) text: Shelly nods at Nicky, then shifts his gaze to Larry. Larr all smiles. He steps forward to join them, his hand dropp down and caressing the surface of Shelly's desk behind hi A subtle gesture not lost on Shelly. Shelly mentally unlo a full chamber into Larry's chest. Returns the smile.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
38) 14) text: Another nine grand. Mikey's rail is nearly full. Charlene hops around awkwardly causing more distraction. Bernie is really sweating it out now. Then Shelly arrives Larry is hot on his tail.
38) 25) text: Larry notices Shelly slipping on a pair of leather gloves
38) 26) dialog: You've gotta be kidding me. (off Shelly's steely  glare) That's not how I propose we handle  it. We'll turn the matter over to  the authorities. They'll be  blacklisted, their credit ruined...
38) 28) text: Shelly walks over to Mikey and Charlene, Larry lingering  behind him.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 34) text: Even Shelly's goons can't believe what they've just witne Larry is aghast. Bernie rushes Shelly, starts raining blo on him. Shelly swats him off. He drops down next to the  squirming girl, rips her sweater and blouse up over her  stomach... ...to reveal a mound of fake padding. He tears the paddin away from her, throws it at Bernie.
39) 36) text: The muscle start laughing it up. Relief. Larry emits a ne giggle. Natalie's jaw hits the floor. Bernie takes a step back. He's about to go into serious shock. Charlene curls over, sobbing.
39) 46) text: Natalie turns her head. She's about to throw up. Larry  watches, unflinchingly. Charlene is making with some seri pleading now.
39) 55) text: Shelly catches Larry's eye: I hope you were taking notes.
60) 0) text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. Wi Bernie standing right there next to the guy. Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence s the player on to an even bigger win. Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him. Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man l about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearb with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
73) 0) text: He's practically foaming at the mouth with rage. He barge in to find Shelly at a table in agitated conversation wit Nicky, Larry and Marty. They fall silent, realizing somet is wrong.
73) 6) text: He rushes off. Nicky shoots Larry a resigned look.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.
81) 18) dialog: What's the matter with you? He's one  of ours and he's taking us to the  fucking cleaners.
81) 20) dialog: It smells wrong. I'm shutting him  down. He's not leaving here with a  dime --
81) 21) text: Shelly suddenly jabs Larry in the throat with the tips of his fingers. Larry gasps, starts to cave. Shelly keeps hi upright, escorts him to a nearby men's room. Nicky and Ma looking on in amazement.
82) 0) text: The door flies open, Larry catapults into frame. OOF! Bounces off the wall. Shelly's right behind him. He drags Larry to his feet. Slams him into the wall again -- gets  right up in his face.
82) 2) text: Blended in at a subsonic level. Some kinda mantra: pain, pain, pain. Shelly headbutts Larry. It's like the sound of a walnut  cracking. Larry slumps to the floor. Shelly takes a deep  breath. Control, control, control. He heads over to the s washes his hands -- over and over. Larry moaning in the b Shelly adjusts his tie in the mirror. Control.
93) 0) text: ...a little flash-forward into the future. Larry sits wit group of CORPORATE TYPES.
93) 1) dialog: Gentlemen... (beat) I thank you for your vote of  confidence. As the Shangri-la's new  Director of Casino Operations, I'm  gonna make a personal guarantee to  each and every one of you. Your  investment in this casino will be  well looked after. The future looks  bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright.