27) 9) dialog: Do you think you can manhandle a Princess this way? (as he kisses her) As though she was hungry and needy as you, a mere servant? Another steamy kiss. In between liplocks, she whispers
27) 11) dialog: very mistaken... a woman of my station... never be attracted... They go at it again.
28) 0) text: A NIMBLE GIRL hurries past SERVANTS hanging laundry in the atrium. She's PESHET, handmaid to Princessa Andromeda. She has a feline quality -- eyes, grace, agility. She raps on the scullery door.
28) 16) text: Andromeda freezes at her mother's voice, stops Agenor, finger to her lips. He ignores her, starts again. Andromeda does something below the frame that jolts him off. The girl can take care of herself.
30) 0) text: A lavish room. Cassiopeia and Kepheus sit in golden chairs, looking off. Andromeda ENTERS FRAME, furious. with conviction --
30) 1) dialog: To please you, I would submit to such a marriage... except I would rather die; Please let me know you're serious about this perverse plan so I can make arrangements to kill myself.
38) 0) text: Andromeda glides to the balustrade to watch the sunset. The Young Nobleman approaches, but her imperious gesture stops him cold.
38) 2) dialog: Will you please give me some
38) 4) dialog: What did you say?
38) 6) dialog: Do you think just anyone can make intimate judgements on the royal family?
38) 8) dialog: Do you always start a seduction with an insult? Perseus moves to the rail, very close to her, and looks at the sea.
38) 17) dialog: What brings you here?
38) 20) dialog: I mean here, tonight. He looks over at her a long moment.
39) 0) text: Perseus and Andromeda walk in moonlit gardens. She stays close, attracted to him.
39) 1) dialog: It's not personal. You're not a bad-looking boy. (as Perseus laughs) I'm too young. I don't want to be married.
39) 3) dialog: Then why are you doing it?
39) 5) dialog: Since we agree, it's settled. No marriage.
39) 14) dialog: That doesn't mean we can't be friends. Get to know each other. I want to show you something. She leads him into a tall, hedged garden maze.
40) 2) dialog: I'll take care of you. They take two more jogs and find themselves in an odd sylvan chamber. Soft plants have been stacked in what could be mistaken for a bed.
40) 3) dialog: This is my special place. No one can see or hear or even find us now.
40) 6) dialog: Do you want to? When he turns back to her, she melts into his arms and gives him a long deep kiss. He's surprised, but handles it well. When she tries to continue, he slows things down, holding her at bay.
40) 7) dialog: Do you not find me attractive?
40) 16) dialog: Of course, you haven't been much in the world.
40) 18) dialog: Don't you want to make love to your almost-wife? Maybe we'll find we're not compatible.
40) 21) dialog: Is it true you're a demigod?
40) 24) dialog: I don't see it. (as Perseus laughs) But let's find out for sure... She kisses him yet again, pulling him toward the bed of foliage. He can no longer resist. Together they fall into the softness. He kisses her passionately as their bodies begin to move together. She breaks the kiss for only a moment, her voice husky --
40) 25) dialog: I think I'm becoming a believer... They start to make love.
45) 0) text: Perseus wakes on the bed of foliage, looks around. Andromeda is gone. He thinks, smiles. Then he remembers his situation. The smile fades.
46) 0) text: Perseus, in a white tunic and polished ceremonial armor, moves through the crowd of REVELERS. The grandiose room is hemmed by columns and statues. The royal family sits on the dais. Andromeda motions Perseus up beside her.
46) 1) dialog: You're late.
46) 3) dialog: I want to thank you for seeing me home. I was so flushed with wine I can't recall much of the evening. Perseus half smiles and turns to the crowd.
46) 14) dialog: At what point do you plan to tell them we're not getting married?
46) 16) dialog: (a sweeping gesture) Them...
46) 38) dialog: 
46) 53) dialog: -- your beloved, worthless Princessa. Andromeda GASPS. Shock everywhere.
51) 0) text: A figure passes by a window in silhouette -- Andromeda steals through the shadows toward the Throne Room.
52) 0) text: Andromeda edges into position to see the room below.
56) 0) text: Tiamat's storm is pounding Joppa. LIGHTNING stabs through the dark clouds. RAIN POUNDS the tiles outside Andromeda's lavish bedroom. Peshet glides to Andromeda, who's wide awake, red-eyed, distressed.
56) 2) dialog: My father was ready to sacrifice me to the monster.
56) 4) dialog: I saw it. I heard the words. My loving father, his beloved child. Only Perseus stayed his decision.
56) 6) dialog: The city is besieged, the people suffer.
56) 15) dialog: Because of me, because he did not offer me up. Is that right?
56) 17) dialog: (wiping her eyes) Sleep? Sleep will come soon enough for me, faithful one. In one month... at the latest. The palace shakes with the ROLLING THUNDER.
68) 0) text: A CADRE of REVOLUTIONARIES led by Fantasos is gathered. Agenor, the handsome scullion who made love to Andromeda, leads Peshet in from the rain. She is frightened; Agenor has misled her.
73) 0) text: Peshet comes into the dark room and looks at the lump on Andromeda's bed. On instinct, she hurries to the bed and throws off the covers -- a pile of cushions, no Andromeda. Peshet races out.
76) 0) text: Peshet rounds a corner, frustrated. Andromeda is gone. A hand grabs Peshet's shoulder, startling her. It is Fantasos.
110) 18) dialog: I would speak with the King in private.
110) 21) dialog: We can speak here, in the elements our subjects endure. The King's men exchange looks, then bow discreetly away, leaving father and daughter alone. Andromeda looks down at the tent city.
110) 23) dialog: You've sheltered me too long from the hard things in this world.
110) 25) dialog: And I thank you for the gift of my cosseted youth. But now, with Mother so... (turns to him) It's time I shared this burden you've carried so long. Filled with emotion, he puts an arm around her.
110) 27) dialog: No, no longer. Your protection of me has brought hardship to our people...
110) 36) dialog: and to me, perhaps, new understanding. I must ask you something, Father. She turns away from his gaze and looks down at the city.
110) 37) dialog: If you could end this siege with just one unselfish act, would you do it?
110) 39) dialog: Such an act is within my power. He studies her a moment, then becomes alarmed.
110) 41) dialog: Perseus and the others were willing to give everything.
110) 43) dialog: Be at peace, Father, I will not cause you any more sadness than I already have.
120) 0) text: The GONG sounds again. CLOSE ON Andromeda's tortured face staring down at the city -- too CLOSE to see exactly where she is.
121) 10) dialog: Peshet, stop! I know what I am meant to do.
121) 12) dialog: I was afraid, Peshet. Afraid to understand that the fate of so many could rest with me.
121) 14) dialog: (looks at the drop) I'm not afraid anymore. I will do what I must. I will die so that they may live.
122) 0) text: Peshet leads Andromeda out.
122) 1) dialog: We must get to my mother and father. A VOICE from the darkness:
126) 0) text: PELTING RAIN. HUNDREDS OF ONLOOKERS have gathered. An IRON WINCH sits on a GRANITE PLATFORM on the cliff's edge. Fantasos and his cohorts wait beside a huge BRONZE GONG. Agenor brings Andromeda barefoot through the mud. The onlookers jostle for a better view, some spiteful, some sad, all curious.
131) 0) text: GONG! The wind rocks Andromeda on her CREAKING CHAIN. She watches... A mile offshore, a BULGE OF WATER SWELLS and plows toward the coast. The Onlookers watch in terrified awe as the swell races closer. Leviathan explodes from the surface, too huge to be seen whole. It shoots straight up, up, up the three-hundred- foot cliffs. The Kraken's jaws hurtle up at Andromeda. Onlookers recoil. Fantasos stumbles in panicked retreat. The creature's BELLOW is deafening. At the apex of its surge, it SNAPS ITS JAWS SHUT with a booming THUNDERCRACK... just millimeters from Andromeda's dangling head -- and FALLS BACK. Churning surf surrounds its endless SLIDE back down.
133) 0) text: CLICK-CLACK-CLICK-CLACK. The chain lowers Andromeda toward the sea.
134) 0) text: Leviathan hurtles downward. Andromeda flails, bound to the chain.
137) 0) text: The water stills. The sea calms. No sign of Perseus or Andromeda. WIND and QUIET... CHOOM! Perseus surfaces with Andromeda in his arms, GASPING FOR AIR.
139) 0) text: BACK WITH Perseus and Andromeda. He looks at her lifeless countenance in agony -- has he failed again as he did with Anteros the fisherman?? Distraught, his muscles go taut around Andromeda, and a short powerful burst of electric energy shoots from his arms into her still body -- SHE JOLTS TO LIFE! Movement! Breath! Color returns to her face. Perseus, too, breathes again, relieved. For the first time since the start of the adventure, they find themselves alone, holding each other.
139) 3) dialog: I think I am. He smiles. She'll never know how close they came to oblivion.
139) 4) dialog: Are you ready to become a king? His expression is kind, but unmistakable. "No." She accepts that, rueful.
139) 14) dialog: Yes. Yes, I am.
141) 0) text: The Sacred Ground of Joppa in the verdant hills, above the sea, is so beautiful it might be mistaken for Olympos. TWO FUNERAL PYRES burn. The citizens of Joppa, by the thousands, commend King Kepheus and Queen Cassiopeia to the afterlife. MOVING OVER THE CROWD, WE PUSH THROUGH the flame to find the new ruler of Joppa. Mournful, but cloaked in regal dignity and strength -- QUEEN ANDROMEDA.