16) 33) dialog: Twenty-five years! How is that possible? Amoun winces at her tone. Thoth sends a scary glance her way. Icy --
18) 0) text: Kepheus and Cassiopeia sit stunned. Amoun watches without surprise.
18) 3) dialog: 
18) 7) dialog: Is my only daughter to marry a demigod, not of this earth?
18) 20) dialog: 
18) 25) dialog: What assurance do we have that our                      daughter will be safe?
28) 7) dialog: Peshet! Startled, Peshet spins to see the Queen approach.
28) 15) dialog: Where is the Princess?
29) 2) dialog: She is not. You are expected to know her -- A SQUEAL and WHISPERING from the closet stops Cassiopeia. She throws a perturbed glance at the door. Peshet looks guilty.
29) 3) dialog: 
30) 0) text: A lavish room. Cassiopeia and Kepheus sit in golden chairs, looking off. Andromeda ENTERS FRAME, furious. with conviction --
30) 11) dialog: She'll be a great ruler one day.
33) 0) text: Cassiopeia hurries down a corridor to the parlor. WE FOLLOW to find: Kepheus speaking sternly to Perseus, before him.
33) 7) dialog: 
33) 41) dialog: 
33) 45) dialog: 
33) 68) dialog: The wedding comes later. Tomorrow we will have the public announcement.
33) 82) dialog: She is unmistakable.
46) 20) dialog: I won't be long-winded. You all know I am a modest person, no matter my rank. Some of the crowd react silently. Andromeda watches her mother with trepidation, but not as much as Kepheus, watching from his throne.
46) 21) dialog: 
46) 24) dialog: This union represents new hope for a lasting peace! That is the only cause for celebration. The crowd reacts with exclamations and applause. Amoun wills her to stop. Cassiopeia takes another drink, looks over at the Princess.
46) 32) dialog: 
46) 34) dialog: To my beautiful daughter... more beautiful than all the women of Joppa. More beautiful than the Gardens of Nineveh... Kepheus is about to pull her away. She throws him a spiteful glance.
46) 35) dialog: More beautiful than the turquoise ocean and its sublime Goddess of the Deep... Tiamat herself! My daughter is a beauty even a Goddess must envy. Amoun reacts in dismay. A distressed MURMUR roils the crowd. Andromeda goes to her mother.
46) 36) dialog: I've gone on too long -- She stops with a look of sudden dread. The Great Hall DARKENS. The torch flames TURN BLACK. The temperature drops. The statues lining the hall shut their eyes and the doors burst open. TIAMAT, QUEEN OF THE DEEP, floats forward, parting the terrified celebrants. Perseus sees his first Olympian. Tiamat arrives at the dais. Cassiopeia drops to her knees.
50) 0) text: Cassiopeia lies blank and wan. A LOW DRONE grows. Kepheus rushes to the window. And then, a deep, EARTH- SHATTERING BELLOW from the creature. The room SHUDDERS.
119) 0) text: A GONG sounds ONCE in the night. Repheus sleeps fitfully on a divan by the bed of the desiccated Cassiopeia.
141) 0) text: The Sacred Ground of Joppa in the verdant hills, above the sea, is so beautiful it might be mistaken for Olympos. TWO FUNERAL PYRES burn. The citizens of Joppa, by the thousands, commend King Kepheus and Queen Cassiopeia to the afterlife. MOVING OVER THE CROWD, WE PUSH THROUGH the flame to find the new ruler of Joppa. Mournful, but cloaked in regal dignity and strength -- QUEEN ANDROMEDA.