58) 0) text: They've camped for the night in a clearing. A fire burns, food cooks. Mongke and Tamburlane emerge from the woods with armfuls of timber and kindling. Draco glances up from striking his flintstone. Gruffly --
58) 1) dialog: More. The Mongols stare -- either not comprehending or ready to fight.
58) 2) dialog: It must last all night. Get some more.
63) 0) text: Nearby, the Expedition (minus Abas) rests. Not here: Perseus, Draco, Icos, and Boreas.
64) 0) text: A herd of winged horses, PEGASSI, graze. Draco, Boreas, Icos and Perseus  -- thrilled -- hide in a thicket.
64) 1) dialog: Pegassi, stallions of the Gods.
64) 8) dialog: Stop it, rogues. One of our own has disappeared without a trace and all you can think is to cause mischief. What if Perseus is bucked to his death from a thousand feet up?
64) 17) dialog: Don't do this. If we go back to camp right now, we can avoid trouble and keep our goal in sight. A true leader will not be distracted.
64) 20) dialog: Perseus, get out of there! Icos, fetch the others. Icos bolts. Draco and Boreas leap into the clearing with swords drawn to draw the monster's attention. Perseus does the same.
64) 21) dialog: I told you to run, boy. You'll make things worse.
66) 1) dialog: Boreas! Draco hacks at the monster's leg, to no avail. it rips off Boreas' head and swallows his body. Perseus CRIES OUT and leaps at the creature, sword swinging.
77) 11) dialog: (to the others) Look sharp. Watch your surround.
79) 1) dialog: Where is everyone? Spyros HEARS something and follows the SOUND to a tent, weapon ready.
81) 43) dialog: Let's kill these freks! Perseus runs over the backs of the Lotophagi. Hurtling off them, he scrambles up and knocks Kalibos off Vidalia. Ralibos rolls, flips onto his feet and gives Perseus a look: "You're the one that I want." They face off, looking for an opening. Perseus lunges, thrusting his sword. Kalibos dodges, springing up the rocks and then down toward Perseus, acrobatic as an ape. Perseus rolls out of the way. Perseus sweeps his sword at Kalibos' head. The monster catches the blade in his jaws and SNAPS IT IN TWO! Bloody spittle flies from his tongue. Kalibos pounces, pins Perseus. He opens his jaw and sinks his teeth into Perseus' shoulder. Vidalia cracks a rock into Kalibos' head. The creature whirls on Vidalia and careens toward her, head bloody. Perseus leaps in the air and catches Kalibos in the back with both feet, knocking him over the edge.
85) 3) dialog: The Skolothians have suffered more than their share in this war. The Legions of the Gods have battered them.
89) 69) dialog: Don't go in there, Perseus. It's a trap.
94) 13) dialog: Tell the story, sir. My men fear only one thing -- to let fear in their hearts. Mongke says something that means, "Go ahead already."
104) 13) dialog: I am with you.
105) 0) text: The Temple group arrives at the steps. Draco speaks to
105) 2) dialog: Are you afraid?
105) 4) dialog: Good boy.
105) 6) dialog: 
107) 0) text: In the subterranean temple, we HEAR Ixion landing above; dust rains into the cavern. SUNLIGHT angles through holes in the roof. Draco, Spyros and Perseus move blindly through the debris. CORPSES everywhere, faces frozen in stone screams. The men can't see it, but one wall suddenly frames a silhouette of MEDUSA: HAIR OF HISSING SNAKES atop a woman's torso, the body of a mammoth reptile. WE SEE only GLIMPSES of Medusa as she slides through the shadows. Her forked tongue tastes the air. CUTTING BETWEEN Spyros, Perseus and Draco, moving silently on opposite sides of the sanctuary. OUR VIEW of Draco is suddenly BLOCKED by Medusa -- she coils around Draco without touching him. He HEARS the RASP of SCALES ON STONE.
107) 1) dialog: I hear her, Perseus. She's near! Her torso behind him, she RATTLES her tail in front. Draco spins and slices the air. The RATTLE stops. Draco waits, confused.