20) 0) text: A CREW of FISHERMEN wait desperately at the rail. SPYROS, the oldest and toughest, watches in agony. Perseus breaks the surface, gasping, his lifeless friend in his arms. Five crewmen dive in to help, but Perseus is mad with despair. They have to pull him away. Spyros watches sadly. But also, relieved to see the one survivor.
21) 0) text: Spyros makes his way to the bow, where Perseus sits alone, downcast, in pain. Spyros watches in silence. Then, gruffly --
21) 1) dialog: Your grieving does Anteros no good. It comforts only you.
21) 3) dialog: He was careless with the net. Perseus gives him a hard look.
21) 5) dialog: 
21) 15) dialog: What you do, no other man can do. Have you not noticed?
21) 17) dialog: 
21) 21) dialog: You are still a man, confined by man's limits. You are just as likely to fail as succeed.
21) 23) dialog: Ordinary men fail most of the time. The trawler rounds a point on the island. Perseus spies a beautiful girl on the cliff. A closer
23) 0) text: Perseus eats with his adoptive family: Spyros, his wife MARMARA, and Tekla. Spyros is patient and twinkly with his wife though he disagrees with her beliefs.
23) 2) dialog: Your mother can explain. She believes everything has an explanation, even if we have to make it up.
23) 14) dialog: If you consider superstition, fear and darkness good things...
23) 18) dialog: Learning, science... love.
23) 23) dialog: -- as lions hunger for blood.
23) 26) dialog: The Gods were desperate to claim our awe again.
23) 28) dialog: Yes, even the Gods. If they could not earn our faith with love, they would demand it with fear. Whatever was necessary to ensure              L their continued existence.
53) 36) dialog: I am far from young and have seen much of the world... and I agree with my son. Everyone turns to the new arrival: Perseus' adoptive father, Spyros. Perseus goes to embrace him.
53) 41) dialog: With whatever is needed... Perseus approaches the King. Surprising himself --
53) 57) dialog: We'll go alone.                                       
53) 58) dialog: 
54) 16) dialog: Who would have thought we'd be on a journey like this? Two simple fishermen.
54) 25) dialog: Living at the mercy of the sea so long has convinced me some adventures are unexpected and some dangers unavoidable. It's all in your attitude.
54) 27) dialog: The Kraken is just another big fish. Perseus smiles, but is not as sanguine.
80) 0) text: Spyros looks inside. A cauldron BUBBLES over a fresh fire. ALKALI LOTUS blossoms bob on the boiling broth. Spyros, uneasy, backs out.
81) 9) dialog: Draco, tell me what this -- Everyone is standing perfectly still. DARK FIGURES surround them. The transformed Cleon Legion lurches INTO VIEW. The only resemblance to the soldiers they were is their armor.. Now they're monstrous creatures: LOTOPHAGI.
85) 4) dialog: It's no wonder they shy away from all strangers. Perseus looks ahead, where the Expedition is parting company with the Djinn Raiders. only one of the Djinn is staying -- SHAIKH SULEIMAN, a veiled priest.
87) 0) text: The Expedition sleeps in a drizzle.               WHISPERS. Shaikh Suleiman moves toward Perseus. The WHISPERING comes from behind his veil. He pulls a GLEAMING BRONZE SICKLE from his cloak. The priest, blade poised, stands over the sleeping Perseus. OUT OF THE DARKNESS runs Spyros, his harpoon raised for a strike.
87) 1) dialog: Stay away from my boy! Without touching him, the Shaikh throws the fisherman over his head, where he lands hard with an "UMPH!" Perseus jolts awake. He reaches for his sword, but has none. Spyros struggles to his feet to start another charge. Suleiman raises his hand and freezes Spyros in his position. The Shaikh's veil has fallen, revealing his frightening countenance: scaled skin of charred wood; eyes like slots in a furnace. Perseus listens to the WHISPERING.
89) 53) dialog: Tell us now! The Strix are torn, frightened. Finally --
94) 12) dialog: Does a fairy tale frighten you, soldier? Thad looks at him, sharply.
101) 0) text: Spyros is at the rail, looking over the ocean of ice. Perseus, troubled, arrives. Spyros looks at him closely.
101) 2) dialog: Nothing.
101) 4) dialog: A look I know well.
101) 6) dialog: Never before.
101) 15) dialog: In my own mirror, son.
101) 17) dialog: If we're lucky... never.
104) 14) dialog: 
107) 0) text: In the subterranean temple, we HEAR Ixion landing above; dust rains into the cavern. SUNLIGHT angles through holes in the roof. Draco, Spyros and Perseus move blindly through the debris. CORPSES everywhere, faces frozen in stone screams. The men can't see it, but one wall suddenly frames a silhouette of MEDUSA: HAIR OF HISSING SNAKES atop a woman's torso, the body of a mammoth reptile. WE SEE only GLIMPSES of Medusa as she slides through the shadows. Her forked tongue tastes the air. CUTTING BETWEEN Spyros, Perseus and Draco, moving silently on opposite sides of the sanctuary. OUR VIEW of Draco is suddenly BLOCKED by Medusa -- she coils around Draco without touching him. He HEARS the RASP of SCALES ON STONE.
107) 11) dialog: Perseus, I think she's hit!
107) 13) dialog: Near to the left! Medusa's enraged attention shifts back and forth between the VOICES of the two men, deciding which to attack. Perseus tries to control his shakes, jumping at every sound, head swiveling blindly. From a distance --
107) 14) dialog: Perseus... I don't hear her near me! Perseus steps back and BUMPS into a column.
108) 0) text: THE AFTERMATH: the survivors -- Vidalia, Amoun, Mongke, and Tamburlane -- take mournful stock of their losses. Mongke sees something, smiles and SWEARS in his language. They all turn to see: Perseus and Spyros, spent and saddened, stand at the top of the Temple steps. Perseus grasps the canvas sack. Now it holds Medusa's head, which bloodies the whole bag and sends a crimson drip to the stones. There is still movement in there -- squirming serpents.
111) 10) dialog: Eleven stadia to the South... What is 'Polis of Jove Pater'? I'm ignorant of this.
112) 0) text: The Expedition passes through deep woods. Spyros and Perseus ride side by side.
112) 2) dialog: Yes, the evidence is everywhere once we leave our island. That's why I so rarely leave. These Gods, what do you make of them?
112) 4) dialog: Yes, as bad as men. (as Perseus smiles) And would you have that sort guide your life?
112) 6) dialog: That's my boy. Amoun rides up.
112) 9) dialog: If we don't rest the horses, they won't make it to Joppa.
112) 20) dialog: 
123) 0) text: The survivors -- Perseus, Vidalia, Spyros, Mongke, and Tamburlane -- crest a hill in the RAINY DAWN LIGHT. Vidalia is almost transparent. The Expedition reacts in shock to what they see.
125) 0) text: Mongke and Tamburlane exchange words. For the first time, they look impressed -- but also delighted. This is what they live for. Spyros looks over at his adopted son.
125) 8) dialog: If it should come to pass, tell your mother and sister I loved them much. Perseus reaches out and touches his foster father warmly.
129) 0) text: Perseus, Spyros, Mongke, and Tamburlane hear the far-off GONG, GONG, GONG. The Mongols speak to Perseus in their language, worried.
129) 1) dialog: The sacrifice has begun.
129) 3) dialog: How? They all look at what separates them from the city --
132) 0) text: Spyros, Mongke and Tamburlane mount their nervous horses. PUSH IN ON Perseus, who does not mount up. From his saddle, he takes the bloody canvas bag with Medusa's head inside and slaps his horse away. Be MURMURS the INCANTATION Vidalia planted in his mind.
132) 5) dialog: No shit. They raise their weapons and spur their horses down the slope to war.
136) 0) text: Tiamat's Monster Army is DEAFENED by the BOOM, losing all spirit with the unmistakable certainty that their Goddess is gone. THE TIDE TURNS IN THE BATTLE as the Joppans and their steel allies, the Automata, wade into the ranks of creatures. Mongke and Tamburlane, in the center of the battle, find the opposition turning tail. They roar and lift their weapons high, surviving yet another fight. Spyros, bloodied but unbowed, smiles wide and sits down in the mud, exhausted.