2) 0) text: The CO is in his early thirties, impeccably-dressed. He's in charge and handles his many responsibilities efficiently -- no detail is too small. In the b.g. are the adjutant and other personnel. (CONTINUED)
15) 0) text: It is brightly, starkly lit with floodlights. There are planes and parts of planes crowded in here with ground crews crawling over them. It is an epic sight, showing the huge scale of the air war and the number of men required to sustain it. In the f.g. is a plane, "Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby?" The pilot's window is shattered, a front tire is flat, a chunk has been taken out of the tail, the ball turret is broken in half and what remains is covered in dried blood. A mechanic is hosing it out. LES ENRIGHT, a stocky man in his mid- thirties, wearing grease-stained coveralls, is helping carry a new ball turret over to the plane. Dennis goes over to him.
15) 2) dialog: Sir, I'm just helping out... (CONTINUED)
15) 8) dialog: Supercharger's fixed.
15) 10) dialog: Number three's fixed. It's all fixed. You don't have to tell me my job, Captain. Watch your feet. A dark red pool is gathering right at Dennis feet. Dennis looks down, sees it and steps away.
15) 11) dialog: The Belle's in mint condition. If you don't believe me, go look at her. She's out on the apron, Sir. Les turns back to work. A moment. Dennis knows he jumped on Les a little too fast, but he also doesn't want to apologize. He turns and goes out the door.
25) 0) text: It is identical to the enlisted men's Nissen hut, but less crowded with six bunks, rather than twelve. The Sergeant shines the light in Dennis's face.
28) 0) text: All that remains of the dance is some beer bottles, playing cards and cigarettes on the ground. The hangar door is open and we can see that it has turned back into a repair shop. A damaged B-17 is being cannibalized for its parts. Val looks around, stumped. Suddenly, a voice cries out.
45) 0) text: The Jeep halts at the plane. The crew gets up and starts for the hatches. The ground crew is doing a final check, crawling all over the plane. Les is supervising. 45 46 47 48 40.
46) 0) text: Hundreds of dials and switches on the instrument panel. More gadgets on the left and right walls. Between the pilot and co-pilot seats is a pedestal with the ignition switches, engine controls and throttles. Below that, another box with switches and wheels controlling the trim tabs, elevators and rudders. Luke sits in the co-pilot seat. He plugs in his intercom and speaks.
66) 0) text: Danny is sitting at his desk, tuning his radio, making notes and eating a candy bar. Rascal and Clay are sit- ting on the floor against the left aft bulkhead. Rascal compulsively shuffles a deck of cards. Clay is whittling again. Jack and Eugene sit against the right aft bulk- head. Jack practices his magic on Eugene, making a coin disappear, then pulling it out of Eugene's nose. Eugene is praying and tries to brush Jack away. But Jack per- sists, pulling a piece of gum out of Eugene's ear.
71) 0) text: Les signals to the ground crew to pull the chocks out from under the front wheels. As two members of the ground crew do it, we see them up CLOSE, then we PULL BACK WITH them and the plane is revealed with all four ENGINES POUNDING, props whirling with tremendous speed and power. The plane begins to move forward.
75) 0) text: The lead plane, Windy City, opens its throttles and hurtles down the runway and soars into the sky, surpris- ingly graceful. Then another plane, Mama's Boys, charges down the runway and takes off. Then a third plane, C CUP, ROARS down the runway and takes off.
77) 0) text: Les and the ground crew watch the plane until it's gone. They feel helpless. Les, exhausted from working twenty- four hours to get to this moment, turns away and picks up his bicycle from the ground. He starts to ride back to the barracks.
82) 0) text: The room is a mess. Les looks around. He closes a locker that was left ajar. He picks up an undershirt lying on the floor, folds it and places it on a bed. Picks up a pair of boots and sets them under another bunk. He starts tucking in the rumpled covers of another bed.
89) 0) text: Clay is kneeling in front of his twin guns, looking down on the formation spread out above and below. Planes for miles. He fastens his oxygen mask tight over his nose and mouth, then checks the gauge to make sure oxygen is flowing.
102) 0) text: Rascal spins the turret as he FIRES. The vibration of the GUNS rattles the turret and goes right through him.
107) 0) text: P-47 Thunderbolts streak across the sky above the formation, like fat hummingbirds. They're careful not to point their noses at or fly directly into the for- mation to avoid being mistaken for enemy aircraft. These one-seat fighters have a single propeller mounted in a round, blunt nose with a white ring around the cowling. They have eight machine gun barrels, four on each wing. They zoom effortlessly through the air at 300 m.p.h. and can perform dazzling acrobatics.
151) 0) text: Preparations are underway for a party. A banner is being hung from the ceiling: "CONGRATULATIONS MEMPHIS BELLE! 25 MISSIONS!" A stage is being set up, tables are being arranged, streamers are being strung. Bruce is arranging it all. The CO comes up to him. co What's the meaning of this? A couple of men are rolling in a piano.
159) 0) text: Clay rattles his GUNS at a fighter up in the sky.
198) 0) text: Flak is still pummeling the outside of the plane. Black smoke is smeared all over the sky. The plane wobbles.
224) 0) text: Mother and Country's tail section tumbles toward the ground with the fighter.
232) 0) text: As soon as he's out of the tail and into the tail wheel area, Luke stops and leans against the fuselage wall. Tears come to his eyes. He tries to hold them back, but can't. He's overcome with remorse for what he has done. He finally realizes the horror of war. He struggles to pull himself together. Then he starts towards the cockpit.
236) 6) text: The only thing we can see is thick, rolling smoke. The crosshairs intersect at perfect right angles.
237) 0) text: Dennis's finger is on the auto pilot switch. His hand trembles.
268) 0) text: Jack's and Eugene's feet go out from under them. They're suddenly weightless. Eugene hangs on to his gun, but Jack loses his grip and is slammed against the ceiling. Shell casings fill the air.
279) 0) text: Les wakes at the sound of a PLANE ROARING overhead. He looks at his watch. It's 4:45. He gets up and starts pulling on his boots.
281) 0) text: Les joins the rest of his ground crew. The Softball Players are counting the planes as they appear.
291) 0) text: The sky is clear of planes. Les is still standing with the ground crew, but other men have given up hope and are walking back to the barracks.
292) 2) dialog: with the ground crew, looking anxiously out at the horizon.
301) 0) text: Les, with the ground crew. In the background, men are coming from all over the base to watch the plane land.
301) 1) dialog: My God, they've only got one wheel down!
309) 0) text: Les watches, muttering under his breath.
309) 1) dialog: Come on, baby, come on...
310) 0) text: The CO grips the railing, with white knuckles.
316) 0) text: Dennis wrestles with the control column. Luke works the flap controls. They're instinctively a team.
318) 0) text: The men on the lawn cheer. They surround Les and the ground crew and congratulate them.
322) 0) text: The CO lets go the railing, relieved. He turns to go back inside. The Adjutant takes a step back, a little afraid of him. But the CO smiles, pats the Adjutant's arm affectionately, then goes inside -- back to work.