4) 6) text: A full-blooded Indian, COMANCHE TOM, crawls up next to th
4) 8) dialog: You pay me to find you Bluecoats. There they are.
4) 14) dialog: You want Jesse?
4) 16) text: Comanche Tom rolls back to the edge of the woods.
4) 17) dialog: FRANK!
10) 0) text: Frank, the Younger brothers, Comanche Tom and the Captain are all still there. Captain Malcolm peers through the wa
17) 11) text: Cole, Bob, and Comanche Tom RIDE UP on their recovered horses. Cole jumps down and picks up Jesse in a bear hug.
17) 13) dialog: You ride like a Comanche.
17) 15) dialog: I said like a Comanche, not this Comanche.
18) 13) text: -- Jesse, Frank, the Youngers and Comanche Tom riding har down country roads, past burned out farms.
19) 0) text: Jesse, Frank, Cole, Bob, and Comanche Tom are looking dow on the frontier town of Liberty, Missouri.
19) 12) dialog: Hmm. Go back to the reservation and get drunk in a dirt shack, or work for you...
19) 14) dialog: I'm thinking...
19) 15) text: Cole throws a playful punch at Comanche Tom.
20) 25) text: The Youngers and Comanche Tom split off, start to trot aw
20) 26) dialog: I think I may just go on to the reservation.
25) 0) text: Jesse and Frank enter, surprised to find Cole, Bob, Comanche Tom, and a gawky 15 year old JIM YOUNGER all eat at their kitchen table.
25) 6) text: The men dutifully return to the meal. Jesse nods his head at Comanche Tom.
28) 41) text: Doc Mimms nods, EXITS. Jesse walks to the other end of the school house. Bob, Frank, Clell and Loni fall in behind him. The door SWINGS OPEN again and Comanche Tom enters with Jim Younger sport six-guns way too big for him.
28) 42) dialog: I couldn't lose him.
36) 0) text: The soldiers have totally broken ranks. One riderless hor led by Comanche Tom pulls up by the scaffold. Jesse LEAPS and Cole jumps on behind him. Jesse puts the spurs to it the horse SURGES into a gap in the crowd. Allen Pinkerton steps past the panicking troops, squarely in the path of the charging horse. He draws his gun and FIRES. The bullet PLOWS into Jesse just as the terrified horse lurches forward, TRAMPLING Pinkerton. Cole holds Jesse up and the riders take off down the street. We see Frank has disappeared from the water tower The soldiers fire at the fleeing liberators. One of the detectives runs over to the injured Alan Pinkerton.
51) 0) text: Frank James, Bob and Jim Younger, Clell Miller, Loni Packwood, Comanche Tom and several new GANG MEMBERS wait along both sides of the street in this medium sized mid-western town. Some are standing next to their horses, some mounted.
55) 0) text: Comanche Tom walks over to where the old man is still SMACKING Jim and Bob.
55) 2) dialog: You're right, sir.
55) 4) dialog: On account of we're robbing it.
55) 6) dialog: It's a secret.
55) 8) dialog: I'd appreciate that.
55) 9) text: The old man settles against the wall. Comanche Tom moves back to his horse. Bob and Jim walk off, glaring at the o man.
59) 18) dialog: This happens all the time when you let the white man count the money.
67) 0) text: Comanche Tom and Jim Younger climb on top of the wagon, kick over some barrels. They're empty, without even a top bottom.
72) 0) text: Comanche Tom RIDES UP to the building marked Marshall's Office. A MARSHALL and a dozen PINKERTON DETECTIVES are sitting around the porch. Tom leaps off his horse.
72) 1) dialog: You 'um big lawman?
72) 3) dialog: Great Chief of St. Louis send me.
72) 6) dialog: Ho-yah. Him say tell Big Lawman in Carville that badman Jesse James riding toward Rising Sun, above Great River, near Eagle Rock.
72) 8) dialog: Ho-yah!
72) 11) text: The posse quickly mounts up. The Marshall tosses Comanche Tom a coin.
72) 13) dialog: Me get heap firewater --
72) 15) dialog: -- you cretins.
72) 16) text: Comanche Tom flips the coin over his shoulder. From aroun the corner THUNDERS the James Gang. They ride up to the building marked "Bank" right next to the Marshall's offic The Gang dismounts, runs in. An improbably short time later, the Gang members run back out with full saddlebags and mount up. Comanche Tom RIDES OFF with them.
72) 18) dialog: I feel dirty.
80) 31) dialog: Let them fight it out. The poison needs to leave the wound, to heal.
80) 34) dialog: Sometimes a wound will kill.
81) 0) text: The James Gang rides up to the bank. A WATER TOWER can be seen behind the building opposite the bank. Jesse, Cole and Frank dismount and move swiftly to the ba doors. Comanche Tom, Jim Younger, Clell Miller and Loni Packwood dismount and take defensive positions. The few other Gang members stay on their horses, looking sharp.
84) 1) dialog: Head for the end of the street!
98) 3) text: the Gang galloping past the shattered wagon barricade, heading for the edge of town. Pinkerton riflemen run out of the bank and from behind th other barricade. One SHARPSHOOTER with a rifle drops to o knee, lines up... HIS POV shows Jesse in his sights. He tightens on the trigger, and just as he pulls -- -- Jim Younger rides into the line of fire! With a CRACK the bullet hits Jim square in the back. He slumps forward his horse. Comanche Tom leaps from his horse onto Jim's a urges it on.
99) 15) text: Jim dies. Cole cradles the body, begins rocking. Comanche Tom puts a hand on Bob's shoulder as Bob slumps against a rock. Jesse stands, walks away heavily.
105) 0) text: Various townsfolk are lined up at the TELLER'S window. Cole, Bob, Comanche Tom, Clell and some NEW GANG MEMBERS BURST IN.
105) 14) text: Bob and Comanche Tom exchange looks behind a fuming Cole.
110) 12) text: Cole hesitates. Bob thumbs back the hammer. Comanche Tom' hand closes over Bob's gun.
110) 13) dialog: Bob. You know Cole would never do such a thing. He and Jesse are best friends. They are cousins, blood brothers.
110) 17) text: Bob walks off. Comanche Tom speaks, but keeps his eyes on Bob.
110) 18) dialog: My people know that when a brother kills a brother, a great curse comes down on that man, and when he dies he walks the desert as a dark spirit. I like Bob too much to let that happen. (looking at Cole) If I find out you turned in Jesse, I'll kill you myself.
110) 19) text: Comanche Tom moves off. Cole's thoughts are his own.
132) 0) text: Frank and Cole riding toward them. From the woods ride Comanche Tom and Bob Younger, folding into perfect formation. The four THUNDER toward the train.
138) 23) text: The Youngers smile sadly, but NOD. As the Younger brother SADDLE UP, Comanche Tom leans down from the saddle and shakes Jesse's hand.
138) 24) dialog: You stay out of trouble, Jesse. Nobody has as much luck as you used up today.