27) 29) text: A BUGGY that stops at the edge of the property. Ma STEPS OUT onto the porch next to Frank to meet: A man in a suit, ROLLIN PARKER, and three riders who dismount and flank Parker: two DETECTIVES and a big Scot with a beard and no moustache, ALAN PINKERTON. Pinkerton wearing a suit and a gun in a high waistband. All four advance to the house.
27) 60) text: CLICK CLICK and we see Jesse's drawn and cocked two Colts from out of thin air. Frank has pulled his rifle from the doorway. Parker and the detectives are furious, but Pinkerton seems no more than curious.
27) 68) text: Parker, and the detectives are stepping backward to the buggy.
27) 72) text: Parker, Pinkerton and the detectives RIDE OFF. The group the James house watches them go, then Cole turns to Jesse
31) 1) text: of the gallows, detectives and soldiers down the street o both sides, guns ready. The position is completely unassailable. Cole is at the platform. His hands are tied front of him. The noose is placed on his neck.
34) 0) text: SMASH! From the nearby GENERAL STORE, the other masked rescuers CRASH through the big front window on horseback ride into the Army men, FIRING AWAY. TOTAL CHAOS! The Army men and Pinkertons fight towards th gallows. As Jesse untangles himself from the Hangman, the Union Lieutenant reaches for the lever but BANG drops as Frank opens fire. Frank starts picking off soldiers. The detectives and remaining soldiers are completely disoriented.
36) 0) text: The soldiers have totally broken ranks. One riderless hor led by Comanche Tom pulls up by the scaffold. Jesse LEAPS and Cole jumps on behind him. Jesse puts the spurs to it the horse SURGES into a gap in the crowd. Allen Pinkerton steps past the panicking troops, squarely in the path of the charging horse. He draws his gun and FIRES. The bullet PLOWS into Jesse just as the terrified horse lurches forward, TRAMPLING Pinkerton. Cole holds Jesse up and the riders take off down the street. We see Frank has disappeared from the water tower The soldiers fire at the fleeing liberators. One of the detectives runs over to the injured Alan Pinkerton.
36) 1) dialog: Sir, are you all right? (shout) Somebody get a doctor!
41) 0) text: A lavishly appointed carriage rolls up to the front of th nicest hotel in town. Rollin Parker and his retinue of Pinkerton detectives scurry to the door. The DOOR OPENS. Out steps THADDEUS RAINS, wearing an elegant suit he bought in London last year and a scowl he picked up in Boston three decades ago. The scowl fits him better.
72) 0) text: Comanche Tom RIDES UP to the building marked Marshall's Office. A MARSHALL and a dozen PINKERTON DETECTIVES are sitting around the porch. Tom leaps off his horse.
93) 0) text: As the two Pinkerton detectives at the wagon barricade tu in shock as Jesse James LEAPS FROM THE SECOND FLOOR of a building he can't possibly be in, lands on the wagon, rol off and DASHES INTO a blacksmith shop across the street. They suddenly notice a HISS. They stand, look in the wago Jesse left a burning stick of dynamite in the wagon.
108) 1) text: the beach, where fifty Pinkerton detectives with rifles a lined up like a firing squad.
109) 0) text: A familiar figure walking along the sand. When the figure reaches the center of the line of detectives, he turns to the couple and --
113) 16) text: Rains involuntarily looks behind Jesse. Jesse cranes his head and spots a CLUB CAR at the front of the train, seve cars away from his prison car. The other cars are packed with Pinkerton detectives.
114) 0) text: The guards turn Jesse over to a BURLY DETECTIVE. Pinkerto enters just behind him. There are ten detectives in total the car.
114) 2) text: The Burly Detective brings Jesse's arms above his head. H loops Jesse's chain over a rail that runs the length of t car. Two other detectives walk Jesse down the car, Jesse' hands suspended over his head. Jesse can just barely sit down.
114) 8) text: Grumbling, the detectives deposit their pistols in a box near the front of the car. Pinkerton walks out. The Burly Detective slides a Colt into his waistband.
115) 0) text: The prison train highballs through the wooded, rolling hills. We see the engine, the coal car, a detective car, then the private salon car, two more cars of guards, and then the prison car.
116) 2) text: The Burly Detective looks up.
116) 5) text: The detectives close on Jesse. Jesse stands as the Burly Detective moves right up on him.
116) 10) text: The other detectives try to hide grins.
116) 13) text: Burly Detectives BACKHANDS Jesse. Jesse spits blood and grins.
116) 15) text: Burly draws, points the gun right at Jesse's face. The other detectives GASP. Jesse stares down the barrel, then raises his eyes and speaks in a voice that is low and terrifying.
116) 17) text: SLAM as Jesse KICKS Burly in the crotch! The gun FIRES, missing Jesse's head only because he jerks it like a mongoose. Jesse BACKHANDS the detective with the heavy chain! The g drops right into Jesse's hands -- The guards are running for the gun box -- Jesse flips the chain TIGHT, TUCKS UP and KICKS OFF from the back wall and SLIDES THE LENGTH OF THE RAIL over the detectives' heads! As he reaches the end he FIRES the gun blowing open the gun box. Jesse then SHOOTS the rail's ceiling strut, and then KICKS at the roof. The rail WRENCHES FREE, dropping Jesse to the floor. In a blur he's up, reaching into the gun box. He tosses one gu INTO THE AIR, then FANS THE HAMMER of another. Half the guards drop, but the other half are right on top of him and nobody's that fast -- Jesse drops the spent gun, CATCHES the other gun in the opposite hand and FANS THAT HAMMER all in a single breath As the smoke clears, the last of the detectives falls wit a THUD.
121) 1) text: one Detective, barely alive, stumbling through the door, opening the door to the next
122) 0) text: The detectives inside start as the wounded man falls into the doorway.
127) 0) text: Jesse JUMPS onto the club car, but pulls up short as detectives appear ahead of him. He turns to see other detectives climbing up behind him. He's trapped.
129) 0) text: The momentum carries everyone off their feet! Some detectives are torn from the train. Jesse slides across t roof of the Club Car --
131) 0) text: Jesse, Pinkerton, and the detectives look down the track and see...