3) 0) text: At the top of which, about a hundred fifty yards off, is three man Gatling crew. Squads of Union soldiers are beginning to make their way down the hillside. And just t their right is an EIGHT INCH CANNON with a burning fuse -
4) 6) text: A full-blooded Indian, COMANCHE TOM, crawls up next to th
4) 16) text: Comanche Tom rolls back to the edge of the woods.
7) 0) text: As the Captain of the six man crew SNAPS BACK and hits th ground dead. Before the others can react, two more grab their throats and drop. The remaining soldiers bolt from cannon. But the Gatling crew swings the gun around and the barrel BLAZE.
10) 0) text: Frank, the Younger brothers, Comanche Tom and the Captain are all still there. Captain Malcolm peers through the wa
13) 0) text: -- BANG as the Gatling triggerman drops, BANG as the ammo-feeder goes down, and BANG as the third man falls before the echo of the first shot clears.
15) 4) text: Jesse as another nearby soldier draws a revolver. Jesse snags his hand, twists it, wrapping the man's arm backwar around Jesse's waist. With the other man still gripping t weapon, Jesse FANS THE HAMMER as he turns, shooting six m Union soldiers as they try to rush him. With a final yank Jesse pulls the Colt from the man and crashes it down on skull.
17) 11) text: Cole, Bob, and Comanche Tom RIDE UP on their recovered horses. Cole jumps down and picks up Jesse in a bear hug.
18) 13) text: -- Jesse, Frank, the Youngers and Comanche Tom riding har down country roads, past burned out farms.
19) 0) text: Jesse, Frank, Cole, Bob, and Comanche Tom are looking dow on the frontier town of Liberty, Missouri.
19) 15) text: Cole throws a playful punch at Comanche Tom.
20) 25) text: The Youngers and Comanche Tom split off, start to trot aw
21) 17) text: DOC MIMMS, a grey-haired man wearing rimless spectacles, steps out of the doorway.
24) 0) text: Jesse and Frank ride up. Out of the farmhouse bursts MA JAMES, a big, rugged frontier woman who is absolutely hysterical.
25) 0) text: Jesse and Frank enter, surprised to find Cole, Bob, Comanche Tom, and a gawky 15 year old JIM YOUNGER all eat at their kitchen table.
25) 6) text: The men dutifully return to the meal. Jesse nods his head at Comanche Tom.
27) 29) text: A BUGGY that stops at the edge of the property. Ma STEPS OUT onto the porch next to Frank to meet: A man in a suit, ROLLIN PARKER, and three riders who dismount and flank Parker: two DETECTIVES and a big Scot with a beard and no moustache, ALAN PINKERTON. Pinkerton wearing a suit and a gun in a high waistband. All four advance to the house.
28) 8) text: LONI PACKWOOD, a sad, scruffy man stands up.
28) 41) text: Doc Mimms nods, EXITS. Jesse walks to the other end of the school house. Bob, Frank, Clell and Loni fall in behind him. The door SWINGS OPEN again and Comanche Tom enters with Jim Younger sport six-guns way too big for him.
31) 0) text: Cole, his face swollen from a beating, is marched up the stairs of the gallows toward the waiting hangman.
34) 0) text: SMASH! From the nearby GENERAL STORE, the other masked rescuers CRASH through the big front window on horseback ride into the Army men, FIRING AWAY. TOTAL CHAOS! The Army men and Pinkertons fight towards th gallows. As Jesse untangles himself from the Hangman, the Union Lieutenant reaches for the lever but BANG drops as Frank opens fire. Frank starts picking off soldiers. The detectives and remaining soldiers are completely disoriented.
36) 0) text: The soldiers have totally broken ranks. One riderless hor led by Comanche Tom pulls up by the scaffold. Jesse LEAPS and Cole jumps on behind him. Jesse puts the spurs to it the horse SURGES into a gap in the crowd. Allen Pinkerton steps past the panicking troops, squarely in the path of the charging horse. He draws his gun and FIRES. The bullet PLOWS into Jesse just as the terrified horse lurches forward, TRAMPLING Pinkerton. Cole holds Jesse up and the riders take off down the street. We see Frank has disappeared from the water tower The soldiers fire at the fleeing liberators. One of the detectives runs over to the injured Alan Pinkerton.
50) 2) text: The BANK MANAGER steps out from behind his desk.
51) 0) text: Frank James, Bob and Jim Younger, Clell Miller, Loni Packwood, Comanche Tom and several new GANG MEMBERS wait along both sides of the street in this medium sized mid-western town. Some are standing next to their horses, some mounted.
51) 1) text: An OLD MAN with a cane is walking shakily towards the ban Frank jerks his head and Jim intercepts him.
51) 5) text: Jim tries to steer the old man away. The old man starts batting at him with the cane.
52) 0) text: Jesse and the Bank Manager are having a staredown.
53) 0) text: The old man is still smacking Jim with the cane. Bob crosses to help.
53) 2) text: SMACK SMACK and now the old man's laying the cane on both Bob and Jim.
54) 0) text: Cole turns to the Woman and Child.
54) 4) text: The woman covers the child's eyes. Cole raises the shotgu Jesse half covers his eyes and turns his head. The Manage swallows.
55) 0) text: Comanche Tom walks over to where the old man is still SMACKING Jim and Bob.
55) 9) text: The old man settles against the wall. Comanche Tom moves back to his horse. Bob and Jim walk off, glaring at the o man.
64) 0) text: The ENGINEER nudges the fireman.
64) 4) text: The engineer and the fireman look up. Ahead of them on th track is an overloaded wagon with barrels marked "TNT". The engineer slams on the brakes. The high pitched scream of steel on steel sounds out over the avalanche of sparks flying from the wheels.
66) 2) text: He looks at the wagon. The engineer and fireman follow hi gaze.
67) 0) text: Comanche Tom and Jim Younger climb on top of the wagon, kick over some barrels. They're empty, without even a top bottom.
68) 0) text: Jesse grins as the engineer and fireman hang their heads.
72) 0) text: Comanche Tom RIDES UP to the building marked Marshall's Office. A MARSHALL and a dozen PINKERTON DETECTIVES are sitting around the porch. Tom leaps off his horse.
72) 11) text: The posse quickly mounts up. The Marshall tosses Comanche Tom a coin.
72) 16) text: Comanche Tom flips the coin over his shoulder. From aroun the corner THUNDERS the James Gang. They ride up to the building marked "Bank" right next to the Marshall's offic The Gang dismounts, runs in. An improbably short time later, the Gang members run back out with full saddlebags and mount up. Comanche Tom RIDES OFF with them.
73) 4) text: Pinkerton suddenly CLOSES on Rains and Parker. Rains doesn't back down, but we are acutely aware of the fact t Alan Pinkerton is a big, violent Scotsman. He never raise his voice here, but then again -- he doesn't have to.
76) 0) text: Jim stumbles back in. A pretty young woman, LYLA, approaches him.
81) 0) text: The James Gang rides up to the bank. A WATER TOWER can be seen behind the building opposite the bank. Jesse, Cole and Frank dismount and move swiftly to the ba doors. Comanche Tom, Jim Younger, Clell Miller and Loni Packwood dismount and take defensive positions. The few other Gang members stay on their horses, looking sharp.
83) 2) text: JESSE'S POV in a mirror by the door reveals all twelve of the men in the bank drawing guns, shotguns, one rifle -- Jesse shoves Cole and Frank down. He KICKS a stool at the man with the rifle, dives right and ROLLS across a big oa desk. The men begin to FIRE. As BULLETS PING around him, Jesse FIRES from between his legs as he rolls across the desk. The assassins start to drop. Jesse completes his roll at a railing separating the manager's area from the bank floor. In one smooth move he up and RUNNING ALONG THE RAILING, defying gravity, drawin his shoulder Colts and shooting... The gunmen are crossing into each other's line of fire, Jesse's movement confusing them. Jesse's killed another five, only four left, but he's out of railing and -- CRASH! Through a teller's cage, disappearing behind the counter. The gunmen turn and BLAST the wooden counter, so screaming in panic.  CLICKS are heard as hammers fall on empty magazines. The gunmen stare at where Jesse disappeared, panting heavily. CLICK. They forgot about Cole and Frank.
84) 3) text: At both ends of the street, WAGONS ROLL into position, ea manned by two armed Pinkertons. The Gang is trapped.
98) 3) text: the Gang galloping past the shattered wagon barricade, heading for the edge of town. Pinkerton riflemen run out of the bank and from behind th other barricade. One SHARPSHOOTER with a rifle drops to o knee, lines up... HIS POV shows Jesse in his sights. He tightens on the trigger, and just as he pulls -- -- Jim Younger rides into the line of fire! With a CRACK the bullet hits Jim square in the back. He slumps forward his horse. Comanche Tom leaps from his horse onto Jim's a urges it on.
99) 15) text: Jim dies. Cole cradles the body, begins rocking. Comanche Tom puts a hand on Bob's shoulder as Bob slumps against a rock. Jesse stands, walks away heavily.
105) 0) text: Various townsfolk are lined up at the TELLER'S window. Cole, Bob, Comanche Tom, Clell and some NEW GANG MEMBERS BURST IN.
105) 8) text: A MAN speaks out timidly.
105) 9) dialog: But the Youngers ride with Jesse James.
105) 14) text: Bob and Comanche Tom exchange looks behind a fuming Cole.
110) 12) text: Cole hesitates. Bob thumbs back the hammer. Comanche Tom' hand closes over Bob's gun.
110) 17) text: Bob walks off. Comanche Tom speaks, but keeps his eyes on Bob.
110) 19) text: Comanche Tom moves off. Cole's thoughts are his own.
122) 0) text: The detectives inside start as the wounded man falls into the doorway.
132) 0) text: Frank and Cole riding toward them. From the woods ride Comanche Tom and Bob Younger, folding into perfect formation. The four THUNDER toward the train.
138) 23) text: The Youngers smile sadly, but NOD. As the Younger brother SADDLE UP, Comanche Tom leans down from the saddle and shakes Jesse's hand.
139) 0) text: ...we COMPLETE THE CIRCLE and see young Frank James is no an older FRANK JAMES. Still lean, a few wrinkles, a littl grey in the hair, dressed in expensive turn-of-the-centur western clothes. A young man who looks remarkably like Jesse, JIMMY JAMES, 16 years old, is waiting patiently. T two are looking down on the town of Liberty, Missouri, wh is now swollen five sizes larger. The Wild West is disappearing under roads and telegraph wire.