50) 0) text: There are two teller windows, a couple of male customers and a MOTHER and CHILD. Jesse and Cole ENTER dressed for the trail, longrider coa and spurs. Saddlebags are slung over their shoulders.
69) 0) text: Jesse and Frank walk into a large bank dressed in suits. Just inside the door, Frank notices something odd and nudges Jesse. It's a "Wanted" poster. "Frank and Jesse James. $5,000 reward." They look back and forth at the artist's sketches and eac other. They shake their heads "no." Jesse walks over to the teller's window. He hands a bill the TELLER.
69) 2) dialog: (studying it) Sir, this bill is counterfeit!
74) 6) text: Jesse and Cole turn to the HEAD TELLER.
74) 30) text: The Head Teller starts filling a saddlebag with money. Bo glares at a few people, then nods at Jesse. Jesse winks b
82) 2) text: The dozen or so farmers and tellers raise their hands.
83) 2) text: JESSE'S POV in a mirror by the door reveals all twelve of the men in the bank drawing guns, shotguns, one rifle -- Jesse shoves Cole and Frank down. He KICKS a stool at the man with the rifle, dives right and ROLLS across a big oa desk. The men begin to FIRE. As BULLETS PING around him, Jesse FIRES from between his legs as he rolls across the desk. The assassins start to drop. Jesse completes his roll at a railing separating the manager's area from the bank floor. In one smooth move he up and RUNNING ALONG THE RAILING, defying gravity, drawin his shoulder Colts and shooting... The gunmen are crossing into each other's line of fire, Jesse's movement confusing them. Jesse's killed another five, only four left, but he's out of railing and -- CRASH! Through a teller's cage, disappearing behind the counter. The gunmen turn and BLAST the wooden counter, so screaming in panic.  CLICKS are heard as hammers fall on empty magazines. The gunmen stare at where Jesse disappeared, panting heavily. CLICK. They forgot about Cole and Frank.
105) 0) text: Various townsfolk are lined up at the TELLER'S window. Cole, Bob, Comanche Tom, Clell and some NEW GANG MEMBERS BURST IN.
105) 2) text: Everybody's hands reach for the ceiling. Cole gestures to the Teller.
105) 4) dialog: Of course! (pause) Uh, sir?
105) 6) dialog: Where is Jesse James?
105) 13) dialog: All right, all right. (muttering) Jesse James never yelled at folk...