20) 0) text: On a platform, Szpilman plays at a piano, but he can hard be heard above the noise of chatter and laughter.  The large cafe is crowded, hot and smoke-filled. Well-hee customers, pimps, whores, businessmen sit at little table eating, talking, laughing, almost drowning the piano musi Some dance. A couple of tables back from the piano, a customer is doi business with a friend. The customer has a small stack of coins, some of them twenty-dollar gold pieces. He folds  back the tablecloth to reveal a marble surface beneath. H drops a coin on the marble and listens but the noise is  too loud. He sees the cafe owner, BENEK, fiftyish, and  makes gestures, pointing at Szpilman. Benek pushes his wa through to Szpilman.
20) 1) dialog: (whispering into  Szpilman's ear) I'm sorry, Mr Wladek, he wants you  to stop.
20) 3) text: Benek points to the customer, who makes an imploring gest to Szpilman. Szpilman stops playing.  The friend watches the customer intently as he drops the  coins one by one onto the marble. He drops them, puts his ear close and listens.  Two or three he discards, but he  smiles when coins make a pure tone, and he keeps them.  Szpilman exchanges looks with a pretty whore, who makes  eyes at him.  Satisfied, the customer beams, nods his thanks to Szpilma who resumes his piano playing.
34) 0) text: Henryk, finishing a bowl of soup and a piece of bread,  sits at a worktop with Szpilman and Benek. The kitchen is small and busy with cooks, waiters, washers-up.
34) 5) dialog: So the rumours were true...
53) 0) text: A shambles. Szpilman wanders through the upturned tables, broken chairs. Stops, looks about. Nothing. Distant shots, automatic fire. He turns and makes for the door. Then he hears an urgent  hiss. He turns sharply and tries to find the source of it He hears the hiss again. Now he sees, hiding under the platform, Benek, beckoning  to him. Szpilman hurries over and crawls on his back unti he's beside him. Benek replaces a plank and they are hidd from view.
54) 1) dialog: (looking at him,  mystified) Why are you here, Mr. Wladek?
54) 3) text: He can't continue. Benek nods.
54) 4) dialog: Perhaps they're lucky. The quicker  the better. (Brief pause.) It isn't over yet. We'll stay here  for a couple of days. Until things  die down. (Another pause) I've bribed a policeman. He'll  come when it's over.
55) 0) text: In bright sun, Szpilman and Benek march in a column, four abreast, under the command of two Jewish foremen, guarded by two German policemen. They are being marched out of th ghetto gates.
56) 2) text: Later: Szpilman, on top of a free-standing scaffold, Benek and  the others demolishing a ghetto wall, wielding skdgehamme They work slowly.  A smartly dressed young couple are passing, but stop.  They stare. The young woman is extremely attractive and  knows it. The foremen, workers and the German policemen  ogle her.
56) 7) text: Embarrassed, she giggles and they go. Szpilman, Benek and the others continue to work. The foremen sit, sunning themselves, and the German  policemen stand, deep in conversation, ignoring the worke Szpilman suddenly stops work. He has seen something in th square that alerts him. At the furthest stall, he sees a woman, attractive, chic, in her thirties, buying vegetables at a stall.  Her name  is JANINA GODLEWSKA. Surreptitiously, Szpilman raises a hand, trying to catch  her attention. But he's frightened of alerting the German policemen and the foremen. Benek has noticed.
56) 8) dialog: Someone you know?
56) 11) dialog: A beauty. Who is she?
56) 13) dialog: (playful) Don't forget, Mr. Wladek, they  hang them for helping Jews.
57) 0) text: As before, Szpilman and Benek march towards the ghetto  gates in the demolition column, four abreast, under the  command of the Jewish foremen and guarded by the two Germ policemen. Suddenly:
57) 2) text: The column halts before a young SS man, wild-eyed, with  his sleeves rolled up and wielding a pistol. He talks  excitedly to the policemen then turns, walks along the  column dividing them up: some men to the right, others,  seven of them, to the left. Benek he orders to the left,  Szpilman to the right.  Young SS man turns to those on the left.
57) 4) text: Terrified, they obey. He stands over them and, one by one shoots them. When he comes to Benek, the seventh man, his pistol runs out of ammunition. He changes the clip, shoot Benek and marches off.