4) 0) text: The Szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of roo packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a  trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois  apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings an boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlestick The family consist of MOTHER, in a state of great anxiety FATHER, REGINA, twenty-six, HALINA, twenty-two, and HENRY twenty-four, the only one not in movement. He sits by the radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a statio No bombs now, just the distant sound of artillery fire.  Father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to  Mother.
4) 1) dialog: What you think, should I take Uncle  Szymon's photograph?
4) 3) dialog: He'll come home, he'll be all right.
4) 14) text: Father appears in the doorway, beaming, clutching a violi case.
4) 15) dialog: What did I tell you?
4) 31) dialog: The government's moved to Lublin.
4) 33) dialog: There's hardly anybody left in  this building, only women, the men  have gone.
5) 0) text: Father pours liqueur into glasses. The family are seated around the dining table, having jus finished a meal. The table groans with the remains of the dinner. Szpilman has a plaster over his cut.
5) 5) dialog: Here's to Great Britain and France.
5) 7) dialog: I told you. Didn't I tell you? All  will be well.
6) 0) text: A column of German Soldiers, led by an officer on horseba march into view.  On the sidewalk of the street, with its buildings in ruin smoke still rising, stand onlookers, including Szpilman  and Henryk, and a little behind them, Father, craning to  see. They watch, expressionless, as the Germans march pas
7) 0) text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the  frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and  replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,  polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Fath sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father' violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silv has gone.
7) 1) dialog: (finishing the  counting) Five thousand and three.
7) 3) dialog: Yes, five thousand and three zlotys,  that's all we've got left.
7) 9) dialog: No, no, no. I'll tell you what  we'll do. We'll use tried and tested  methods. You know what we did in  the last war? We made a hole in  the table leg and we hid the money  in there.
7) 14) dialog: Idiot! What would they want with a  table?
7) 26) dialog: (overlapping) My violin?
7) 32) dialog: Will I still be able to play?
10) 0) text: The family are gathered around the table, listening to  Father reading from the newspaper. The apartment has even less furniture now. The paintings  are gone.
10) 1) dialog: (reading) 'Re: emblems for Jews in the Warsaw  District. I hereby order that all  Jews in the Warsaw District will  wear visible emblems when out of  doors. This decree will come into  force on the 1st December 1939 and  applies to all Jews over twelve  years of age. The emblem will  be worn on the right sleeve and  will represent a blue Star of David  on a white background. The  background must be sufficiently  large for the Star to measure eight  centimetres from point to point.  The width of the arms of the Star (reading) must be one centimetre. Jews who  do not respect this decree will be  severely punished. Governor of  Warsaw District, Dr. Fischer.'
10) 6) dialog: Doesn't it say we have to provide  these armbands ourselves? Where  will we get them?
11) 0) text: Father, wearing the Star of David armband, walks slowly  along, carrying a string bag containing potatoes and  carrots, his eyes fixed on the pavement as if his thought are a million miles away. He passes two GERMAN OFFICERS. They stop.
11) 2) text: Father stops, turns fearfully and approaches the Germans.
11) 4) dialog: (removing his hat) I'm sorry I...
11) 5) text: I German Officer cracks him hard across the face, catchin his ear. Father reels, collects himself as best he can an starts to shuffle on -
11) 7) text: Father steps off the pavement and walks in the gutter. Th German turn and go. Father walks on.
14) 0) text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycle on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with  belongings. A great moving mass of humanity. They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.  On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their  belongings.  All wear armbands.  Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.  Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,  smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to  tears.
15) 0) text: Two rooms on the third floor: a living room and a kitchen The Szpilmans are unpacking their belongings in silence.  Father pauses for a moment to take stock.
15) 1) dialog: To tell you the truth, I thought  it would be worse.
19) 2) text: Seated at the table with Mother and Father is a uniformed young man, YITZCHAK HELLER, unusual appearance, a man wit red hair and a Hitler moustache.  Heller remains seated, just nods at the brothers.
19) 7) dialog: He brought cakes.
19) 9) dialog: His father's back in the jewellery  business and doing well, isn't  that so, Yitzchak? Amazing.   Jewellery.
25) 15) dialog: I blame the Americans.
25) 18) dialog: American Jews, and there's lots of  them, what have they done for us?  What do they think they're doing?  People here are dying, haven't got  a bite to eat. The Jewish bankers  over there should be persuading  America to declare war on Germany!
36) 0) text: The name 'Samuel Szpilman' being written on a certificate The clatter of sewing machines. SCHULTZ, a fat, sweaty German is filling out the form at  his desk. Majorek beside him, standing, chatting to him  and having a quiet laugh. In the doorway, Szpilman and  Father. The small office is on an upper level with a window looki down on the factory floor where Jewish men and women are  hard at work on sewing machines making the terrible clatt Schultz stamps the certificate, hands it to Majorek, who  gives it to Father.
36) 1) dialog: (doffing his hat) Thank you.
37) 0) text: A great mass of agitated people crossing only one way:  from the small ghetto to the large ghetto, carrying their belongings. A German film crew records the scene. The  Szpilmans among the crowd, lugging suitcases and bundles, Henryk with a few books, Father carrying his violin case. They struggle across the bridge.
38) 0) text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a  huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard. Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among  them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen  supervise. Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort ou carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother, clothing. The sounds of trains not far off.   They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
40) 0) text: semi-darkness. A large room with an improvised partition  of blankets to separate the men from the women. Three-tie bunks. On the men's side, Father is on the upper bunk, Henryk on the lower. Szpilman, stripping down to his underwear, is  preparing to climb into the middle bunk.
40) 1) dialog: At least we've got work in the  ghetto. At least we're still  together.
43) 0) text: Hot, fine summer's day. Jews, among them Szpilman, Mother Regina and father, clutching their meagre belongings, wal towards wooden gates and come to a halt. Jewish policemen approach and order the people about, pushing and shoving  them into line.
44) 0) text: Szpilman, Mother, Regina and Father, with others, enter  through one of the gates, which closes on them. They paus for a moment to take in their new surroundings.  The Szpilmans and their POV:  Their first sight of the large rectangle, walled on two  sides and overlooked by buildings. Several hundred people People walk up and down.
44) 13) dialog: I can hear you.
44) 16) dialog: Dr. Ehrlich, not so loud!
44) 21) dialog: Dr. Ehrlich, what do you want me  to do? You want me to fight?
44) 23) dialog: He's right. What d'you think I can  do? Fight them with my violin bow?
44) 26) text: A loud cry from Mother. Szpilman and Father spin round.
44) 33) text: Mother comforts her. And so does Regina. Father smiles  sadly.
44) 51) text: Father calls to the Sweet Boy and beckons him over.
44) 52) dialog: How much for a caramel?
44) 54) dialog: What? For one caramel? What d'you  think you're going to do with the  money?
44) 56) dialog: (turning to the  family) Have we got twenty between us?
44) 57) text: They search their pockets and handbags, hand over to Fath what change they can find. He, in turn, hands the money t the Sweet Boy, who hands over one caramel and goes on his way. Father holds the caramel between thumb and forefinger and examines it carefully. Then, carefully takes out his  penknife and with great care divides the caramel into six pans. He hands a part to each of the family. They all exchange a look, an acknowledgement of each othe almost like a toast, and then they chew, slowly,  deliberately. The whistle of a locomotive. Sound of trucks rattling ove the rails. At once, a sound of great agitation from the Jews in the  compound.
46) 9) text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest  of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.  A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish  policeman shoves him. Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him  the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs. He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering  into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.
46) 11) text: Father sees him, takes a step towards him, but stops,  smiling helplessly. He raises his hand and waves, then  turns and goes towards the trucks. Again, Szpilman flings himself at the policemen's shoulde