78) 0) text: GEBCZNYSKI shakes hands with Szpilman, ushers him in and  then pulls down the shutter. Gebczynski's store is for sanitary furnishings and suppli lavatories, basins, baths, taps etc.
78) 1) dialog: I'll show you where you're going  to sleep.
78) 5) dialog: It's not going to be very  comfortable.
78) 7) dialog: You'll have to stay here until  tomorrow afternoon.
78) 9) dialog: We've got a flat for you. Near the  ghetto wall. But it's safe.
80) 0) text: Szpilman and Gebczynski wait with others at the stop as  the tram trundles towards them and comes to a halt. As they board:
80) 1) dialog: (quietly, to Szpilman) Go as near to the front as possible,  to the German section.
81) 0) text: Gebczynski and Szpilman apprehensive, push through the  rear section, packed with Poles, seated and standing, unt they reach a chain and a sign:
82) 0) text: Gebczynski and Szpilman come up the stairs to the landing and to a door. Gebczynski unlocks the door and they go in
83) 0) text: A charmingly furnished bed-sitting room with a comfortabl divan. Gebczynski leads the way in. Szpilman glances arou goes to the window, looks out.
83) 1) text: He can see a section of ghetto wall below. Beyond it, ins the ghetto, a narrow street leading to deserted buildings Gebczynski comes up behind him.
83) 2) dialog: Must feel better this side of the  wall.
83) 4) dialog: Here.
83) 5) text: He leads Szpilman to the small kitchen. Gebczynski opens a cupboard to reveal potatoes, bread.
83) 6) dialog: I'll come again. And Janina Bogucki  will visit twice a week. Bring  more food. See how you are.
83) 7) text: He closes the cupboard. THE MAIN ROOM. Gebczynski makes for the front door, stops.
83) 8) dialog: Yes, now, this is very important.  In case of emergency, I mean  emergency, go to this address.
90) 0) text: Snow. Ice on the windows.  The sound of the key in the door.  Szpilman turns as the door opens and Gebczynski enters,  distraught. Whispered, at speed:
90) 1) dialog: Get your things together, you have  to leave!
90) 3) text: Gebczynski takes out a cigarette and lights it. While he  does so:
90) 4) dialog: I'm on the run!
90) 6) dialog: The Gestapo found our weapons.  They've arrested Janina and Andrzej.  They're bound to find out about  this place, too - you must get  away at once.
90) 8) dialog: That's your decision. (Stubs out cigarette.) But when they storm the flat, throw  yourself out of die window - don't  let them get you alive. I have  poison on me, they won't get me  alive either!
95) 0) text: Szpilman lurches into the narrow street. No one about. He stops, almost collapses, but manages to keep hold of  himself. He puts on his coat and wraps the scarf round hi neck. He leans up against a wall. He removes a shoe and takes out the scrap of paper  Gebczynski gave him. He reads it.