4) 0) text: The Szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of roo packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a  trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois  apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings an boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlestick The family consist of MOTHER, in a state of great anxiety FATHER, REGINA, twenty-six, HALINA, twenty-two, and HENRY twenty-four, the only one not in movement. He sits by the radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a statio No bombs now, just the distant sound of artillery fire.  Father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to  Mother.
4) 13) dialog: (calling through a  door) Papa, Wladek's home.
4) 29) dialog: I used it for packing.
4) 32) dialog: All able-bodied men must leave the  city, go across the river and set  up a new line of defence, that's  what it said.
4) 37) dialog: Good! I'm not going anywhere either!
7) 0) text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the  frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and  replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,  polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Fath sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father' violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silv has gone.
7) 6) dialog: Deposit it in a bank. Blocked  account.
7) 17) dialog: There's a good place under the  cupboard.
7) 29) dialog: She's a lawyer, she likes order.
12) 0) text: Szpilman composing at the piano. He plays, makes adjustme with a pencil to the manuscript, plays again. The flat is almost bare. Halina, enters with a newspaper.
12) 1) dialog: Have you seen this?
12) 9) dialog: 'By order of the Governor of the  Warsaw District, Dr. Fischer,  concerning the establishment of  the Jewish District in Warsaw.  There will be created a Jewish  District in which all Jews living  in Warsaw or moving to Warsaw will  have to reside."  And look here:  'Jews living outside of the  prescribed area will have to move  to the Jewish district by 31st of  October 1940.'
12) 13) text: He laughs but they're disturbed by a sound from another  room, the sound of crying. They look at each other puzzle then Halina opens a door and looks in. Szpilman and Henry join her. 
12) 15) dialog: Mama, what is it?
12) 18) text: She weeps. Halina tries to comfort her. Szpilman and Henr watch.
14) 0) text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycle on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with  belongings. A great moving mass of humanity. They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.  On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their  belongings.  All wear armbands.  Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.  Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,  smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to  tears.
15) 4) dialog: (at a window) Look! Come and look!
25) 5) dialog: On a Jew? They allowed a Pole to  come in to operate on a Jew?
28) 0) text: A doorman with a cudgel beats away the beggars from the  door as Halina, distraught and out of breath, runs to the cafe entrance. The doorman lets her in.
29) 0) text: Szpilman snaps out of his reverie, seeing, across the hea of the customers, Halina, in a state of great anxiety,  beckoning urgently.  Szpilman quickly brings the piece to a close, stands, ste off the platform, threads his way through to Halina. She' shivering, almost unable to speak.
29) 2) dialog: (almost incoherent) Oh my God, it's terrible, you've  got to do something, oh my God!
29) 4) dialog: They're hunting people on the  streets. They've picked up Henryk.
38) 0) text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a  huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard. Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among  them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen  supervise. Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort ou carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother, clothing. The sounds of trains not far off.   They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
41) 0) text: Still quite dark. The Szpilmans and about twenty others  lined up under lights shining on them from a couple of  German vehicles. The NCO goes along the line, making a selection, using hi pistol to prod people into moving. When he gets to the  Szpilmans he selects Henryk and Halina. Then, he turns to those who are left:
44) 29) text: Near the gates, among a large bunch of new arrivals, Henr and Halina.
44) 31) text: Regina and Szpilman also call and wave. Henryk and Halina struggle through to them. Halina falls into Mother's arms and they hug.
44) 32) dialog: We heard you were here...we...didn't  want...we...we wanted to be with  you.
44) 38) dialog: She's getting on my nerves. What  did she do, for God's sake?
44) 41) text: Halina looks at him in disbelief.
46) 0) text: A cordon of Jewish policeman and SS guards. Among the gre throng of people, the Szpilmans trudge towards the train. Szpilman and Halina walking.
46) 2) dialog: What?
46) 4) dialog: What?
46) 6) dialog: (a smile) Thanks.
46) 9) text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest  of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.  A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish  policeman shoves him. Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him  the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs. He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering  into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.