4) 10) dialog: I told her not to worry. You had  your papers on you. If you'd been  hit by a bomb, they'd have known  where to take you.
4) 20) dialog: Warsaw's not the only radio station.
4) 41) dialog: Sssh!
4) 43) dialog: Ssh! I've got something, listen...
4) 46) text: Henryk hits the set.
5) 1) dialog: (lighting up a  cigarette) Mama, that was a great dinner.
6) 0) text: A column of German Soldiers, led by an officer on horseba march into view.  On the sidewalk of the street, with its buildings in ruin smoke still rising, stand onlookers, including Szpilman  and Henryk, and a little behind them, Father, craning to  see. They watch, expressionless, as the Germans march pas
7) 0) text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the  frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and  replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,  polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Fath sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father' violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silv has gone.
7) 7) dialog: Banks? Who'd be stupid enough to  deposit money in a German bank?
7) 10) dialog: And suppose they take the table  away?
7) 12) dialog: The Germans go into Jewish homes  and they just take what they want,  furniture, valuables, anything.
7) 18) dialog: No, no. Listen, I've been thinking --
7) 20) dialog: You know what we do? We use  psychology.
7) 22) dialog: We leave the money and the watch  on the table. And we cover it like  this. (covers it with the  newspaper) In full view. The Germans will  search high and low, I promise  you, they'll never notice it.
7) 24) dialog: A good place for what? (to the others') He's insane!
10) 3) dialog: I won't wear it.
10) 7) dialog: We're not going to get them. We're  not going to wear them!
12) 12) dialog: No. Three hundred and sixty  thousand, so it'll be easy.
13) 0) text: Hands on the piano keyboard. Podgy, hairy hands with dirt nails. They play an octave, harsh, toneless, with straigh fingers. The hands belong to Mr Lipa, a dealer, early fifties. He  sits at the piano, now examining the lacquer. Regina stan in the bow, watching him. Henryk is at the table, also  watching intently. Szpilman sits apart, aloof, his back to the piano and to  Mr Lipa.
13) 4) text: Henryk suddenly makes a lunge for him, grabs hold of him, a rough struggle takes place and during it Mother and Fat appear at their bedroom door to watch, appalled.
13) 5) dialog: Get out! You're a thieving bastard,  we don't want your money, get out!  We'd rather give it away! Get out!
13) 10) text: Henryk subsides, glowering at him.
14) 0) text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycle on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with  belongings. A great moving mass of humanity. They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.  On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their  belongings.  All wear armbands.  Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.  Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,  smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to  tears.
17) 0) text: Winter. Cold, freezing day. Slush underfoot. Great activi People selling shoes, clothes, carpets, curtains, food. A woman offers cakes under a barbed-wire cover. Noise, bust restless wing and froing.   Among the traders, Henryk, slightly shabbier now, and at  his feet a basket with books. He holds a couple of volume in his hands, trying to interest passers-by.  Szpilman, also a little shabbier, wends his way through  the setters and buyers, the beggars, the passers-by, and  reaches Henryk. Henryk drops the two volumes into the basket, takes a han one side of the basket, Szpilman the other. They set off. As they walk, carrying the basket between them, passing  beggars and children asking for food:
17) 2) dialog: Just one. Dostoevsky. The Idiot.  Three zlotys.
17) 4) dialog: Three lousy zlotys. And there are  people here making millions.
17) 6) dialog: You don't know, believe me. They  bribe the guards. The guards turn  a blind eye. They're bringing in  cartloads, food, tobacco, liquor,  French cosmetics, and the poor are  dying all around them and they  don't give a damn.
17) 13) text: She wanders on. Szpilman and Henryk, too, continue on the way. And as they go:
17) 14) dialog: Sometimes I wish I could go mad.
18) 0) text: A stream of cars and trams. Jewish policemen and German  soldiers much in evidence. Szpilman and Henryk join a large crowd of Jews waiting at a barrier to cross the intersection. The crowd is agitate impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let the through. A MAN next to Szpilman and Henryk is becoming more and  more distraught, shifting his weight from foot to foot,  taking off and putting on his hat.
18) 2) dialog: Don't worry about it, they're about  to build a bridge, haven't you  heard?
18) 4) text: Meanwhile, a street band begins to play a waltz. Jewish  policemen and German soldiers are clearing a space, shovi Jews out of the way, including Szpilman, Henryk and the  nervous man. Other soldiers are clearing a space.  Two GERMAN SOLDIERS pull out of the crowd a tall woman an a short man and haul them into the cleared space.
19) 0) text: Szpilman and Henryk enter and stop. Uneasy.
19) 3) dialog: What's this about?
19) 5) text: Henryk and Szpilman sit. They eye Heller suspiciously.
19) 6) dialog: So, what are you doing here?
19) 12) dialog: Who's recruiting?
19) 14) dialog: (sarcastic) Oh? More Jewish police? You mean  you want me to wear a cap like  yours, beat up Jews with my  truncheon and catch the Gestapo  spirit. I see!
19) 16) dialog: But why me? I thought you only  recruited boys with rich fathers.  Look at my father, look at us, I  mean...
19) 18) dialog: (a smile) Yes, please.
25) 2) dialog: Okay, then I'll tell you something  funny. You know who I mean by Dr.  Raszeja.
25) 4) dialog: The surgeon. Well, for some reason,  don't ask me why, the Germans  allowed him into the ghetto to  perform an operation...
25) 6) dialog: He got a pass, that's all I know.  Anyway, he puts the patient to  sleep and starts the operation.  He'd just made the first incision  when the SS burst in, shoot the  patient lying on the table, and  then shoot Dr. Raszeja and everybody  else who was there. Isn't that a  laugh? The patient didn't feel a  thing, he was anaesthetised -
25) 9) dialog: What's the matter with you all?  Have you lost your sense of humour?
25) 11) dialog: Well, you know what's funny? You're  funny with that ridiculous tie.
25) 14) dialog: Your work, yes, playing the piano  for all the parasites in the ghetto,  they don't give a damn about  people's sufferings, they don't  even notice what's going on around  them!
26) 8) text: Then sound of shots, slamming doors, screams, shouts. Szpilman and Henryk hurry to another window so that they  can see what's going on. Their POV from second window building opposite and street SS Men herding a couple of dozen prisoners from the build opposite. People watching from the windows but trying not to be see The headlights of the SS vehicle are switched on and the  SS Men are forcing their prisoners to stand in the beam.
31) 3) text: Szpilman scans the mob. The Jewish policemen using batons and whips to herd the men. No sign of Henryk. Szpilman  becomes alert. He's seen someone he recognises. Heller,  with his red hair and Hitler moustache, wielding a baton, driving men into the building. With difficulty, Szpilman  pushes his way through the mob and gets nearer to Heller.
31) 39) dialog: (immediately on the  attack, furious) You go to Heller, did I ask you to  talk to him?
31) 42) dialog: Did you beg, did you grovel to  that piece of shit, that cockroach?
31) 44) dialog: What did you pay him?
31) 46) dialog: I can look after myself!
31) 48) dialog: It's nothing to do with you. It's  me they wanted, not you. Why do  you interfere in other people's  business?
31) 50) dialog: That's also my business.
32) 0) text: A wooden bridge has been constructed, linking the small  ghetto to the large ghetto. Few people about, mostly begg and children. Szpilman and Henryk climb the stairs of the bridge, but a they reach the bridge itself Henryk stumbles, sinks to hi knees. Szpilman gets hold of him, tries to help him stand
32) 2) dialog: Hungry.
33) 0) text: Szpilman supports Henryk, helps him towards the back of  the cafe.
34) 0) text: Henryk, finishing a bowl of soup and a piece of bread,  sits at a worktop with Szpilman and Benek. The kitchen is small and busy with cooks, waiters, washers-up.
34) 2) dialog: You have to have an employment  certificate to work for one of the  German firms in the ghetto,  otherwise...
34) 4) dialog: You'll be deported.
34) 6) dialog: They're going to resettle us. Send  us to labour camps. In the east.  And they're closing the small  ghetto.
37) 0) text: A great mass of agitated people crossing only one way:  from the small ghetto to the large ghetto, carrying their belongings. A German film crew records the scene. The  Szpilmans among the crowd, lugging suitcases and bundles, Henryk with a few books, Father carrying his violin case. They struggle across the bridge.
38) 0) text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a  huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard. Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among  them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen  supervise. Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort ou carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother, clothing. The sounds of trains not far off.   They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
40) 0) text: semi-darkness. A large room with an improvised partition  of blankets to separate the men from the women. Three-tie bunks. On the men's side, Father is on the upper bunk, Henryk on the lower. Szpilman, stripping down to his underwear, is  preparing to climb into the middle bunk.
41) 0) text: Still quite dark. The Szpilmans and about twenty others  lined up under lights shining on them from a couple of  German vehicles. The NCO goes along the line, making a selection, using hi pistol to prod people into moving. When he gets to the  Szpilmans he selects Henryk and Halina. Then, he turns to those who are left:
44) 31) text: Regina and Szpilman also call and wave. Henryk and Halina struggle through to them. Halina falls into Mother's arms and they hug.
44) 36) text: Szpilman stands and stares at her.  Later:  The sun lower but the heat still intense. The place is now packed to suffocation. People calling ou names, trying to find each other. The wailing of women an the cries of children. A cordon of Jewish policemen and SS guards are, almost  surreptitiously, ringing the compound. The Szpilmans sit in the same place, with Henryk sitting little apart and now reading a small book.
44) 43) text: Later: Szpilman and Henryk.
44) 45) dialog: (a crooked, ironic  smile) 'If you prick us, do we not bleed?  If you tickle us, do we not laugh?  If you poison us, do we not die?  And if you wrong us, shall we not  revenge?'
44) 48) dialog: (taking the book  back and resuming  his reading) Yes, that's why I brought it. 
44) 50) dialog: Idiot. What's he think he's going  to do with the money?
46) 9) text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest  of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.  A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish  policeman shoves him. Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him  the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs. He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering  into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.