56) 7) text: Embarrassed, she giggles and they go. Szpilman, Benek and the others continue to work. The foremen sit, sunning themselves, and the German  policemen stand, deep in conversation, ignoring the worke Szpilman suddenly stops work. He has seen something in th square that alerts him. At the furthest stall, he sees a woman, attractive, chic, in her thirties, buying vegetables at a stall.  Her name  is JANINA GODLEWSKA. Surreptitiously, Szpilman raises a hand, trying to catch  her attention. But he's frightened of alerting the German policemen and the foremen. Benek has noticed.
56) 10) text: Again Szpilman tries, but Janina, her profile to him,  doesn't see.
56) 14) text: He goes back to work. The German policemen wander over to one of the stalls to  buy fruit. The moment they do so two Jewish workers scamp across to another stall to buy bread. Szpilman glances across the square: Janina is still at th stall. He comes to a decision. He jumps down, is about to dash  towards Janina, but stops dead. Janina is no longer there.
70) 0) text: Dimly lit. Empty street. Szpilman walks fast to the corne stops, looks round anxiously. Nothing. He takes the armba from his pocket and drops it through the grating of a dra in the gutter just as there's movement in a darkened  doorway. Szpilman tenses. Then, out of the darkness of the doorway, a woman: JANINA GODLEWSKA. She turns and starts to walk quickly. Szpilman, putting  the collar of his coat up, follows, keeping pace. A  pedestrian walks past in the opposite direction but pays  them no attention. Janina and Szpilman walk on.
71) 0) text: Janina comes to the front door, opens it with a key, goes in. Szpilman, a little distance behind, catches up and  follows her inside.
72) 0) text: Janina waits as Szpilman closes the front door, then star up the stairs. Szpilman follows. She stops, turns to him, smiles, kisses him on the cheek, then continues up the  stairs.
73) 0) text: ANDRZEJ BOGUCKI, a handsome man, fortyish, tries to conce his sense of shock at seeing Szpilman He holds out his  hand and Szpilman shakes it. Szpilman looks around the nicely furnished, large apartme He looks at Bogucki and Janina. Tears well up in his eyes He fights it hard, not to cry. So does Janina.
75) 0) text: The ceramic stove. Szpilman's ghetto clothes, torn into  strips, are being stuffed into it and burned. Janina shov the strips of clothes into the stove. Szpilman, now weari Bogucki's suit and clean-shaven, watches the clothes burn while he spoons hot soup into his mouth.
75) 3) text: Janina adds the last strip of clothing.
75) 4) dialog: I'll bring you food.
87) 0) text: Szpilman at the window, watching, his mood downcast.  The noise of a key in the door. He turns to see the door of the flat open. Janina enters  with a parcel of food. She kisses Szpilman on the cheek.
87) 1) dialog: wanted to come earlier but...
87) 4) text: He goes into the small kitchen and unpacks the contents  while Janina gazes out of the window.
87) 5) dialog: No one thought they'd hold out so  long.
87) 7) dialog: (turning to him) Wladek, stop that. It's over now.  Just be proud it happened. My God,  did they put up a fight.
87) 9) dialog: They're in shock. They didn't expect  it. Nobody expected it. Jews  fighting back? Who'd have thought?
87) 11) dialog: (passionate) What good? Wladek, I'm surprised  at you. They died with  dignity,  that's what good it did. And you  know something else?  Now the Poles  will rise. We're ready. We'll fight,  too. You'll see.