24) 18) text: A distinctive knock on the door. Szpilman tenses but Jehu beams. To one of his boys: Symche - The boy opens the doo to admit a short, neat man, MAJOREK.
24) 19) dialog: Hello, Symche, Dolek, Mrs Zyskind,  Jehuda. Working hard?
24) 22) dialog: (shakes Szpilman's  hand) I know your name. I've never heard  you play.
24) 27) dialog: As many toilets as I can find.  Germans never go into Jewish  toilets. They're too clean for  them.
35) 0) text: A dense crowd of people crossing the bridge in both  directions. Szpilman, shabby and unshaven, hurries along and meets  Jehuda Zyskind coming towards him, accompanied by the sma man, Majorek.
35) 15) dialog: Be at the Schultz Workshop,  tomorrow, four o'clock.
36) 0) text: The name 'Samuel Szpilman' being written on a certificate The clatter of sewing machines. SCHULTZ, a fat, sweaty German is filling out the form at  his desk. Majorek beside him, standing, chatting to him  and having a quiet laugh. In the doorway, Szpilman and  Father. The small office is on an upper level with a window looki down on the factory floor where Jewish men and women are  hard at work on sewing machines making the terrible clatt Schultz stamps the certificate, hands it to Majorek, who  gives it to Father.
58) 0) text: Szpilman, bent almost double, carries a hod on his back  piled with bricks. He is mounting a wooden ramp that runs up beside scaffolding on a small building site where an  extra floor is being added to a house. There are Polish  workers, too, who don't, of course, wear armbands as the  Jews do. There's a wooden hut serving as a store on the  site. Halfway up the ramp, Szpilman hears someone whistle. He  stops, turns to see, at the bottom of the ramp, Majorek,  smiling and giving a discreet wave. Later:  Szpilman and Majorek sip gruel out of mugs. They sit apar from the others who are also taking a break.
58) 2) dialog: Since last night. I was pleased to  see you.
58) 4) dialog: They're going to start the final  resettlement now. We know what it  means. We sent someone out. Zygmunt.  A good man. His orders were to  follow the trains out of Warsaw.  He got to Sokolow. A local  railwayman told him the tracks are  divided, one branch leading to  Treblinka. He said every day freight  trains carrying people from Warsaw  forked to Treblinka and returned  empty. No transports of food are  ever seen on that line. And  civilians are forbidden to approach  the Treblinka station. They're  exterminating us. Won't take them  long. We're sixty thousand left.  Out of half a million. Mostly young  people. And this time we're going  to fight. We're in good shape.  We're organised. We're prepared.
61) 5) text: A glance between Szpilman and Majorek.
62) 0) text: Snow. Majorek pulls a barrow by a rope attached to its  shaft across the site. On the barrow, five sacks. The Jew workers are phased to see him. Majorek pulls the barrow to where Szpilman waits.
62) 1) dialog: (under his breath) The smaller one. At the bottom.
62) 2) text: Szpilman nods and starts unloading the sacks as Majorek  moves away.
65) 0) text: The Jewish workers, all carrying their parcels of potatoe and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates escorted b two Polish policemen. Szpilman walks beside them. Ahead o him, Majorek near the front of the column. As the column nears the ghetto gates, Majorek tosses his  package over the wall and when Szpilman reaches the same  spot, he throws a similar package. The column marches on.
66) 0) text: A small room with several three-tiered bunk beds. The sou of men's heavy breathing and snoring. Szpilman lies awake, staring at the ceiling. He reaches  inside his jacket, finds a scrap of paper and a pencil,  writes something. He slips off his bunk and crosses to another set of bunks crouches down at the bottom one, where Majorek sleeps.
66) 2) text: Majorek is instantly awake.
66) 4) dialog: It's easy to get out, it's how you  survive on the other side that's  hard.
66) 6) text: Majorek takes the paper but says nothing. He turns over  and goes back to sleep. Szpilman returns to his bunk.
68) 0) text: Freezing cold. The Jewish workers, with their bundles of  potatoes and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates  escorted by the two Polish policemen. In the column,  Szpilman, near the policeman with the moustache, and a  little behind them, Majorek. Distant sounds of gunfire.  Majorek falls in beside Szpilman.
68) 1) dialog: I tried your friends. They're not  at that address any more.  But.
68) 3) dialog: Be ready to leave in two days'  time. Same place as last night.
68) 6) text: As the SS men advance on Szpilman and Majorek's section,  Majorek slips back to his place in the column. Szpilman  hides his package inside his coat. Zick-Zack lashes out at the workers blindly.
68) 20) text: A brief silence, then from the back, a solo voice starts  to sing, 'Children of Warsaw will go to fight!'  Szpilman glances back, sees that it's Majorek singing.  Szpilman smiles, Majorek nods. Szpilman joins in. Now, so do the others. They march on, singing lustily. 
68) 22) text: The column reaches the lamp posts near the ghetto gates.  Szpilman his package over the wall. So does Majorek.
69) 2) text: Calmly, Szpilman leaves the table with the scales, walks  past Majorek and the others, who, having got their potato are assembling in a column, preparing to march back into  the ghetto. The Polish workers have packed up their tools and are talking among themselves, also about to leave the site but in a casual way. The SS guards shout orders for the Jewish column to move  off. Szpilman seems as if he's going to join them, but at the last moment turns and falls in with the Polish worker beside Barczak, who just glances at him then moves so tha Szpilman is in the middle of the group. Szpilman slips off his armband, stuffs it into his pocket The group walk into the darkness.