4) 0) text: The Szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of roo packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a  trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois  apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings an boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlestick The family consist of MOTHER, in a state of great anxiety FATHER, REGINA, twenty-six, HALINA, twenty-two, and HENRY twenty-four, the only one not in movement. He sits by the radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a statio No bombs now, just the distant sound of artillery fire.  Father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to  Mother.
4) 2) dialog: Take it, don't take it, take what  you like. Can't you see I'm worried  sick?
4) 6) text: Mother dashes out of the kitchen.
4) 7) dialog: Thank God - Wladek! You're wounded.
4) 9) dialog: I've been worried sick.
4) 12) dialog: Henryk, don't say things like that,  God forbid, God forbid.
4) 21) dialog: Pack, darling, get your things,  pack.
4) 23) dialog: Out of Warsaw.
4) 35) dialog: Pack, Wladek, there's no time.
4) 38) dialog: Don't be ridiculous, we've got to  keep together.
4) 40) dialog: God forbid!
5) 3) dialog: When there's something to celebrate,  you've got to make an effort.
7) 0) text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the  frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and  replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,  polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Fath sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father' violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silv has gone.
7) 2) dialog: Is that all?
7) 5) dialog: What are we supposed to do with  the rest?
7) 11) dialog: What d'you mean, take the table  away?
7) 13) dialog: Do they?
7) 16) dialog: What on earth are you doing?
12) 16) text: Mother opens the purse to reveal a crumpled note.
12) 17) dialog: Twenty zlotys. That's all we've  got left. What can I buy with twenty  zlotys? (breaking down) I'm sick of cooking potatoes,  potatoes, potatoes.
13) 4) text: Henryk suddenly makes a lunge for him, grabs hold of him, a rough struggle takes place and during it Mother and Fat appear at their bedroom door to watch, appalled.
14) 0) text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycle on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with  belongings. A great moving mass of humanity. They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.  On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their  belongings.  All wear armbands.  Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.  Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,  smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to  tears.
15) 3) dialog: I'll sleep with the girls in the  kitchen. You, Henrykc and Papa in  here.
19) 1) dialog: Good, they're here. Yitzchak  Heller's been waiting for you,  Henryk.
19) 2) text: Seated at the table with Mother and Father is a uniformed young man, YITZCHAK HELLER, unusual appearance, a man wit red hair and a Hitler moustache.  Heller remains seated, just nods at the brothers.
19) 4) dialog: Sit down, have tea, I'll start  lunch when the girls get back.
25) 0) text: Summer. The windows are open and the sounds of the ghetto can be heard in the background. The family sit round the  small table as Mother comes with a saucepan of soup and  starts to serve.
25) 1) dialog: And, please, tonight, for once, I  don't want anything bad talked  about. Let's enjoy our meal.
25) 8) dialog: Henryk, I said nothing bad.
25) 13) dialog: Boys, boys...
38) 0) text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a  huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard. Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among  them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen  supervise. Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort ou carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother, clothing. The sounds of trains not far off.   They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
40) 5) text: The NCO cracks Szpilman across the face, turns and goes.  Szpilman retreats into the room, his nose bleeding. The  women are watching from behind the blankets, but Mother  hurries towards Szpilman. She wipes his nose. Shots, shouts, a scream.
42) 2) dialog: Stop it, Wladek.
43) 0) text: Hot, fine summer's day. Jews, among them Szpilman, Mother Regina and father, clutching their meagre belongings, wal towards wooden gates and come to a halt. Jewish policemen approach and order the people about, pushing and shoving  them into line.
44) 0) text: Szpilman, Mother, Regina and Father, with others, enter  through one of the gates, which closes on them. They paus for a moment to take in their new surroundings.  The Szpilmans and their POV:  Their first sight of the large rectangle, walled on two  sides and overlooked by buildings. Several hundred people People walk up and down.
44) 8) text: The sound of trucks. Everyone looks towards the gates.  More Jews are being unloaded from trucks and are marched  through the gates. Mothers, children, old people, begging most of them holding papers. Pandemonium.  Later:  The sun high, blazing. Szpilman is wandering around,  occasionally greeting people. The place is crowded now,  packed. Trucks bring more and more Jews at intervals.  Old people lying down, exhausted, impossible to tell whet some of them are alive or dead. Women carrying dehydrated children drag themselves from group to group. One WOMAN  approaches Szpilman.
44) 26) text: A loud cry from Mother. Szpilman and Father spin round.
44) 27) dialog: Henryk!
44) 30) dialog: Halina! Henryk!
44) 31) text: Regina and Szpilman also call and wave. Henryk and Halina struggle through to them. Halina falls into Mother's arms and they hug.
44) 33) text: Mother comforts her. And so does Regina. Father smiles  sadly.
46) 9) text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest  of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.  A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish  policeman shoves him. Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him  the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs. He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering  into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.