4) 0) text: The Szpilman family in panic: coming and going out of roo packing clothes and belongings into open suitcases and a  trunk in a comfortable, tastefully furnished bourgeois  apartment, the living room lined with books, paintings an boasting a boudoir grand, silver platters and candlestick The family consist of MOTHER, in a state of great anxiety FATHER, REGINA, twenty-six, HALINA, twenty-two, and HENRY twenty-four, the only one not in movement. He sits by the radio set, ear to the speaker, trying to tune to a statio No bombs now, just the distant sound of artillery fire.  Father, holding a silver-framed photograph, crosses to  Mother.
4) 5) dialog: Mama, Wladek's home.
4) 17) dialog: What's it look like we're doing?
4) 25) dialog: You haven't heard?
4) 27) dialog: Haven't you seen the paper? Where's  the paper?
4) 30) dialog: (exasperated) She used it for packing.
7) 0) text: Regina is opening and closing the window, examining the  frame with her fingers. Halina is on a box, removing and  replacing books. Mother sits at one end of the table,  polishing a man's watch and chain. At the other end, Fath sits counting a small stack of notes and coins. Henryk is deep in thought and Szpilman is fiddling with his father' violin. The apartment has less furniture now and the silv has gone.
7) 4) dialog: It's three thousand and three zlotys  too much, (reading from  newspaper) 'Re: Further restrictions regarding  liquid assets: Jews will be allowed  to keep a maximum of two thousand  zlotys in their homes.'
7) 8) dialog: We could hide the money here in  the window frame.
7) 28) dialog: Quiet! Quiet! Order, please, order!
7) 30) dialog: Listen, just listen. Let's come to  an agreement. We jam the money in  the window frame. The watch we  hide under the cupboard. And the  chain we put in the violin.
10) 4) dialog: won't wear it. I'm not going to be  branded.
13) 0) text: Hands on the piano keyboard. Podgy, hairy hands with dirt nails. They play an octave, harsh, toneless, with straigh fingers. The hands belong to Mr Lipa, a dealer, early fifties. He  sits at the piano, now examining the lacquer. Regina stan in the bow, watching him. Henryk is at the table, also  watching intently. Szpilman sits apart, aloof, his back to the piano and to  Mr Lipa.
13) 2) dialog: But...but it's a Steinway, Mr  Lipa...
13) 6) text: Regina tries physically to restrain him.
13) 8) dialog: (overlapping) Henryk, stop it, leave him alone.
14) 0) text: A great column of Jews of all ages make their way towards the area that will become the ghetto. On foot, on bicycle on horse-drawn platforms, some pushing prams loaded with  belongings. A great moving mass of humanity. They're watched on either side of the street by Poles.  On a horse-drawn platform, the Szpilmans with their  belongings.  All wear armbands.  Szpilman, Halina and Henryk walk beside the platform with Mother, Father and Regina seated on it.  Szpilman catches sight of someone among the onlookers,  smiles and pushes through the crowd to Dorota, close to  tears.
25) 3) dialog: The surgeon?
26) 7) dialog: (softly, to Mother) Be quiet, Mama, for God's sake, be  quiet!
38) 0) text: A truck backing up. The tail-gate is opened to reveal a  huge load of furniture, linen, clothing, mirrors, carpets bedclothes. Three Jews inside the van start to unload the stuff, dumping it in the yard. Other Jews stand ready to start sorting the load, among  them the Szpilman family. Shupos and Jewish policemen  supervise. Each has their allotted task: Szpilman and Henryk sort ou carpets, Father mirrors, Regina linen, Halina and Mother, clothing. The sounds of trains not far off.   They carry the stuff into the warehouse.
42) 3) dialog: Let's just hope that Henryk and  Halina will be better off -
43) 0) text: Hot, fine summer's day. Jews, among them Szpilman, Mother Regina and father, clutching their meagre belongings, wal towards wooden gates and come to a halt. Jewish policemen approach and order the people about, pushing and shoving  them into line.
43) 1) dialog: (to a Jewish  policeman) Where will we be going?
44) 0) text: Szpilman, Mother, Regina and Father, with others, enter  through one of the gates, which closes on them. They paus for a moment to take in their new surroundings.  The Szpilmans and their POV:  Their first sight of the large rectangle, walled on two  sides and overlooked by buildings. Several hundred people People walk up and down.
44) 28) dialog: (glancing up, shocked) Oh my God!
44) 31) text: Regina and Szpilman also call and wave. Henryk and Halina struggle through to them. Halina falls into Mother's arms and they hug.
44) 33) text: Mother comforts her. And so does Regina. Father smiles  sadly.
46) 9) text: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon. It's Heller. The rest  of the family have reached the next truck to be filled.  A scuffle as Szpilman tries to resist. Another Jewish  policeman shoves him. Szpilman stumbles, falls to the ground, in front of him  the closed ranks of the Jewish policemen's backs. He stands, runs at the cordon, seeing between their heads shoulders, Mother, Regina, Henryk and Halina clambering  into the trucks. Father is looking around, bewildered.