6) 0) text: A column of German Soldiers, led by an officer on horseba march into view.  On the sidewalk of the street, with its buildings in ruin smoke still rising, stand onlookers, including Szpilman  and Henryk, and a little behind them, Father, craning to  see. They watch, expressionless, as the Germans march pas
18) 0) text: A stream of cars and trams. Jewish policemen and German  soldiers much in evidence. Szpilman and Henryk join a large crowd of Jews waiting at a barrier to cross the intersection. The crowd is agitate impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let the through. A MAN next to Szpilman and Henryk is becoming more and  more distraught, shifting his weight from foot to foot,  taking off and putting on his hat.
18) 4) text: Meanwhile, a street band begins to play a waltz. Jewish  policemen and German soldiers are clearing a space, shovi Jews out of the way, including Szpilman, Henryk and the  nervous man. Other soldiers are clearing a space.  Two GERMAN SOLDIERS pull out of the crowd a tall woman an a short man and haul them into the cleared space.
18) 5) dialog: Dance!
18) 6) text: The couple dance to the street band's waltz.  At intervals, German soldiers select even more unlikely  couples: a fat woman with a painfully thin man, a young  boy with an elderly woman, two men, and two cripples.  The German soldiers are, to various degrees, amused. One  of them is almost hysterical with laughter.
18) 8) text: The couples dance as fast as they can. A soldier kicks on of the cripples who can't go on any more.
40) 2) text: Szpilman nods, climbs into his bunk, settles down. Somewh near, the sound of a train. Then a volley of shots, German voices shouting. Szpilman slips off his bunk, hurries to the door, opens i and comes face to face with a German NCO and soldiers.
85) 1) text: A German personnel carrier, an open car carrying officers and a motorcycle and sidecar roar down the narrow street  below towards the buildings at the far end. German soldie follow behind on the trot, pulling a field gun. Unseen marksmen fire down on the Germans from the buildin As the German soldiers dismount from their vehicles one o them is hit and falls. The others rush for cover.
86) 0) text: The German Commander and two officers alight from the car and take cover. The Commander orders the field gun to be trained on the  buildings. Spasmodic firing continues.  He gives the order to fire. The gun roars. The shell tears into the building. At once the German soldiers open fire with their rifles and lob  grenades into the building. The gun fires again.  The building begins to burn. Flames and smoke. German soldiers with flame-throwers advance carefully the unleash their fire into doorways and windows, and quickly retreat. At ground level, Jewish fighters try to fight their way  out and are mowed down. The fire spreads quickly through the building. Smoke begi to pour from the upper floors. The Germans, less cautious now, stand and watch. A woman struggles out on to her narrow third-floor balcon She climbs over, holds on to the wrought-iron railings an hangs on for dear life. Shots ring out and she drops like a stone.  From inside the building, screams and shouts. From another upper window, a man in flames jumps and fall to his death on the pavement below. The Germans have stopped firing. They stand, spectators,  watching the building burn.
116) 0) text: The attic door being kicked in by a German boot.  A German soldier, wearing his gas mask, bayonet fixed,  enters the attic, looks round, sees nothing, then:
116) 2) text: The soldier turns and hurries out.
118) 0) text: Two German soldiers are firing at Szpilman.
123) 0) text: Szpilman watches from the doorway. Then, dropping down, h crawls across the road on his stomach, threading his way  through the dead bodies, now besieged by flies, and makes for the hospital opposite. German soldiers appear from around a corner. Szpilman  immediately lies still, pretending to be just another  corpse. Flies alight on him. When the Germans pass, he  sets off again.
125) 0) text: German soldiers dragging the corpses into a pile. A sergeant douses the bodies in petrol, then sets them  alight. The bodies burn.
153) 2) text: His excitement grows and he walks out into the street.  He sees at one end soldiers serving soup from afield kitc to a group of people.  On the opposite side of the street, he sees a man and a  woman who have left the field kitchen. The man carries a  two-tiered canister. Szpilman rushes towards them, grabs hold of the man and  tries to kiss him. The man, totally bewildered, tries to  fight him off. The woman is terrified.
153) 4) text: She runs, yelling, towards the field kitchen. So does the man. Szpilman stands and stares, then sees one of the soldiers cock his rifle and fire at him. Szpilman runs, the firing continuing.
154) 0) text: Szpilman bolts into the doorway of a ruined building. He  peers out to see Polish soldiers beginning to surround th ruined building, firing shots, lobbing in a grenade or  two.
154) 4) text: The Polish soldiers: Two of the officers stand near the  entrance, hearing Szpilman's shouts.
155) 0) text: Spring. Idyllic.  A column of men and women stretching along the length of  the lane. A couple of horse-and-carts. One or two bicycle Some of the people wear concentration camp garb, others i tattered clothing.  Four men walk together and when they come to a narrow  junction, stop, seeing something  Behind barbed wire, German prisoners of war, guarded by  Russian soldiers. Desolate place. No shelters, no tents.  The POWs sit or lie on the ground, silent, broken,  shattered. The four men gaze at them. :