56) 2) text: Later: Szpilman, on top of a free-standing scaffold, Benek and  the others demolishing a ghetto wall, wielding skdgehamme They work slowly.  A smartly dressed young couple are passing, but stop.  They stare. The young woman is extremely attractive and  knows it. The foremen, workers and the German policemen  ogle her.
56) 14) text: He goes back to work. The German policemen wander over to one of the stalls to  buy fruit. The moment they do so two Jewish workers scamp across to another stall to buy bread. Szpilman glances across the square: Janina is still at th stall. He comes to a decision. He jumps down, is about to dash  towards Janina, but stops dead. Janina is no longer there.
58) 0) text: Szpilman, bent almost double, carries a hod on his back  piled with bricks. He is mounting a wooden ramp that runs up beside scaffolding on a small building site where an  extra floor is being added to a house. There are Polish  workers, too, who don't, of course, wear armbands as the  Jews do. There's a wooden hut serving as a store on the  site. Halfway up the ramp, Szpilman hears someone whistle. He  stops, turns to see, at the bottom of the ramp, Majorek,  smiling and giving a discreet wave. Later:  Szpilman and Majorek sip gruel out of mugs. They sit apar from the others who are also taking a break.
60) 0) text: The workers look up. So does Szpilman and, as he does so, the bricks slide off his hod, crashing to the ground belo
61) 0) text: Winter. Rain. Cold. The store, a wooden hut, contains woo nails, tools, paint, metal brackets. Szpilman sits at a table, where a line of workers has  formed. Szpilman makes a record in a ledger of the tools  each worker takes out on the site. A worker puts his head into the store.
61) 1) dialog: (hissing) Trouble.
61) 3) text: The Jewish workers start to assemble on the site in  haphazard ranks as an SS Captain strides in. The SS Captain, with much jollity and jokes, hops up on t scaffolding and stands, beaming broadly, surveying the  workers.
61) 7) text: He beams; no reaction from the workers.
62) 0) text: Snow. Majorek pulls a barrow by a rope attached to its  shaft across the site. On the barrow, five sacks. The Jew workers are phased to see him. Majorek pulls the barrow to where Szpilman waits.
64) 0) text: Szpilman and a Jewish worker distribute the potatoes to  the other Jewish workers lined up with empty containers o various kinds. There are scales on the table, and they  weigh out five kilos of potatoes, pour them into the men' containers and drop in a loaf of bread.
65) 0) text: The Jewish workers, all carrying their parcels of potatoe and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates escorted b two Polish policemen. Szpilman walks beside them. Ahead o him, Majorek near the front of the column. As the column nears the ghetto gates, Majorek tosses his  package over the wall and when Szpilman reaches the same  spot, he throws a similar package. The column marches on.
68) 0) text: Freezing cold. The Jewish workers, with their bundles of  potatoes and bread, march back towards the ghetto gates  escorted by the two Polish policemen. In the column,  Szpilman, near the policeman with the moustache, and a  little behind them, Majorek. Distant sounds of gunfire.  Majorek falls in beside Szpilman.
68) 6) text: As the SS men advance on Szpilman and Majorek's section,  Majorek slips back to his place in the column. Szpilman  hides his package inside his coat. Zick-Zack lashes out at the workers blindly.
69) 0) text: The Jewish workers lined up to get their potatoes and bre Szpilman and two others weigh the potatoes.
69) 2) text: Calmly, Szpilman leaves the table with the scales, walks  past Majorek and the others, who, having got their potato are assembling in a column, preparing to march back into  the ghetto. The Polish workers have packed up their tools and are talking among themselves, also about to leave the site but in a casual way. The SS guards shout orders for the Jewish column to move  off. Szpilman seems as if he's going to join them, but at the last moment turns and falls in with the Polish worker beside Barczak, who just glances at him then moves so tha Szpilman is in the middle of the group. Szpilman slips off his armband, stuffs it into his pocket The group walk into the darkness.