9) 10) dialog: He called twice. Yesterday and today.
9) 12) dialog: Real early. I’d say around five in the morning or so. Maybe Five thirty.
9) 14) dialog: He just wanted to let us know what a great time he and Darcy were having. Then he said whatever you do, don’t leave your room for the next few days. Either him or Darcy would be calling back.
9) 16) dialog: He said she couldn’t come to the phone. She was in the shower. Getting cleaned up from their long, hot night. He was disgusting.
9) 18) dialog: He didn’t call again until today...a little bit after two o’clock. This time Sheriff Patterson was here. DeSantis notices Sheriff Patterson leaning on the wall. T two men exchange stares. CASEY (CONT’D) He didn’t say anything about Darcy. He just asked if I spoke with the police. He said he had a message for them. (CONTINUED)
9) 22) dialog: When I told him The Sheriff was here and wanted to talk, he hung up. I guess he panicked. That’s when I called you. Darcy said to call you if I ever needed help.
9) 26) dialog: Yes she was. We all were. So what?
9) 28) dialog: What’re you saying?
14) 6) dialog: It’s okay. What’s up?
14) 8) dialog: Yeah, right, Darcy. It’s one o’clock in the morning. What’s the matter?
14) 11) dialog: And that’s pretty much it.
14) 13) dialog: No. But I could tell something was wrong by the way she was acting. I could hear her crying. When I asked what it was, she wouldn’t tell me. It was obvious she didn’t feel like talking about it, so I didn’t push. (CONTINUED)
14) 17) dialog: No. Wot then. I didn’t hear about that until later. But I knew she had a bad day. You could tell she just wanted to get the hell out of LA as soon as possible. She suggested we go to her parent’s lodge in Park City for the weekend. DeSantis jots down a few notes on a note pad.
15) 0) text: Darcy’s S.U.V. barrels down the empty highway. Surround BRIGHT RED LANDSCAPE. In the b.g., we hear LOUD MUSIC PLAYING from the interior of the truck. INT. S.U.V. Darcy is behind the wheel with Casey up front and Leanne the back.
15) 2) dialog: Sorry. I had to tell her.
15) 8) dialog: Was stalking her. Not anymore. (to Darcy) Isn’t that right, Darcy? Darcy smacks Casey on the arm. Leanne’s jaw drops as sh slowly figures it out.
15) 14) dialog: A pact? There’s a pact?
15) 20) dialog: (to Leanne) Oh, yeah. While we’re on the subject. Who’s pregnancy test did I find in your waste basket last week?
15) 23) dialog: It wasn’t mine! I know it wasn’t Darcy’s, so who else could it be?
15) 25) dialog: Okay, fine. Tell us. We’re all ears. Darcy breaks out in hysterics. LEANNE (CONT’D) I had a friend over. She lives with her folks. She was too afraid to do it at home so she used our place.
15) 26) dialog: Yeah, right, Leanne. You’re so busted. Darcy continues laughing uncontrollably. (CONTINUED)
15) 31) dialog: Yeah, really. It couldn’t have been more than twice.
16) 1) dialog: Great going, Leanne. I should’ve known better than to tell you anything.
16) 5) dialog: Well you did. Why’d you have to say anything about her neighbor? Darcy’s never gonna tell me anything again.
16) 7) dialog: What is it?
16) 9) dialog: (to herself) Just kick him in the balls, Darcy. The cowboy finally gives up and lets Darcy pass. He continues to his truck...A GREY DODGE PICK-UP sitting at far end of the lot. Casey watches the mysterious man as he returns her stare. grins and points his finger at her, all the while holding bottle of beer in the same hand. He flicks his thumb as i he’s pulling an imaginary trigger. Casey is visibly frightened by this. The cowboy crawls in his truck, cranks up the engine. He sits, waiting, staring back at the girls in his rearview mirror. Darcy coming out of the store. Casey hangs up the pump as she and Leanne get back in the truck. Darcy follows behind. 30. INT. S.U.V. Casey and Leanne stare into Darcy’s rearview mirror, ga at the dirty pick-up in the distance.
16) 11) dialog: You okay?
16) 13) dialog: Some things you can’t get away from.
18) 2) dialog: Here, here. I guess. The three girls tap glasses -- about to throw down anothe shot, until -- (CONTINUED)
18) 7) dialog: (to Darcy) Why don’t you ease up a bit. Don’t you think you’re hitting the booze a little hard?
18) 13) dialog: Tell him no thanks.
18) 15) dialog: Darcy?
18) 17) dialog: I don’t want him hassling us again.
18) 19) dialog: You’re drinking too much.
18) 25) dialog: Darcy said that was you.
18) 27) dialog: Excuse me. We have to go.
19) 0) text: Darcy is puking her guts up in the toilet as Leanne holds hair back. Casey walks in with a few cans of ginger ale. She pours o into a small cup of ice and rests it on a nearby sink.
19) 1) dialog: How’s she doing?
19) 5) dialog: Leanne? Casey slowly moves to the door and locks it. She hurries the window and peeks outside. There is no one in sight.
20) 2) dialog: You need some coffee and dry toast. Soak up some of that poison in your system.
20) 9) dialog: What? Did you forget something?
20) 11) dialog: I didn’t see anything.
20) 14) dialog: Are you kidding me? We’re in the middle of nowhere. You don’t know that guy. He could have a gun or something. He could stuff the three of us in his trunk.
20) 16) dialog: No way, Darcy! Forget it! Darcey forcefully grabs the wheel, jerking it to the righ forcing them onto the soft shoulder. Casey quickly steps the brakes.
20) 17) dialog: What the fuck, Darcy! What the hell’s the matter with you?! Are you high?!
20) 21) dialog: Alright, Darcy. We’ll go back.
21) 0) text: Casey pulls a quick u-turn and heads back toward the idle car. The S.U.V. pulls up about a hundred feet behind the and slowly comes to a halt. INT. S.U.V.
21) 2) dialog: With pleasure. Darcy steps out and begins toward the vehicle. Casey and Leanne watch as Darcy gets closer and closer.
24) 0) text: Darcy stares back at her two friends. INT. S.U.V. Casey and Leanne both watch as Darcy stares back at them a panicked look in her eyes. (CONTINUED)
25) 3) dialog: Let me guess. You want me to do it?
25) 5) dialog: Darcy!
25) 7) dialog: Then let’s call an ambulance and get the hell out of here! Darcy peeks through the rear passenger window and into th backseat. Something catches her attention. DARCY’S P.O.V. (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: Casey continues toward the car at a brisk pace.
26) 1) dialog: Darcy, I’m serious! Let’s go! Darcy crawls into the backseat, against the advisement of friend. She has to know.
28) 0) text: Casey watches in horror.
28) 1) dialog: 
29) 0) text: Casey chases after the car on foot as a panicked Darcy sm her hands on the rear windshield and SCREAMS for help. He screams are silent: muffled by the glass.
29) 4) dialog: DON’T YOU LOSE HER!!!
29) 7) dialog: The phone’s not working! They gain on Darcy’s kidnapper but quickly begin to slo down. Leanne hits the gas repeatedly, but seems to do no good. The car keeps getting slower and slower. Soon, stepping on the gas has no effect at all. Leanne looks down at the gauge. The tank is empty.
29) 9) dialog: We’re losing him!
31) 0) text: Casey and Leanne approach the diner, completely exhausted Casey runs to a pay phone and dials 9-1-1.
31) 3) dialog: And that was the last we saw of her.
31) 5) dialog: So what do you think? You think it was the same guy? DeSantis nods in agreement. cuUT TO: INT. SHERIFF PATTERSON’S CAR - DAY Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis cruise down a dusty piece highway, side by side.
35) 22) dialog: I keep waiting for that phone to ring. Casey focuses on DeSantis’ eyes, studying them. CASEY (CONT’D) You think she’s dead, don’t you? or)
35) 24) dialog: Me too. DeSantis is visibly surprised with Casey. CASEY (CONT’D) I’m sorry.
35) 26) dialog: Leanne? Same way she deals with everything else in her life. She sleeps all day and hopes everything will work out on its own.
35) 30) dialog: Still talk about you? Drink herself to sleep every night over her unborn child? No. Not at all.
35) 32) dialog: She doesn’t blame you for losing the baby. It was the stress of everything. Trying to stay straight. Trying to stay perfect in the public’s eyes. She hasn’t been happy for awhile, you know?
35) 34) dialog: I don’t know. Darcy never mentioned it. It doesn’t really matter anymore, does it? The only thing you can do for her now is find her and bring her home alive. After that, the two of you can call it even. INT. MR. AND MRS. GOLD’S MOTEL ROOM Henry and Sharon lay awake in bed. Sharon in Henry’s ar searching for some comfort at this very difficult time. Thoughts of their daughter’s safety consume their every second. The PHONE suddenly RINGS, startling The Golds. Henry reac over and answers.
36) 32) dialog: What if we can’t get the money in time? You can’t be sure KBS will just hand over this kind of cash with no questions asked. (CONTINUED)
37) 2) dialog: It just seems like too big a risk.
60) 0) text: Casey pulls into the motel lot and parks in front of thei room. Deputy Bracken sits waiting in his squad car, taking noti of Casey. She ignores him and heads for the room.
61) 0) text: DeSantis finishes packing his stuff into Casey, who quickly shuts the door behind a suitcase. Enter her. (CONTINUED)
61) 3) dialog: Why didn’t you take that shot?
61) 5) dialog: You think she’s alive, don’t you?
61) 7) dialog: That doesn’t mean she’s dead. Even if you thought she was dead, why didn’t you take that shot? You had nothing to lose. He dropped his gun. DeSantis wants to answer Casey. The words are there, but just can’t. He stares at her for what seems like an eternity. Then...suddenly...he breaks his silence.
61) 9) dialog: Oh my God.
61) 11) dialog: What did this man talk her into? What the hell was she thinking? I don’t understand! Any of this! (MORE) (CONTINUED)
61) 14) text: CASEY (cont'd) No, Charlie! Why would she do this?!
61) 16) dialog: You knew what she did here. You’ve known this whole time. That’s why you kept it quiet. DeSantis doesn’t respond. He only smiles and changes th subject.
61) 18) dialog: No.
61) 20) dialog: You didn’t help her, Charlie. You only made things worse by not calling the police. You have to tell The Sheriff about this.
61) 22) dialog: She could hurt herself. If she’s out there and sick and needs help, I wanna help her.
66) 0) text: The Golds, Casey and Leanne await in a hallway outside th examination room. The Golds sit on a bench, grasping each others hands tight as Casey and Leanne pace back and fort the cold hard floor. Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis exit the exam room, catchi everyone’s attention. Mr. Gold quickly stands and approaches The Sheriff.
80) 0) text: The Golds, Casey and Leanne await patiently in a waiting for Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis. The same as before: Casey and Leanne pacing on the floor, The Golds awaiting bench. Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis exit the coroner’s offic Mr. Gold stands and approaches Sheriff Patterson.