10) 7) dialog: Hello?
11) 0) text: Darcy sits across from her boss ALICIA NEWMAN (50s) a ver attractive but somewhat frigid woman. She is the creator executive producer of вЂњBeverly ManorвЂќ. One of the top dramas of the last ten years. She is a very important wom and she knows it.
11) 2) dialog: What is it you wanna talk about?
11) 4) dialog: I donвЂ™t understand. DidnвЂ™t we kill her off?
11) 6) dialog: I know. It takes time for any show when they lose a cast member to --
11) 8) dialog: Umm. Sure. (CONTINUED)
11) 12) dialog: Did she say something to you about coming back?
11) 14) dialog: A surprise appearance? But we already wrapped for this season.
11) 18) dialog: I see.
11) 20) dialog: (interrupting) That would mean killing me off.
11) 24) dialog: And how did I know IвЂ™d be running into you today?
11) 26) dialog: I donвЂ™t blush. (CONTINUED)
11) 30) dialog: IвЂ™m having a hot flash. Now excuse me. I have ice cream melting.
11) 32) dialog: I have.
11) 34) dialog: I haven't. Darcy passes Michael and continues up.
11) 36) dialog: I know where you live. Darcy disappears around a corner, out of sight. INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT - DUSK The BRIGHT SUN peaks itself through DarcyвЂ™s blinds and her living room. Darcy is sprawled out on the couch, asleep. On the table front of her sits a GIN AND TONIC and a half-empty bottle Her PHONE RINGS. This startles Darcy, causing her to jump She lets the phone ring, eventually letting the answering Machine pick it up.
11) 38) dialog: Hi, mom. (CONTINUED)
11) 42) dialog: I was. So whatвЂ™s up?
11) 44) dialog: Oh, man. What time is it? She checks her watch and grabs her head in pain from sitt up too fast. A beat.
11) 46) dialog: Nothing. I have a headache.
11) 48) dialog: I donвЂ™t know. IвЂ™ve kind of had a bad day.
11) 50) dialog: ItвЂ™s a long, complicated story. One I really donвЂ™t wanna get into right now.
11) 55) dialog: Yeah. Okay, Mom.
12) 0) text: The GoldвЂ™s upper middle class home. Darcy definitely en a comfortable but humble childhood.
13) 0) text: Darcy and her two parents HENRY GOLD (50s) and SHARON GOL (50s) sit at the dinner table devouring a large home-cook meal. Fried chicken, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, et
13) 2) dialog: I do. I guess.
13) 9) dialog: No. I guess IвЂ™m just not that hungry.
14) 0) text: Darcy continues to cry as she slowly walks through the hallway headed to her apartment. INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT Darcy enters -- shuts the door behind her. She rests her back against the door, slowly sliding to the floor and balling like crazy. INT. MICHAELвЂ™S APARTMENT - MINUTES LATER Michael is in bed, asleep. He hears a LOUD KNOCKING comin from the other room. He quickly gets up, tosses on a robe and continues to the door. He answers and is in shock to DARCY standing before him. Her makeup is a mess from crying. She stands silent and still. Michael finally breaks the silence.
14) 5) dialog: Did I wake you?
14) 7) dialog: Nothing. I just wanted to talk.
14) 9) dialog: Umm...do you wanna get out of here? Maybe go somewhere this weekend? cur TO: INT. CASEY AND LEANNEвЂ™S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
15) 0) text: DarcyвЂ™s S.U.V. barrels down the empty highway. Surround BRIGHT RED LANDSCAPE. In the b.g., we hear LOUD MUSIC PLAYING from the interior of the truck. INT. S.U.V. Darcy is behind the wheel with Casey up front and Leanne the back.
15) 4) dialog: ItвЂ™s not like that. HeвЂ™s harmless. HeвЂ™s an actor and heвЂ™s new in the building. HeвЂ™s just a little star struck. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
15) 10) dialog: It was a mistake. (to Casey) Why did you even do that?
15) 12) dialog: Maybe itвЂ™s because I know youвЂ™d freak out and call me pretty names like ho-bag and skank.
15) 16) dialog: Or heвЂ™s really lame and desperate. (CONTINUED)
15) 21) dialog: Busted! Now whoвЂ™s the skank?
15) 30) dialog: And how many times exactly did you and Roger go out before he climbed the great peaks of Mount Leanne?
16) 0) text: They approach an old worn down gas station and turn in -- parking in front of one of the pumps. Out steps Darcy and the two girls. Darcy continues into the store.
16) 12) dialog: Same ass holes, different state.
18) 0) text: The three girls sit bellied up at the local bar, doing sh of tequila. Darcy is the ring leader, setting the other two up with another shot.
18) 1) dialog: Raise your glasses. The three girls prepare for a toast. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) HereвЂ™s to Jennifer. For her triumphant, but all too soon return to Beverly Manor.
18) 6) dialog: So maybe it isnвЂ™t the most sincere of toasts. IвЂ™m just trying to bea good sport. (changing the subject) Okay. For real this time. All joking aside. HereвЂ™s to my mother and father, Henry and Sharon Gold. May their love only grow stronger in these very difficult days that lay ahead. Leanne looks over at Casey who returns her stare. They ar both suspicious of DarcyвЂ™s strange rhetoric. The three tap glasses, throw back another shot.
18) 8) dialog: Yes I do. On that note, I think IвЂ™ll have another. Darcy pours herself another shot of Cuervo. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) Are you gonna have one with me or you gonna be a pain in my ass this whole trip? Casey gives up and holds out her glass to Darcy who quick fills it. Leanne turns her attention to the front door and notices COWBOY from earlier. He struts over to the bar and bellie up. The bartender takes his order. (CONTINUED)
18) 14) dialog: Tell him we appreciate it.
18) 16) dialog: Let him pay. Who cares?
18) 18) dialog: He didnвЂ™t hassle you, he hassled me. If I wanna be hassled, thatвЂ™s my problem.
18) 20) dialog: No. YouвЂ™re just drinking too little.
18) 28) dialog: Oh, do we have to? Casey grabs her friend by the arm and pulls her away from cowboy. They continue out of the bar as Leanne follows behind.
18) 29) dialog: (to cowboy) Bye, bye!
19) 0) text: Darcy is puking her guts up in the toilet as Leanne holds hair back. Casey walks in with a few cans of ginger ale. She pours o into a small cup of ice and rests it on a nearby sink.
20) 3) dialog: ThereвЂ™s a diner about a quarter mile up the road. My dad used to stop there all the time for breakfast.
20) 8) dialog: Wait. Go back.
20) 10) dialog: No. Back there in that car. I saw someone. They were bleeding and they werenвЂ™t moving!
20) 12) dialog: I did! And he was bleeding! Look! Somebody could be hurt! Now will you just go back!
20) 15) dialog: ItвЂ™s my truck and IвЂ™m telling you to turn around right now!
20) 18) dialog: Turn around right now or get out of the truck. (CONTINUED)
21) 1) dialog: Wait here.
22) 0) text: Darcy stops and peeks through the rear windshield at the behind the wheel. He isnвЂ™t moving. She continues toward car -- her pace a bit slower and more cautious.
23) 1) text: From the interior of the car, we look up at Darcy as she approaches the passenger side door and peeks inside. She visibly startled by something and steps back a bit.
24) 0) text: Darcy stares back at her two friends. INT. S.U.V. Casey and Leanne both watch as Darcy stares back at them a panicked look in her eyes. (CONTINUED)
25) 1) dialog: He isnвЂ™t moving! IвЂ™m gonna check his pulse! INT. S.U.V. Casey nervously strokes her hair back.
25) 6) dialog: ThereвЂ™s blood all over the place! I think he might be dead!
27) 0) text: Darcy picks up the wallet from the seat. She opens it and notices that it is completely empty. No loose cash, no nothing. Suddenly...THE MAN BEHIND THE WHEEL sits up and strikes Darcy over the head, knocking her backward. He starts the engine and darts off.
28) 2) dialog: The car spins out of the dirt and back onto the main road INT. S.U.V. Leanne also watches in horror as the station wagon speeds down the highway.
29) 0) text: Casey chases after the car on foot as a panicked Darcy sm her hands on the rear windshield and SCREAMS for help. He screams are silent: muffled by the glass.
36) 0) text: Mr. Gold looks into the distance and notices the strange COWBOY -- black cowboy hat and face mask -- on a DIRT BIK sitting at the edge of the motel parking lot. He is revvi his engine and staring back at Mr. Gold. Mr. Gold simply stands in shock, unsure of his next move. only returns the manвЂ™s stare. He is helpless. Mrs. Gold runs to the doorway and notices something taped the door itself. It is a polaroid of Darcy, streaked in blood. Her throat has apparently been slit. Her lifeless eyes staring back at us. Mrs. Gold instantly turning away from the photo, covering her mouth. She vomits slightly, between her fingers, stumbling to the floor in shock. The cowboy speeds off, down the dark highway, kicking up mound of dirt and dust into the air. Mrs. Gold SCREAMS out in horror. Mr. Gold runs back into room, noticing the picture. He also SCREAMS out in agony this gruesome sight. He grabs his wife and holds her tigh as they grieve for their daughter together. Then, the PHO RINGS again. Mr. Gold rushes over to answer.
41) 0) text: DARCYвЂ™S S.U.V. slowly cruises down the quiet street. It the middle of the night. Not a soul in sight. The S.U.v. approaches an alley and stops. (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: We CLOSE ON the skeletal, decomposed remains of DARCY GOL the red desert sand. (CONTINUED)
65) 0) text: Sheriff Patterson stands hovered over DarcyвЂ™s remains w lay on an examination table. Also standing over the body a young FORENSIC EXAMINER who is discussing the condition the body with The Sheriff. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: Mrs. Gold is busy putting away leftover fried chicken and mashed potatoes into tupperware containers. She is cleani up the kitchen after a large family supper. She peaks through the kitchen window and spots her husband and Darc a porch swing outside. DarcyвЂ™s head is rested in her fatherвЂ™s lap as she fin bowl of ice cream. He lovingly strokes her hair back as t continue to swing back and forth. Mrs. Gold smiles at the loving scene. DarcyвЂ™s like a ki again.
72) 2) dialog: When am I ever gonna catch a break, daddy? IвЂ™m on the show one stinkinвЂ™ season and theyвЂ™re already plotting to get rid of me.
72) 4) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry I lied to you and Mom before. I didnвЂ™t know how you guys would take the news.
72) 8) dialog: Thanks, dad. Darcy smiles at her father. She notices that his nose is bleeding. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) Dad? Your nose is bleeding. Darcy quickly sits up. Henry uses his finger to wipe the blood from his nose.
72) 10) dialog: Here. She begins wiping her fatherвЂ™s nose. He snatches the ti from her hand as he begins coughing like crazy. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) Are you okay?
72) 12) dialog: IвЂ™1l get you some water. Darcy jumps from the swing and continues into
72) 15) dialog: Yeah. The simple days. I wouldnвЂ™t mind having those back.
72) 19) dialog: Mom? Has Daddy been doing okay? He doesnвЂ™t look so hot.
72) 21) dialog: Has he been to a doctor?
73) 0) text: Darcy walks in and over to the sink -- begins filling the drinking glass with the cold water. She canвЂ™t help but notice a stack of magazines sitting left of the faucet. On top sits a special medical magazin entitled WHAT EVERY PATIENT NEEDS TO KNOW. She picks up the magazine and begins flipping through it. She spots a page marked SECTION 1: PREPARING FOR YOUR TRANSPLANT. She flips through a few more pages and spots page marked SECTION 2: THE TRANSPLANT PROCESS. Darcy sets the magazine back where she found it. She look up and stares at herself in a side mirror. She opens the side cabinet and spots A PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE. She pulls t bottle from the cabinet and reads the label. It is marked PROPRANOLOL. She also notices a large liquid glass container. A medical label reads LACTULOSE. (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: A FULL SHOT of the home. From a distance, we see DarcyвЂ™ S.U.V approaching the home and pulling into the long driveway. Out steps Darcy. She is carrying with her a manila folder filled with paperwork. We watch Darcy from a distance as she approaches the fron door and rings the doorbell. (CONTINUED)
74) 3) dialog: Exits the front door in tears. She is crying heavily. She continues to her car and gets in. INT. S.U.V. Darcy continues to cry. She quickly begins out of the driveway.
76) 0) text: ANGLE ON the front window. We peek through the glass at T Golds -- both in tears as they watch Darcy storm down the street. INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT BUILDING - PARKING GARAGE - NIGH Darcy pulls her S.U.V. into an empty spot. INT. S.U.V. Darcy shuts off her engine, continues to cry heavily. INT. MICHAELвЂ™S APARTMENT - NIGHT Michael is in bed, sleeping. He suddenly hears a KNOCKING the door. He quickly crawls out of bed and puts ona bathrobe. He continues to the front door and answers. He in shock to see DARCY standing before him.
77) 0) text: Darcy jogging down the sidewalk. Her regular morning routine. As she jogs, we see DarcyвЂ™s thoughts unfold be our eyes.
77) 9) text: Mr. GoldвЂ™s nose begins to bleed. Darcy takes notice.
77) 10) dialog: Your nose is bleeding. Darcy and Mrs. Gold in the kitchen.
77) 11) dialog: Has he been to a doctor?
77) 14) text: Darcy confronts her father at the front door.
77) 15) dialog: I know youвЂ™re sick. I know what medications youвЂ™re taking and I know youвЂ™re looking into a transplant. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
78) 0) text: Mr. Gold is busy throwing a tennis ball back and forth wi his golden retriever. DARCY steps off the back porch, toward her father. She lo tired and miserable. The sound of the back door shutting catches Mr. GoldвЂ™s attention.
78) 2) dialog: Just got here.
78) 4) dialog: Not so good.
78) 8) dialog: ItвЂ™s over.
78) 10) dialog: DonвЂ™t be. The last thing you should be worrying about now is me. IвЂ™ve been enough trouble for you and Mom already. Mr. Gold retrieves the tennis ball from his dog and stare Darcey with concern. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) The truth is if it werenвЂ™t for you, I probably wouldnвЂ™t be alive right now. I know I wouldnвЂ™t. I know sometimes it seems like I donвЂ™t appreciate you guys. But I do. I really do. Mr. Gold is seemingly touched by his daughterвЂ™s sinceri DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) Sometimes I get real angry because...it seems like you wonвЂ™t let me grow up. But IвЂ™m really just angry at myself because I know deep down I could never make it without you. Darcy can no longer hold back the tears. She loses it. DARCY (CONTвЂ™D) And IвЂ™m angry because I never said thank you. Thank you for being there and for being my daddy. It hurts so bad because I wanna help you like you helped me, but I canвЂ™t. Mr. Gold hurries over to his daughter and gives her a gia hug.
78) 14) dialog: (crying) Why didnвЂ™t you tell me?
78) 16) dialog: IвЂ™m sorry. IвЂ™m so sorry, dad.
79) 0) text: Sheriff Patterson, DeSantis and the forensic examiner hov over the supposed remains of Darcy Gold.
79) 5) text: (om) 97. FORENSIC EXAMINER (cont'd) After going through that rehab clinic, IвЂ™m sure they know DarcyвЂ™s drug history real good. ItвЂ™s only a matter of time before they figure out the truth.
81) 0) text: DeSantisвЂ™ car pulls up next to another CAR in the middl nowhere. He steps out and approaches the other car. The driverвЂ™s side door opens and out steps MICHAEL (DarcyвЂ neighbor). He is carrying the BLACK MONEY BAG. He turns t bag upside down and dumps several heavy books onto the ground.
82) 3) dialog: 
83) 0) text: Michael patiently awaits outside of the club at a small l table. He is sipping on a cool drink while he waits for Darcy. A hand touches his shoulder. He turns and notices DESANTIS approaching him from behind He has a seat across from him.
88) 0) text: DeSantis exits and continues to his car. He gets in and pulls out of his driveway in a hurry. Sitting in a parked car down the street and watching closely is MICHAEL. He waits until the detectiveвЂ™s car is invisible, then g out. He struts across the street toward the home. As he approaches the front door, he pulls out a spare KEY that Darcy has given him. He unlocks the front door and walks inside.
94) 0) text: A WOMANвЂ™S HAND hangs up a phone on its receiver. Who is mystery woman? Darcy?
98) 0) text: DeSantis slowly approaches the shower -- pulls back the curtain. There is no one there. He looks at the shower wa and notices large letters made of red lipstick. It says F YOU. A little inside joke between Darcy and DeSantis. DeSantis becomes furious with rage. He runs out of the bathroom, intent on killing Darcy. 114.
102) 4) dialog: I just need you to tell me. How serious is it? Several doctors enter and wheel Mr. GoldвЂ™s bed out of t room.
103) 0) text: The Golds sit on their couch, holding hands. Across from them sits Darcy -- who is anxiously awaiting an answer.
103) 2) dialog: Cirrhosis?
104) 1) dialog: ThatвЂ™s why the nose bleeds?
104) 3) dialog: And youвЂ™re gonna need a liver transplant?
104) 5) dialog: How soon?
104) 7) dialog: Years? Months? Days? What? stare at each other with concern for their
104) 9) dialog: Oh my God.
104) 13) dialog: ThatвЂ™s great, daddy. (CONTINUED)
104) 22) dialog: I donвЂ™t understand. YouвЂ™ve been sober for five months.
104) 24) dialog: Dad, youвЂ™re kidding, right? Please tell me this is one big joke. Mr. Gold sifts through the mail an discovers a letter fro KBS. He tears it open and begins reading.
107) 0) text: The Golds enter the hotel and begin toward the front desk Directly to the left of the front door, sitting patiently a chair and grasping a flower in both hands is DARCY. She overwhelmed at the sight of her parents. A tear falls dow her cheek. She stands and slowly begins walking toward th We stay on the chair. Before we can witness this touching family reunion, we slowly... FADE TO BLACK. (CONTINUED)