9) 32) dialog: What the hell does her mood have to do with anything? She was picked up in broad daylight in front of two witnesses. What’s your problem?
9) 34) dialog: That’s bullshit. That was eight years ago. She was just a kid. I can’t even believe you’re bringing that up now. (to Casey) Please tell him he’s crazy. Casey is awkwardly silent -- refusing to take sides with Leanne. She’s already contemplated this. LEANNE (CONT’D) Casey? Leanne awaits an answer and doesn’t get one. She sits i state of total dismay and utter disgust, folding her arms looking away in protest.
9) 38) dialog: But she didn’t run away! She was kidnapped!
15) 0) text: Darcy’s S.U.V. barrels down the empty highway. Surround BRIGHT RED LANDSCAPE. In the b.g., we hear LOUD MUSIC PLAYING from the interior of the truck. INT. S.U.V. Darcy is behind the wheel with Casey up front and Leanne the back.
15) 1) dialog: So, Darcy. I hear you’re living across the hall from Hannibal Lector. Darcy doesn’t respond. She simply stares over at Casey disgust.
15) 3) dialog: So what’s his problem anyway? Is he, like, leaving dead flowers on your doorstep and writing you poems in his own blood?
15) 7) dialog: Casey said that you said he was stalking you or something.
15) 9) dialog: You slept with him?! You little skank!
15) 11) dialog: Oh, I see. You could tell her you porked some weird stalker guy you barely even know, but you can’t tell me?
15) 13) dialog: Well, I’m sorry, Darcy, but I’m not the one who’s constantly breaking our pact.
15) 15) dialog: Darcey and I decided that the next relationship we were in, we were gonna hold out on our man for at least three months. The idea being that any man that can last three months is in it for more than sex.
15) 19) dialog: Oh. So now I go with desperate guys? Is that it? That the only guy who could possibly be interested in Leanne’s saggin’ tits is some reject who hasn’t been laid in five years? Please, Darcy. Don’t feel the need to spare my feelings or anything. Just come out with it.
15) 22) dialog: Okay. First of all, that wasn’t mine.
15) 24) dialog: If you’d shut up a second, I could tell you, Casey!
15) 29) dialog: (to both) What’re you guys?...like a tag team or something? (to Casey) I’m trying to talk to Darcy for a second. I’m trying to make a point and you’re, like, re-directing everything at me. Getting all in my face.
15) 32) dialog: Yeah, but it was over a span of three months, so that doesn’t count. Darcy and Casey continue laughing at Leanne. LEANNE (CONT’D) It doesn’t count!
16) 2) dialog: What? I’m bored. Nobody said anything for, like, two hours. I was just trying to liven things up a bit. (CONTINUED)
16) 6) dialog: Hey, I’m sorry, but I tell you guys everything and... Leanne stops mid-sentence when she notices a suspicious M (30s) blocking Darcy from entering the convenience store. is being very flirtatious, forcing himself on her. He is typical red-neck cowboy with a full beard, tank-top, dark shades and cowboy hat.
16) 8) dialog: That cowboy won’t let Darcy inside. Casey also turns her attention to the door. The cowboy stands, blocking Darcy from the doorway. Casey begins filling Darcy’s tank, all the while watchi greasy cowboy as he continues to taunt Darcy.
16) 10) dialog: Nice wheels. Casey turns her attention to Darcy who is seemingly upset
18) 5) dialog: Wait. Casey and Darcy stare over at Leanne, waiting. LEANNE (CONT’D) The other day, didn’t you say you wanted to claw this chick’s eyes out and smash her face with a brick? Casey checks with Darcy.
18) 11) dialog: Oh great. Don’t look now. Casey and Darcy notice him sitting down just a few feet a They watch as he whispers something to the bartender. The bartender smiles and approaches the girls.
18) 22) dialog: Do you think we should say something to her? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
18) 26) dialog: Whatever. Can we just go get her and leave? Casey reluctantly takes the job and walks over to Darcy a her dance partner.
19) 0) text: Darcy is puking her guts up in the toilet as Leanne holds hair back. Casey walks in with a few cans of ginger ale. She pours o into a small cup of ice and rests it on a nearby sink.
19) 2) dialog: You wanna turn down her bed. I’m gonna try to move her. Casey steps out -- back into the bedroom. Darcy tosses a more chunks into the commode. Leanne takes a peek inside. LEANNE (CONT’D) God. What is that? (CONTINUED)
20) 1) dialog: My stomach is killing me.
20) 4) dialog: Oh, God. Remind me again why I drink tequila. There’s got to be an easier way to have fun. Darcy looks to her right, quickly taking notice of someth DARCY’S P.O.V. They pass by a mysterious BLUE STATION WAGON sitting on t side of the road. The driver’s side window is down and man’s head sits rested against the side of the door. He isn’t moving. There is BLOOD in the man’s hair and on door. They continue past the car.
20) 13) dialog: I saw something too, Casey. Maybe we should check it out.
24) 0) text: Darcy stares back at her two friends. INT. S.U.V. Casey and Leanne both watch as Darcy stares back at them a panicked look in her eyes. (CONTINUED)
24) 3) dialog: What is it? What do you see?
25) 2) dialog: Now would be a good time to go get her.
25) 4) dialog: Well, you’re closer. Casey smirks at Leanne, shakes her head and steps out. INT./EXT. S.U.V. Casey slowly steps out of the truck and begins toward Dar and the station wagon.
25) 10) dialog: What the hell is she doing?
28) 3) dialog: 
29) 1) dialog: Jumps from the car and yells for Casey to return.
29) 2) dialog: 
29) 5) dialog: 
29) 8) dialog: What the hell!
31) 0) text: Casey and Leanne approach the diner, completely exhausted Casey runs to a pay phone and dials 9-1-1.
36) 28) dialog: The network?
66) 0) text: The Golds, Casey and Leanne await in a hallway outside th examination room. The Golds sit on a bench, grasping each others hands tight as Casey and Leanne pace back and fort the cold hard floor. Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis exit the exam room, catchi everyone’s attention. Mr. Gold quickly stands and approaches The Sheriff.
80) 0) text: The Golds, Casey and Leanne await patiently in a waiting for Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis. The same as before: Casey and Leanne pacing on the floor, The Golds awaiting bench. Sheriff Patterson and DeSantis exit the coroner’s offic Mr. Gold stands and approaches Sheriff Patterson.