11) 22) dialog: Darcy. Darcy SIGHS in frustration -- continuing up the steps tow her neighbor. Michael meets her half-way. His cocky smile ear to ear.
11) 23) dialog: Funny running into you like this. You coming up the steps just as IвЂ™m leaving.
11) 25) dialog: So youвЂ™ve been thinking about me? Darcy fights back a smile and looks away in embarrassment MICHAEL (CONTвЂ™D) YouвЂ™re blushing.
11) 29) dialog: YouвЂ™re red as a beet.
11) 31) dialog: I wonвЂ™t keep you. I was just wondering if youвЂ™d had time to re- think my offer for dinner.
11) 33) dialog: So what did you decide?
11) 35) dialog: Okay. I can see I got you at a bad time. If you change your mind --
14) 0) text: Darcy continues to cry as she slowly walks through the hallway headed to her apartment. INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT Darcy enters -- shuts the door behind her. She rests her back against the door, slowly sliding to the floor and balling like crazy. INT. MICHAELвЂ™S APARTMENT - MINUTES LATER Michael is in bed, asleep. He hears a LOUD KNOCKING comin from the other room. He quickly gets up, tosses on a robe and continues to the door. He answers and is in shock to DARCY standing before him. Her makeup is a mess from crying. She stands silent and still. Michael finally breaks the silence.
14) 1) dialog: ItвЂ™s 11:30. A little late for dinner, donвЂ™t you think? Darcy invites herself inside -- still crying. She begins kissing Michael. He is taken back at first, but doesnвЂ™t her. She takes off his robe and begins kissing his bare chest -- forcing him against a wall as they continue.
76) 0) text: ANGLE ON the front window. We peek through the glass at T Golds -- both in tears as they watch Darcy storm down the street. INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT BUILDING - PARKING GARAGE - NIGH Darcy pulls her S.U.V. into an empty spot. INT. S.U.V. Darcy shuts off her engine, continues to cry heavily. INT. MICHAELвЂ™S APARTMENT - NIGHT Michael is in bed, sleeping. He suddenly hears a KNOCKING the door. He quickly crawls out of bed and puts ona bathrobe. He continues to the front door and answers. He in shock to see DARCY standing before him.
76) 1) dialog: A little late for dinner, arenвЂ™t you? (CONTINUED)
76) 5) dialog: Darcy? There is no answer from the bathroom. MICHAEL (CONTвЂ™D) Hello? Michael realizes sheвЂ™s gone. He grabs his portable phon from a night stand and dials. He rests the phone to his e INT. DARCYвЂ™S APARTMENT вЂ”- MORNING Darcy is dressed for her morning jog. Her look is somewhe between angry and regretful. Her phone begins RINGING -- stopping her on the way out the door. She looks down at the phone, knowing itвЂ™s Michael and pondering whether or not to answer. She decides against a continues out.
81) 0) text: DeSantisвЂ™ car pulls up next to another CAR in the middl nowhere. He steps out and approaches the other car. The driverвЂ™s side door opens and out steps MICHAEL (DarcyвЂ neighbor). He is carrying the BLACK MONEY BAG. He turns t bag upside down and dumps several heavy books onto the ground.
81) 1) dialog: ThatвЂ™s real good thinking, detective. Something tells me you donвЂ™t exactly trust me.
81) 5) dialog: Take it easy. If I wanted to kill you, I wouldвЂ™ve done it back in that alley.
81) 7) dialog: I donвЂ™t believe this. Michael reluctantly turns and places his palms on the hoo the car. DeSantis quickly pats him down for weapons. MICHAEL (CONTвЂ™D) I donвЂ™t have a gun anymore, remember?
81) 9) dialog: IвЂ™ve been doing some thinking about that.
81) 13) dialog: I was thinking, if and when I were to do this, how do I know youвЂ™1ll keep your word and pay me my money?
81) 15) dialog: Then what if I were to tell you to go to hell?
81) 18) dialog: Darcy told me to watch out for you. She said you were tricky. I guess this means weвЂ™re partners again. DeSantis slowly walks over to Michael. He gets in his fac Michael is seemingly intimidated by this.
81) 20) dialog: Whatever you say, detective. DeSantis returns to his car and gets in. He drives off, kicking up the desert sand behind him. Michael watches as DeSantis continues down the desert roa He stands watching -- as the car becomes invisible. (CONTINUED)
82) 0) text: Michael exits an acting workshop after a long session. He continues down a sidewalk and approaches his car, parked against a curb. There is a message waiting under his windshield wiper. He picks it up, reads.
82) 2) dialog: MEET ME AT EL DORADOвЂ™S ON SAN VICENTE, 2 OвЂ™CLOCK,
83) 0) text: Michael patiently awaits outside of the club at a small l table. He is sipping on a cool drink while he waits for Darcy. A hand touches his shoulder. He turns and notices DESANTIS approaching him from behind He has a seat across from him.
83) 2) dialog: You?
83) 4) dialog: What do you want? (CONTINUED)
83) 8) dialog: I was busy.
83) 10) dialog: She came over. She was upset.
83) 12) dialog: Look, I told you everything you need to know. She hasnвЂ™t talked to Internal Affairs and they arenвЂ™t talking to her. WNothingвЂ™s changed. I never lied to you.
83) 14) dialog: Okay. She told me about some money she found at your place. It was right before she broke things off with you. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
83) 22) dialog: What the hellвЂ™re you doing here?
83) 24) dialog: IвЂ™m not interested in any more of your jobs, cop.
83) 26) dialog: What do you want?
83) 28) dialog: HavenвЂ™t seen her, havenвЂ™t talked to her. Now for the last time, what are you doing here?
83) 30) dialog: Why the hell would I do that?
83) 34) dialog: Okay, cop. WhatвЂ™s in it for you?
86) 3) dialog: ItвЂ™s done.
86) 5) dialog: CarlвЂ™s grocery on highway 30. About fifteen miles east of Kanab. DeSantis stands in shock. He cannot bring himself to ask question.
86) 9) dialog: SheвЂ™s real close. I can show you if youвЂ™d like.
88) 0) text: DeSantis exits and continues to his car. He gets in and pulls out of his driveway in a hurry. Sitting in a parked car down the street and watching closely is MICHAEL. He waits until the detectiveвЂ™s car is invisible, then g out. He struts across the street toward the home. As he approaches the front door, he pulls out a spare KEY that Darcy has given him. He unlocks the front door and walks inside.
89) 0) text: Michael walks further into the home and quickly begins searching the premise for the stolen ransom money.
89) 4) text: Michael unfolds the ladder from the attic and begins up. reaches the top and looks inside.
90) 0) text: Michael notices the SILVER BRIEFCASE of money sitting in corner. He grabs it and begins back down the ladder. As h steps off, he notices DESANTIS sitting in a living room chair, holding a gun and resting his arms on the chair. Michael stops in his tracks -- completely taken by surpri
90) 4) dialog: If I tell you, youвЂ™1l kill me.
90) 6) dialog: I can take you to her. I can still do it. I can kill her if you want. DeSantis slowly lowers his gun.
90) 8) dialog: You almost made me piss myself. Tell you what. Let me take a quick leak and weвЂ™ll go do this. DeSantis stares at Michael with apprehension.
91) 0) text: Michael reaches into the back of his pants and pulls out small AUTOMATIC PISTOL. He pulls back the slide, cocking weapon.
93) 0) text: Michael holds a cell phone to his ear and gun in his hand Suddenly, DeSantis kicks in the door and pushes Michael backward. He has Michael in one hand and the large KNIFE the other. He pushes the young thug into the shower door almost shattering it and knocking the phone out of Michae hand. DeSantis drives the knife into MichaelвЂ™s gut -- retract then once more as Michael drops to the floor. He spits up blood onto the cold, hard tile and grabs his gut in pain. DeSantis yanks a hand towel from a nearby rack and tosses to Michael.
95) 0) text: DeSantis hangs up the cell phone. He hovers over Michael with the knife in his hand. A crazed look in his eyes. (CONTINUED)
95) 4) dialog: Fuck you.
100) 0) text: Enter DeSantis. He makes his way to the bathroom. He approaches with caution -- slowly opening the door. Layin presumably dead on the tile is MICHAEL. The gun DeSantis left on the sink is now sitting limp in MichaelвЂ™s hand. There is some blood on his head where Michael shot himself. DeSantis pulls a cell phone from his pocket and dials a number. He briefly turns his back on Michael.
100) 2) dialog: Notices the gun clip on the living room floor and quickly attempts to stand. (CONTINUED)
100) 6) dialog: Reaches out his arm, attempting to retrieve the bullets.
100) 8) dialog: Is finally able to grab the GUN CLIP and place it into hi weapon. He reaches up and points his weapon at
101) 0) text: A LONG SHOT of the home. We hear the faint sounds of TWO GUNSHOTS going off simultaneously. DeSantis and Michael h presumably killed each other. cuT TO: