16) 1) text: Ramsey, Merivale, Danny, Willie, MacDonald, Ashley-Pitt, Sedgwick, Griffiths, Cavendish, and Hendley and Bartlett.
16) 47) dialog: But where the hell are we going to hide the dirt? That's going to amount to about thirty tons.
19) 2) text: enter to join Bartlett, Ashley-Pitt (the lookout at the window), and a few others. The small tin can filled with pecsles, hanging om a string, rattles the "all clear". Then Danny moves the stove away from its tiled base. He carefully lifts the base - which now is fitted to a camoufleging hinged frame - reveals the foundations made out of cemented broken rubble. ©
40) 19) dialog: Those stupid cooks. Clots, that's what they are! Stupid eareless clots!
43) 8) dialog: and dirt disposal men are lcoking down the shaft.
44) 23) dialog: as Ramsey casually returns to working the ground. Ashley-Pitt stares off after Von Luger.
44) 30) dialog: I have the horrid impression he knows exactly what we're doing.
52) 8) dialog: like a cheshire cat, watches happily as dirt comes out of "Tom" and is funnelled into the carrying bags.
59) 14) dialog: Here's to the Colony! He drains the half glass. Pause. A slight shudder. This is not tan eee gee enng) little warerds but... refills) Oh thanks, old chap! Others are milling about, getting their drinks. Ashley- Pitt wanders over towards Ramsey...
59) 26) dialog: Ashley-Pitt is bending Ramsey's ear. Ramsey is carefully sipping the liquor... token drink.
67) 10) dialog: grim. Stone sober - ashen.
69) 79) dialog: Baldwin and Meade, DFC.
90) 1) text: in it are many slips of paper. Folded neatly. A hand picks one, CAMERA reveals Blythe is holding the slip of paper. Nervously. Men are watching silently, many already have their slip numbers. Behind Blythe are a few more men in lin. The last is Hilts. MacDonald is holding the hat, Ashley-ristt beside him. Blythe opens the slip of paper, glances at it.
90) 15) dialog: (quietly - to the room) Give your numbers to the Barrack Commander. He'll give you other details when the time comes.
90) 21) dialog: Six-thirty.
90) 23) dialog: Good. That'll give us an extra few minutes to get all the bods in place. (stretches) Think I'll call it a night. (CONTINUED)
153) 2) text: react to the dying siren. The police car is heard stoppin outside. A moment, then the door bursts open and two police officers come in, look about the room. The escapees almost jump out of their skins as they attempt bland interest. The first policeman spots what he is looking for - a telphone - and heads for it. Getting his ‘ number he rattles off a long string of German. This cau @ murmur of excitement among the real Germans in the room A woman sitting next to Merivale turns and speaks to him in German. He nods enthusiastically - not understanding a word she says. As the woman turns back to listen to the policeman on the phone once more, Merivale turns to Ashle Pitt who is sitting next to him, stares at him questionin ly. During this, the policeman waiting at the door, becom ing aware cf Merivale and Ashley-Pitt, regards them . suspiciously. The first policeman hangs up the phone an heads for the door, ealls briskly for his associate to follow. Escapees breathe inaudible sighs of relief.
164) 1) text: Hendley, Blythe, Merivale, Ashley-Pitt and the others wai - nervous - uncertain what is happening.
166) 33) dialog: Danke. - The first policeman notices the W.C., knocks, then tries the door. It ts locked.
172) 1) dialog: sits on his: suitcase in the jammed corridors, grimly tries to sleep. Beyond him, cther escapees try to make themselves inconspicuous. The train begins to slow. Another station.
176) 1) dialog: is. still on the train. A detachment of police moves through the car. They check his identity card, move on. Ashley-Pitt looks out the window of the car, reacts violently to:
176) 3) dialog: goes to the door of the car. Looks off at Bartlett and MacDonald, then at Kuhn, uncertain what to do.
176) 12) dialog: jumps down from the train, hurls himself at Kuhn in a flying rugzer tackle, pole-axes him down, grabs at the gu Violent struggle. Kuhn fires at Ashley-Pitt, misses as AsHKley-Pitt jerks the gun into Kuhn's chest. The gun goes off as SS men try te drag Ashley-Pitt off. In the melee, Ashley-Pitt breaks away --flees down the platform.
176) 15) dialog: “hares down the platform in escape as SS man shouts to the crowds to get out of the way. Exasperated, one of the SS men fires in the air. The crowds scatter. Then he aims at Ashley-Pitt, fires a short burst..
176) 16) dialog: “Slams against the train as the bullets cut him across th back. He staggers on a step or two, collapses, blood streaming frer his mouth. SS men and crowd surround him. Gutteral voices: