16) 1) text: Ramsey, Merivale, Danny, Willie, MacDonald, Ashley-Pitt, Sedgwick, Griffiths, Cavendish, and Hendley and Bartlett.
42) 45) dialog: enters wearily. He pauses by his bunk (the top of a three tierer) then, as always like a prima ballet dancer, he launches himself to his bed, flattens as before, but this time he and the mattresses crash through the bunks te the floor. He lies there momentarily more shocked than stunned. Looks ur at the split bedboards in the bunks, half of which are missing. Across the aisle Ashley-Pitt looks up from his book, heSitates then goes back to his book.
42) 46) text: * Youtre terribly impetuous, Cavendish. .
50) 6) dialog: (tugs at. moustache nervously) | There are a few good moonless days next week. Best time would be next month. No moon on the seventh, eighth or ninth. . ' Bartlett glances off, reacts. The others look cff too.
56) 4) text: approaches. AS his head pokes into a new ante-chamber CAMERA reveals that Willie and Danny and Cavendish are waiting for him. Just enough room for. them.to crouch. The ‘tunnel has ended with finality. An anxious moment while MacDonald checks his calculations. No one speaks. A drip -f perspiration splatters the paper he is working on. At length: (CONTINUED)
56) 12) dialog: Dammit, it does check, but how the hell can we be sure? No theodolite, no nothing. Dammit, we're supposed to be accurate to five feet.
56) 14) dialog: Of course it's up. (exits grumbling to himself) . I'm a bioody fighter pilot not a bioody surveyor. wipes the sweat off, looks at the dirt ceiling.
59) 5) dialog: What the devil?
59) 7) dialog: (stunned) My word! Look?
84) 3) dialog: Je m'appelle Francois Jeville.
84) 5) dialog: Non, Belgique. .
84) 7) dialog: (Gives into his uniform with a flourish, comes out empty-handed) Voila! At least forgery 've promised them on time.
135) 17) dialog: Here we go again, Send them along. ) Sorren hurries out of the washroom as Cavendish goes be
138) 1) dialog: holds the signal rope.
138) 2) dialog: Come on cld boy, hurry up!
141) 1) dialog: ducks back into the tunnel. Desperate whisper:
141) 2) dialog: Jig's up - the bloody goons... He stares up petrified, as the sentry appears in the hole stares cown at them, menaces them with his burp gun.