2) 1) dialog: a Polish RAF officer, chunky, squats on the dirt near the "trip wire" with WILLIE DIX, a young Englishman.
7) 3) text: are near the warning wire under the watchful eyes of the sentries and goonbox men. Danny picks up some dirt, lets the sandy soil dribble through his fingers, shakes his head. ( CONTINUED)
7) 8) dialog: CO Too much sand. Willie is studying the woods beyond the fence.
7) 10) dialog: Over a hundred feet.
7) 12) dialog: Still a long way to dig.
7) 15) dialog: You'd make a good "Big X", Willie.
7) 19) dialog: You think the Gestapo has him?
7) 34) dialog: dive into the next truck, disappear under a camouflage ef branches.
9) 4) text: Danny, watching Strachwitz, speaks in his soft, intense , voice,
9) 5) dialog: As the Coerfeldwebel said, this is only the first day.
16) 1) text: Ramsey, Merivale, Danny, Willie, MacDonald, Ashley-Pitt, Sedgwick, Griffiths, Cavendish, and Hendley and Bartlett.
16) 6) dialog: No good, Cyril. Swil's too sandy.
17) 29) dialog: I've got to have a bag of cement.
17) 31) dialog: Three would be better. ‘Night. The door cleses as softly as it opened.
18) 8) dialog: (sourly) I could certainly use one of those.
19) 2) text: enter to join Bartlett, Ashley-Pitt (the lookout at the window), and a few others. The small tin can filled with pecsles, hanging om a string, rattles the "all clear". Then Danny moves the stove away from its tiled base. He carefully lifts the base - which now is fitted to a camoufleging hinged frame - reveals the foundations made out of cemented broken rubble. ©
19) 5) dialog: We'll keep a fire in the stove so the goons won't feel inclined to move it. (beat) I'll have to have some new tiles. A couple are chipped’ -- we can't take chances.
19) 11) dialog: (grins) Not when you're organized. Suddenly from outside comes the SOUND of hammering, clattering. Bartlett reacts; goes over to the window. EXT. HuT 105 - DAY
19) 15) dialog: Now, you Black Beast! This time I'm going to do you. Once and for all. He takes the crude pickaxe adapted from a baseball bat and a steel spike, and starts hacking at the cemented ‘foundation. After pause, Hendley turns to Bartlett:
36) 31) dialog: stares at the virgin face of the thirty foot deep shaft. Behind him is a small “antechamber" and : crowded into the area are Bartlett, Willie and Sedgwick. Danny and Willie are almost naked and dirt covered. Sedgwick has part of the air pump installed - measures space.
42) 32) dialog: Willie, are you all right, boy? Willie! Willie's face is covered with sand and sweat. He - spits out a mouthful ef dirt, comes back into the : anteroom.
42) 34) dialog: 
45) 4) dialog: lie on the floor of the hut gasping for breath in the horrified silence. Hilts is not a little affected by the near miss, wipes the sand out of his face.
45) 5) dialog: gets up shakily, stares down into the shaft, now almost completely full of loose fine sand, suddenly begins swearing incoherently in Polish, weeping with impotent rage. Willie compassionately tries to comfort. his friend
45) 7) dialog: and a loader burrow forward. The work begins again.
51) 10) text: O Bartlett, MacDonald, Willie, Danny, Hilts and Ives star down av them worriedly. Hilts picks up a little, examines it.
51) 15) dialog: (wearily) Maybe he's committed suicide. I. would.
56) 4) text: approaches. AS his head pokes into a new ante-chamber CAMERA reveals that Willie and Danny and Cavendish are waiting for him. Just enough room for. them.to crouch. The ‘tunnel has ended with finality. An anxious moment while MacDonald checks his calculations. No one speaks. A drip -f perspiration splatters the paper he is working on. At length: (CONTINUED)
56) 13) dialog: Is it up or isn't it?
56) 16) dialog: (a glance at Willie) Seventy two working hours.
67) 6) dialog: paralyzed with misery, Ives totally affected... 2 ard
69) 7) dialog: beside himself with rage. Almost on the verge of an insane attack. The SS guards have their hands on their holstered guns. Only a touch from Willie keeps Danny from gcing beserk. Kuhn strolls on, passes Ives, passes many FOW's. He is looking at Bartlett. . KUHN (continuing) ° Ah, Bartlett. What do you imow about this? Nothing, of course. The tunnel grew itself. of course. But there are ways to find the truth. If it is really important. Bartlett stares back at him, cold, beside himself with frustrated rage. VON LUGER ‘ 321 is joined by Strachwitz who salute smartly.
70) 1) dialog: is digging with controlled ferocity. Behind him Willie is shovelling the dirt into a loading "half-bed".
77) 1) dialog: ducks. down into the ante-room, All the men who were work ing are motionless. Muffled cursing and movements above. A man nervously drops 2 makeshift saw, Seemingly a huge noise. LIveryone holds. his -breath.
89) 8) dialog: All right, Cyril?
89) 10) dialog: (hard put to contain himself) About eishteen inches! AT THE BASE OF THE ESCAPE SHAFT - BARTLETT - 399. and the rest react. Sounds of Danny returning.
89) 12) dialog: Iwenty minutes. 4 Long sence. Then: 2
99) 3) dialog: who stares off, the white of his eyes showing, at the unseen fence. In his shaking hand is a pair of wire cutters.
99) 4) dialog: Willie gasps, ducks down beside him.
99) 6) dialog: -(mumbling - out of himself) This's the chance. I can make it. He makes a move but Willie grabs him back.
99) 12) dialog: (desperately) It's caving in again. I'm buried. I can't see! I'm blind -. I'm blind!
99) 14) dialog: (struggling) Let me out - Let me out! I can't breathe - I'm suffocating...
99) 17) dialog: (sobbing) The tunnel - it's got me, Willie. I can't stand it any more. Not again. Never. I can't - it's just like I'm puried alive every time -- (desperately) It's tonight or never for me, ' Willie. I can't go down that hole again. I-can't. I just can't. Suddenly Willie stares off. .
99) 20) dialog: erawi out. Willie covering Danny. (CONTINUED)
104) 1) dialog: complete fitting bulbs to the end of the wire at the foot of the escape shaft.
104) 5) dialog: I'll be all right. Hilts arrives on his trolley. Puts down extra light bulbs
105) 6) dialog: Let's get out of here.
111) 8) dialog: You - you go, Cyril. (CONTINUED )
111) 13) dialog: I'll come along later.
124) 12) dialog: I can't, Willie. Don't wait. Please. (hard) If you don't - I won't.: Then you'll have stopped my escape. Danny stares at him. Grimly he moves into position. Heavier shakes as he looks at the black hole. Takes hold.
127) 9) dialog: Get on the trolley. We can get dozens our during this. Pass the word!
131) 1) dialog: emerges from the hole.. Bartlett is still there. There's a@ moment pause as they look at each other. Then:
148) 1) text: Lines of helmeted soldiers in full field packs, comb the undergrowth. A distant burst of machine gun fire. CAMERA MOVES to reveal Danny and Willie hiding. They sneak deeper and deeper into the foliage. In the middle distanc a guard starts running - a dim figure fleeing ahead. Burst of machine gun:
148) 3) dialog: hare away. All around there are grim searchers. Dogs bay on the wind.
158) 0) text: THE TRAIN . se 580 passes by - rattles across the bridge. that passes over @ small river. ‘On the road paralleling the tracks, Danny and Willie. trudge along. The sound of approaching motors emerges from. the diminishing sound of the train. Danny and Willie run off the road.
171) 14) text: Strings of barges and other river traffic work up river. The little rowboat goes by them on its way down river. Danny's head is bent as he bends to the oars in a steady long stroke.
171) 16) dialog: (a warning) Willie! (CONTINUED)
171) 23) dialog: When you catch some more! Vaillie puts the fish back down in the bottom of the boat Turns his head to the wind. . EXT. ROAD _- OPEW COUNTRY - DAY - .
178) 1) dialog: are in the tiny boat, soft asleep, in the rushes that border the river bank. SOUND of searchers. Flicks of flashlignts. Danny wakes without moving. A touch and Willie is awake. SOUND of searchers coming nearer. Danny pantomimes - Shall we shove off? Willie shakes his head. They sink deeper into the boat. Flashlights seek. Dim figures. Helmeted soldiers, A bird is flushed suddenir, whirls away with beating wings. A burst of trigger happy machine guns...
179) 9) dialog: Could be goons on board.
179) 11) dialog: Got to. Can't row this out to sea. A shower of garbage descends on them.
179) 16) dialog: Czi pan roscmawa po Polsku? (no answer)
179) 25) dialog: (horrible accent ) Parle vous Francais? No response from the cook.
179) 27) dialog: I don't even know that one. They look off to see a ‘patrol boat approaching. It flies the Reich flag, carries guns mounted forward and is manne ’ py Navy personnel. Danny and Willie exchange glances. A decision. Then Danny looks up at the rail and makes the V for Victory sign. ‘he cook disappears. A moment. later, his head is back with that of another man who grins down and makes the V for Victory sign. A line comes over the side and dangles beside Danny and Willie who grab it and start pulling themselves up.
179) 38) text: es Trottel!! oS . . (a beat) So inen Bloedsinn dass er mich nicht verstehen will. The powerful patrol boat spins on its stern, roars away. The Swedish officer again makes the V for Victory sign after it. This time viciously, meaningfully. He turns to Danny and Willie.