7) 33) text: During all this, IVES, the jockey-sized New Zealander, vaults into the back of the first truck and disappears into the branches.
7) 121) dialog: (as he gets down) Flight Lt. Ives. (CONTINUED)
7) 128) text: turns away from Ives and the others as they exit and goes grimly to the truck under which Hilts is hanging. He orders the driver out with a gesture.and takes his place at the wheel. Then throwing the truck in reverse, backs into the camp, then slams it into gear and races into the tree trunk studded appell area. The others watch in horror as Strachwitz drives the truck across the stumps. Hilts flattens himself upward to his utmost as the stumps go by him by fractions of an inch. But he doesn't let go or ery out. Strachwitz stops the truck for a moment. Underneath the truck, Hilts' face is grim, but he doesn't budge. Strachwitz's face flushes with anger and slamming the truck in gear again he takes off, this time violently careening the truck over the highest stumps. Finally he stops; beaten in his attempt O to make Hilts give in. He gets out and stands by the tr
7) 133) dialog: He gives Strachwitz a loud derisive ‘bird'.
7) 146) text: NEAR COOLER - HILTS AND IVES 4g march forward under guard into the cooler.”
20) 8) dialog: Hilts: (CONTINUED)
20) 14) dialog: (making conversation) What did you do in the States? Play basebali?
20) 16) dialog: (interest) Professional?
20) 18) dialog: What were you studying? Physical Education?
20) 21) dialog: Jockey.
20) 23) dialog: (shouting) Jockey. Dcen't you have them in ie States? Horse racing. Reason I was small enough to be @ tail gunner.
20) 29) dialog: Gausing) Those were the days. Saturday nights in some of those out-country towns. You had to fight the Sheilas off.
20) 31) dialog: Sheilas.
20) 35) dialog: ' Sure. I'd be the man up in front. Like the bit on an augur. ‘Mate - I could really go through the dirt. (pause) Hilts!
20) 40) dialog: Oh, soft sandy dirt like here, Maybe even twenty feet, But it's not the digging, mate, it's. the shoring up and getting the dirt out. And most of ali, hiding the dirt. Hilts comes out of hits reverie, nods his head briskly, drops to the flocr.
25) 9) dialog: You wanted us, sir? Evening, Hilts.
25) 28) dialog: (quick, emotional, desperate) Leok sir, I've been in the bag for three years now, sir, and I'm bloody ciose to being wire happy. It's a biitz-out for me or forget it. It'll work. I know it will. Ramsey looks at Bartiett, after a pause, nods.
28) 4) text: , O Hilts and Ives skuttle out from the shadow of a hut a , silently move to a spot near the fence. Kneeling, they begin digging with controlled speed and a minimum of nois
29) 5) text: 4o. CLOSE 11€ This is the first time we have seen Ives and Hilts in the tunnel. They are barely visible, illuminated only by the light coming down through the air vent. They are in a bad way; sweating and breathing in gasps. Ives scoops wearily with saucepan, passes the dirt back to Hilts. Hilts makes an attempt to put the dirt behind him, can't. He-sags wearily.
29) 6) dialog: (hoarsely) What's up, Yank?
29) 9) dialog: (desperately) But look here, Yank. What aid you do when you tried this before?
30) 8) text: Guards headed by Strachwitz converge on Hilts and ‘Ives,
37) 6) text: Hilts and Ives are leaving the Cooler, entering the Compound.
37) 13) text: stares off - gives alarm... 142 FULL SHOT - GUARDS , 14e stream cookhousewards to put out the fire... .
39) 7) dialog: reverse, head around the barrack, seeking another route.
40) 21) dialog: are helping to put out the last. embers. Hilts goes for a last bucket of water.
44) 47) dialog: Send Danny down some. water. (CONTINUED)
44) 52) dialog: react with horror, fight their way out of the tunnel, out the choking, blinding mass of air-sand in the shaft.
51) 3) dialog: What? Laboriously Ives works his way around to look at the dirt Hilts has just..cut. out, then he anxiously shoves past t the face. Then Slowly he stares back at Hilts horrified.
51) 10) text: O Bartlett, MacDonald, Willie, Danny, Hilts and Ives star down av them worriedly. Hilts picks up a little, examines it.
68) 10) dialog: Ives is strangely different. Not overly noticeable ~ but a weird set to his eyes. Twitch of a face muscle. Brood- ing, half-unconscious stare. His hands mold themselves, almost ebsently. His lips move - no sound...
69) 27) dialog: suddenly snaps. Wire happy. He breaks ranks and races madly for the fence, screaming incoherently...
69) 41) dialog: erumple as the bullets cut them down - pock mark the dirt...