4) 1) text: Strachwitz walks up the steps with Ramsey.
5) 2) dialog: Der Herr Staffel-Kapitaen Ramsey. ©
6) 1) dialog: holds the door open courteously for Ramsey and Posen.
7) 112) text: ay 14. CONTINUED : 4a As the group is halted, Strachwitz walks over to them. Steps directly beside Sedgwick.
7) 113) dialog: Step out? Merivale turns ‘to him,
7) 115) dialog: So?
7) 117) dialog: And vho vouches for you, Major Merivale? He gestures to the guards who move forward.
7) 120) dialog: Your name?
7) 126) dialog: (throws the pitch- fork to guard) Bringt jeden um den ihr findet. The guard begins to prod the branches savagely, making sure no one is there. Ives immediately gives a short - double whistie through his teeth which is a signal “the jig is up" end the others emerge from the. trucks somewha sheepishly. Then:
7) 127) dialog: I will take no action against you now. This is the first day here and there has been much stupidity - and carelessness. His eyes fall on Frick and the other ferrets near him, who shrivel. ia , STRACHWITZ oS (continuing) ! . on both sides. Dismiss. 45. aT TRUCK De , 45 during all of this, Hilts has sneaked to a truck, where he now hangs spread-eagled underneath by his hands and toes hooked into the lower chassis.
7) 128) text: turns away from Ives and the others as they exit and goes grimly to the truck under which Hilts is hanging. He orders the driver out with a gesture.and takes his place at the wheel. Then throwing the truck in reverse, backs into the camp, then slams it into gear and races into the tree trunk studded appell area. The others watch in horror as Strachwitz drives the truck across the stumps. Hilts flattens himself upward to his utmost as the stumps go by him by fractions of an inch. But he doesn't let go or ery out. Strachwitz stops the truck for a moment. Underneath the truck, Hilts' face is grim, but he doesn't budge. Strachwitz's face flushes with anger and slamming the truck in gear again he takes off, this time violently careening the truck over the highest stumps. Finally he stops; beaten in his attempt O to make Hilts give in. He gets out and stands by the tr
7) 134) dialog: reacts, n-ves Ives out of the corner of his eyes, but concentrates on the truck.
7) 138) dialog: Cooler. . ‘Ives goes off after Hilts followed by two sentries. The others watch Strachwitz cautiously. Strachwitz looks them over balefully. Merivale, who has observed ali this with professional interest, moves to Goff.
9) 4) text: Danny, watching Strachwitz, speaks in his soft, intense , voice,
14) 2) text: Bartlett wearily approaches under heavy guard. Strachwitz watches.
30) 8) text: Guards headed by Strachwitz converge on Hilts and ‘Ives,
40) 13) dialog: boxed in near the door as POW's cover his view i of the coverup operation... 7G
44) 22) text: He turns away end meves on. Posen and Strachwitz | follow.
49) 4) text: relaying messages. Strachwitz glaring at.them...
59) 1) dialog: stare off stunned.
60) 5) dialog: and ferrets sneak into the hut under cover, close the door carefully... The hut is empty. Strachwitz signals guard tc be silent and keep away from the windows, then motions them to start a minute search of alli floors...
62) 1) text: is strangely quiet after the roistering tumult, which inside the hut is muted. Strachwitz is near the stove. He looks around angrily. Kramer comes from the shower area.
62) 3) dialog: Noch. eine mal. Es muss hier sein. Nech eine mal! Strachwitz pushes pass to investigate the shower area, wearily Kramer looks around the hut. On the stove coffee is steaming. The aroma tempts him. He forces away his need, once more begins a careful search of the floor area
68) 12) dialog: stands motionless in the doorway looking in...
69) 0) text: ENGINEER AND STRACHWITZ a , 318 Stand at doorway.
69) 8) dialog: (in German) Ready, sir. Von Luger nods, still looking off screen, almost complete covering his disgust of Kuhn. 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329
69) 61) dialog: have their guns at the ready. The SS men look around nervously. While all guns cover the POW's there is the faintest suggestion that von Luger's men are also coverin the SS men. Kuhn notices this too - he controls his absolute fury.
69) 84) dialog: purple with fury. Grabs him:
69) 85) dialog: (furiously) Zum Teufel, Merivale, three men are killed and you still try this stupidity! (grates) Are you insane? (CONTINUED )
69) 90) dialog: (angrily) Cooler! Immediately three guards converge, the Dodger walks off whistling. Strachwitz stares after him: , STRACHWITZ (continuing) (almost to himself ) Gott im Himmel, will they never learn!
78) 0) text: TOILET-Sii0WER - KRAMER - STRACHWITZ 376 make a minute search of the toilet room, knocking cement floors. Then they exit into...
82) 12) dialog: (to Werner - satisfied) 'Raus. They exit. Hendley exhales and wipes the sweat off and gives Blythe the film.
94) 14) dialog: (angrily) Es ist garnichts heir! Dumkopf ! The goon tower returns the shout, faintly. Strachwitz shrugs, goes back to the patrol.
96) 1) dialog: and the other guards are listening. They react too. Grimly. A dog whines, frightened.
110) 3) dialog: stares intc the compound uneasily. Then he shakes off the premonition. :
110) 4) dialog: (angrily - to the guards - in German) Smarten up! You're German soldiers, net gutter rats!
144) 29) dialog: with the other ferrets has not quite completed herding all of the prisoners into line. They are still stalling for time, milling about, pretending confusion. Strachwitz grabs a burp gun from a guard, lays a long burst of pullets just over the heads of a group of the men. Silenc Immediate order as Strachwitz jars in a new clip.