5) 5) dialog: Herein.
6) 8) dialog: is a Prussian Luftwaffe officer. Colonel. Immaculate. Many medal ribbons. Some from World War One. Of an age with Ramsey. He stands near a window. Big desk - peerless. Von Luger returns Ramsey's casual salute punctiliously.
6) 9) dialog: I am Colonel Von Luger, the Commandant, : (politely) Please sit down. Strachwitz stands stiff at attention. Ramsey sits. Posen stands. Von Luger sits behind the desk. On it as a large file. He passes cigarettes. A long silence.
6) 10) dialog: In the past four years the Reich has been forced to spend an enormous amount of time, energy man power and equipment hunting down escaping officer POW's.
6) 14) dialog: I know. The men under your authority have been most successful. (CONTINUED)
6) 21) dialog: (irritably) . Merivale, for example. Caught at Dunkirk. Escaped. Recaptured. Escaped. Recaptured. He even tried to jump out of the train coming here. Seventeen attempted escapes - this is close to insanity.
6) 23) dialog: He was in the First World War -- and he's not even an Air Force Officer.
6) 31) dialog: It is because we expect the orposite that we have brought you here. This camp embodies all we have learned of security measures. We have in effect put all our rotten eggs in one basket and -- believe me, Group Captain -- we intend to watch this basket carefully.
6) 33) dialog: You will not be denied the usual facilities. Sports, a library, a camp theatre. And for gardening, we will entrust you - during the day - with tools. But please -- (a sardonic grin) -- use them for gardening. Devote | your energies to these things. Give ur your hopeless attempts to escape and with intelligent cooperation - we may all sit out the war as comfortably as possible. There is a moment's pause as, he waits for some response from Ramsey, then -- : ° . aren . |
6) 34) dialog: (continuing) Are there any questions?
13) 8) dialog: (to Posen, snaps) Make a note of Herr Kuhn's "suggestion". looks at the key. Posen unlocks the handcuffs.
13) 11) dialog: (after pause) Squadron Leader Bartlett has been...
13) 15) dialog: hard) Escaped Air Force officers are the responsibility. of the Luftwaffe, not the Gestapo. (CONTINUED)
23) 4) dialog: Come, now Group Captain. The chisel is to cut through cement, the tray is to cast a false slab. To cover a tunnel, no?
23) 8) dialog: (snaps to Strachwitz) Test every cement floor in the camp. trachwitz salutes, hurries out.
23) 9) dialog: I'm sorry. You may be uncomfortable, for a week or so.
23) 17) dialog: (grates to Posen) It will be your job to find out! cur TO:
44) 9) dialog: (to Posen) Hauptmann Posen, die wache nat den minutionstrtel nicht im machinengewehr.
44) 12) dialog: Please, gentlemen. Continue. This is merely a routine insepetion. Turning to Ramsey, who is right next to him, he speaks as if he had just seen him. There is a Subtie difference in Von Luger's manner. Although he is cooly polite there seems to be an ambiguous tone to all he says. VON LUGER (continuing) I must say I am surprised with all this activity, Group Captain. Pleased, of course, but surprised. (CONTINUED)
44) 16) dialog: Fliers are gentlemen, not peasants to dig in the earth. So I am surprised.
44) 18) dialog: (after a look at Hilts) Yes. But...flowers. Is it not so?
44) 20) dialog: A good point. . Another beat then begins to exit. He stops near Hilts. VON LUGER ( contdnuing) Fresh soil, Hilts?
44) 32) dialog: heads on inspection, then abruptly changes course to Sorren the "Duty Officer" stooge who sits beside the trash can and Red Cross box. Uneasily Sorren gets up, salutes.
44) 33) dialog: You can check me out now.
44) 35) dialog: Let me have your list. Sorren hesitates, Von Luger's eyes grow flinty. Sonren hands the list over. Von Luger smiles, glances at the list of his guards and ferrets - the times of ~ entry, times of departure. He glances at his watch, enters his own name under "out" and the time, hands the list back. Pleasantly: VON LUGER (continuing) Give my compliments to Group Captain Ramsey. Ask him if I could have a daily copy. It - would be most useful to have an : independent - trustworthy - report on the movements of my men. Nods rolitely, moves the Red cross box into the all clear position, exits. In his nervousness, Sorren almost salutes his eye out.
48) 3) dialog: inspecting...
68) 1) text: The entire complement .of POW's are in appell formation under a lowering sky. Searchlights already. floodlight th massed ranks. Rain drizzles in the miserable half-light. Gloom. Ramsey stands alone in front of the ranks. Von Luger a few paces away, Staring at the ranks. Kuhn and. SS guards are there. The only movement is Kuhn ambling along the front rank... LINES OF POW FACES 31¢ taut with misery.
68) 3) dialog: looks off. Taut, angry. Albeit victorious...
69) 15) dialog: (coldly - in German) We're ready, Herr Kuhn.
69) 43) dialog: appalled - ‘quickly covered.
69) 58) dialog: ashen.
69) 59) dialog: (violent order) HALT! Nicht sheissen! 352 353 354 355 105.
69) 71) dialog: . VON LUGER (continuing) Dismiss! : ‘ He walks away, Strachwitz falling’, into step beside him, heads. for main gate as: (quietiy) Dismiss. But unlike before, instead of streaming away, the men stay where they are. Then slowly move into smaller - groups, watching Hilts enter the cooler - the guards : carrying the bodies back. Undercurrent - waves of anger. ‘Bartlett and Ashley-Pitt converge on Ramsey. Cold, angry, brooding violence. The rain patters. RAMSEY (continuing) I want. a report by senior officers! Eyewitness account. in writing. By tomorrow.
144) 8) dialog: So, you don't want to stay in this camp, eh! COOLER: (shouts at a guard - in German) Get ‘em all into appell? I ONCE. Von Luge~ turns away and hurries toward the compound. Posen shzkes his head angrily, a stream of German...
144) 13) dialog: Cooler, Two guards march this prisoner after Goff. As they do - (CONTINUED)
144) 19) dialog: Cooler. Two guards march this one away, too. Von Luger draws his »xistol.
144) 20) dialog: If there are any more disturbances I will personally shoot two of you. The ranics of prisoners quiet down, their eyes on Von Lug The whole camp is being shoved into appell...
144) 24) dialog: shaking with rage, dangerous, walks along the ranks of men...
144) 25) dialog: You're going to stand there till we find out who's missing. If it takes ten hours! Do you understand? If it takes ten days! Is that clear? If it takes ten years! Do I make myself plain? He comes face to face with Ramsey. A moment, then with @ great effort, Von Luger controls himself.
146) 2) dialog: is erect, motionless. But his face is grey and his eyes ved-rimmed. He reads the slip. His face sags.
146) 3) dialog: (barely audible) Sechs und siebensig?
146) 10) dialog: (clears throat) Dismiss!
146) 13) dialog: and Germans march grimly out of the compound.
187) 26) dialog: is sitting at his desk, looking at a sheet of paper. He does not loox up as Ramsey enters. He does not return his salute. He does nothing except stare at -the paper, - his face sagged.
187) 27) dialog: (almost inaudibly - under great stress) Eleven more of your men are being returned today.
187) 29) dialog: I do not have that information. (pause) I.- I am directed - by higher authority to inform you that - that fifty of your officers were shot while escaping. (CONTINUED )
187) 38) dialog: Yheir - their effects will be returned.
187) 40) dialog: (offers him paper) Here are the names. Of the dead.
187) 42) dialog: None. Ramsey's face closes, VON. LUGER (continuing). They - the higher authority just directs me to inform you that fifty were --
189) 14) dialog: hatless, is coming down the steps of the Headquarters Building his arms behind him, escorted by the Gestapo and SS men. Posen following - white and nervous. The main gate guards half begin to salute, stop appalled as they see. Von Luger's wrists are in handcuffs. At the Gestapo car he stops, looks at Ramsey.