19) 1) text: who have just entered the pool area. JILL BRYAS a cool, aloof beauty (seen in the phoctogza 's) and a very fit leoking man in nis fifties, COLONEL RALPE RENDERSON.
19) 10) dialog: That's righc. They sit down after the nozmal greetings and¢ handshakes. There is an instant atcraction between HAMILTON and SILL, duc for theiz own reasons -- JILL'S suspicion of male motives in this hothouse masculine ghette, anc HAMILTON'S reluctance to let involvemens impede his career -- they fight against ic.
19) 11) dialog: Been listening to your broadcasts. Rather more interesting than your predecessoz. €
19) 14) dialog: Lec's have a érink. He signals a WAITE
19) 15) dialog: all of them) ics all round?
19) 23) dialog: They seem to have a lot of fu. It was all quite droll.
19) 25) dialog: Annoyed the hell our oF ther.
19) 40) dialog: Scop it, you'll have me in tears. (He takes his drink from the waiter). What's this?
19) 42) dialog: This is gin tonic and ice! Gin tonics always have ice, sir.
19) 43) dialog: Gin tonic does not always have ice. Americans always have ice and I am not an Ametican. Gat me another. The WAITER nods, but before he can take the COLONEL'S drink away HAMILTON pointedly takes it off the tray.
19) 46) dialog: Anyone for a swin?
19) 55) dialog: (It's become important) Come along. Just what you need.
19) 57) dialog: Come on then Hamilton, I'll give you a race. HAMILTON looks at him in surprise. COLONEL © You Aussies are supposed to be able TO swim zt. JILL watches him. HAMILTON shrugs and takes of5 his shiz
19) 60) dialog: No sense being half-hearted
19) 62) dialog: (Picking the mocking undertone) Thev have their place.
19) 64) text: AMILTON Locks az JILL, e pocl behind th TERS oo half smiles, ané walks to ea COLONE He looks around to the pair The COLONEL tu
20) 1) dialog: Two laps suit you?
20) 6) text: CLOSE on HEMILTON who puts in extra effort and dziws ahead. The COLONEL now shows veal s s of fatigue. CLOSE on HAMILTON whe notices this. coasts and lets the COLONEL win by a couch, but the relative concicion as they stand up in the water leaves no doubt as to who the fastar man is. JILL and KWAN join them at the poolsice.
20) 12) dialog: (Genuine smile at HAMILTON) Indeed he dic. JILL stares at HAMILTON before turning back to the table.
33) 0) text: COLONEL EENDERSON stands neaz HAMILTON. JILL stands with a group but warches the COLONEL and FAMILTON. She's a distance away.
33) 1) dialog: I've deen noting your seufl. Interesting. SILL meves towards them, KWAN appears from WALLY'S stucy and crosses to them.
33) 3) dialog: Yes. You're still young enough and brave enough to speculate.
33) 12) dialog: That's it I'm afraid. Fifteen minutes to Curlew. . Groans all round. Watches are checked and everyone makes general preparations to Leave.
42) 36) text: COLONEL EENDERSON in full wi crowded reception Toom blast: He precedes an Indonesian servant ¢27 heaped wich Sydney rock cysters. The formally guests greet the sight with oohs and aahs anc scattered applause. marches into the on his b
42) 44) text: A servant opens the door to HAMTLTON. A British Aide advances cn him, a rather disapproving look on his face. HAMILTON offers him a rather crushed looking invitation. INT. RECEPTION ROOM - NIGET 81. Several people attempt to dance to the jig played by the COLONEL, whem an AIDE suddenly claps nis hands for attention. The COLONEL wheezes to a halt.
42) 60) dialog: (V/0)
42) 61) text: Jill! The COLONEL can be seen inside the reception room moving. amongst the remaining guests. JILL stares at HAMILTON chen turns and walks-back towards the house. HAMILTON turms on his heel and stalks of=. She turns in cima to see him cisappearing around the side of the house.
44) 1) text: 85 The COLONEL emezges and hurries towards the car.
44) 2) dialog: What the hell do you think you'r doing! Jill! Ic's seven minutes to surtew! - BAMILTON gums the car, which speeds towards the gates in a4 great clamour of exhaust.
50) 0) text: THE COLONEL stands looking out ot his office wondow to the cool green of the residency garden. JIL watches hin.
50) 2) dialog: About whar?
50) 4) dialog: Ace you in icve with hin? €) |
50) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, it's impossible.
50) 10) dialog: I think you'd better read this. He hands her a document. JILL peruses it, looks az Ai then hands it back.
50) 12) dialog: What ¢o you think? . JTLL nods.
50) 21) dialog: It's a faiz bet most of us are on the P.K.I. death lise.
50) 23) dialog: I'm afraid nor. TE any of this gets out there'll be wholesale panic and I'll have no hope of getting everyone out (pause). I know what you must be feeling, but I don't think they'll crouch the press.
96) 0) text: A erowd has gathered on the main steps including the 5 COLONEL and JILL. ‘They can‘: make our what's happening.