19) 1) text: who have just entered the pool area. JILL BRYAS a cool, aloof beauty (seen in the phoctogza 's) and a very fit leoking man in nis fifties, COLONEL RALPE RENDERSON.
19) 4) text: KWAN reaches the couple, lunges end picks up JTLL aroune the Waist, and as i= to prove the power in hick set shoulders, swings het up and above head. JILL gives a lintie shriek. Sy now, ail male eves are on her.
19) 7) text: g JILL'S waist, acvances with eg 39 CONT'D . 39
19) 39) dialog: Sheep dogs, autumn light and scott misty rain.
19) 58) dialog: 
19) 64) text: AMILTON Locks az JILL, e pocl behind th TERS oo half smiles, ané walks to ea COLONE He looks around to the pair The COLONEL tu
20) 6) text: CLOSE on HEMILTON who puts in extra effort and dziws ahead. The COLONEL now shows veal s s of fatigue. CLOSE on HAMILTON whe notices this. coasts and lets the COLONEL win by a couch, but the relative concicion as they stand up in the water leaves no doubt as to who the fastar man is. JILL and KWAN join them at the poolsice.
20) 7) dialog: Bravo Ralsh! (To HAMILTON). That's the neares= anyone's come to beating hin.
25) 0) text: KWAN'S bumgelow is contrastingly calc. HAMILTON sprawis in 4 rattan chaiz, his woundec Llefc leg propped up on a pile of newspapets BILLY kneels at his Feet dressing the wound. Nostates at several photographs of JILL BRYANT wall. KWAN takes his eyeline.
33) 0) text: COLONEL EENDERSON stands neaz HAMILTON. JILL stands with a group but warches the COLONEL and FAMILTON. She's a distance away.
35) 12) dialog: Not unless he's later than I an. Sorry, I must have got someching mixed up.
35) 14) dialog: Ne, please. LI've interrupted you.
35) 22) dialog: I'll take a cab.
35) 27) dialog: ge
35) 42) dialog: Sorry if 2 offended you abour your famine story last night.
35) 51) dialog: Perhpas you only needed to mention | them once. There is an awkward silence. HAMILTON reaches down to turn on the tadio. He accidentally bumps her knee.
35) 64) dialog: Are you always that generous?
35) 66) dialog: Really?
35) 68) dialog: Be was killed in the waz.
35) 70) dialog: Billy told me. iy
36) 0) text: JILL opens the door and calls "Billy". There is .o vesponse. JILL end HAMILTON walk in and immediately see phoros Of themselves placed side by side om the wall. They're embarrassed. HAMILTCN moves away.
37) 1) text: je at a stall, nondescript bar overlook: he harbour. Ic is a location ¢ without charm in any odrinary sense. The water bustles with crafe and there is a texture of sound from them anc the underlying pulse of che water. Near at hand two Indonesians pley dominoes insice the bar, making a sharp rat-tatcing on the table. On the horizen large ominous black clouds are banking up and there is the occasional distant rumble of thimder, ea guntize. HAMILTON anc JILL are juss a listle drunk, sof edged in the palpable heat.
37) 16) dialog: Ee is a bit. So whac? He's still one = the most interesting people I've ever met.
37) 31) dialog: What about these? She points to the drinks.
39) 1) dialog: Look, I ....
39) 9) dialog: i'm tied up all week. HAMILTON Looks at her keenly. She becomes uneasy.
39) 10) dialog: What would be the point of complicating things now?
40) 3) text: A hand spools the tape fast forward. WIDER to see HAMILTON Searching for the section of his report JILL called “melodramatic”. He finds it and listens for a while, before moving ts the telephone.
41) 0) text: JILL'S flatmate MOIRA sits az a desk writing an aerogry. ame by the light of 2 lamp. The phone rings.
41) 14) dialog: (Smiling) +No. XWAN looks et her closely. He doesn't believe her.
42) 50) dialog: I'm a weekenc guest
42) 61) text: Jill! The COLONEL can be seen inside the reception room moving. amongst the remaining guests. JILL stares at HAMILTON chen turns and walks-back towards the house. HAMILTON turms on his heel and stalks of=. She turns in cima to see him cisappearing around the side of the house.
45) 0) text: They rocker down the Bogor Road. JILL over beside EAMELTON, touching him all over, kissing him on the neck. He grins insanely and hurtles the big carz The radio jangles on some distant station and the night wind blows JILL'S hair, filling the car with its tush. Ahead we see the white spots oF the roe block. HAMILTON glances at his watch. He looks at JILL.
45) 2) text: Get down! JILL slides down in the seat as he gims the car anc the roadblock comes surging to meet then. row of oil drums stretches across the road. SOL rum out waving them down, HAMILTON starts blaring the ts
45) 6) text: horn. JILL watches the white obstacles come speecing nearer, HAMILTON glances at her. She is calm, almost
46) 0) text: MILTON and JILL make love with the intansity and passion of their ride. EXT. KWAN'S BUNGALOW - NIGET 8g KWAN, on his green scooter, comes riding down the deserted street towards his house. He sees the F parked outside, slows down anc stops to look at i He notes the long rent of a buller hole in the trunk, sits a moment, face enigmatic in the shadows, then drives off up the street.
48) 0) text: JILL arrives az work and walks the long | gorricor tO her office. She encounters several staii members whe either avoid her steacy gaze or greet her with exaggerated good himour.
49) 0) text: MOTRA enters the o ce, smiles in a knowing way at STLL. JILL sighs wich relieZ at the sight of her friend.
49) 1) dialog: IT must be mad.
50) 3) dialog: Ti I've embarzassec you.
50) 9) dialog: I'll resign.
50) 15) dialog: Just how imminenc is is Ralph?
51) 0) text: Light rain falls as JILL walks past a squatter settlement beside a canal. For her, the routine stzeect life has taken on an ominous almost stu quality, a man chops up coconuzs ath a large cane knife; a woman spit on the pevement in frouc of her; 3 voices echoin soldiers, AK47 ri i: shoulders, eat brightly coloured ice blocks. JILL walks on oblivious to the rain which has soaked her hair and runs in rivulets down her face.
52) 4) text: JILL doesn't enter bus stands 95 96 97 98 99
53) 0) text: Heavy, soaking tain beats down on KWAN'S bungalow and garden. HAMILTON sits at KWAN'S desk. He wears a bath towel around his waist as he sits bashing at the typewriter, his eyes screwed up agezinst the smoke from his cigarertes. JILL sits back in bed watching him. HAMILTON turns.
53) 7) dialog: Where did you get this? EAMILTON turns to look.
53) 11) dialog: “Suddenly I remembered the at Court When you and I galloped to As we walked our horses up We tuened and gazed at the early levees the Purple Yard. Dragon Tail Sereet green of the Southern Hills. Since we parted, beth of us have been growing old; Anc cur minds have been vexed with many anxious cares; Yer even now I fancy that my ears are full Of the sounded of jade tinkling en your bridle straps." . She finishes readings. During this HAMILTON has turned away, listening. JILL lights her cigaretre. Inhales.
53) 13) dialog: - want you and Billy to get our onesia as quickly as you can.
53) 15) dialog: Ican': tell you, but please go. The Th Exbassy's being evacuated almost immediately.
53) 24) dialog: Forget the story, Guy. Just get ouc.
53) 26) dialog: You'll be the first to go.
80) 37) text: = NIGET isd EAMILTON pushes his way towards JILL in the icver. ; -s and sees him coming and goes to wove away us he catches her by the am, leads her te an alcove.
81) 3) dialog: I'm not worried abour that anymore. We're owt temerrow. She goes to ieave. Ee takes her arn.
81) 5) dialog: Does it really matter?
81) 7) dialog: Good luck, Guy. Yes, i wt She turns and walks away. HAMILTON stancs there desolate, knowing that Le's useless to follow. He turns and leaves the foyer.
96) 0) text: A erowd has gathered on the main steps including the 5 COLONEL and JILL. ‘They can‘: make our what's happening.
98) 0) text: POLICE and SOLDIERS begin to aggressively cisperse the crowd. People ren in all dizecczions. There is a feeling of chaos and hysteria. HAMILTON sees JTL and shours at her. She doesn’t see him and the noise is so loud that she can't possibly hear. The POLICE Vink arms and force the crowd into opposite directions. HAMILTON, cesperate tc 2 to JILL, bursts through the corion, but only gezs a Zew yards before he too is swept back.
99) 0) text: JILL sits on the floor surrounded by dozens of KwAN'S files and photographs. Shots of members of the Wayang Club in happier Says, Sukarno, Ibu and her children, and many shots of herself with HAMILTON. An open bibie lies om the table next wo a pile of film cans. There is a noise outside. JILL reaches for the lamp, switches it efi. She watches as the door is slowly opened and HAMILTON stands silhouetted a moment before calling soltly.
99) 1) dialog: Guy? FAMILTON stands and they stare at each other in silence. .
99) 3) dialog: t dicn'c want them to get his files. ros : S They'd claim he was an agens.
99) 14) text: HAMILTON Looks at JILL