21) 0) text: TIGER LILY, the A.3.S. secretary, hands EAMTLTON a cup of coffee.
21) 3) dialog: He has some troubles with che military. HAMILTON crosses to KUMAR'S desk.
61) 0) text: HAMTLTON slumped in the passenger seat sleeping oF= the efZeccs of his booze and dope session with CURTIS. KUMAR driving, glances across at his "Boss". g EXT. VILLA, TwGu - DAY The car turns into a driveway of an old crumbling villa. Ic's a classic example of Dutch colonial architecture and commands a stimning view o sided terraces and has an old garden of £1 trees and reses set into the side of the hill. . olé servant hurries from the front door followec dy TIGER LILY.
64) 0) text: The aged SERVANT approaches with a tray of drinks which he places at a table where EAMILION and KUMAR sit by the pool. HAMILTON wearing an oid fashioned swimsuit borrowed for the occasion. TIGER LILY looks startingly attractive in a one piece swimsuit as she wanders about on the far side of the pool. The pool izselZ, though once luxurioes, has long been neglected. MAR cakes a drink in an elegant glass, examines it and his surroundings.
64) 26) text: Thick green water. HAMILTON swimming, head tumnin from side to side, searching. Rays of ligne strike down from the surface. HAMILTON CLOSE-UP, peering ahead at something white. TIGER LILY floats, her arms and legs limp, apparently umconscious. HAMILTON swims to her. As he does so, her face rolls over and looks at hin. She smiles widely, then coils herself and shoots upwards for the suriace. HAMILTON follows: TIGER LILY'S legs and torso visible above him, provocatively arched. CLOSE UP on HAMILTON, nearing the surface, when TIGER LILY'S hand reaches down and grips his hair, pushing him under agein. We see from his face that he badly needs air. HAMILTON struggles, her body azchec above him, his face growing contorted, alaznec. He reaches up, seizes the wrist above his head and puts a grin on it. Kez hand less go.
65) 5) dialog: Den't look so fierce. Just a lictle joke.