4) 16) text: There are four of them; WALLY O'SULLIVAN is the ost prominent about three hundred pounds cl hin is perched on &@ stool like a vast gnome, PETZ CURTIS is a lean, blue-ch ned, nasal Canadi an KEVIN cone tail, bal BILLY KWAN | waose heich St at just, un distinction between “shorc" anc"dwe DILLY'S ace is alert and oddiy str neither Chinese nor =
4) 35) dialog: 
4) 43) dialog: (Looking at phoro) - They really are exquisite creatures, Hoom? ‘Lithe, supple, brown. Would you believe I was like that once?
4) 46) dialog: p You're ze right. Towasa't. So © slim. Hew do shey do ic?
4) 48) dialog: No lectures tonight Billy. We come to this ber to be Ezivolous and to forget. Heo? HAMILTON scands at the entrance to the bar looking about. TAN sees hit and his eyes grow alert and focused.
4) 56) dialog: Now, how did our diminutive friend know that?
4) 62) text: , impressive. Wally
4) 72) dialog: I got the impression he was a little piqued at being replaced by someone hall his age, Room?
4) 87) dialog: 
4) 99) dialog: Spoken like a true international. Laughter from the group. WALLY smiles, raises his glass. Welcome to rhe "Wayang Club”. ee ee
5) 6) dialog: (To HAMILTON) Yes, but never a benevolent one. Think of yourself as a goub in an apple and you'll ges some idea of how they feel about you out there. As the INDONESIAN BARTENDER approaches,
5) 8) dialog: And don't wear shorts. The Dutch wore shorts.
5) 11) dialog: And doen't go our after curfew or the military will shoot on si
5) 14) dialog: Indeed, We watch h for an hour then he got nothing to tell us
5) 21) dialog: Me? Heaven forbid. No one knows better than I do that he's a God.
5) 23) dialog: So do I, I've learned off all his names as my act of Zfaich.
5) 25) dialog: Great Leader of the Revolution; Mouthpiece of the Indonesian People; Main Bearer of the People's Sutfaring;
5) 27) dialog: (overlapping) . Supreme Shepherd of the Women's Revolutionary Movement; Father of the Farmers; Mock him all you Like buc....
5) 32) dialog: Supreme Commander of the Mental Revolution.
5) 34) dialog: No one, but the Supreme Leader of the National Association of Football Clubs. The Supreme Boy Scour. Laughter from all bur KWAN.
5) 36) dialog: Not so. Sukarno has claimed all these titles, just as he has re-written the times in which we live. Do you know the name he has given to this year thac we call nineteen sixty ve Anno Domini...
5) 45) dialog: (To CURTIS) What's your diagnosis? Emon?
10) 13) text: his face, WALLY © Looxs tp. Be tips che sczazs over the daleony fer us.
11) 2) text: When HAMILTON reaches the corridor, SURARNO nowhere to be seen and each of the other ava ministers has a igure in limpec-like atten WALLY has the FOREIGN MINISTER completely } oft in an alcove ane. is inte heavy questioning.
15) 23) dialog: The worrying thing, my friend, is that it's well written builshic. And wight here in Dy paper.
15) 26) dialog: 
15) 37) dialog: Pete ...
15) 39) dialog: Brothers, please. No bloodshec in the bar. Ic was a good piece Hamiicon, and even bitter resentment won't prevent te saying so, but Pete has got a poins. Tn this country ....
15) 47) dialog: In this country Hamilton, it is sometimes hard to sort out who is the user and who's being used.
15) 62) text: 33 KWAN, WALLY and CONDON come in with the chorus
16) 0) text: - Cave like. Intense heat. WALLY scofis down food. BILLY, CURTIS, CONDON and HAMZLION aze also there.
16) 13) dialog: Wise choice.
17) 0) text: CURTIS stands on the pavement protesting to WALLY and CONDON.
29) 0) text: A champagne bottle passes over champagne glasses Zilling each WIDEN to show that the pourer i CURTIS, COOK & HAMILTON watch | the inevicable spillage and, rom WALLY, pick up their glasses. cook
29) 2) text: Now come on Wally, what's this all abour?
29) 4) dialog: Gentlemen! I have secured myself m oF Indenesia.
29) 9) dialog: A beachhead of tranquility, a private domain -~ a haven. I have taken a bungalow. There is stumned silence. (Scenes 55, 56 and 57 deleted)
30) 3) text: CURTIS has WALLY, ené—-Pee Cob ee ee Westecn: sec Tare-ese CrTse ss bes. We see the strain on CURTIS' face as he sweats under the load of his encrmous passenger. Startled pedestrians stare at the curious sight, white several CHILDREN give chase.
30) 6) text: CLOSE on half a dozen YOUNG SOLDIERS, who stare at the charade with distaste. CONDON draws alongside the betjak carrying WALLY.
30) 7) dialog: Magnisicent, Where else could one live but this, Eom?
31) 3) text: WALLY'S hovsewer=as Leudly 32 zy 40 guests Eurcpean,
31) 8) dialog: An Australian-Chinese in a pitji cap. Laughter. The party rolls on. HAMILTON stands by the bookshelves talking idly te CONDON buzhe's net teally incerested. His eyes move across the rocon towards JILL who is dancing wich CURTIS. WaLhy inks beer from a vase from which he has removec the <3; ext to him an effeminately handsome Inconesian The parsy rolls on.
32) 0) text: WALLY stands in his study with HADJI. He pours HADIJI a drink and they silently toast one another. WALLY strokes EADSI'S cheek a. tionately. Kwan bursts in the door carrying nis present. He steps dead as he sees what's happening. WALLY stands stock still. WAN places his gi=c on a small table.
32) 7) text: WALLY motions to & to leave. Re does so, closing the deor behind hin
32) 11) dialog: Say something Billy. Ger it off your chest.
32) 13) dialog: I was being watched, in the bar. Ali was keeping a file, and there's nothing they'd like better than to get me our on a morals charge. They don't like the stories I write (pause). Billy. we've known each other since Svdney University days, and we've never really seen eye to eye on anything -- but don't be too quick to judge me over this. Kwan What vou de in private is your ow business Wally.
32) 14) dialog: I've come to love this bloody country you know. I can be uyself here.
32) 17) dialog: We all play our our little charades, Hoom? is's expected of me.
32) 21) dialog: It's not perverse Billy. The Javanese have everything -- intelligence, subtlety, sense of humour. The truth is 1 never want to leave. I belong here now. WALLY sits behind his giant teak desk, staring straigh= ahead, the trace of a tear forming in his eyes.
47) 4) text: WALLY, CURTIS, CONDON sits up az the dar. HAMILTON enters anc moves zés then. They exchange sly grins, >t te cemes, nudge each other, like schoolboys enjo g an imminent practical joke.
47) 20) dialog: Oh dear, I think the boy's in love.
77) 0) text: WALLY, CONDON AND CURTIS share a meal at a side table. They are making mere noise than usual, anc the other customers keep their distance. WALLY holds up a glass to toast CURTIS.
77) 1) dialog: To Mrs Peter Curtis, on the occasion of his promotion to the fleshpots ct Saigon! To Peter!
77) 5) dialog: Billy! We've all been wondering where you've been. Join the ceiebrati
77) 12) dialog: I've never teally agreed with you . nat his people meant much co Sukarno, Billy. The only thing he's wanted to do for the lictle people is to go to ped wich them -- the female ones thaz is. Kwan Low, Furieus) Yes, he does use his pecple as objects cS pleasure, then so do you. Cri vaises his voices)