33) 0) text: The gym is the roughest that we have seen so far. The GUY are already in there working. We find Rocky introducing Adonis (who looks like he just a marathon) to his team: JOE HAND III (50s, Black, Owns t gym), AMIR HAND (20's, Black, Joe’s Son same build as Adonis), MARCEL (60s, HISPANIC, short and stocky, glasses They size Adonis up with excitement. Rocky points to Joe.
34) 0) text: Rocky and Adonis work the hand bags, while Amir, Joe, and Marcel look on. Adonis punches from a flamboyant stance, hands low. Every so many punches, Rocky swings at Adonis’ head with the hand bags. But Adonis ducks and dodges out the way, leaving Rocky just missing him.
34) 3) dialog: Sup Rock? Rocky takes off the hand bags, and hands them to Amir. He subtly leans forward to him.
34) 11) dialog: Call me when this dude is ready to train, man. Amir heads over to the other side of the gym. Rocky pulls Adonis to the other side of the gym.
34) 18) dialog: It’s all good, bro, happens to the best of us. Just keep them jawns up when you roll, like this. Amir shows Adonis what he is talking about. Adonis mirror it.
34) 19) dialog: And I’1l watch the eye.
36) 0) text: Joe, Amir, and Marcel head out, calling it a night. Rocky Adonis are still hard at work. Adonis throws punches at Rocky, who wears focus mitts on each hand, and a body bag
40) 0) text: Adonis squares up with Rocky, who takes him through a complicated series of combinations. Adonis nails them wit pinpoint accuracy. Joe, Amir, Marcel, and Bianca look on.
52) 0) text: Rocky gets ready to head into the showers, towel around h waist. He sits his clothes down on the bench and goes int the shower area. Adonis and Amir come into the locker room, laughing, but exhausted. They go over to their perspective lockers. Ado looks down at Rocky’s coat, hanging on the hook- notices pamphlets sticking out. He picks them up and starts to read them.
70) 11) text: Adonis works out at Joe Hand’s with Amir. Rocky sits ina chair, ringside still bandaged on his neck. Rocky gets hooked up to the chemotherapy machine. Two lar IV's hooked up to his arm. On the other side of the room, Adonis sets up a standing speed bag, and a standing body dummy. He installs a pullup bar in the door jam. Adonis works out, while Rocky receives treatment Adonis helps Rocky, weakened from the chemo session to th van. Adonis lifts weights in the gym. Adonis hauls massive bags of fertilizer in Rocky’s backya Rocky, bed ridden from the treatment, sits in bed, Adonis sits in the chair next to him. They watch tape on Porter. 126 92. Adonis holds Rocky as he vomits into the toilet. Adonis collapses while lifting bags of fertilizer. He sta down on all fours for a beat, then gets back up, and lift it. Rocky, having lost a bit of weight, wearing his hat, body bag, and gloves stands in the ring with Adonis, working h through blinding fast drills. Amir and Joe Hand, stand on either side of Adonis, throwing punches that Adonis parry Adonis jogs through North Philly. Several young black kid come out, and follow him. A group of Dirt bike riders fol suit, popping wheelies as a salute to Adonis. A young kid drives up next to Adonis on a mini- bike. Adonis, nearing the end of his route, takes off at full speed. The kid smashes on the gas. And all of the dirt bikes and ATV’s c up and slow down to keep right along Adonis, who is sprin now. They arrive at the gym and the bikers circle around Adonis, some even shadow box with him, others with each other.
72) 0) text: Adonis, Rocky and their team stand in the boarding gate o the airport. Adonis holds his cellphone to the side of hi face, looking towards the escalator. Joe Hand, Marcel and Amir are preparing to board, looking back at Adonis. Adonis, frustrated, hangs up the phone. He starts to dial again when Rocky touches him on his shoulder.
82) 0) text: Adonis, Apollo shorts and a modest robe rolls his neck, warming up. Rocky, Joe, and Amir sit in chairs behind him
86) 0) text: Rocky finishes the tape on Adonis’ glove. He struggles to tear the roll off... Amir sees this, and jumps in and qui tears it off. Rocky and Adonis lock hands Adonis matches him, and they back and forth like cobras.
90) 0) text: Adonis walks into view slowly, Rocky behind him, slower t we've seen him. His hand rests on Adonis’ shoulder for balance. Joe Hand, Amir, and Marcel walk out as well. The entire c a ball of nerves but they hide it well. Adonis’ INTRO MUS plays. It is the song Bianca made for him.