6) 1) dialog: Do you have to come here after your fights? It’s like you want to rub my nose in it.
6) 3) dialog: It doesn’t matter. Even when you win, you’re losing. (beat) (MORE )
6) 5) dialog: What about the internship?
6) 7) dialog: Have you even talked to him?
6) 9) dialog: Watching our boy.
7) 0) text: ON SCREEN- Walter White, in a desert standoff with member a rival cartel, when... it cuts to credits. Mary Anne and Adonis sit next to each other on the couch. Adonis’ shoes off, his white socks dangling like a toddle
7) 2) dialog: Naw, grandma’s gotta head off to bed... you gonna stay the night?
7) 4) dialog: How's your mom?
7) 6) dialog: Good... that’s good. Adonis stands up, and gives her a big hug. 10 11 MARY ANNE (CONT’D) See you tomorrow? He nods.
11) 0) text: Mary Anne sits on the couch, sipping from a glass, and smiling at the television. ON THE SCREEN- a home video of the Creed family, circa 19
11) 3) dialog: I just got off the phone with him. He told me Wheeler tore you a new one.
11) 5) dialog: Must be your concussion talking.
11) 7) dialog: A woman protects her family. Even from themselves.
11) 9) dialog: You don’t know what you want. Look at your face. (MORE )
11) 11) dialog: I can’t tell you how many times I had to sit up feeding Appolo because his eyelids were swollen shut. Or wiping his ass because he couldn’t move his arms. Apollo gave his life, so you wouldn’t have to do this.
45) 0) text: A HOUSEKEEPER brings the Wall St. Journal to Mary Anne, w eats breakfast at the kitchen island. She opens it up and flips to the front page. We see they have a photo of Adon smiling in an interview, right next to a photo of a young Apollo in an article about the bizarre nature of the upco title fight. Their resemblance is breathtaking. 91 92 93 75.
46) 0) text: Mary Anne wears a smock, and works on something. She take sip from a cup, but her eyes remain on the unseen project
47) 0) text: Mary Anne mounts her project to the wall, revealed to be Adonis’ article in a custom frame. She steps back and adm it. Her eyes scan the wall and fall on something else. INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- KITCHEN 93 Adonis is in the corner making a salad, while Bianca and Rocky meal around in the Kitchen cooking. Bianca checks on a pot bubbling on the stove, while Rocky stirs a pot of tomato sauce.
88) 0) text: Mary-Anne her tumbler next to her on the side table looks at the pay per view broadcast of the match. The Door Bell rings. She opens the door to find Lisa. Who walks straight to the couch and sits down in front of the television. Mary Anne thinks for a beat, then goes and si down next to her.