0) 0) text: Eight men dressed in BLACK SUITS, sit around a table at a breakfast cafe.  They are MR. WHITE, MR. PINK, MR. BLUE,
0) 2) dialog: "Like a Virgin" is all about a girl who digs a guy with a big dick.  The whole song is a metaphor for big dicks.
0) 3) dialog: No it's not.  It's about a girl who is very vulnerable and she's been fucked over a few times. Then she meets some guy who's really sensitive--
0) 4) dialog: --Whoa...whoa...time out Greenbay. Tell that bullshit to the tourists.
0) 7) dialog: It's not about a nice girl who meets a sensitive boy.  Now granted that's what "True Blue" is about, no argument about that.
0) 8) dialog: Which one is "True Blue?"
0) 10) dialog: Look, asshole, I didn't say I ain't heard of it.  All I asked was how does it go?  Excuse me for not being the world's biggest Madonna fan.
0) 11) dialog: I hate Madonna.
0) 12) dialog: I like her early stuff.  You know, "Lucky Star," "Borderline" - but once she got into her "Papa Don't Preach" phase, I don't know, I tuned out.
0) 13) dialog: Hey, fuck all that, I'm making a point here.  You're gonna make me lose my train of thought.
0) 17) dialog: Where was I?
0) 18) dialog: You said "True Blue" was about a nice girl who finds a sensitive fella.  But "Like a Virgin" was a metaphor for big dicks.
0) 19) dialog: Let me tell ya what "Like a Virgin"'s about.  It's about some cooze who's a regular fuck machine. I mean all the time, morning, day, night, afternoon, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick.
0) 20) dialog: How many dicks was that?
0) 22) dialog: Then one day she meets a John Holmes motherfucker, and it's like, whoa baby.  This mother fucker's like Charles Bronson in "The Great Escape."  He's diggin tunnels.  Now she's gettin this serious dick action, she's feelin something she ain't felt since forever.  Pain.
0) 24) dialog: It hurts.  It hurts her.  It shouldn't hurt.  Her pussy should be Bubble-Yum by now.  But when this cat fucks her, it hurts.  It hurts like the first time.  The pain is reminding a fuck machine what is was like to be a virgin. Hence, "Like a Virgin." The fellas crack up.
0) 26) dialog: Fuck you, wrong.  I'm right!  What the fuck do you know about it anyway?  You're still listening to Jerry-fucking-Vale.
0) 39) dialog: Joe, you want me to shoot him for you?
0) 42) dialog: Yeah, it's fuckin great isn't it?
0) 44) dialog: No, I can't.  You know what I heard the other day?  "Heartbeat - It's Lovebeat," by little Tony DeFranco and the DeFranco Family. I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin grade.
0) 46) dialog: You didn't know Vicki Lawrence killed the guy?
0) 48) dialog: They say it in the song.
0) 51) dialog: You know the part in "Gypsies, Tramps and Theives," when she says "Poppa woulda shot his if he knew what he'd done?"  I could never figure out what he did. The table laughs.  The WAITRESS comes over to the table. She has the check, and a pot of coffee.
0) 67) dialog: (laughing)
0) 69) dialog: Do you have any idea what these ladies make?  They make shit.
0) 73) dialog: Our girl was nice.
0) 75) dialog: What's something special, take ya in the kitchen and suck your dick? They all laugh.
0) 77) dialog: Look, I ordered coffee.  Now we've been here a long fuckin time, and she's only filled my cup three times.  When I order coffee,  I want it filled six times.
0) 78) dialog: What if she's too busy?
0) 83) dialog: --It is that too--
0) 85) dialog: So you don't care that they're counting on your tip to live? Mr. White rubs two of his fingers together.
0) 87) dialog: You don't have any idea what you're talking about.  These people bust their ass. This is a hard job.
0) 89) dialog: They work harder than the kids at McDonald's.
0) 91) dialog: These people are taxed on the tips they make.  When you stiff 'em, you cost them money.
0) 92) dialog: Waitressing is the number one occupation for female non-college graduates in this country.  It's the one jab basically any woman can get, and make a living on. The reason is because of tips.
0) 95) dialog: He's convinced me.  Give me my dollar back. Everybody laughs.  Joe's comes back to the table.
0) 97) dialog: Mr. White.
0) 101) dialog: He don't tip.
0) 105) dialog: He don't believe in it.
0) 109) dialog: Nope.
1) 0) text: The Somebody screaming is Mr. Orange.  He lies in the backseat.  He's been SHOT in the stomach.  BLOOD covers both him and the backseat. Mr. White is the Somebody Else.  He's behind the wheel of the getaway car.  He's easily doing 80 mph, dodging in an out of traffic.  Though he's driving for his life, he keeps talking to his wounded passenger in the backseat. They are the only two in the car.
1) 2) dialog: (crying)
1) 5) dialog: No, I'm not!
1) 6) dialog: Ahhhh, so you admit you don't know what you're talking about.  So if you're through giving me your amateur opinion, lie back and listen to the news.  I'm taking you back to the rendezvous, Joe's gonna get you a doctor, the doctor's gonna fix you up, and you're gonna be okay.  Now say it: you're gonna be okay.  Say it: you're gonna be okay! Mr. Orange doesn't respond.  Mr. White starts pounding on the steering wheel.
1) 8) dialog: I'm okay.
2) 0) text: The CAMERA does a 360 around an empty warehouse.  Then th door swings open, and Mr. White carries the bloody body o Mr. Orange inside. Mr. Orange still is MOANING loudly from his bullet hit. Mr. White lays him down upon a mattress on the floor.
2) 2) dialog: Joe.
2) 4) dialog: (yelling)
2) 7) dialog: Larry, I'm so scared, would you please hold me. Mr. White very gently embraces the bloody Mr. Orange. Cradling the young man, Mr. White whispers to him.
2) 9) text: Go ahead and be scared, you've been brave enough for one day.  I want you to just relax now. You're not gonna die, you're gonna be fine.  When Joe gets here, he'll make ya a hundred percent again. Mr. White lays Mr. Orange back down on the mattress.  He' still holding his hand.  Mr. Orange looks up at his friend.
2) 10) dialog: Look, I don't wanna be a fly in the ointment, but if help doesn't come soon, I gotta see a doctor. I don't give a fuck about jail, I just don't wanna die.
2) 12) dialog: I wasn't born yesterday.  I'm hurt, and I'm hurt bad.
2) 14) dialog: Hey, bless your heart for what you're trying to do.  I was panicking for a moment, but I've got my senses back now.  The situation is, I'm shot in the belly.  And without medical attention, I'm gonna die.
2) 16) dialog: Fuck jail!  I don't give a shit about jail.  But I can't die.  You don't have to take me in.  Just drive me up to the front, drop me on the sidewalk.  I'll take care of myself.  I won't tell them anything.  I swear to fucking god, I won't tell 'em anything.  Look in my eyes, look right in my eyes. (Mr. White does)
2) 19) dialog: I'm going to die!   I need a doctor!  I'm begging you, take me to a doctor.
2) 20) text: Mr. Orange lays his head back on the mattress.  Spent fro his outburst, he quietly mutters to himself:
2) 21) dialog: Take me to a doctor, take me to a doctor, please. Suddenly, the warehouse door BURSTS open and Mr. Pink steps inside.
2) 22) dialog: Was that a fucking set-up or what? Mr. Pink sees Mr. Orange on the floor, shot and bloody.
2) 23) dialog: Oh fuck, Orange got tagged. Throughout this scene, we hear Mr. Orange moaning.
2) 25) dialog: Oh that's just fucking great! Where's Brown?
2) 27) dialog: Goddamn, goddamn!  How did he die?
2) 29) dialog: Oh this is bad, this is so bad. (referring to Mr. Orange)
2) 32) dialog: This is so fucked up.  Somebody fucked us big time.
2) 34) dialog: You even doubt it?  I don't think we got set up, I know we got set up!  I mean really, seriously, where did all those cops come from, huh?  One minute they're not there, the next minute they're there.  I didn't hear any sirens.  The alarm went off, okay. Okay, when an alarm goes off, you got an average of four minutes response time.  Unless a patrol car is cruising that street, at that particular moment, you got four minutes before they can realistically respond.  In one minute there were seventeen blue boys out there.  All loaded for bear, all knowing exactly what the fuck they were doing, and they were all just there!  Remember that second wave that showed up in the cars? Those were the ones responding to the alarm.  but those other motherfuckers were already there, they were waiting for us. (pause)
2) 37) dialog: Well, you better start thinking about it.  Cause I, sure as fuck, am thinking about it.  In fact, that's all I'm thinking about.  I came this close to just driving off.  Whoever set us up, knows about this place.  There could've been cops sitting here waiting for me.  For all we know, there's cops, driving fast, on their way here now.
3) 0) text: At the end of the hall is a bathroom.  The bathroom door is partially closed, restricting our view.  Mr. Pink is obscured, but Mr. White is in view.
3) 1) dialog: What the fuck am I doing here?  I felt funny about this job right off.  As soon as I felt it I should said "No thank you", and walked.  But I never fucking listen.  Every time I ever got burned buying weed, I always knew the guy wasn't right.  I just felt it.  But I wanted to believe him. If he's not lyin to me, and it really is Thai stick, then whoa baby.  But it's never Thai stick. and I always said if I felt that way about a job, I'd walk.  And I did, and I didn't, because of fuckin money!
3) 3) dialog: I'm cool.
3) 7) dialog: Why not? The two men light up.
3) 9) dialog: --That's not correct.
3) 11) dialog: The cops didn't show up after the alarm went off.  They didn't show till after Mr. Blonde started shooting everyone.
3) 13) dialog: I'm telling ya, it wasn't that soon.  They didn't let their presence be known until after Mr. Blonde went off.  I'm not sayin they weren't there, I'm sayin they were there.  But they didn't move in till Mr. Blonde became a madman.  That's how I know we were set up.  You can see that, can't you, Mr. White?
3) 15) dialog: --Don't tell me your name, I don't want to know!  I sure as hell ain't gonna tell ya mine.
3) 18) dialog: Shot my way out.  Everybody was shooting, so I just blasted my way outta there.
4) 0) text: Mr. Pink is hauling ass down a busy city sidewalk.  He ha a canvas bag with a shoulder strap in one hand, and a .35 MAGNUM in the other.  If any BYSTANDERS get in his way, h just knocks them down.  We DOLLY at the same speed, right along side of him. FOUR POLICEMEN are running after Mr. Pink.  We DOLLY with them. We DOLLY with a young woman on roller skates.  ROLLERGIRL is plugged into a walkman.  We hear the song she's listening to LOUD over the SOUNDTRACK.  She's twirling an skating backwards to the beat of the song. Rollergirl turns a corner and COLLIDES with Mr. Pink.  Th man and woman CRASH to the ground. Mr. Pink rolls into the street, in front of a moving car that SCREECHES to a stop, narrowly avoiding running over him.
5) 0) text: The CAMERA is in the backseat. A SHOCKED WOMAN is the car's driver.  Mr. Pink pulls himself up from the hood, shakes it off, and points his magnum at the driver.
5) 1) dialog: Get outta the car!  Get the fuck outta the car! The Shocked Woman starts screaming. Mr. Pink tries to open the driver's side door, but it's locked.
5) 2) dialog: Open the fucking door!
6) 0) text: DOLLY with Cops coming up fast. Mr. Pink DRAGS the Shocked Woman out of the car. The Cops reach the corner, guns aimed. Using the car as a shield, Mr. Pink FIRES three shots at the Cops. Everybody HITS the ground, or scatters. Mr. Pink HOPS in the car. Cops FIRE.
7) 0) text: CAMERA in the backseat, Mr. Pink FLOORS it.  SPEEDING dow the street, with the Cops FIRING after him.
8) 0) text: Mr. Pink and Mr. White still talking in the bathroom.
8) 1) dialog: Tagged a couple of cops.  Did you kill anybody?
8) 3) dialog: No real people?
8) 5) dialog: Could you believe Mr. Blonde?
8) 7) dialog: I don't wanna kill anybody.  But if I gotta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way of the other, you're gettin outta my way.
8) 9) dialog: I think he's a sick fuckin maniac! We're awful goddamn lucky he didn't tag us, when he shot up the place.  I came this fucking close-- (hold up two fingers and makes a tiny space between them)
8) 12) dialog: Did ya see what happened to anybody else?
8) 14) dialog: At that point it became every man for himself.  As far as Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue are concerned, I ain't got the foggiest.  Once I got out, I never looked back.
8) 16) dialog: What do I think?  I think the cops caught them, or killed 'em.
8) 18) dialog: Yeah, and that was a fucking miracle.  But if they did get away, where the fuck are they?
8) 20) dialog: Nope.
8) 22) dialog: I got the diamonds.
8) 24) dialog: I got 'em, all right?
8) 26) dialog: No, they're not in the car.  No, I don't have them on me.  Ya wanna go with me and get 'em?  Yes, we can go right now.  But first listen to what I'm telling you. We were fuckin set up!  Somebody is in league with the cops.  We got a Judas in our midst.  And I'm thinkin we should have our fuckin heads examined for waiting around here.
8) 28) dialog: Then where is everybody?  I say the plan became null and void once we found out we got a rat in the house.  We ain't got the slightest fuckin idea what happened to Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue.  They could both be dead or arrested.  They could be sweatin 'em, down at the station house right now.  Yeah they don't know the names, but they can sing about this place. I mean, that could be happening right now.  As we speak, the cops could be in their cars, drivin here this minute.
8) 30) dialog: What?
8) 32) dialog: No shit?
8) 34) dialog: So who's the rat this time?  Mr. Blue?  Mr. Blonde?  Joe?  It's Joe's show, he set this whole thing up.  Maybe he set it up to set it up.
8) 36) dialog: Oh, you and Joe go back a long time.  I known Joe since I was a kid.  But me saying Joe definitely couldn't have done it is ridiculous.  I can say I definitely didn't do it, cause I know what I did or didn't do.  But I can't definitely say that about anybody else, 'cause I don't definitely know.  For all I know, you're the rat.
8) 38) dialog: Now you're using your head. For all we know, he's the rat. Mr. Pink points OFFSCREEN to Mr. Orange.  Mr. White's expression changes.
9) 0) text: They run over to Mr. Orange, who's unconscious.  The CAMERA hovers over the action.  Mr. Pink reaches him first.
9) 1) dialog: Is he dead? Mr. White pushes him out of the way.  He feels the pulse on Mr. Orange's neck.
9) 2) dialog: So, is he dead or what?
9) 4) dialog: So what is it?
9) 6) dialog: He scared the fuckin shit outta me.  I thought he was dead fer sure. Mr. White stands up and walks over to a table.
9) 8) dialog: We can't take him to a hospital.
9) 10) dialog: Well, first things first, staying here's goofy.  We gotta book up.
9) 12) dialog: You gotta idea, spit it out.
9) 14) dialog: Assuming we can trust Joe, how we gonna get in touch with him?  He's supposed to be here, but he ain't, which is making me nervous about being here.  Even if Joe is on the up and up, he's probably not gonna be that happy with us. Joe planned a robbery, but he's got a blood bath on his hands now. Dead cops, dead robbers, dead civilians...Jesus Christ!  I tend to doubt he's gonna have a lot of sympathy for our plight.  If I was him, I'd try and put as much distance between me and this mess an humanly possible.
9) 16) dialog: Well Joe ain't gettin here.  We're on our own.  Now, I don't know a goddamn body who can help him, so if you know somebody, call 'em.
9) 18) dialog: Well, I guess we drop him off at the hospital.  Since he don't know nothin about us, I say it's his decision.
9) 22) dialog: You didn't tell him your name, did ya?
9) 24) dialog: Why!
9) 26) dialog: And what was tellin him your name when you weren't supposed to?
9) 29) dialog: Oh, I don't doubt is was quite beautiful--
9) 31) dialog: One question: Do they have a sheet on you, where you told him you're from?
9) 33) dialog: Well that's that, then.  I mean, I was worried about mug shot possibilities already.  But now he knows: (a) what you look like, (b) what your first name is, (i) where you're from and (d) what your specialty is. They ain't gonna hafta show him a helluva lot of pictures for him to pick you out.  That's it right, you didn't tell him anything else that could narrow down the selection?
9) 35) dialog: We ain't taking him to a hospital.
9) 37) dialog: And I'm very sad about that.  But some fellas are lucky, and some ain't.
9) 39) text: Mr. White and Mr. Pink have a very ungraceful and realistic fight.  They go at each other like a couple of alley cats. As Mr. White SWINGS and PUNCHES, he SCREAMS:
9) 41) dialog: Ya wanna fuck with me?!  You wanna fuck with me?!  I'll show you who you're fuckin with! The two men end up on the floor KICKING and SCRATCHING. Mr. White gets Mr. Pink in a HEADLOCK. Mr. Pink reaches in his jacket for his gun, and pulls it out. Mr. White sees this, immediately lets go of Mr. Pink, and goes for his own weapon. The two men are on the floor, on their knees, with their guns outstretched, aiming at one another.
9) 43) dialog: Fuck you, White!  I didn't create this situation,  I'm just dealin with it.  You're acting like a first-year fuckin thief.  I'm actin like a professional.  They get him, they can get you, they get you, they get closer to me, and that can't happen.  And you, you motherfucker, are looking at me like it's my fault.  I didn't tell him my name.  I didn't tell him where I was from.  I didn't tell him what I knew better than to tell him.  Fuck, fifteen minutes ago, you almost told me your name.  You, buddy, are stuck in a situation you created.  So if you wanna throw bad looks somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror. Mr. Pink lowers his gun and walks towards White.
9) 44) dialog: So if you wanna shoot somebody, put that gun in your mouth and shoot yourself. Then from OFF SCREEN we hear:
10) 0) text: The Voice belongs to the infamous Mr. Blonde. Mr. Blonde sits on a counter, drinking a fast food coke and eating a hot dog.
10) 1) dialog: Mr. Blonde!  You okay?  We thought you might've gotten caught.  What happened? Mr. Blonde doesn't answer, he just hops off the counter and starts walking around the warehouse, checking the place out. He doesn't look at either Mr. Pink or Mr. White, he just eats his hot dog and sips his coke. This is making Pink and White nervous as hell.  But Mr. Pink tries to talk through it. We HANDHOLD follow Mr. Blonde around the warehouse.
10) 2) dialog: Really, how did you get away? Mr. Blonde walks the loft.  Silent.
10) 3) dialog: You saw what happened to me, I found a hole and booked. Silence.
10) 4) dialog: Where's Mr. Blue? Blonde looks in the bathroom.
10) 5) dialog: We were hopin you two would be together. Blonde looks out the window.
10) 6) dialog: That was the big question we had, what happened to Mr. Blue and you? Blonde walks away from the window.
10) 7) dialog: We were worried the cops got ya. Blonde bends down over Mr. Orange.
10) 8) dialog: He got it in the belly.  He's still alive, but won't be for long.
10) 10) dialog: So, talk.
10) 12) dialog: I guarantee we got a rat in the house.
10) 13) dialog: What would ever make you think that?
10) 15) dialog: We don't think this place is safe.
10) 17) dialog: Nobody's going anywhere. Silence takes over the room.  Mr. Blonde stops moving. After a few beats the silence is broken.
10) 20) dialog: Don't take another step, Mr. White. Mr. White explodes, raising his gun and charging towards Mr. Blonde.
10) 22) dialog: (referring to Mr. White)
10) 25) dialog: What're you talkin about?
10) 27) dialog: Fuck 'em, they set off the alarm, they deserve what they got.
10) 29) dialog: You gonna back all day, little doggie, or are you gonna bite?
10) 31) dialog: (slowly)
10) 33) dialog: Both of you two assholes knock it the fuck off and calm down!
10) 36) dialog: Cut the bullshit, we ain't on a fuckin playground! (pause)
10) 40) dialog: Then.  That time has passed. Right now, Mr. Blonde is the only one I completely trust.  He's too fuckin homicidal to be workin with the cops.
10) 42) dialog: Fuck sides!  What we need is a little solidarity here. Somebody's stickin a red hot poker up our asses and we gotta find out whose hand's on the handle.  Now I know I'm no piece of shit... (referring to Mr. White)
10) 43) text: And I'm pretty sure you're a good boy... (referring to Mr. Blonde)
10) 44) text: And I'm fuckin positive you're on the level.  So let's figure out who's the bad guy. Mr. White calms down and puts his gun away. Mr. Blonde returns to the persona we saw at the beginning talking about Madonna.
10) 45) dialog: Well, that was sure exciting. (to Mr. White)
10) 47) text: Okay you guys, follow me. Mr. Blonde hops out of his chair and heads for the door. The other two men just follow him with their eyes.
10) 49) dialog: Down to my car.
10) 51) dialog: It's a surprise. Mr. Blonde walks out.
11) 0) text: Three cars are parked out front.  Mr. Blonde is walking towards the car he drove.  Mr. White and Mr. Pink are walking behind.  The Camera is HANDHELD following behind them.
11) 1) dialog: We still gotta get out of here.
11) 2) dialog: We're gonna sit here and wait.
11) 4) dialog: Nice Guy Eddie.
11) 5) dialog: Nice Guy Eddie?  What makes you think Nice Guy's anywhere but on a plane half way to Costa Rica?
11) 6) dialog: Cause I just talked to him.  He's on his way down here, and nobody's going anywhere till be gets here.
11) 8) dialog: You didn't ask.
11) 10) dialog: Stay put.  Okay, fellas, take a look at the little surprise I brought you. Mr. Blonde opens up the truck of his car.  A handcuffed, uniformed POLICEMAN is curled up inside the trunk.
11) 11) dialog: So while we're waitin for Nice Guy Eddie, what say we have a little fun finding out who the rat is. INSERT: TITLE CARD "MR. BLONDE".
12) 9) text: Good enough, bye. He hangs up the phone, stands, and walks around to the front of the desk. Teddy opens the office door, and TOOTHPICK VIC VEGA walks in. Toothpick Vic Vega is none other than our very own Mr. Blonde.  Vic is dressed in a long black leather seventies style jacket. Joe stands in front of his desk with his arms open. The two men embrace each other.  Teddy leaves, closing th door behind him.
14) 0) text: The Cop is standing in the warehouse with his hands cuffe behind his back.  Mr. White, Mr. Pink and Mr. Blonde surround him and proceed to beat the shit out of him. "Love Grows .." PLAYS over the soundtrack.
16) 3) text: Nice Guy sees Mr. Orange.
16) 6) dialog: We were set up, the cops were waiting for us.
16) 8) dialog: The cops were there waitin for us!
16) 10) dialog: Hey, fuck you man, you weren't there, we were.  And I'm tellin ya, the cops had that store staked out.
16) 12) dialog: What the fuck d'you think we've been askin each other?
16) 14) dialog: I don't know, but somebody did.
16) 16) dialog: Where's Joseph?
16) 18) dialog: (to Mr. White)
16) 27) dialog: Brown's dead, we don't know about Blue.
16) 29) dialog: Well, he's either dead or he's alive or the cops got him or they don't. DOLLY to MEDIUM on the cop.
16) 32) dialog: So he'll tell us who the fuck set us up.
16) 34) dialog: I got a bag.  I stashed it till I could be sure this place wasn't a police station.
16) 36) text: You stay here and babysit Orange and the cop. (referring to Mr. Pink and Mr. White)
16) 41) dialog: (to Eddie)
16) 45) dialog: He seems all right now, but he went crazy in the store.
16) 47) dialog: I told 'em not to touch the alarm. They touched it.  I blew 'em full of holes.  If they hadn't done what I told 'em not it, they'd still be alive.
16) 49) dialog: I don't like alarms.
16) 51) dialog: We were trying to find out what he knew about the set up.
16) 53) text: Look, this is the news.  Blondie, you stay here and take care of them two.  White and Pink come with me, 'cuz if Joe gets here and sees all those fucking cars parked out front, he's going to be as mad at me as he is at you. Eddie, Mr. White and Mr. Pink walk out of the warehouse talking amongst themselves.
17) 0) text: Mr. Blonde closes the door after them.  He then slowly turns his head towards the cop.
17) 1) dialog: Alone at last.
17) 4) dialog: Now where were we?
17) 6) dialog: --Thanks, don't mind if I do.
17) 8) dialog: First off, I don't have a boss. Are you clear about that? He SLAPS the cop's face.
17) 9) dialog: I asked you a question.  Are you clear about that?
17) 11) dialog: Now I'm not gonna bullshit you.  I don't really care about what you know or don't know.  I'm gonna torture you for awhile regardless. Not to get information, but because torturing a cop amuses me. There's nothing you can say, there's nothing you can do. Except pray for death. He puts a piece of tape over the cop's mouth.
17) 12) text: Mr. Blonde walks away from the cop.
17) 13) dialog: Let's see what's on K-BILLY'S "super sounds of the seventies" weekend. He turns on the radio. Stealer's Wheel's hit "Stuck in the Middle with You" PLAY over the speaker. NOTE: This entire sequence is timed to the music. Mr. Blonde slowly walks toward the cop. He opens a large knife. He grabs a chair, places it in front of the cop and sits in it. Mr. Blonde just stares into the cop's/our face, holding the knife, singing along with the song. Then, like a cobra, he LASHES out. A SLASH across the face. The cop/camera moves around wildly. Mr. Blonde just stares into the cop's/our face, singing along with the seventies hit. Then he reaches out and CUTS OFF the cop's/our ear. The cop/camera moves around wildly. Mr. Blonde holds the ear up to the cop/us to see. Mr. Blonde rises, kicking the chair he was sitting on out of the way.
18) 0) text: We follow Mr Blonde as he walks out of the warehouse... ...to his car.  He opens the trunk, pulls out a large can of gasoline. He walks back inside the warehouse...
19) 0) text: ...carrying the can of gas. Mr. Blonde POURS the gasoline all over the cop, who's BEGGING him not to do this. Mr. Blonde just sings along with Stealer's Wheel. Mr. Blonde LIGHTS up a match and, while mouthing:
19) 1) dialog: "Clowns to the left of me, Jokers to the right.  Here I am, stuck in the middle with you." He moves the match up to the cop... ...When a bullet EXPLODES in Mr. Blonde's chest. The HANDHELD camera WHIPS to the right and we see the bloody Mr. Orange FIRING his gun. We cut back and forth between Mr. Blonde taking BULLET HITS and Mr. Orange emptying his weapon. Mr. Blonde FALLS down dead. Mr. Orange crawls to where the cop is, leaving a bloody trail behind him. When he reaches the cop's feet he looks up at him.
19) 2) dialog: (feebly)
19) 5) dialog: Jeffrey what?
19) 7) dialog: Listen to me, Jeffrey Andrews.  I'm a cop.
19) 9) dialog: (surprised)
19) 12) dialog: Freddy Newendyke.
19) 14) dialog: Shit.  I don't remember that at all.
19) 16) text: How do I look? The gun-shot Mr. Orange looks at the kid's GASHED face an the hole in the side of his head where his ear used to be
19) 17) dialog: I don't know what to tell you Jeffrey. Jeffrey starts to weep.
19) 19) dialog: Jeffrey, I need you to hold on. There's officers positioned and waiting to move in a block away.
19) 22) dialog: And I'm dying.  They don't know that.  All they know is they're not to make a move until Joe Cabot shows up.  I was sent undercover to get Cabot.  You heard 'em, they said he's on his way.  Don't pussy out on me now, Jeffrey.  We're just gonna sit here and bleed until Joe Cabot sticks his fuckin head through that door.
20) 0) text: A tough-looking black man named HOLDAWAY, who sports a Malcom X beard, a green Chairman Mao cap with a red star on it, and a military flack jacket, digs into a Denny bacon, cheese and avocado burger.  He sits in a booth all alone.  He's waiting for somebody.  As he waits, he practically empties an entire bottle of ketchup on his french fries, not by mistake either--that's just how he likes it. We see Mr. Orange, now known as FREDDY NEWENDYKE, wearing a high school letterman jacket, enter the coffee shop, spot Holdaway, and head his way.  Holdaway sees Freddy bo towards him with a wide-ass alligator grin plastered across his face. CAMERA DOLLIES FAST down AISLE to MEDIUM SHOT of Holdaway We fear Freddy OFF SCREEN.
34) 0) text: Nice Guy Eddie is behind the wheel.  Mr. Pink is in the passenger seat.  Freddy and Mr. White are in the backseat together.
34) 1) dialog: ...Hey, I know what I'm talkin about, black women ain't the same as white women.
34) 4) dialog: Go ahead and laugh, you know what I mean.  What a while bitch will put up with, a black bitch won't put up with for a minute.  They got a line, and if you cross it, they fuck you up.
34) 7) dialog: I'll make you a bet that those same damn niggers who were showin their ass in public, when their bitches get 'em home, they chill the fuck out.
34) 9) dialog: Yeah, those guys too.
34) 15) dialog: The black Beverly Hills.  I knew this lady from Ladora Heights once. (in a stuck up black female voice)
34) 18) dialog: I was in the sixth grade when that show was on.  I totally dug it. What the fuck was the name of the chick who played Christie Love?
34) 20) dialog: No, it wasn't Pan Grier, Pan Grier was the other one.  Pan Grier made the movies.  Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
34) 21) dialog: What the fuck was that chick's name?  Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin tortured now.
34) 30) dialog: How would you feel if you had to do a handstand every time you took a piss. The car laughs.
36) 0) text: The four men enter the building. At the other end of the warehouse, sitting in chairs, are Mr. Blonde, Mr. Brown, Mr. Blue and Joe Cabot. We shoot this from OVERHEAD, looking down on the men.
36) 16) text: Mr. Brown, Mr. White, Mr. Blonde, Mr. Blue, Mr. Orange, and Mr. Pink.
36) 17) dialog: Why am I Mr. Pink?
36) 19) dialog: Why can't we pick out our own colors?
36) 21) dialog: Yeah, but Mr. Brown?  That's too close to Mr. Shit. Everybody laughs.
36) 22) dialog: Yeah, Mr. Pink sounds like Mr. Pussy.  Tell you what, let me be Mr. Purple.  That sounds good to me, I'm Mr. Purple.
36) 25) dialog: Oh that's really easy for you to say, you're Mr. White.  You gotta cool-sounding name.  So tell me, Mr. White, if you think "Mr. Pink" is no big deal, you wanna trade?
36) 27) dialog: Jesus Christ, Joe.  Fuckin forget it.  This is beneath me.  I'm Mr. Pink, let's move on. CAMERA leaves the team and goes to the blackboard with the layout of the jewelry store on it.
40) 0) text: It's the moment of the robbery.  The alley is empty. In the distance we hear all hell breaking loose.  Guns FIRING, people SHOUTING and SCREAMING, sirens WAILING, glass BREAKING... A car whips around the corner, into the alley. The doors BURST open, Freddy and Mr. White hop out. Freddy opens the driver's side door.  A bloody SCREAMING Mr. Brown FALLS out.
40) 1) dialog: (screaming)
40) 4) dialog: Mr. Orange?  You're Mr. Orange, aren't you? By the time Freddy turns his head back to him, Mr. Brown is dead. Mr. White RUNS up to Freddy.
42) 0) text: Mr. Pink is behind the wheel, Nice Guy Eddie is in the passenger seat going through the satchel with the diamonds.  Mr. White is in the backseat.  The car is SPEEDING back to the garage.
42) 5) dialog: I love this guy.
42) 18) dialog: Goddamnit, will you guys grow up!
42) 22) dialog: (to Mr. White)
43) 0) text: MEDIUM SHOT on the door.  Nice Guy Eddie, Mr. White and Mr. Pink walk through it.  They stop in their tracks. We see what they see.  Mr. Blonde, lying on the ground, shot full of holes.  The cop slumped over in his chair, a bloody mess, Mr. Orange lying at the cop's feet, holding his wound.  Eddie, Mr. White and Mr. Pink walk into the shot.
43) 4) dialog: (very weakly)
43) 10) dialog: Look, Eddie, he was pullin a burn. He was gonna kill the cop and me. And when you guys walked through the door, he was gonna blow you to hell and make off with the diamonds.
43) 13) dialog: (to Eddie)
43) 17) dialog: He's right about the ear, it's hacked off.
43) 19) text: Let me say this out loud, just to get it straight in my mind. According to you, Mr. Blonde was gonna kill you.  Then when we came back, kill us, grab the diamonds, and scram.  That's your story? I'm correct about that, right?
43) 20) dialog: Eddie, you can believe me or not believe me, but it's the truth.  I swear on my mother's eternal soul that's what happened. The CAMERA mover into a C.U. of Nice Guy Eddie. There's a long pause while he rolls over what Mr. Orange has said.  Finally:
43) 23) dialog: Okay, you're right, I'm lying. Even though I'm fuckin dyin I'm not above pullin a fast one.  Get rid of Blonde, we share his split - no, scratch that, I shot him 'cause I didn't like his hair style.  I didn't like his shoes either.  If it has just been his hair, I'd've maybe, maybe I said, let him live.  But hair and footwear together, he's a goner.
43) 35) dialog: What?
43) 37) text: Looking up from the floor at everybody. Joe looks down at Mr. Orange.
43) 39) dialog: I don't have the slightest fuckin idea what you're talkin about.
43) 46) dialog: Mr. Blue's dead?
43) 60) text: of guys ready for violence.  Mr. Pink in the B.G.
43) 61) dialog: C'mon, guys, nobody wants this. We're supposed to me fuckin professionals! Joe raises his head to Mr. White.
43) 69) dialog: Don't shoot! We now hear SIRENS, the SOUNDS of more CARS DRIVING UP, MEN RUNNING to the warehouse. While all this noise is going on, Mr. White tries to stan but FALLS DOWN.  He somehow makes it to where Mr. Orange lies. He lifts Mr. Orange's head, cradling it in his lap and stroking his brow.
43) 71) text: Sorry, kid.  Looks like we're gonna do a little time. Mr. Orange looks up at him and, with even more of an effort:
43) 72) dialog: I'm a cop. Mr. White doesn't say anything, he keeps stroking Orange' brow.
43) 73) dialog: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Mr. White lifts his .45 and places the barrel between Mr. Orange's eyes. The CAMERA MOVES into an EXTREME C.U. of Mr White. The SOUNDS of outside STORM inside.  We don't see anything, but we HEAR a bunch of shotguns COCKING.