21) 0) text: The front and one side of the shop are entirely open to t sidewalk and street. A transparent plastic canopy frames entrance. A STRANGE MAN, 20, stands at the edge of the ca He wears a stained sweatsuit outfit and hums a song, obli Tracy and Mills look together over the piles of fruits an vegetables piled on wooden stands which form tight aisles
21) 7) dialog: Name that tune? Anybody name that tune? Name that tune... The man keeps repeating this, over and over, still ignore
21) 12) dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/ Name that tune? Anybody name that tune?
23) 0) text: Tracy rolls her eyes in amused disappointment. She sighs Mills passes the babbling strange man, comes up to Tracy.
23) 3) dialog: That was the theme from tv's Mod Squad. I'm surprised nobody got that one. The strange man starts humming a new tune. An old man tri get through the aisle where Mills and Tracy are kissing.
23) 4) dialog: (infuriated) Excuse me. Excuse me! http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/
84) 0) text: Big brass lamps hang from the high ceiling. Mahogany chai tables run down the center floor which is bordered by thr levels of balconies. People wander like ants in an ant fa Mills walks, taking it all in. He goes to the circulation Impatient patrons wait in a long line. He watches the bor HEAD LIBRARIAN, female, 64, help an old man at the desk. She opens the old man's books, runs a laser pen over a ba sticker, pushes a few buttons on a computer.
135) 0) text: An ANGRY COP pounds his nightstick on a glass cage. Insid cage sits an oily FAT MAN in front of a wall of sex toys.
135) 1) dialog: Just wait!
135) 3) dialog: Just wait! I'll come out, just wait!
137) 0) text: Mills and Somerset enter. ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES, LOUD. A s light flashes from the ceiling onto TWO AMBULANCE ATTENDA The first attendant places a sheet over a bed, hiding the of a WOMAN with long blonde hair. The second attendant tr examine the pupils of a CRAZED MAN, 55, who sits naked on floor, wrapped in a sheet. A COP holds the crazed man dow
137) 1) dialog: He... he... he made me do it!
137) 4) dialog: He had a gun! He... he made me do it! The sheet is lifted for the detectives. They grimace at w they see. We do not see. Somerset closes his eyes and wal face a wall, shaken. The first attendant replaces the she Mills steps back, takes out his handkerchief and sucks on
137) 5) dialog: He made me do it!
138) 0) text: A polaroid is on a white table. It is the photo Wild Bill to Mills and Somerset. It is a picture of a belt, made wi extra leather straps so it can be worn securely around th groin. It is a strap-on phallus, but there is no plastic http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andre protuberance. w Kevin Walker Instead, there is a metal knife. It is a strap- on butcher's knife. Somerset is seated beside the white table in this white r Mills stands behind him. The crazed man from the lust mur in a chair across the room. The crazed man is crying. The man slides Mills looks at Somerset stand uniforms enter
139) 1) dialog: And... and... and he said... he asked if I was married. And, I could see he had a gun in his hand.
139) 3) dialog: What? What?
139) 5) dialog: She was... she was on the bed. She was just sitting on the bed.
139) 7) dialog: He had a gun. He had a gun, and he made it happen. He made me do it! He made me put it on... that thing. Oh, God... he made me wear it. He had the gun in my mouth. off the chair and hides his face in his hands.
139) 8) dialog: The gun was in my throat. the mirror in the room. s, picks up the Polaroid as two men in white to collect the crazed man from off the floor.