10) 3) dialog: First, let me congratulate you on winning your heats and reaching the hundred meter finals. JUNIOR BEVIL(#7), a sheepish looking twenty year-old ina "PRINCETON UNIVERSITY: warm-up suit, stands next to Deric
10) 8) dialog: Remember, only the first four finishers will have the honor of representing Jamaica in this year's summer games in Seoul. Good luck to you all. Junior turns to Derice with an outstretched hand.
11) 0) text: The full field of runners take their ready positions. CLOSE ON: Yul, Junior and Derice (#6, #7 and #8). Their f are pure concentration as they await the gun. COOLIDGE FIRES HIS STARTER'S PISTOL. The runners are off. Derice and Yul accelerate quickly ou the blocks. Yul takes a slim lead, but Derice digs down a edges ahead of him. Derice and Yul are battling for the lead. Then out of nowhere, Junior surges between them. It's a three way rac 10. There's twenty yards to go. Junior is straining as he tri to pass Derice and Yul. He reaches deep down for somethin extra and his legs go out from under him. THE REST HAPPENS IN SLO-MOTION. Junior's tumbling body go horizontal and we see both Derice and Yul try desperately hurdle Junior's flailing limbs. But it's no use. They eac get tripped. Derice catches an arm, Yul a leg. THE THREE THEM ROLL IN A TUMBLE as the other runners fly past towar the finish line (in fast motion).
17) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A photograph of four bobsledders in a full run pushing their sied. Pull back to reveal Derice with a huge smile on his face. Barrington Coolidge (the official from the Olympics} come out of his office,
17) 1) dialog: You wanted to see me, Derice?
18) 0) text: Barrington Coolidge now sits behind a large desk. Derice stands in front of him. Beat.
18) 2) dialog: And I want to marry Lena Horne...Too bad it ain’t never gonna happen.
18) 4) dialog: Look, Derice, I know you're dis- appointed, but believe me, bob- sledding is not the answer.
18) 6) dialog: ‘Cause we're Jamaicans. We don't compete in any winter sports. Now, stop talking nonsense and face facts...We're runners. We ain't got no business in a bobsled.
18) 8) dialog: Where'd you hear that?
18) 10) dialog: (accusingly) Oh, no. Don't tell me you been down to Chatman Square talkin' to that rascal,
18) 14) dialog: Derice...Don't you go looking for Irving Smuin. But Derice is gone.
18) 15) dialog: (to himself) He's not the man you think he is.
37) 0) text: Coolidge sits behind his desk. Irv stands before him.
37) 1) dialog: Forget it, Smuin...Jamaica has never had a winter sports program and we're not about to start one now.
37) 5) dialog: You know, I knew you were a bit unusval,..But I had no idea you were headed for the bughouse,.
37) 7) dialog: You méan, you're willing to put your fate in the hands of the federation?
37) 9) dialog: Have you forgotten what happened to you in Saporro?
37) 11) dialog: Mr. Smuin, Jamaica has a proud athletic tradition...If you think I'm going to give you money so that you can parade our athletes in front of the world like some kind of freak show, then you got another thing coming.
77) 0) text: Coolidge stares at the photo and shakes his head in embarrassment. 71.
77) 1) dialog: I knew this was a bad idea.
113) 3) dialog: What's the matter?...Can't decide what to listen ta?
113) 5) dialog: Oh, I see...Well then, maybe this will help.
113) 10) dialog: (cat-bird grin) Are you kidding? I was behind them from the start.
114) 3) text: The crowd is now gathered around a GIANT SCREEN TV. Mr. Coolidge aims the remote control at the set as everyone Stares on. But instead of turning the TV on himself, he h the remote to Momma Coffie. Momma Coffie turns the set on everybody cheers. CLOSE ON: The giant screen TV. It shows the following. A TREMENDOUS burst of APPLAUSE and CHEERING as the runner jogs into the stadium with the torch in front of 60,000 SPECTATORS. The opening ceremony for the WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES has beg The center of all the excitement is the PARADE OF NATIONS The FINEST ATHLETES IN THE WORLD emerge from the tunnel wearing their national colors as they wave to the crowd. The Americans, the Chinese, the Czechs, the French, the Germans, the Irish, the Italians... And now the JAMAICANS march out of the tunnel. Irving is popping his buttons. Sanka has his solar-energy smile on. Junior is waving, sure-footed. Yul has an easy air about Derice marches in front, waving the FLAG OF JAMAICA for t first time in a winter Olympics.