19) 0) text: A dark, dingy, smoke~filled enterprise full of society's undesirables. EVERYONE IN THE JOINT IS BLACK EXCEPT FOR O WORN FORTY~FOUR YEAR-OLD WHITE MAN. This is IRVING SMUIN, bobsled great, now bookie. THERE'S A FADED BOBSLEDDING PO ON THE WALL. Irv wears a tattered suit and has a five day growth. An u lit half smoked Tiparillo hangs out of his mouth. When we first see him, he's settling up with a 12 YEAR-OLD GIRL SCOUT. She has a few boxes of cookies with her. The Girl Scout counts off four singles and hands them to Irv.
19) 1) dialog: {counting as she hands the money over) One...Two...Three...Four...Don't stop, kid. Your uncle owes me five.
19) 3) dialog: Look, kid...Let me school you in the ways of bookmaking...You see, it goes like this...Your uncle loses, your uncle pays...Not your uncle loses, your uncle pays some, you buy candy.
19) 6) dialog: Oh, no. You're not pawnin’ that peanut butter crap off on me...I want the mints. He gives her back the peanut butter. She hands him two bo of mints.
19) 7) dialog: Alright, now run along and keep your grades up. Irv goes into a coughing fit. He takes the Tiparillo out his mouth and takes a nice long pull on an asthma inhaler He puts the Tiparillo back in his mouth.
19) 12) dialog: That depends on who's askin’.
21) 0) text: Irv sits at @ table in the back counting crumpled singles Sut of nowhere, Derice's head pops in through the window to Irv.
22) 0) text: Your classic seedy bathroom. There are three stalls, thre urinals and a nasty, old towel roll. Irv comes shuffling and goes into the middle stall. After a beat Derice's voice is heard in the next stall.
22) 2) dialog: What are you, nuts?...I'm takin’ a dump here! Derice and Sanka's heads rise above the wall of their sta They are both looking down on Irv.
22) 5) text: Look, kid, I'm sure you got a terrible problem but ‘A’, I don't bobsied no more and 'B', I don't give a shit. And let me just conclude by saying, if you're both not out of here by the time I finish wiping, your balls are gonna be hanging from my rear~view mirror. Sanka and Derice are out of their stalls and halfway to t door when Derice turns, stops, takes out the envelope and slides it into Irv's stall.
23) 0) text: Sanka stands by the front door ready for a quick exit. De is just outside the bathroom door waiting for Irv. Irv comes out of the bathroom holding the envelope. He an Derice lock eyes.
23) 1) dialog: I wrote that letter twenty years ago...It doesn't mean a thing. He walks past Derice. Derice follows him.
23) 3) dialog: Well, then believe this...I don‘t care who you are, what you want or how many goddamn letters you have...As far as I'm concerned, the word bobsledding does not exist. I don't want to see it. I don't want to coach it, and most of all, I don't want to talk to you about it.
23) 6) dialog: Kid, I could coach you twenty-four hours a day and cry real tears and you still couldn't make it to the Olympics.
23) 8) dialog: You're father was a great athlete.
23) 10) dialog: Will you stop following me!!! Derice jumps in front of him. Derice goes
23) 13) dialog: Alright, kid...I'll take a look. But if you're not everything your father was, I'll drop you so fast you'li get whiplash.
23) 24) dialog: Gentlemen, a bobsled is a simple thing. A HECKLER calls from the darkness.
23) 26) dialog: Basically, what you're lookin’ to do is get your rear ends from the top of an icy chute to the bottom of an icy chute. We now see the new high-tech sleds whipping through bank turns at outrageous speeds.
23) 27) text: You're zigging, you‘re zagging, you're flyin’ through turns so fast your stomach's bouncin' up and down against your chin...You‘ve heard of a slow boat to China?...Well, this is a fast frozen boat to hell! The film now segues into a montage of brutal crashes. San has his hands over his eyes; he can barely watch. IRV (CONT‘D) (pure sarcasm) Now, the one minor drawback to this delightful winter sport is the high speed crash. Always remember, bones do not break in a bobsled...They shatter! The film ends with a huge crash...The lights go on.
23) 28) dialog: So, who wants in? Of the hundreds of athletes, only one remains in the room is Yul Brenner.
23) 29) dialog: Don't panic...We got room for everyone. We hear a hiccup in the back. It's Junior Bevil (dressed a Brooks Brothers mannequin); he gives a little wave.
23) 32) dialog: Team unity, I love it. Yul finally gets a hold of Junior and is about to beat hi senseless when Derice and Sanka jump on Yul‘s back.
23) 42) dialog: Good work...But in case you haven't heard...There's no such thing as a three man bobsled team. CLOSE ON: Derice. He slowly turns his head to Sanka.
24) 1) dialog: Okay...The Clympics are in three months... Yul jumps off the back of a beat up pick-up truck and wav to the driver.
24) 2) dialog: Considering the fact that we don‘t have any SNOW!!!... Junior pulls up to the practice site in his Saab converti
24) 3) dialog: ...I'd say, what you're looking for here is your basic miracle.
25) 0) text: The four boys are lined up in the sand. In the background see the crystal blue waters of the Caribbean. Irv stands before them.
25) 1) dialog: Any questions? Nope. 25.
25) 2) dialog: Then let the games begin. (BOB MARLEY'S UP-TEMPO VERSION OF ‘BUFFALO SOLDIER’ SENDS
25) 6) dialog: Cold weather endurance is vital in building a successful sled team. Irv checks his watch and gestures to the vendor. The vend opens the truck's back door. Slowly, out of the truck comes Sanka's head. His dreads a covered in frost. He does not look happy.
25) 7) dialog: Alright, Junior, you're next. A COACH'S WHISTLE IS HEARD.
26) 6) dialog: Remember, control's the thing...You gotta run fast enough to he fast, but not so fast that you can't get in the sled.
26) 9) dialog: Now!
26) 21) text: How ‘bout I draw a line down the middle of your head so it looks like an ass? Irv stands on the beach watching the four guys argue.
26) 22) dialog: (to himself) Gentlemen, you force me to resort to drastic measures.
26) 24) dialog: Let me tell you a little something about teamwork...It's a pain in the bubkus...But without it, you're just four dumb shmucks in a fancy toboggan. So remember...Stay together.
26) 27) dialog: Let her go, Henry! Just then the team hears a loud angry snort. They turn ar to see with terror, HENRY, the farmer, shooing a savage b into the pasture.
26) 28) dialog: 
28) 0) text: Irv stands by the sled (Sanka's converted push-cart), the boys in front of him.
28) 1) dialog: Gentleman, this is a bobsled, sort of. The boys lock curicusly at the converted cart. IRV (CONT‘D) Now, here's how it's gonna work. Yul, you're gonna be the second middleman. 30. Irv positions Yul where he wants him.
28) 2) dialog: You're strong, you're fast and you dislike Junicr. Irv gives Yul a little wink. Irv goes to Junior.
28) 3) dialog: Junior, you're gonna be the first middle~man. Irv positions Junior right in front of Yul.
28) 4) dialog: You're quick, you're sharp, and you're scared shitless of Yul. Irv gives Junior a little wink.
28) 5) dialog: Sanka, I'm making you the...
28) 7) dialog: (continuing his sentence) The brake-man.
28) 9) dialog: No, you're not...You're the brake- man. The brake~man's your fastest runner...I saw you smoke these guys runnin’ from that bull.
28) 11) dialog: Oh, I dig where you're coming from.
28) 13) dialog: Now, dig where I'm coming from. I'm coming from two gold medals. I'm coming from nine world records in both the two and four men events. I'm coming from twenty years of intense competition against the best athletes in the world! Derice smiles. This is the Irv he was looking for.
28) 15) dialog: You see, Sanka, the driver has to work harder than anyone...He's the first to show up and the last to leave. When his teammates are out drinking beers, he's up in his room studying pictures of the turns...And not only is he responsible for knowing every inch of every course he races, he's also responsible for the lives of the other three people in the sled. Do you want that responsibility?
28) 17) dialog: So do I, Sanka...So do I. CLOSE ON: Derice. His smile is gone. He takes a nice deep breath.
30) 1) dialog: Winning a bobsled race is about one thing...The push start! A respect- able start time is 5.7...If you speedsters can't get your time down to a solid six flat, you gota better chance at becoming a barber shop quartet.
31) 0) text: Irv stands with his stop-watch.
31) 1) dialog: When I yell, "Go!" Start pushing. When I yell, "Jump!" Jump in...Ready, set, GO!
32) 2) dialog: 
32) 6) dialog: dL.
32) 8) dialog: Tomorrow?...We're gonna get it under seven flat today! The boys all roll their eyes.
33) 8) dialog: Alright...That's it. The party's over. I been trainin' you bums for two weeks now and in that entire time, you haven't been able to 'A', stop fighting with each other and ‘B', get your start time under 9.3, which, considering how fast you guys are, is an embarrassment...And now, when. you geally need to suck it up, one of your teammates pulls a no show...Fellas, I'm through wastin' my time with a bunch of goddamn children. Irv starts to walk away.
33) 10) dialog: Get the hang of it?...I seen better efforts from four Flamenco dancers and a wheelbarrow.
33) 12) dialog: (over his shoulder) Bye, bye, Derice.
33) 14) dialog: No more minutes...Get it through your head, kid...You came, you saw, you sucked! Just then we hear a car horn honking. It's Sanka in his Volkswagen. He drives right up the hill and jumps out.
35) 0) text: The camera bounces along following the cart. The cart is really moving. IT FLIES BY IRV WHO CLICKS HIS STOP=WATCH. The sled keeps picking up speed as it jumps the plastic t and continues down the hill. CLOSE ON: A banana cart. The BANANA MAN sees the sled com right for him. CUT BACK to the sled. The boys scream as the imminent imp nears. The Banana man moves his cart in the nick of time. But be the banana cart is a police car with two policemen eating lunch. Food goes everywhere as the sled CRASHES into the police car. The boys spill out and lay there motionless.
36) 5) dialog: 
36) 7) dialog: 5.9...That's a world class start- time. You did it! You did it!! Policeman #2 grabs Irv and spins him around.
36) 9) dialog: I'm their coach!! Derice stares at Irv and smiles. This is just what he's b waiting to hear.
37) 0) text: Coolidge sits behind his desk. Irv stands before him.
37) 2) dialog: I'm not asking for a winter sports program...I just need a lousy twenty-five grand so I can get us tao the Olympics. Beat. 36.
37) 4) dialog: And Dwight D. Eisenhower never Played the saxopnone...What’s that got to do with it?
37) 6) dialog: Hey, Coolidge...hear me out, will ya? In an Olympic year, the bobsied federation holds an event they call the quaiifiers...You finish the course under a given time and to the Satisfaction of the judges, you earn the right to compete in the Olympics.
37) 8) dialog: You got a problem with that?
37) 10) dialog: Give me 4 break, Coolidge...That was twenty years ago.
38) 0) text: Derice sits on a bench waiting as Irv emerges from Coolid office.
38) 2) dialog: Do the words ‘give up‘ mean anything to you?
45) 0) text: Irv, Sanka, and Yul (still in the hat and apron) stand ov Derice's shoulder as he counts up ail the money.
45) 5) dialog: It means we're short about twenty- four thousand seven hundred and forty-five bucks.
45) 7) dialog: Serry, Derice...Looks like this is the end of the line. Junior comes into the garage carrying a small suitcase.
45) 10) dialog: Jesus Christ...How much is it?
45) 21) dialog: Oh, God.
53) 1) dialog: Me and my boys have two rooms booked under the name of Smuin.
53) 3) dialog: These guys aren't the Temptations. They'ré the Jamaican bobsled team. The guys wave, between shivers. The hotel clerk shakes hi head.
56) 0) text: The sun shines on the glorious city of Calgary. Workers a putting up banners and signs, preparing the city for the upcoming Olympics. INT. OLYMPIC HEADQUARTERS — DAY Irv walks the halls looking for the right door. As people walk by him, they whisper, as if they might possibly know him. Irv finally finds his door. The lettering on it reads: ‘T REGISTRATION.' Irv takes a deep breath and goes in the do
57) 0) text: Irv walks up to the front desk. Behind it sits a PLEASANT CANADIAN OFFICIAL.
57) 2) dialog: Yeah...You can help me...I'm here to register the...Jamaican bobsled team,
57) 4) dialog: Irving Smuin.
57) 7) dialog: Don't worry...I know the routine.
57) 9) dialog: I know,
57) 11) dialog: No, I think you've pretty much said it all. Irv turns and heads for the door but just as he’s about t exit, three men enter. 48. 49. The first is KURT HEMPHILL (around 65), Irv’s old coach a now @ World Bobsled Federation official. The other two ar ROGER and LARRY, two members of the current American coac Staff and ex-members of Irv's 1972 four-man team. They are stopped in their tracks by who they see before t Nobody knows what to say. Finally, Irv breaks the ice.
57) 12) dialog: (offers his hand) Roger, Larry...It's been awhile. They shake Irv's hand, Larry a bit reluctantly.
57) 13) dialog: (offers his hand to Kurt) Good to see you, Kurt. Kurt walks by without acknowledging Irv.
57) 14) dialog: (ribbing) Don't tell me you've forgotten all we had. Kurt whips around,
57) 17) dialog: They're all true...Especially the one about the midget and the Gypsy fortune teller. 50.
57) 19) dialog: That's right, Larry, still with the jokes.
57) 21) dialog: (whisper to Roger) I need to talk to you.
57) 23) dialog: Meet me at the bar on the corner in half an hour.
57) 25) dialog: It can't wait.
61) 0) text: Irv and Roger are sequestered in a back table.
61) 2) dialog: I need a sled. Beat. 52.
61) 4) dialog: Look, I got forty-eight hundred American. I just need something competitive.
61) 6) dialog: Alright, a working sled.
61) 8) dialog: A flexible flyer with oomph. Anything!
61) 10) dialog: Hey, Roger, when it was down to you and Morrison for that last goddamn slot on the '68 Chantillly squad and you pleaded with me to talk to Kurt...Did I say, "Sorry, Roger, you know I can't do that?"
61) 11) dialog: You're not gonna make me beg, are you?
61) 13) dialog: Thanks, Roger...You know some- thing...You're a damn nice guy.
61) 16) dialog: (lieing) Not only are they gonna qualify, but they're gonna turn a few heads doin' it...Let me tell you something, three of them run the hundred in nine something flat. And I don't care who you are, that's lightning.
62) 2) dialog: Grip with your toes.
67) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A tarp covering an unknown large object. The camera pans over to the four guys in parkas, hats, an mittens standing shoulder to shoulder in the middle of th frozen lake, their hands covering their eyes. Irv pulls a tarp off the object behind him. It's a bobsled.
67) 1) dialog: Alright, open ‘em. The boys open their eyes; before them is a bobsled. It's beat-up, the paint is peeling, it's way outdated, but it bobsled. The Jamaicans are in awe. They walk slowly towar like four Incas worshipping the sun. They each softly lay hand on their priceless jewel.
67) 2) dialog: I know it isn't state of the art, but...
67) 13) dialog: Oh, God!
67) 18) dialog: What's it mean?
68) 13) dialog: Alright, fellas, this is it...What you've all been waiting for...You boys are about to get your first piece of ass bobsled style? The boys take a nice big gulp. Irv notices that the other bobsledders are watching them.
68) 14) dialog: Climb in.
68) 17) dialog: On this first run, I'll nudge you off.
69) 6) dialog: Everybody, listen up...Don't worry about tryin’ to look good out there...You guys are beginners and that’s nothin' to be embarrassed of. Josef Grool looks on. He whispers something in his buddy' ear and they both crack up.
69) 7) dialog: Remember, bobsledding ain't like other sports...There's no gettin' your feet wet and seein' if you like it...You gotta dive in and swim for 6 your life...Now, over the next couple of weeks I might do some things that seem a little mean...Believe me, it's all in your best interest. Sanka raises his hand.
69) 8) dialog: What is it, Sanka?
69) 12) dialog: Oh, yes we are!it Irv kicks the sled with his foot and it starts down the h 64. The sled wobbles off, slowly at first, but then quickly accelerates. The camera follows as the sled starts to fly down the tunnel of ice.
74) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Derice, shaking his head. Next to Derice, IRV PACES NERVOUSLY. Junior and Yul are sitting in ‘Cool Runnings' waiting. Sanka is nowhere to b found.
74) 3) dialog: This is great...Two weeks till show- time and you guys haven't even had a goddamn push~start. Just then we hear the roar of an engine. A snowmobile pulls up nearly running Irv over. It's Sanka He's sandwiched between the two Norwegian skiers. Uba's driving. Sanka climbs off. He's in his bobsledding clothe He blows the girls a kiss.
75) 0) text: Cool Runnings is on the track and the boys are in their s positions. Irv gives them a few last words.
75) 1) dialog: This is your first push start, so don't try to set any world records. All you gotta do is get in the sled. The four boys take a deep breath, then they start to rock sled. They push off like they were shot out of a cannon, they're running so fast, they can't get in. Sanka let's g first, then Junior, Yul and Derice...The four boys are actually CHASING AN EMPTY SLED DOWN THE TRACK.
80) 12) dialog: (to Derice) Come on, let's get a run in. Derice heads for the sled.
80) 13) dialog: (to Larry) Giving my driver a few pointers, eh Larry?
83) 0) text: Derice and Irv are walking the track from the finish line The moonlight on the ice has a luminous, surreal quality. Irving points to certain curves and calls their names. De holds his hands against the walls of the track following Irv's lead.
83) 1) dialog: Always remember, driving is a state of mind...The mental is to the physical as four is to one...Now, in the Omega, show me where you get on and off.
83) 3) dialog: (simply) Believe me, when you hit it right, you'll knew it...The first time I nailed a big turn in competition, it was better than sex. 76.
87) 0) text: Irv and Derice look out over the track.
87) 1) dialog: You're damn right it's hard, but you keep on pushin'...And if you're lucky, you might just be there when it happens...When your heart starts beatin' a mile a minute and your ears are filled with the sound of speed...That‘'s the moment when heaven comes to visit and you see the face of God...That's bobsledding.
87) 3) dialog: {it all comes back) I love this goddamn sport. All of a sudden a POLICEMAN comes ‘trudging up the path. calls down to Irv.
88) 0) text: Yul, Junior and Sanka are in the slammer. Their clothes n in shreds. They are sharing a cell with FOUR OUTRAGEOUSLY DRUNK COWBOYS IN TEN-GALLON HATS. A flask is being secret passed around and our boys are pretty drunk. Two of the COWBOYS are teaching Yul and Junior how to yel ‘WEEHAWW DOGGY!’ Yul is getting the hang of it. Junior ki squeaks his. Sanka teaches the other two COWBOYS to stomp dance. A POLICEMAN leads Irv and Derice to the cell. They can't believe their eyes.
89) 5) dialog: Everything's okay...I told the judge you guys were mentally retarded and he threw the case out.
89) 7) dialog: (all business) Shut-up, Sanka...Maybe you all haven't noticed, but we ain't winning any popularity contests. They hate me. They hate you. They hate us. @ Derice nods his head.
89) 8) dialog: Now, we got one week left....You can either make history or you can make fools of yourselves...You can climb to the top of the mountain or you can climb on a bus back home...The choice is yours..,.But mark my words, if you want to get to the Olympics, then you gotta sit down and take a nice deep look inside... (He points to his own heart.) That's the place you find the thing that gets you to the show. All the boys look up now. He's got their attention.
91) 0) text: The boys knock off a so-so puSh=start and climb in the sl Irv clicks a stop-watch as they pass him.
91) 1) dialog: (to himself) 6.6...No go! INT. SLED HOUSE — DAY The sled house is jam packed with every nationality of wh person known to man, The drivers of the different teams a all meticulously polishing their runners. We hear a ‘wild goulash' of different languages as we pan over to see Der awkwardly trying to polish his runners. He sees a cocky J Grool polishing his runners with short fast strokes and t to do the same. Grool gives Derice a nasty snicker.
93) 0) text: The guys are seated single file on the floor in their bob order. Irv stands before them with blown-up photos of the track's different curves. He shows them like ‘flashcards. Irv shows the first pheto.
94) 1) dialog: No, no, noi You're still too low! INT. THE BOYS‘ ROOM ~ NIGHT Derice stands alone in the middle of the room. He has his eyes closed and his hands out (as if he were driving). He bobs and sways as he drives the course in his mind. The other guys are off to Derice's right, sitting single file, swaying back and forth in unison on their own imagi course.
96) 1) dialog: Good...I want those heads down!
98) 1) dialog: Keep it high...Keep it high...Now you're talking!
100) 0) text: Cool Runnings crosses the finish line. The boys are all business. Irv clicks the stop-watch and looks at it.
100) 1) dialog: 
102) 5) dialog: (to Kurt) What happened to Gremmer?
102) 8) dialog: Alright, troops.,..Here it is, three months of hard work comes down to one lousy run...You keep it under one minute, you win a trip to the Olympics...You don't...You win a trip back home.
103) 0) text: The boys are in their push-start positions. Irv watches f the side of the hill. Kurt Hemphill and the two other jud look on from a few feet away. (Binoculars around their necks.) The JAMS rock the sled hard and explode out of the blocks screaming. They complete the push-start and are in the sl Irv clicks his stopwatch.
103) 1) dialog: 6.1...Damnnit! The camera tracks Cool Runnings as it rockets into curve The judges follow the sled through their binoculars. Cool Runnings comes out of curve #2 and takes a high line into the Omega.
103) 2) dialog: Come on...Hold it! CLOSE ON: Derice, desperately trying to keep it together the sled vibrates through the turn and bottoms out into t straightaway. He comes away in good order.
103) 3) dialog: Thataboy! Irv takes a pull on his inhaler and looks at his stopwatc Cool Runnings takes the straightaway in good order and go into the final hi-bank turn.
103) 4) dialog: No mistakes, Derice...Right now! The sled takes the final turn going well.
103) 8) dialog: 
103) 13) dialog: What do you got?
103) 16) dialog: Me too, baby, me too! Irv does a little jig. Kurt Hemphill watches as Irv runs toward the finish line, his fists in the air. 5
103) 17) dialog: We did it...We did it!!
109) 0) text: The office is empty except for a female SECRETARY behind desk. Irv comes barging through the door and goes right up to t secretary. 91.
109) 1) dialog: I'm here to see Kurt Hemphill.
109) 3) dialog: Beautiful. Irv blasts past the secretary.
110) 0) text: Kurt, Shindler, Kroychzeck and FOUR OTHER OFFICIALS we haven't seen before are sitting at a conference table whe Irv comes barging through the door.
110) 1) dialog: Alright, Kurt...I want to talk to you. Shindler cuts Irv off
110) 3) dialog: Oh, yes there is...I want to know why you disqualified my guys! Kroychzeck chips in.
110) 5) dialog: But in an Olympic year the ‘Qualifiers’ count as a World Cup Series race. 92.
110) 7) dialog: (disbelief) Change its policy?! A GERMAN OFFICIAL chips in.
110) 9) dialog: I thought making sure that the right teams end up in Calgary was in the best interest of the sport. A French official speaks up.
110) 11) dialog: I didn't know four black guys ina bobsled could make you blush.
110) 13) dialog: Excuse me, but I haven't finished with my appeal.
110) 15) dialog: @ This appeal...Now, I did a lot to help this sport and I did a lot to hurt it...But I've paid for my mistakes and I've paid hard...That's gotta be worth at least a minute of your time. The board is silent...Irv continues. Beat.
110) 16) dialog: Twenty years ago I won my first gold medal, and a lot of the people in this room said it was a fluke...that the Americans got lucky...Well, I think by now those of you who thought that would admit that you were wrong, and that when we broke the great European dynasty, it was the best thing that had ever happened to this sport...What if you had decided to keep us out of the Olympics?...What if you had said, "Oh, they're just a bunch of upstarts. They're no good for the r image of the sport.” Right at Kurt.
110) 17) dialog: Where would you be, coach...if they had kept us out in '68?...You...who never lost your faith while everybody laughed and taunted us...You,..who did more than anybody to change the face of ‘bobsled- ding...I know I let you down, Kurt...I know I broke your heart in Saporro, but don't take it out on my guys. They're who we were twenty years ago...And it don't matter if they finish first or fiftieth... To all of them. 94.
110) 18) dialog: ...They deserve a chance to represent their country and march into that stadium...They deserve the the chance to wave their nation's flag...That's the greatest honor any athlete can ever have...And that's what the Olympics are all about. Kurt starts to shift in his seat. The committee sits sile Irv turns and heads for the door.
110) 19) dialog: Our plane leaves in three hours...Let us know what you decide. INT. THE BOYS' HOTEL ROOM —- TWO AND A KALF HOURS LATER The bags are packed and by the door. The boys are dressed go home. They sit on their beds ringing their hands. Irv checks his watch as he paces like a caged panther. The boys look to each other, then to Irv. THE TENSION IS INSANE. THE PHONE RINGS. Sanka nearly jumps out of his skin. Everybody stares at the phone, but nobody moves to answer On the second ring Irv picks it up.
110) 20) dialog: (no visible emotion) Hello...Uh huh...Uh huh...uUh huh...Alright, thank you. He hangs up the phone. The boys' eyes are on him, but Irv just stands there,
114) 2) dialog: Here we go.
114) 3) text: The crowd is now gathered around a GIANT SCREEN TV. Mr. Coolidge aims the remote control at the set as everyone Stares on. But instead of turning the TV on himself, he h the remote to Momma Coffie. Momma Coffie turns the set on everybody cheers. CLOSE ON: The giant screen TV. It shows the following. A TREMENDOUS burst of APPLAUSE and CHEERING as the runner jogs into the stadium with the torch in front of 60,000 SPECTATORS. The opening ceremony for the WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES has beg The center of all the excitement is the PARADE OF NATIONS The FINEST ATHLETES IN THE WORLD emerge from the tunnel wearing their national colors as they wave to the crowd. The Americans, the Chinese, the Czechs, the French, the Germans, the Irish, the Italians... And now the JAMAICANS march out of the tunnel. Irving is popping his buttons. Sanka has his solar-energy smile on. Junior is waving, sure-footed. Yul has an easy air about Derice marches in front, waving the FLAG OF JAMAICA for t first time in a winter Olympics.
115) 0) text: Irv sits on the end of the bed. The guys sit on the floor before him.
115) 1) dialog: Alright, fellas, tomorrow's the big day. He gets up off the bed.
115) 2) dialog: Now, most coaches would probably go for a ‘win one for the Gipper' speech, but I'm not real good at that stuff...So, instead, I'll be leading us ali in 2 little psalm of inspiration. 9B. They form a circle, get on one knee, bow their heads, and clasp hands.
115) 3) dialog: Our Father, who art in Insbruck, Bobsled be Thy Name. Our Kingdom come, gold medals won, on earth as in turn seven with liberty and push- start for all...Amen.
134) 0) text: Derice sits in a chair staring at a flash card of Omega. has a kind of glazed over look on his face. Irv knocks on the door and pokes his head in.
134) 1) dialog: Well, Bannock junior...Ready to follow in your father's footsteps?
134) 3) dialog: You think so?
134) 5) dialog: That's better...Me and the fellas are gonna get some dinner. You want to come with?
134) 7) text: Then we'll bring you back a daggy- bac. Irv is about to close the door.
134) 10) dialog: Shoot. Irv now comes into the room.
134) 12) dialog: What about it?
134) 14) dialog: (interrupting) You want to know why I cheated in Saporro, right? Derice nods.
134) 15) dialog: Simple. I was over the hill and I knew it...The only problem was... I had made winning my whole life and when you make winning your whole life, then you you have to keep on winning. ..Understand?
134) 19) dialog: That's just what everybody told me, but it didn't make any difference "cause it wasn't what I felt inside.
134) 21) dialog: Let me tell you something, son...A gold medal is a beautiful thing...But take it from me, if you're not enough without it...You'll never be enough with it. IRV PATS DERICE ON THE SHOULDER AND WALKS TO THE DOOR. At the door he turns.
134) 22) dialog: See you at the finish line, kid.
138) 0) text: Irv watches the boys get ready.
138) 1) dialog: Fellas! HE GIVES THEM THE THUMBS UP. a EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK The boys nod at Irv. They all put their hands in the midd
144) 0) text: Irving is running, pushing his way through the crowd. HOLD ON: COOL RUNNINGS and the team, not moving, silence. 116.
147) 0) text: Derice and the boys take in this incredible moment as the proudly carry COOL RUNNINGS across the finish line. The w the crowd is reacting, they may as well have won a gold medal. Irv, panting, rushes toward them. Sanka reaches in his suit and removes his duck egg. IT'S AMAZINGLY INTACT.