2) 5) text: The Derby is 4 big event and has a carnival atmosphere. A live Reggae band turns out the beat as spectators line th mountain road all the way down to the finish line. CLOSE ON: A pushcart. It is painted in the traditional Rastafarian black, green, and red. On the front of the ca printed in bold letters is 'TRENCHTOWN ROCKET! ' Relaxing in the driver's seat, as he looks through a pair binoculars, is SANKA COFFIE, the reigning king of ‘Derby' racing and Derice Bannock‘s best friend. SANKA IS THE ONLY ADULT IN THE RACE. His long ‘Dreadlocks stick out from under his ‘World War I' leather flyer's he and goggles. His outfit is completed with wild tye-dyed flour-sack knickers, red high-tops, and argyle socks. Sanka's POV: A fine EIGHTEEN YEAR-OLD GIRL in a summer dr swayin't in the crowd. As Sanka adjusts the focus on the binoculars, we close in WINSTON, a slight, goofy ten year-old boy. Winston wears beat up American football helmet and is covered in grease grime as he uses all his strength to tighten a loose bolt the cart. Sanka puts the binoculars down and contemplates.
2) 6) dialog: You know, Winston...As I sit here thinking about all the greatness which is me...I begin to realize what an honor this must be for a boy such as yourself. To ride with the gifted one...The Grand Poobah of the pushcart...Sanka Coffie. We hear a VOICE OFF CAMERA.
2) 8) dialog: Whoever said that better be ready to rumble. Sanka springs to his feet, spins around and sees it's Der
2) 12) dialog: And my grandpa says you better get your pee-wee ass back behind that cart...We got a derby to win! Derice can't heip but laugh.
4) 0) text: Sanka pulls an egg out from somewhere inside his shirt.
4) 1) dialog: {to Winston, affection ately) Quick, little ras...Kiss the lucky egg. Winston tries to kiss the egg through his football helmet wo
4) 3) dialog: (chanting, rockin' side to side) Feel the rhythm, feel the rhyme, get on up, it's derby time!!
5) 0) text: Old rasta fires the pistol and the madness begins. We see a head on shot of all the carts, and colors, and k coming right at us. The pushers push for all their worth the drivers try to keep them straight as the crowd starts roar that won't stop till the finish. Before the race is ten seconds old, a dozen carts are out control, smashing into the spectators and each other. It looks like total chaos. Sanka has moved up five rows in t first thirty seconds. CLOSE ON: Sanka's cart; he's weaving and bobbing avoiding traffic, throwing his weight from side to side. He passes another fifteen carts in a matter of seconds and trains h sights on the leaders,
5) 1) dialog: Spread out, suckers...Here comes the rocket!! Sanka strikes an aerodynamic pose as he comes up on A FUN BLUE CART and challenges it for position. But the BLUE CART is not to be taken lightly. It bump whe with Sanka and tries to drive him off the road. Sanka hol his ground and even takes a slight advantage. The funky blue cart's DRIVER is pissed. He tries to ram Sanka, but Sanka whips the wheel hard. The blue cart's dr misses Sanka badly and smashes into the hay bails that li the racing strip. Sanka's cart miraculously does a full 3 turn and continues on it's way.
5) 2) dialog: {taunting the blue cart} Say hello to the ‘Coffie whip,‘ sucker! 6 But this little duel has let AN OMINOUS BLACK AND SILVER take a big lead. As Sanka looks ahead he knows he's gonna have to do somet special to pull this one out of the bag. He calls to Wins
5) 3) dialog: Release the ‘sanity brake'...I'm going to RASTA~DRIVE!! Winston pulls on a stick and the cart sprouts little wing painted, green, black and red.
5) 4) dialog: (screaming) Rastafari!!! Sanka, now begins bouncing up and down, bending his knees pumping his ass like a locomotive. He gains radical speed passes everyone but the black and silver cart. The crowd goes wild. Derice pumps his fist in the air.
6) 0) text: There are 50 yards left and Sanka's within striking dista As they approach the finish line we see a determined Wins who somehow has the entire top half of his body stretched over the front of the cart. As we pan back to Sanka, we see that he has abandoned the steering wheel and is HOLDING WINSTON BY THE ANKLES, enab him to stretch over the front end. THEY JUST CLIP THE BLA AND SILVER CART AT THE WIRE.
6) 11) dialog: Sorry, mon.
8) 0) text: We cut to a big banner stretched over the bar that reads "Congratulations Sanka...Good Luck Derice!!" As we pan down from the banner, we are in the middle of a ripping, rasta, rum soaked blowout complete with live mus and a smokin' dance-floor packed with partiers. We see an attractive woman in her mid twenties. This is J BANNOCK, Derice's wife. We can see that Joy is looking fo someone as she makes her way through the party. She taps a young man on the shoulder.
12) 0) text: Joy and Sanka stand, looking on in shock.
14) 2) dialog: Any change?
14) 4) dialog: Not a problem, sister. I got a big pot of me momma's salt fish and banana...When he get a whiff a dat, he come runnin' cut and back to normal. Sanka lifts the top off the pot and sets it by the bedroo door.
16) 0) text: Joy and Sanka are in mid-conversation.
16) 3) dialog: Hey, star, what's a bobsied?! Derice turns to Sanka but continues running down the dirt road backward.
19) 9) dialog: (disbelief) That guy won a gold medal?
20) 0) text: The camera pans next door to a boarded up building. DERIC AND SANKA ARE HANGING FROM TWO NAILS BY THEIR SHIRTS.
20) 4) dialog: What you gonna do now, professor?
22) 5) text: Look, kid, I'm sure you got a terrible problem but ‘A’, I don't bobsied no more and 'B', I don't give a shit. And let me just conclude by saying, if you're both not out of here by the time I finish wiping, your balls are gonna be hanging from my rear~view mirror. Sanka and Derice are out of their stalls and halfway to t door when Derice turns, stops, takes out the envelope and slides it into Irv's stall.
23) 0) text: Sanka stands by the front door ready for a quick exit. De is just outside the bathroom door waiting for Irv. Irv comes out of the bathroom holding the envelope. He an Derice lock eyes.
23) 14) text: Derice and Sanka hang posters recruiting Jamaican athlete for a JAMAICAN BOBSLED TEAM in sports clubs, restaurants, bars, and all over the streets and street vendor's stands EXT. WATERFRONT ~— DAY CLOSE ON: A poster on a telephone pole. It reads: "SEE TH
23) 23) dialog: You're on the air, sled=mon! Old bobsled footage appears on the screen.
23) 43) dialog: What you lookin' at me for?
23) 45) dialog: No, I can't..,Bobsledding a winter sport.
23) 47) dialog: So, I ain't into all that igloos and Eskimos and penguins and shit.
23) 49) dialog: Why?
23) 51) dialog: Sorry, rasta...It cut too heavy into my leisure time.
23) 53) dialog: 
23) 55) dialog: That's right.
23) 57) dialog: I already am famous. I AM SANKA
23) 61) dialog: Please, God, don’t let him ask mé to do it ‘cause I'm his best friend. Derice turns back.
24) 0) text: Sanka and Derice ride down the street in Sanka‘s beat up Volks.
26) 13) dialog: You mean that's your gorilla breath Iim smellin'?
26) 18) dialog: I don't know what you all arguing about... Derice was gonna beat both your asses anyway.
26) 26) dialog: This don’t seem so hard.
28) 0) text: Irv stands by the sled (Sanka's converted push-cart), the boys in front of him.
28) 6) dialog: I know, I'm the driver.
28) 8) dialog: The brake-man...I'm the driver!
28) 10) dialog: But, coach, I have to drive for the simple fact that I am Sanka Coffie, the greatest push-cart driver in all Jamaica...You dig where I'm coming from?
28) 12) dialog: Beautiful! 31.
28) 14) dialog: That's a hell of a place to be coming from. Irv delivers the next speech face to face with Derice (Ev though he's talking to Sanka).
28) 16) dialog: I say we make Derice the driver.
30) 0) text: The sled has been laid out on a big, blue, plastic pool cover. This serves as the track. It is slicked down with water. The boys man the sled in their start positions. CLOSE ON: Derice'’s eyes. They are all business. We pan b to Sanka, then Junior, then yul. Their faces are full of different degrees of apprehension.
32) 1) dialog: Hey ladies, watch the Grand Poobah of the pushcart become the Red Baron of the Bobsled. 33. The sled slides well on the wet plastic, but unfortunatel so do the boys. They get about twenty yards when Irv yelis.
32) 7) dialog: No problem, sled-brothers, we'll do better tomorrow.
33) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Two eggs fryin' in a pan with bananas. Pull back to reveal Momma Coffie standin‘ over the pan singin' a gospel song to herself. INT. SANKA‘S BEDROOM - SAME Sanka is asleep with a big smile on his face. He holds hi pillow like a lover.
33) 2) dialog: (talking in his sleep to the pillow) Please, everybody...No autographs now...I need my beauty rest. Out of nowhere, we hear the powerful voice of Momma Coffi
33) 4) dialog: Sanka nearly hits the ceiling.
33) 15) dialog: Let's boogie, sleigh-rastas!
33) 17) dialog: Take it easy, shine head.
33) 19) dialog: Why?!
35) 2) dialog: Yah, mon.
36) 0) text: Sanka, Yul, Junior, and Derice stand against the cop car their hands behind their backs and their legs apart. A sm crowd has now gathered around.
39) 0) text: Sanka stands on the corner with his guitar, his case open front of him. A sign on the case reads ‘SUPPORT THE JAMAI BOBSLED TEAM.' There are a few small coins in the case. Sanka is singing the Jamaican bobsled song, but nobody ev stops to listen.
39) 1) dialog: We no like snow but still we go/ We no like ice but that's the price/ We hob and bob do what we're told/ Four rastamen tryin' to win the gold. An instrumental version of the song continues over the following.
41) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A sign reading, 'KISSES $1.' The camera pans do from the sign; Sanka has set up a kissing booth. There ar four women in line: Two young, three hundred pounders, an two octogenarians with supportive shoes.
44) 0) text: Sanka wraps up his song.
44) 1) dialog: Now you might say it a foolish dream/ But we da Jamaican bobsled team/ We put pep in your step, a smile on your face/ And you throw e@ your money in my guitar case. A DRUNK sleeping it off stirs awake. He staggers to his f and goes over to Sanka.
45) 0) text: Irv, Sanka, and Yul (still in the hat and apron) stand ov Derice's shoulder as he counts up ail the money.
45) 2) dialog: What's the total?
45) 9) dialog: I'm feeling pain in my chest.
45) 14) dialog: Alright... (He starts to boogie as he sings) We goin' to the Olympics!
45) 19) dialog: Get on, Mr. Bevil...Your father must be cool. He let you sell that car.
49) 4) dialog: I ain't smokin’. I'm breathing! Everybody on the bus is staring at our boys. When we cut back, all four of them are exhaling their asses off, amaz that they can see their breath. Sanka makes smoke rings a pokes his finger through them.
51) 0) text: Derice screams like a cowboy and charges into the untouch snow. Yul follows with a smile, then Junior. This leaves Sanka, who tiptoes into it looking terrified. {RR reggae ‘WALKING IN A WINTER WONDERLAND’ is heard over following SNOW MONTAGE.) DERICE LIES IN THE SNOW MAKING ‘SNOW ANGELS. *
54) 0) text: A tiny hotel room with two bunk beds. The boys can't take step without getting in each other's way. (They twist, tu and sidestep caught up in a farcical human traffic jam.) Yul, in some worn-out old flannel pajamas, unpacks two pa of underwear, fights his way through Junior and Sanka (wh trying to get to the bathroom) and puts them in a drawer. Junior, in silk pajamas and slippers, meticulously remove new pair of colored "CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR' from the box folds them, then has to avoid bodies to get to his drawer the bed, there are twenty more new boxes.
54) 2) dialog: Hey, fellas, come check this out!!! 47. The boys look at each other, then rush into the bathroom.
55) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Yul, Junior, and Derice's curious faces. They are looking at Sanka (he wears a night dress and pom hat), who has turned the BIDET on 'high' and is drinking it.
55) 1) dialog: {excited) We got our own water fountain!
55) 3) dialog: (looking up) What is it?
59) 6) dialog: Let me handle this...Yo, Miss Coconut, we need some jammin’ warm bobsled clothes. The salesgirl points them in the direction of the multi- colored Parkas.
64) 0) text: Derice steps out of the simulator. Yul, Junior and Sanka next in line. Behind them are a bunch of LITTLE KIDS. Sanka turns to one of the kids.
64) 1) dialog: Is it as good as ‘Super Mario Brothers! '* INT. BAR — NIGHT The Jamaicans enter led by Sanka. The bar is packed with sliders from different nations.
64) 3) dialog: Stay loose, baby bear...You gonna cramp me style. 5. A COUNTRY WESTERN BAND is playing in the background. An E GERMAN SLEDDER is swinging a beer mug as he tries to sing along with the band. JOSEF GROOL, the East German driver, nudges the singing German as the Jamaicans approach them. Sanka walks up to the German.
64) 4) dialog: Keep jammin', ras. I'll catch up on the chorus. The German ignores him. Grool looks through Sanka like he isn't there.
64) 5) dialog: That's cool...I didn’t know that one anyway. Yul and Junior stand in front of the band. Yul seems fascinated as he stares at the GUITAR PLAYER who is dress like a cowboy
64) 7) dialog: Where you from, mon?
64) 10) dialog: Excuse me, do you speak English? sé.
64) 12) dialog: Good, ‘cause your father calls the dog-catcher when your mother leaves the house. Yul and Junior crack up as the Frenchman stands there, st acting superior, not knowing what Sanka just said. Two American sliders (JEREMY and COLE) sitting at a table nearby call out.
64) 14) dialog: Alright, finally! Some American rastas. Sanka goes over to their table, sits down and pours himse beer,
64) 15) dialog: Now we're talkin'...What do you say we kick this badboy off with a big ol' bobsledder's toast?
66) 0) text: Sanka and Yul sit on their beds. They both wear boxers (Y are ripped). A gargling sound comes from the bathroom.
66) 1) dialog: Seemin’ to you like nobody like us?
66) 4) dialog: Yeah.
66) 7) dialog: A jerk pork stand? 58.
66) 10) dialog: Goddamn, Rasta brother...What the hell have you been smokin'!? They all look at Derice. His eyes are wild with fire.
67) 4) dialog: Look at her, Ras.
67) 6) dialog: What we gonna call her?
67) 8) dialog: Tallulah?...It sound like a two dollar hooker...Where you come up with that?
67) 12) dialog: You're right...I say we call her the ‘Sex Machine!'
67) 15) dialog: Beautiful!
67) 20) dialog: Yeah.
67) 23) dialog: 
68) 3) dialog: Ch, my God...It go on forever.
68) 6) dialog: Steeper, deeper, and you can keep her. Beat.
68) 8) dialog: Cold...Mon? I’m freezin‘ my royal rastafarian nuts off.
68) 10) dialog: Let's bobsled tomorrow.
68) 12) dialog: Damn, it's a nice day for a sleigh ride. The JAMS put their helmets on. When Sanka puts on his hel his dreads stick out of the bottom, THE WHOLE HILL CRACKS Irv comes up behind the boys. 62.
68) 18) dialog: Good idea!
69) 3) dialog: I ain't eatin’ it. T kissin’ it. Derice turns around shaking his head. 63.
69) 4) dialog: @ (turns to Yul) You want to kiss my egg? Yul looks at him like he's nuts.
69) 5) dialog: Suit yourself, He carefully puts the egg back inside his sweatshirt. Irv gives his final instructions.
69) 9) dialog: I gotta go...(He points to his lap.) You know.
69) 11) dialog: Why not? We ain‘t bobsleddin' yet?
69) 13) dialog: 
69) 16) dialog: Sanka, now in front, pulls the brake and the sled slams t short stop. Junior's mouth is wide open in a silent screa Sanka's eyes are closed tight.
69) 17) dialog: Is it over? KURT HEMPHILL and the other official look on.
70) 0) text: Sanka, Yul and Junior are sitting around the room. Junior using a ‘lint roller' on his pants, Yul's playing solitai and Sanka's reading a comic book. A pan of bananas cooks hotplate by Sanka's bed. Yul pulls the reading lamp away from Sanka so it shines o his cards. Sanka pulls it back, but Yul just does it agai
70) 2) dialog: Cut it out, head wax, I'm readin'!
70) 4) dialog: Oh, is that so?
70) 6) dialog: Well, if they for little children, that means they too advanced for the likes of you.
70) 8) dialog: What I'm sayin is, you're the kind of club totin' cave man bastard that counts to ten by stompin' with his foot. Yul goes over to the dresser and starts whippin' through drawers.
70) 15) dialog: (fighting through laughter) That's the White House!
70) 17) dialog: Nothin' about it...It's just if you plan on livin' there, you gonna have to evict the goddamn president.
70) 19) dialog: Face it, Brenner, you gonna end up in an out-house shanty like every other dockworkin' sucker~Jon.
70) 21) dialog: Says me, rich boy. What you know about it?
70) 23) dialog: {re: Yul) Well he ain't your father. 67.
72) 0) text: Sanka steps out of the elevator mumbling to himself.
72) 1) dialog: Well, if he movin' into the Whitehouse...I‘m movin’ into the goddamn Statue of Liberty. 68. circles with his thumbs and forefingers and brings them t his eyes like upside down binoculars. He gets a big smile his face. @ Sanka sees something and stops dead in his tracks. He m SANKA'S POV: Two beautiful, tall, identical blonde twins.
72) 2) dialog: Bingo!
73) 2) dialog: You girls better tell me your names right away 'cause when I dreamed about you last night, I could only call you 'Baby!'
73) 4) dialog: And I'm the ‘Coffie‘' and you the cream and I'm belonging to the Jamaican bobsled team.
73) 6) dialog: Lead on, my little Scandinavian snow bunnies. @ Sanka puts his arms around the girls and heads for the 6S.
73) 8) dialog: Know him?...Me and Bobby were like that. Sanka crosses his fingers to show how close they were. Th all exit.
74) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Derice, shaking his head. Next to Derice, IRV PACES NERVOUSLY. Junior and Yul are sitting in ‘Cool Runnings' waiting. Sanka is nowhere to b found.
74) 4) dialog: {to the girls) See you again tonight, ladies...Same bat-time, same bat~channel. The girls wave and skoot off on the snow~mobile. Sanka he for the team, Derice is on him in a flash.
74) 8) dialog: Lost in Norway.
74) 10) dialog: Good thing Uba knew that shert-cut.
84) 0) text: The country western combo is churning out a heartfelt ver of "Rhinestone Cowboy.' The dance floor is full of locals (The men are dressed in cowboy hats and boots, the women western skirts.) They are all happily dancing a simple tw step as the singer gives it everything he's got. In the middle of this country western hoedown are Sanka, and Eeba. Sanka looks like he's autistic as he keeps stop and starting, trying to find the beat so he can do his patented ‘stomp dance.' Uba and Eeba just stand, bored, hoping the music will cha
86) 0) text: SANKA IS NOW ON STAGE WITH THE BAND. He and the lead sing share the 'mike' on a smokin‘ version of Bob Marley's ‘I
86) 9) dialog: 
88) 0) text: Yul, Junior and Sanka are in the slammer. Their clothes n in shreds. They are sharing a cell with FOUR OUTRAGEOUSLY DRUNK COWBOYS IN TEN-GALLON HATS. A flask is being secret passed around and our boys are pretty drunk. Two of the COWBOYS are teaching Yul and Junior how to yel ‘WEEHAWW DOGGY!’ Yul is getting the hang of it. Junior ki squeaks his. Sanka teaches the other two COWBOYS to stomp dance. A POLICEMAN leads Irv and Derice to the cell. They can't believe their eyes.
89) 4) dialog: @ And you don't see the Swiss team smiling neither. In fact, if one of those Swiss rastaS came across a naked woman, he'd probably rock her back and forth and push her down some ice. Irv comes bursting through the door.
89) 6) dialog: (sing song) Irvy pulled a fast one.
90) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A ringing alarm clock. It reads 5:00 A.M... 83. Boom! The lights are on. Sanka, Yul, and Junior stagger awake, groaning, shielding their eyes from the light. Der already dressed in his training outfit, is in the middle the room running in place, bringing his knees up to touch palms.
95) 0) text: The clock reads '11:30.' All four of the guys are sound asleep as we hear something pinging against the window. This wakes Sanka. He gets out of bed and goes to the wind and looks down. Sanka's POV: UBA and EEBA are tossing pebbles up at the window. Sanka lifts the window open.
95) 2) dialog: Sorry, ladies, Sanka-baby can't play with you no more.
95) 4) dialog: Sanka-baby love Ube and Eeba, but Sanka-baby tryin’ to get to the Olympics.
101) 0) text: Sanka is seated on the closed toilet. He wears a blindfol and smokes a cigarette. Derice is next to him. He has a scissors in one hand and one of Sanka's dreads in the oth Yul and Junior can't look. They sneak a peek through thei hands. B6.
101) 1) dialog: This ain't right, mon...I didn't even get a last meal. Derice brings the scissor to the 'dread' and squeezes for he's worth. Nothing. He does it again, this time using bo hands. Still nothing. He looks at the scissors and shakes head.
102) 0) text: We pan down the line of boys. They are wearing their aerodynamic bobsled suits complete with the skin-tight ho As we stop on each of them, they pull their crash helmet Sanka is last. His skin tight hood looks like a potted pl with all his 'dreads' tucked underneath. He struggles to his helmet on.
105) 2) dialog: Hey, sled-god...Come on over and join the party!! Irv walks over to the guys. His posture is very serious. There is absolutely no joy in his body. Derice looks at I and knows something isn't right.
111) 0) text: We see the reflection of the four boys side by side in th mirror, They wear tropical yellow ski jackets, green slac and yellow and green ski hats. Sanka wears bamboo sunglas
111) 1) dialog: I'm feeling very Olympic this afternoon. He and Derice give each other five.
114) 3) text: The crowd is now gathered around a GIANT SCREEN TV. Mr. Coolidge aims the remote control at the set as everyone Stares on. But instead of turning the TV on himself, he h the remote to Momma Coffie. Momma Coffie turns the set on everybody cheers. CLOSE ON: The giant screen TV. It shows the following. A TREMENDOUS burst of APPLAUSE and CHEERING as the runner jogs into the stadium with the torch in front of 60,000 SPECTATORS. The opening ceremony for the WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES has beg The center of all the excitement is the PARADE OF NATIONS The FINEST ATHLETES IN THE WORLD emerge from the tunnel wearing their national colors as they wave to the crowd. The Americans, the Chinese, the Czechs, the French, the Germans, the Irish, the Italians... And now the JAMAICANS march out of the tunnel. Irving is popping his buttons. Sanka has his solar-energy smile on. Junior is waving, sure-footed. Yul has an easy air about Derice marches in front, waving the FLAG OF JAMAICA for t first time in a winter Olympics.
122) 0) text: COOL RUNNINGS is on the track. Derice comes over to Sanka starts slapping him in the head.
122) 1) dialog: What's the matter with you? You crazy?
122) 3) dialog: They make them little pocket knives too, but I don't see you doin' that.
125) 6) dialog: ‘Cause you keep runnin' into the toilet.
125) 8) dialog: I will, and I'll forget your Ein Zvei Drein' Swiss wanna be ass with it.
125) 13) dialog: We ain't no Swiss. We Jamaicans...We can't be bitin’ nobody's style. We got our own style.
125) 15) dialog: (honest) Hey, rasta...Let me tell you a little somethin'...I ain't come up here and freeze my ass off so you can whip me like an old mule ready for the grave...Truth be told, I just came to help you win your medal.
125) 17) dialog: So am I...He told us to look deep inside...And when I look deep inside, I only see Jamaica.
125) 19) dialog: Derice, mon, I known you since before Merlene Jefferies asked to see your ding a ling and I'm tellin' you as a friend...If we look Jamaican, walk Jamaican, talk Jamaican, and is Jamaican, then we sure as heli better bobsled Jamaican.
127) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Cool Runnings. It is beautifully painted in the classic rastafarian black, green, and red. (Similar to Sanka's push-cart.) The words ‘Cool Runnings' are scripte the front. The Jamaicans wind their way up the hill. They have turne themselves into traveling ambassadors of confidence and goodwill. Josef Grool and the other sledders look on bewildered. THEY JAMAICANS START CHANTING.
131) 3) dialog: {in rhythm to the rocking sled) Let's get busy, let's go fast!
137) 7) dialog: Cool runnings.
137) 14) dialog: We're the GO AND GET. HER, NO ONE
145) 1) dialog: Derice, we dead?
147) 0) text: Derice and the boys take in this incredible moment as the proudly carry COOL RUNNINGS across the finish line. The w the crowd is reacting, they may as well have won a gold medal. Irv, panting, rushes toward them. Sanka reaches in his suit and removes his duck egg. IT'S AMAZINGLY INTACT.