2) 0) text: BONES, the cat, leaps onto a rumpled twin bed, jolting 17 year-old ANTON awake. The clock reads 3:17 PM. Anton stretches. In a patch of autumn sunlight, the cat begins cleaning herself, but she's the only one. Anton merely grabs a fad purple T-shirt from a pile of dirty clothes on his floor heads for the door in a baseball cap and boxers. INT. LIVING ROOM -— SAME Anton lights about 30 sticks of incense and plops onto th couch.
3) 0) text: Anton slides a long, plastic backscratcher from between t couch cushions. He gives his nuts a scratch or two and th uses the backscratcher to drag the TV remote over from th far side of the coffee table. He flips on the TV and sneaks a look around. Not a soul i sight. 6 Reaching under the couch with the backscratcher, he pulls an already-loaded Bart Simpson bong. Anton sparks up, inhaling the entire contents through a tube in Bart's but CELEB on TV You, too, can be financially independent! Own the house of your dreams, travel, live in luxury... Anton exhales slowly, paying rapt attention to the infomercial until -- CELEB on TV But this is no get-rich-quick scam. It requires motivation, dedication, and good old-fashioned hard work-- CLICK. Cartoons, much better. As Bones curls up beside him and cleans blood off her whiskers, Anton's stomach GROWLS lou He glances around and sees a Burger King bag near his fee He hooks the bag with his trusty backscratcher and pulls a decaying, half-eaten Whopper. He sniffs the burger, tears some of the green bits off it perimeter, and takes a bite. He chews once and immediatel spits it back into the bag. Sighing complainingly, and with exaggerated effort, Anton shoves Bart back into hiding, hauls his butt off the couc and plods toward the kitchen. INT. KITCHEN — SAME Anton pours a bowl of Lucky Charms and opens the fridge. Barren. He tilts the milk carton over his cereal. PLOP. One drop.
3) 1) dialog: Mom! We're out of milk! Mom doesn't answer. DANZIG, the German Shepherd, whines a pokes his empty food dish with his nose.
3) 2) dialog: You hungry, Danzig? What does she think, you can feed yourself?
3) 4) dialog: Mom! We're out of dog food! Still no response. He pours the dog a bowl of Lucky Charm
4) 0) text: Anton flops back onto the couch, munching dry cereal, and scans the area. Again, no one's around. He pulls the bong out again and tries to spark, but the bowl's empty. He feels around under the couch with the backscratcher and drags out a plastic baggie. Empty. He tries again, fishing out another baggie. Empty. One mo try. He shoves the backscratcher as far under the couch a he can reach and methodically pats around. Suddenly, he pulls his hand back, triumphantly clutching booty, but this baggie's empty too.
4) 1) dialog: Fuck. He grabs the cordless beside him and punches numbers.
4) 2) dialog: (into phone) Mick, what's up? I'm dry.
4) 4) dialog: So, how ‘bout bringing over a dimer?
4) 6) dialog: Aw, c'mon. I'm busy.
4) 8) dialog: Fine. He hangs up and shoves bong and baggies under the couch. looks around the room and groans -- his shoes are clear o by the TV. But Anton's in luck -- his Mom's fuzzy slippers lay strew the side of the couch, within easy reach of his backscratcher. Anton doesn't notice the DROPS OF BLOOD speckling the slippers.
4) 10) dialog: (yelling) Mom! (no answer) Mom! Spot me some cash? Still no answer. Fuck it. He reaches into his mom's purse and purloins a ten-dollar bill, careful to leave everythi how he found it. Almost out the door, he looks at the money and rethinks i Reaching back into the purse, he grabs another $10.
5) 0) text: Wearing his T-shirt, baseball cap, boxer shorts, and bloo flecked slippers, Anton steps outside. The cold Oregon su smacks him in the face and he quickly puts his sunglasses He can see his breath faintly in the brisk October air. From the house on his left, heavy metal music pounds into afternoon. Sighing, Anton turns right and begins his tiresome journe Two houses down the block, he cuts across a yard and clim through an open window.
5) 1) text: Anton comes through the window, shivering. MICK, PNUB, an JIMMY, all high-school seniors, are sitting on Mick's bed smoking out and engaging in philosophical debate:
5) 8) dialog: I know I'm jealous. Jimmy can look forward to a future filled with tooth- less receptionists and raw meat, while Mick has a lovely career of license- plate making just around the corner.
5) 10) dialog: I'm not going to worry about that shit. (taking a hit off the bong) It's best to just let life happen.
5) 12) dialog: (frowning) I haven't seen my parents in a couple of days.
5) 15) dialog: No, it's really weird. My mom always does her shopping on Friday. Yester- day was Friday, right?
5) 16) dialog: So I wake up this morning and there's no food, no sign of my parents, but my mom's purse is just lying there on the table. 11
5) 19) dialog: What killer?
5) 21) dialog: I hate that fucking show.
5) 23) dialog: I hate that fucking show, too.
5) 25) dialog: You guys are just fucking with me, right?
5) 34) dialog: (giving Mick a dirty look) I'm gonna do it. I'll talk to her right now. He starts out the window.
5) 36) dialog: You're a bud. Mick points at his closet. Anton grabs a fresh pair of je and hastily yanks them on. Kicking off the slippers, he salutes his friends and crawls out the window.
6) 0) text: By the time Anton makes it out Mick's door, Molly is alre parking the hog in her driveway, at the end of the block. Anton crosses to her side of the street and heads toward with resolve.
7) 0) text: Molly slides her leather-clad butt off the seat and disappears into her house. Anton leans against a tree and looks expectantly at an upper window. Sure enough, a light goes on and Molly moves into view in upper window, a dark-haired goddess of rebellion. Anton gazes wistfully, longingly, up at her until she gla outside and sees him. He averts his eyes and quickly walk away.
10) 0) text: Carrying a brown paper sack and a bag of dog kibble, Anto frowns. He stops walking and looks suspiciously into the gathering mist around him. He takes a few steps and looks again. No one. le, As Anton continues walking, an UNIDENTIFIABLE FIGURE STAL HIM, staying almost entirely under the mist's cover. Ther something SHIMMERY, SILVERY about him, but then again, it just be the mist. The figure pulls back into the shadows as Anton glances o his shoulder, listening hard. Suddenly, Anton whips his head around to face his stalker put finds only the shifting mist. The SILVERY FIGURE has VANISHED. Shivering, Anton steps into the street. Without warning, he's THROWN TO THE GROUND. His groceries spill into the street. A billy club is pressed hard against the back of his neck shoving his face into the asphalt.
10) 8) dialog: You were dorks! McMACY (turning Anton toward him) But now we're cops, Anton. Your safety and security, your future and your very life are in our hands every single day.
10) 10) dialog: (shaking his head, amused). Ooh. There's sure nothing scarier than a spiteful nerd with a power woody.
10) 12) dialog: Nice try, but they're not even my pants. Anton pulls. out a crumpled dollar and some change, but something else comes out too, falling to.the ground ...a BAGGIE. McMacy pockets Anton's money and snatches the baggie up. opens it and inhales deeply.
10) 14) dialog: It's empty! Ruck scribbles on a ticket pad.
10) 15) dialog: What? I know my rights. You can't cite me for possession of baggie! Ruck and McMacy laugh.
11) 0) text: Anton tears the jaywalking ticket into strips and lays th out on the coffee table. Removing his stash from his hat, rolls each ticket-strip into a FAT JOINT. He sits back, lights up, and hears a noise: a FLOORBOARD CREAKS upstairs. Anton pauses, listening. Another CREAK, right above him. He mutes the TV. Lying at his feet, Danzig is PANTING loudly. Anton reaches down an CLOSES the DOG'S MOUTH. He listens again, but this time, the house is silent. He shakes his head, dismissing it, and returns to channel surfing.
12) 0) text: As an Everclear video comes to a loud, crashing end, Anto pours dog kibble into both Danzig's and Bones' bowls. The pets eat. 19 The familiar notes of the MTV NEWS THEME SONG swell up in living room. Watching TV through the open kitchen door, Anton dumps his groceries on the counter -- bologna, whit bread, mayo -- and starts making a sandwich.
12) 5) dialog: He's here! He's in my house! He scans the room, wild-eyed, but the only sounds are the and the dog's eating.
12) 6) dialog: (half-whimpering) Danzig! C'mere, boy. 20 The German Shepherd trots over from his food dish.
12) 7) dialog: (whispering to the dog) If you see, hear, or smell a psycho killer, you bark. Loud. Anton points him at the living room and gives hima shove.
13) 0) text: Danzig SLIDES. across the hardwood floor on his butt, com to a stop at the coffee table. Anton peers out from the kitchen. Danzig looks back at hi quizzically and Anton slips into the room, latching tight onto the dog.
13) 4) dialog: Fuck that! He reaches for the doorknob. Danzig BARKS FURIOUSLY at th door.
13) 5) dialog: (deadbolting the door) Oh, shit! He's out there! He races up the stairs with Danzig following.
14) 0) text: Anton slams his door shut, gasping for breath, and climbs onto his bed, hugging the dog. The house is full of CREAK and GROANS, amplified by Anton's fright. 21
14) 1) dialog: (to the dog) Okay, the plan. The killer's on the porch, but the door's locked. He'll get bored and go kill someone else. Psycho killers only come out at night, so if we make it to morning, we'll be safe. Piece of cake -- we just sleep it off. As he reaches to turn off the light, his closet door CREA OPEN an inch. Danzig BARKS. Anton bolts from the room.
15) 0) text: Anton tears into the PARENTS' BEDROOM FROM SCENE 1, lit b the same bedside lamp. The phone is back in its place, bu the long cord is slick with blood. Anton doesn't notice. He leaps onto his parents' bed, pulls the covers up to hi neck, and cowers. He takes a deep breath and tells himsel
15) 1) dialog: The sooner you go to sleep, the sooner it'll be morning. He snaps off the lamp and lies back. Looking up at the ceiling, he freezes, seeing the glow-in-the-dark paint:
16) 0) text: Molly's house is dark. Anton drops to his knees behind th hedge, trying to catch his breath. Bones and Danzig eye h Anton looks through the thick leaves at his house. It's quiet and still, dark except for the entry way light and flickering of the TV in the living room. He yanks the cordless phone's antenna to its full length DIALS 911.
16) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello, police? The killer's loose in my house! 3604 Clinton Street. Please hurry, I don't want to die! Hanging up, he leans back against the hedge, panting.
17) 0) text: While Molly watches from her window, Anton pulls out a ticket-rolled doobie. But just as he's about to light up, Danzig lays his head on Anton's leg. Anton looks down to pet the dog -- and suddenly spits his joint across the yard... His purple T-shirt is speckled with small blotches of pai GLOWING in the darkness. He holds up the bottom of the sh a small section of fabric is missing, TORN OFF.
17) 1) dialog: Okay. Stay calm. He whirls to look through the hedge again. His house is still silent, motionless. No killer in sight He stands up, musters his courage, and creeps stealthily toward his house.
18) 0) text: Anton climbs the stairs slowly, alert, but COMPLETELY EXPOSED. The front door is still wide open. MTV hums in the living room. The overturned table is visible, but the bodies are out of sight behind it. Anton moves cautiously through the door. Behind him, Danz WHINES.
18) 3) dialog: (horrified) The killer was wearing my shirt!
19) 0) text: Anton stumbles to the couch on automatic. Videos flash across the TV screen. Anton grabs the remote and switches channels until he finds the news:
19) 2) dialog: (without looking) Shut up, Bones, I want to hear this.
19) 4) dialog: Bones! Shut-- . He turns his head toward the cat and the last word dies o his tongue .. .« Next to him on the couch, Bones YOWLS again, with ANTON'S HAND WRAPPED around the CAT'S THROAT, squeezing.
19) 5) dialog: (letting go) Jesus Christ! Stunned, he stares at his hand in disbelief.
19) 8) dialog: The cops! He hides his pot.
19) 10) dialog: (heading for the door, muttering) Took ‘em long enough. His PARENTS' CORPSES stop him short. 26
19) 11) dialog: Oh, fuck! He quickly tries to set the table back up with the bodies hidden beneath it, but it just won't work -- as soon as h gets all the arms tucked in ‘under the tablecloth, a leg sproings out. He. folds the leg in, only to push his Dad' head out the other side. : The DOORBELL RINGS: again.
19) 12) dialog: I'm coming! i He gives the bodies a final, determined shove and the: wh table TIPS OVER.. Anton groans. The DOORBELL CHIMES insistently, over and over.
19) 13) dialog: Jeez, chill! I'm coming! Anton shoves his parents into the COAT CLOSET, stands the table up, and opens the front door. Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy surge into the room with beer and b
19) 16) dialog: You're not going to believe this.
20) 5) dialog: Swear to take this to your grave?
20) 7) dialog: Swear.
20) 9) dialog: I've been --
20) 12) dialog: (to Mick) Stay here.
21) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy are ambling toward the kitchen. Anton race past them. 28
22) 0) text: Anton grabs the open mayo jar off the counter -- with the BLOODY KNIFE still sticking out the top -- and shoves the whole lot into the dishwasher. He slams the dishwasher.shut as Jimmy and Pnub enter.
22) 1) dialog: Here you go. Anton gestures to the bread and bologna still open on the counter.
22) 4) dialog: We're out of mayo.
22) 7) dialog: I think I might be a psychotic serial killer.
22) 9) dialog: What if I killed all those people on the news?
22) 11) dialog: Regardless. 29
22) 13) dialog: (frustrated) I'm telling you! I even killed my own parents. How demented is that?
22) 15) dialog: You think?
22) 18) dialog: Yeah...
22) 20) dialog: Thanks, Mick. You could be right. God, I hope you're right. (beat ) Mick? You didn't take any acid today, did you?
22) 22) dialog: Then tell me if you see what I see. 30 Anton opens the closet door. His Parents spill out at Mic feet. Mick takes a step back.
22) 24) dialog: (anguished) It's true! The killer wasn't just wearing my shirt, the killer was wearing me! I mean, I'm the killer! Anton waves the beer bottle for emphasis as the DOORBELL RINGS. He turns toward the front door. RED AND WHITE LIGH FLASH outside. ANTON . Mick! Help me get the bodies back-- Turning back, Anton sees Mick SLUMP to the floor. Anton's BEER BOTTLE, BROKEN, is PLANTED DEEP in Mick's forehead. Anton looks down at his empty hand in disbelief The DOORBELL RINGS again and Anton wastes no time pushing bodies -- Mick's included -- into the coat closet.
22) 26) dialog: * I got it. It's the fuzz.
23) 4) dialog: (feigning innocence) I did?
23) 7) dialog: Sorry, no killer here. Must've been a prank. Anton tries to close the door, but Ruck blocks it, leanin against the doorframe like he's got all night. Anton points.
23) 9) dialog: No, see, I didn't prank you. It must've been, uh, Mick. Yeah, you guys remember Mick -- he used to skate past the Physics Club and spit on you. He lives two houses down. McMacy pulls out his handcuffs.
24) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy already have their pot back out, loading t bowls to the last few notes of “You Got Lucky, Babe." On Tv, Tom Petty drives away in his space buggy and the vide ends. Anton steps. up behind the couch, visibly shaken. PNUB . Anton, dude, that was hairy. I couldn't even enjoy the video.
24) 2) dialog: He went home with a headache. You guys should head out too.
24) 5) dialog: Seriously, guys, it's for your own good. I don't think I have a whole lot of control over--
24) 7) dialog: (aghast) Shit!!! Pnub, Pnub! Pnub tears himself from the TV and turns just in time to Jimmy's body follow his head to the floor. INNARDS spill through a GAPING WOUND in Jimmy's chest.
24) 9) dialog: (freaking) How does this keep happening??? Pnub scrambles backward into a corner, shaking, as Anton advances on him, unable to stop.
24) 11) dialog: I know who you are, Pnub, you dumb fuck! I'm not doing this on purpose! Anton struggles to hold himself back, but she" s drawn irresistibly toward Pnub.
24) 12) dialog: Get out of here! I don't know how long I can hold off! Anton steps over Jimmy's body. A bloody ARTERY catches on his shoe and STRETCHES as Anton moves toward Pnub, slowly pulling Jimmy's heart from his chest. JIMMY'S HEART SLIPS ACROSS THE FLOOR behind Anton as. . .
24) 14) dialog: Run, damn it! The knife raises Anton's hand into the air. Anton grapple with it, using all his might to keep the knife still.
24) 15) dialog: Run! Pnub limps hurriedly for the door as
25) 0) text: Anton hightails it across lawns and driveways in utter hysteria, tripping over the hedge and sprawls into Molly' yard. Panting, he leaps to his feet and races down the block. 35
26) 0) text: Anton half-runs, half-stumbles into the park, gasping for breath and checking behind him. ‘Several sections of the park's thick hedge are ROPED OFF with yellow police crime scene tape. He rushes for a set of monkey bars, but the entire struct COLLAPSES just as he's about to duck under it. Anton veers to the right, floundering into the sandbox, a the BLOODY KNIFE THRUSTS up out of the sand in front of h He whirls again, disoriented, as a DISEMBODIED LAUGH fill the park, an evil, bone-chilling rumble rising from nowhe and everywhere. Anton bones out, heading back towards home. EXT. STREET — SAME Anton hurries down the dark street, spooked by every soun and trying hard to keep a look-out in every direction. Suddenly, the KNIFE SHOVES THROUGH THE SIDEWALK between h legs, pointing the tip STRAIGHT UP at his balls. Anton yelps, startled out of his wits, and dives behind a bush in someone's front yard. A LIGHT GOES ON in the house. It's Molly's house. It's Molly's bedroom light. She opens her window and looks dow at the rustling bush.
26) 3) dialog: (brushes himself off) Hi. Sorry about your bush. The KNIFE APPEARS in Anton's hand. He quickly hides it behind his back and flings it to the ground.
26) 5) dialog: Do what? Behind his back, he tries to drop the knife, but it seems be attached. He shakes his hand. The knife remains.
26) 7) dialog: (distracted) Uh, twice? He shakes the knife violently behind his back, but it ref to leave his hand.
27) 0) text: Anton and Molly enter her room quietly. She looks him up down.
27) 2) dialog: I got into a fight at the park. 37 MOLLY . You sure got your ass’ kicked.
27) 3) dialog: I did okay.
27) 5) dialog: I really shouldn't be here.
27) 8) dialog: (surprised at himself) Me neither. She grins and pushes him onto the bed. He pulls off her shirt. She closes her eyes as he runs his hands up her stomach, over her breasts . . . and ONTO HER THROAT. His hands linger, circling her neck, itching to squeeze, until he forces them to glide over her face and through h hair.
30) 0) text: Anton wakes with a start and looks at Molly. She's lying the bed, very still. Panicky, he grabs a hand mirror from her night stand and holds it to her open mouth. It fogs u He breathes a sigh of relief. Putting his clothes on, Ant goes to the window and stares out at the cold morning, melancholy, until -- A hand touches his shoulder. Anton whips around in a pani but it's just Molly, wrapped in a blanket. She laughs lightly.
30) 2) dialog: Thinking about the snow plow. It's almost winter.
30) 5) dialog: The first really big snow I can remember, I was four. I was so jazzed, I spent all day making this amazing snow fort, with two tunnel entrances and enough room inside to stand up straight. It was the biggest, baddest thing I'd ever done. (pausing, remembering) Then my mom called me in. I was at the window, staring at it, so proud, when I heard this huge rumble. I watched, helpless, as a snow plow flattened it. He meets Molly's eyes and shrugs.
30) 6) dialog: Now I just figure what's the point? 41
30) 8) dialog: I don't know. They hear a DOOR CREAK OPEN somewhere in the house. Molly looks at the clock -- 6:45 am.
30) 10) dialog: Yeah. I've got some things to take care of. They can hear her parents now, up and about in the house.
30) 11) dialog: I guess I should go out your window, huh? That always works in the movies.
30) 13) dialog: I thought you said the streets weren't safe at night. She pulls him close for a final kiss.
30) 15) dialog: You're pretty cool. He swings his legs over the windowsill.
30) 17) dialog: Anton. My name's Anton. 42
30) 19) dialog: (grinning & pushing off) Yep.
31) 0) text: Anton lands, rolling across the grass under a heavily overcast sky. He heads for home.
32) 0) text: Anton enters to find the scene unchanged. The cat is lick delicately at Jimmy's open chest wound.
32) 1) dialog: Bones! Get away from there! Bones ignores him. Anton yanks the cat away from the corp and holds her tight, surveying the carnage with dismay. Bones licks Anton on the lips.
32) 2) dialog: (pulling the cat away) Sick!
33) 0) text: Anton opens the front door with Bones in his arms and set the cat on the welcome mat. He turns back to the. house.
33) 1) dialog: Danzig! Danzig, c'mere boy! The dog joins them on the porch, sitting beside Bones.
33) 2) dialog: Guys, this isn't easy for me, but you have to understand. You're not safe here. The pets stare up at him.
33) 3) dialog: I think you two will be fine on your own. Bones immediately scampers away. Anton looks at Danzig. 43
33) 4) dialog: Like I was saying, Danzig, this is a pretty affluent neighborhood, so you shouldn't have too much trouble latching onto someone good. Danzig continues to stare up at him.
33) 5) dialog: Go on. Anton turns the dog around and gives him a gentle shove. Danzig goes as far as the sidewalk and looks back at Anto with pleading puppy-eyes. Anton takes a big gulp of air.
33) 6) dialog: You didn't do anything wrong, buddy. It's for your own good. Danzig finally trots off down the street.
33) 7) dialog: (calling after him) Try the Andersons -- they have a Shitzu in heat!
34) 0) text: Anton shovels the final few loads of hard, cold dirt onto MASS GRAVE, carefully packs the loose dirt down with the shovel, and steps back. He turns abruptly and yanks a flowerless rhododendron bus out of the ground by the house, re-planting it atop the grave. He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment of reflection, but can't bring himself to say anything over the grave. Turning away, he sees Danzig peeking around the corner of house at him. Anton sighs sadly, the breath catching in his throat. Wit all his might:
34) 1) dialog: (yelling at the dog) Go! 44 Danzig jumps and looks confused, but doesn't leave.
34) 2) dialog: Get away! Now! Anton runs menacingly at him, shaking his fist, and Danzi takes the hint. Miserable, Anton watches his dog run. . A LOW MOAN swells ‘up behind him. Anton turns. The backya is empty. Another MOAN... Anton creeps slowly toward the sound.
34) 5) dialog: (to himself) It's a trick.
34) 7) dialog: Mick? Anton cautiously leans onto the grave and puts his EAR to ground... .-
34) 8) dialog: Mick?
34) 10) dialog: (spooked) You're dead. 45
34) 12) dialog: You think?
34) 14) dialog: You're not a flesh-eating zombie, come back to extract revenge?
34) 16) dialog: I'm pretty sure you're going to kill me.
34) 18) dialog: Stop it! You stay where you are, Mick! You hear me? The ground starts to rise, cracking open slightly. Anton glances around wildly.
34) 19) dialog: Danzig! Danzig, come back, boy! But the dog is long gone. Anton is breathing hard, scared shitless.
34) 20) dialog: Mick! If you were ever my bud, you won't do this. A chilling MOAN rumbles from the ground as the crack wide Anton looks around in a panic for something, anything -~ the SHOVEL! It's on the other side of the opening grave. Anton crawls toward it on his hands and knees. 46 Taking his eyes off the grave for a split-second, he lung for the shovel. Just as his fingers are about to close around the handle, the shovel is WHISKED AWAY. Anton spins around. MICK'S DIRTY, DECOMPOSING BODY is HALF OUT OF THE GRAVE, broken beer bottle still embedded in his forehead. Anton falls backward. Mick LOOMS ABOVE HIM, brandishing t shovel. Anton can barely whisper:
34) 21) dialog: Please don't kill me. Mick RAISES THE SHOVEL. Anton's eyes widen in terror and
34) 23) dialog: (relaxing a little) Okay, good. Wow, I'm really glad you're alive, Mick. Anton slings an arm affectionately over his buddy's shoul -- and abruptly double-takes on the dried blood caked aro the bottle embedded in Mick's forehead. Mick is an uneart shade of pale to boot.
34) 25) dialog: Just a sec. Anton grabs the beer bottle and YANKS, tearing the broken glass from Mick's skull. A large CHUNK of MICK'S FLESH co away with it, exposing bone, but not a single drop of blo Mick doesn't flinch.
34) 26) dialog: (backing away) You weren't just unconscious. You're dead!
34) 28) dialog: You lied to me!
34) 30) dialog: Right. Look, there's only so much a guy can accept in one day, alright?
34) 32) dialog: Sure, Mick, like I'm gonna believe that. Yeah, uh-huh, "the devil made me do it." What, was I possessed? Anton laughs derisively. Then, suddenly--
34) 33) dialog: (realizing) Actually, you know what? That makes sense! (freaking) Jesus Christ!!! Satan???
34) 35) dialog: Are you sure? I mean, the actual Devjl?
34) 37) dialog: (to himself) This is crazy. Crazy! You gotta get a grip here, Anton. (to Mick) Did Satan happen to mention how I could get him to leave me alone? 48 MICK . No. Now listen, I'm supp--
34) 38) dialog: (deep in thought) I need an exorcist. A priest. LOUD MUSIC starts pounding from the neighbors’ place, snagging Anton's attention. The music is distinctly '80s metal. It's distinctly Iron Maiden.
34) 39) dialog: That's it! He heads for the fence separating his yard from the neighbors'.
35) 0) text: Anton frantically pounds on the back door.
35) 1) dialog: (yanking the door open) Devon? Joe?
36) 0) text: Anton rushes in. The music is louder here -- Maiden's "66
36) 1) dialog: (yelling) Curtis? Anyone home? The living room walls are plastered floor to ceiling with metal band posters: Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, Blue Oyst Cult, Ronnie James Dio, Motley Crue. A huge cloth Union J covers the picture windows, obscuring the daylight. 49 two dirtheads in their late 20s, CURTIS and JOE, are pass out on the couch. ~
36) 2) dialog: Guys! Wake up! He tries desperately to shake Joe into consciousness.
36) 4) dialog: Come on, wake up! I really need your help. Curtis doesn't budge. Anton races for the stairs.
36) 5) dialog: (yelling) Devon! Where ya at? The MUSIC IS EVEN LOUDER by the front door, coming from t front yard. Anton opens the door.
37) 0) text: Anton trips over the source of the heavy metal: a boombox next to a blue Chevy Nova in the driveway. He goes sprawling, coming face-to-face with a PAIR OF LEG poking out from under the MOTHER OF ALL TRUCKS. Anton tugs on the pantleg in a frenzy.
37) 1) dialog: Dev! I need your help. DEVON rolls out from under the truck, lying on his back o creeper -- one of those boards with wheels. About 28, wit scraggly hair down to his shoulders, a thin mustache, and black mesh half-shirt, Devon is pure rocker.
37) 3) dialog: Listen, you've got to help me.
37) 5) dialog: (shaking his head frantically) I'm being possessed. Tell me everything you know about the Devil.
37) 8) dialog: You listen to this shit all the time. You must have picked up some info on the guy.
37) 10) dialog: Beethoven?
37) 12) dialog: I'm telling you, Satan is real and he's lurking me. If you won't help me, can I at least borrow your truck?
37) 14) dialog: (nodding) You know where Retirement Haven is? 51
41) 0) text: Anton hops out of Devon's truck and Devon peels out.
42) 0) text: Anton walks down a long hallway peppered with OLD PEOPLE. Anton passes him, a particularily ancient GENTLEMAN slips from his wheelchair and falls to the floor, DEAD. Anton immediately looks at his own hands as an ORDERLY ru over to check the guy for any signs of life. .
42) 1) dialog: (seriously distressed) I didn't even touch him, I swear! The orderly gives Anton an odd look and Anton hurries dow the hall. .
43) 0) text: GRAMS is knitting in an overstuffed easy chair as Anton appears in the open doorway. He knocks on the door frame.
43) 2) dialog: How's it going, Grams?
43) 5) dialog: That's kinda what I want to talk to you about. .. A. badly-wrinkled OLD MAN moseys in and sits on the arm o Grams’ chair. He puts his hand on her knee.
43) 7) dialog: I was hoping we could speak in private.
43) 9) dialog: Is that right?
43) 11) dialog: Pickin's are pretty slim here, huh, Grams? Grams sighs and nods.
43) 12) dialog: Grams, I really need your help. I know you believe in superstitions and all that dark magic stuff.
43) 14) dialog: Yeah, so I figured you'd understand. See, I...1...
43) 16) dialog: The Devil is using me as an instrument of death.
43) 19) dialog: You're not?
43) 21) dialog: It's Sunday, Grams.
43) 23) dialog: What?
43) 25) dialog: (frowning) Thanks.
43) 29) dialog: (very quietly, pained) Grams, I killed Mom and Dad.
43) 31) dialog: And my friends and-- Oh, no! Grams, what if I . . . What if the Devil makes me kill you, too? Anton staggers backward with huge, scared eyes. ANTON . I better go.
44) 0) text: The TV is on and Anton is kicked back in his usual spot o the couch, happy as a clam.
44) 1) dialog: (to the TV) You tell ‘em, Mr. Furley! PAN DOWN to reveal Anton's hands busily KNITTING. About 3 feet of green scarf stretch across the floor.
44) 2) dialog: (laughing at the TV) And to think, it's all just a big misunderstanding. Suddenly, the front door flies open. In walk the decompos bodies of Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy, their death wounds gapin Jimmy holds his head in one hand and his heart -- still attached to his innards by a vein ~- in the other.
44) 3) dialog: (leaping to his feet) Stay back!
44) 5) dialog: Are you bringing another message from Satan?
44) 9) dialog: (backing up against the TV) I knew it! You guys are gonna smite me!
44) 12) dialog: You're lying. You guys came from hell. Why else would you bring a message from Satan?
44) 15) dialog: Hey, fuck you, I didn't kill anyone on purpose.
44) 17) dialog: Yeah, my grandmother broke it down for me. Idle hands are the Devil's playground. I have to keep my hands busy.
44) 21) dialog: (shaking his head) My hands are the only things I. have trouble controlling. The rest of me responds to my brain just fine. The knitting keeps my hands. occupied while freeing my mind up for other stuff. Anton squeezes onto the couch with the guys and starts watching TV, knitting away. Mick fishes the bong out from under the couch and lights up.
46) 0) text: The four kids sit glassy-eyed on the couch, staring throu haze of pot smoke at the TV as . . . Ruck and McMacy kick door in, guns pointed at Anton's head.
46) 2) dialog: Guys! What's should I do?
46) 7) dialog: (to the boys) Look, I don't want to kill anybody. Well, anybody else, at least.
46) 9) dialog: Jail! That's it! I'll give myself up and they'll put me in a rubber room where I can't hurt anyone! (to the cops) Here, cuff me. Anton holds his hands out in front of him, continuing to knit. Ruck holsters his gun and pulls out his handcuffs. McMacy keeps his gun trained on Anton.
46) 11) dialog: Believe me, that's not a good idea. Just cuff me already. But as Ruck reaches out to slap the cuffs on, Anton SPEAR Ruck's hand with one knitting needle and THRUSTS the othe needle through the underside of Ruck's jaw, up into his brain. Lightening-quick, Anton spins Ruck's body around, using i a shield, as McMacy FIRES his first shot. 61 As bullets spray the dead cop's chest, Anton pulls Ruck's from its holster and SHOOTS McMacy right between the eyes Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy applaud. Anton drops Ruck's body
46) 12) dialog: (distressed) Stop that! It wasn't me! I had no control over my hands. The fucking knitting didn't help at all.
46) 14) dialog: Oh, shitit!! He points the gun at the cop corpses in a panic. The dead boys look at him, puzzled.
46) 15) dialog: Ruck and McMacy are gonna try to avenge their deaths now! Stand back!
46) 19) dialog: What the fuck am I going to do? Satan obviously isn't going to let me turn myself in. (a beat, then--) I know! He marches into the kitchen. The guys haul themselves off the couch and follow him. 62
47) 0) text: Anton grabs the still-bloody knife and pulls out the cutt board. He lays his right hand on the cutting board and RAISES THE KNIFE with his left.
47) 2) dialog: It's the only thing I can think of.
47) 5) dialog: (struggling to push the knife down) It's not me. Satan's trying to stop me. Anton shuts his eyes and concentrates, trying with all hi might to force the knife down, but it WON'T BUDGE. Finally, he jumps into the air, using the entire weight o his body to press down on the back of the knife, forcing THROUGH HIS WRIST and bringing it to a satisfying THWACK against the cutting board. Anton SCREAMS like a man who just cut his own hand off. H lifts his right arm... Not only is blood spewing out fast and thick, but his han still PARTIALLY ATTACHED to his wrist. It DANGLES by a thread.
47) 9) dialog: Mick, be a bud and cut off my hand?
47) 11) dialog: Pnub? Pnub shakes his head too.
47) 12) dialog: C'mon, Jimmy. Please? Jimmy's head dry-heaves.
47) 13) dialog: Fine. Fuck you guys then. Leaning over, Anton lays his left hand on the floor, nudg the knife up onto his wrist, and tries to push it through with his FOOT -- but the blade just keeps falling sideway He doggedly goes back to the cutting board. He grips the knife in his TEETH and bobs his head up and down over his arm, but can only make pathetic little scratches.
47) 16) dialog: (in agony) The pain's really starting to kick in. He holds his arm tight against his chest, sqeeezing his e shut and breathing hard as .. .- the tip of a shiny, double-edged BLADE pokes through the bloody towel, EXTENDING from Anton's wrist. Anton SCREAMS but he doesn't see the blade growing wickedly upward, hea for the soft underside of his chin. The guys GASP.
47) 18) dialog: Jesus.
47) 24) dialog: (in shock) I don't know. 65
47) 27) dialog: (dazed) Okay. The guys take off and Anton is left alone in the kitchen. starts to bury his face in his hands, but thinks the bett of it and buries his face in just his left hand. On the floor below the cutting board, Anton's DISMEMBERED HAND lies in a pool of blood. Suddenly, a FINGER TWITCHES Anton's face is still hidden as his right hand starts INC slowly toward him... Undetected, the hand crawls up his pantleg and onto his shirt, but when the hand brushes against the bare skin at base of Anton's neck, Anton looks down. Before Anton can react, the hand has him by the throat. H falls back against the floor, struggling for breath and pulling at the hand with his left hand. He can't budge the hand. It SQUEEZES TIGHTER. Anton's fac goes pale as he tries to wheeze. The hand's knuckles turn white, squeezing hard. Anton works his blade-appendage between the hand and his throat. Cutting his neck badly in the process, Anton mana to pry the hand loose. With one hard jerk, he sends the hand flying. It smacks against the fridge and falls to the floor, MOTIONLESS. From out of nowhere, CHILLINGLY SINISTER LAUGHTER erupts. As Anton glances around the room in a panic, searching fo the source of the laughter, the hand SPRINGS back up and flies at him as a FIST. It PUNCHES Anton in the jaw. He reels back, punch-drunk, too dazed to resist as the ha grabs Anton's left wrist and sets it on the cutting board The evil hand seizes the knife Anton used earlier and RAI IT above Anton's left wrist as... 66 the DOORBELL RINGS. Anton snaps.out of his daze and pulls his left arm away j as the evil hand THWACKS the knife against the cutting bo The doorbell rings again.
47) 29) dialog: Shit! He goes to look at his watch, but it's still wrapped arou the severed wrist -- FLYING through the air, knife pointe Anton's face. Anton blocks. it with his own blade. As they SWORDFIGHT .
47) 32) dialog: Don't hurt her! I'11l do whatever you want, just don't hurt her!
47) 34) dialog: (yelling) Molly, get the fuck out of here, you bitch! The evil hand pushes its knife hard against Anton's blade backing Anton up against the counter. Beyond it, Anton ca see DOWN THE HALL into the entry way -- Molly's pressing face against the frosted glass, trying to look inside.
49) 1) dialog: No! Stay out, Molly, I mean it!
52) 0) text: Anton reaches to the side with his good hand and pulls a out of the sink. He gives the evil hand a good WHACK, knocking the knife from its grasp. While the hand is momentarily stunned, Anton grabs it and SHOVES it into a ceramic Cookie Monster COOKIE JAR. Holding the cookie jar shut between his chest and right a he pulls rubberbands from a drawer and fastens the cookie lid on tight. He sets the cookie jar back on the counter just as Molly enters. She takes in the bloody cutting board, bloody kni bloody floor, and bloody Anton with a ANNOYED SIGH.
52) 3) dialog: Molly, I'm the killer. : MOLLY . Uh-huh. Not real original, you know. Half the kids at the dance'll be dressed as the killer. That knife hand's kinda ¢ool, though. She reaches out to ‘touch it. Anton backs. away from her.
52) 4) dialog: I'm not kidding. You've got to get out of here.
52) 6) dialog: Molly, listen to me! I-- He stops in surprise as his blade arm turns horizontally front of him and RAISES itself into the air. As Anton sta at it, stunned, the blade PULLS him toward Molly. He pulls back with his good hand, but it's no use. His fe slide across the floor as he struggles to stop himself.
52) 7) dialog: (coming at her uncontrollably) Molly, run!
52) 11) dialog: (struggling) I'm trying! I can't help it! She tries to push him off her, but can't. He tries to hol the blade back, but can't.
52) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, Molly. There's nothing else I can do. He leans in, kisses her, and PRESSES HIS OWN THROAT AGAIN THE BLADE.
52) 13) dialog: At least Satan won't win. In one swift movement, he jerks his head sideways, SLITTI his own THROAT. Everything goes BLACK.
54) 2) text: CLOSE ON Anton's slit throat as the gash miraculously sea itself shut. It doesn't look pretty, but it's obviously doing the job because Anton sits up, dazed. ANTON'S POV: Everything's blurry. He can hear:
54) 5) dialog: Gross.
56) 0) text: Anton's checking Molly's pulse -- he finds it.
56) 1) dialog: Thank God!
56) 3) dialog: (to the room in general) What do you want?
56) 5) dialog: No! 74 He turns back to Molly in a panic. 7 5,
56) 6) dialog: Molly! Molly, wake up! You have to get out of here. Molly! He slaps her face gently with his good hand. She doesn't stir. . As Anton slaps her harder, desperately, his knife-hand RI at his side. Unnoticed, it positions itself above Anton's head, its vicious point AIMED at Molly's forehead. Anton turns from Molly in despair -- and sees his reflect on the oven door: the blade PLUNGES toward Molly. Anton CATCHES THE BLADE in his good hand, just inches fro her face. Blood trickles from his fist, around the sharp metal and down his wrist, as he jerks himself away. He kicks the back door OPEN and runs out.
58) 0) text: Anton's good hand is trashed -- the palm is deeply sliced Ignoring that, he grasps the blade again and PULLS with a vengeance, trying to yank the blade from his stump . . . luck. He peeks under the dishtowel -- his stump has FUSED SHUT around the base of the knife -- it's now part of his body The wound is compltely closed and the blood is gone, but hideous-looking. Anton jerks the dishtowel back into plac
58) 1) dialog: (yelling, enraged) I will not do this anymore! I'm going back inside and calling an ambulance for Molly.. 76 He glances around the dark back yard defiantly, waiting f response. Getting none, he adds:
58) 2) dialog: Ya fuck. As he stalks back toward the house, a sudden wind comes u rustling the leaves on the ground and CHILLING Anton to t bone. He stops short.
58) 4) dialog: (terrified) Holy shit!!!
58) 7) dialog: (barely squeaking it out) Why me?
58) 9) dialog: (stunned) Really? 77
58) 11) dialog: (whimpering) You don't need me. You could do it yourself. Please, just let me have my life back. Satan grabs Anton by the collar and LIFTS HIM OFF THE GRO He's face-to-face with the Devil and scared out of his mi
61) 0) text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy head down the sidewalk toward Anton house carrying a first-aid kit, some frozen burritos, and Jimmy's head, respectively. They see Molly step out of Anton's house, rubbing her temples. She crosses the street toward her own house.
61) 4) dialog: (timid but determined) I can't. I love her. Satan throws Anton to the ground in disgust.
61) 6) dialog: (in disbelief) You wouldn't do anything good for me.
61) 8) dialog: (aghast) You watched??? Satan grins evilly and SHIVERS in the cold wind blowing across the yard.
61) 9) dialog: (getting to his feet) You know what? Fuck you.
63) 0) text: The dead boys arrive to find Anton gone.
64) 1) dialog: (fuming) + + « and, you big, red fuck, you're right, I don't have much of a life anymore. But I'll be damned if I'm gonna spend the rest of it killing people so you can get off. 80
64) 3) dialog: (throwing his hands up) So what? Hell can't be worse than this. (realizing something) And I've been resisting you. If you were so all-powerful, I would've killed Molly already. That's why you showed up, isn't it? Satan's eyes blaze with'’rage. He tries to uncross his ar but his JOINTS have STIFFENED in the cold. Anton looks puzzled as Satan grimaces and forces one stif finger to POINT at the ground. A RING OF FIRE springs up around the Devil. He moves his arms and shoulders slowly as his JOINTS WARM and loosen u Suddenly, a strong wind blows the fire out.
64) 6) dialog: (gritting his teeth) It's worth it.
65) 0) text: His stump DRIPS BLOOD across the kitchen floor as Anton rushes in to find Molly gone.
65) 1) dialog: (yelling, panicked) Molly?? He hears voices in the living room...
66) 0) text: Anton hurries in to find Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy kicking it the couch, watching TV.
66) 1) dialog: Guys! Where's Molly??
66) 3) dialog: (barely paying attention) No. Well, yes, but not today-- He's interrupted by the DING of the microwave. He stops w his hand on the doorknob, eyes wide, turning toward the kitchen in horror.
66) 5) dialog: Don't tell me you let my hand out                         The guys look at each other, slightly embarrassed. Mick lights the bong.
66) 7) dialog: Where's my hand??
66) 9) dialog: Shit. Look, I have to find Molly. Now that I'm not the killer anymore, I--
66) 11) dialog: Satan let me off the hook.
66) 13) dialog: I can't. I mean, I really should check on Molly. Plus, Satan plans on offing a whole shitload of people tonight, and my hand is out there doing who knows what. Don't you think I should do something?
66) 15) dialog: Still, I feel kinda responsible.
66) 17) dialog: (gasping) The dance! That's where Satan wanted me to go! He's.gonna kill everyone at the dance tonight!
66) 19) dialog: No. Not this time.’ I've spent my whole life--
66) 21) dialog: Right. He grabs a set of keys off the desk and leaves.
67) 0) text: Debi's motor home zips past the park, turning onto Anton' street.
68) 0) text: Anton plops down into the seat of his Dad's sportscar. He looks from the STICKSHIFT to his bloody blade hand. It's gonna work.
68) 1) dialog: Fuck!
69) 0) text: Anton races into the front yard and glances around. Throu the chain-link fence, he sees DEVON'S TRUCK parked in the driveway next door. Just beyond him, Debbie's Winnebago is hauling ass toward house.
70) 0) text: As Debi roars into Anton's DRIVEWAY, she sees Anton hoppi the fence. She quickly flips her napkin-map over to revea crude sketch of Anton's head. 84
71) 0) text: Devon's truck is unlocked. Anton yanks the door open and jumps in. With Hot Train perched on her shoulder, Debi hurls hersel out of the Winnebago. The ANCIENT SCROLL GLOWS in her han as she races. around the fence toward him.
71) 8) dialog: Damn, Dev, your new shocks suck! Devon's creeper rolls in the truck's bed as Anton roars a
73) 0) text: The guys head out of Anton's house. Hot Train hops across the yard toward them, with the ANCIENT SCROLL clutched sa in his beak. Mick's eyes light up. He points excitedly at the Winnebag in the driveway, motor still running.
74) 0) text: Anton rings the doorbell repeatedly. Molly's FATHER opens the door.
74) 2) dialog: I know. Is Molly here?
74) 4) dialog: No, sir. I'm just a little late.
74) 6) dialog: No, sir, I don't. Look, I really have to see Molly.
76) 20) dialog: (yelling) Stop the dance! The band crashes to a halt and all eyes turn to Anton.
76) 21) dialog: I'm the killer! A sea of Jasons, Freddies, Mansons, and Nightstalkers sta at him for just a second before going back to their conversations. The band resumes playing. Anton runs on-stage, grabbing the microphone from the sin The band stops again.
76) 22) dialog: (into the mic) I'm not fucking around!
76) 24) dialog: I'm not messing around. You're all in danger here. Go home! The devil's coming to kill you all! The student body scoffs.
76) 25) dialog: Really! He already made me kill my parents, a couple of cops, and Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy! The crowd turns collectively toward the punch table, wher Jimmy is emptying a BEER into the punchbowl. Anton looks stunned to see them there as the three dead boys wave at crowd.
76) 28) dialog: Stupid idiots. They're all gonna die and there's nothing I can do about it.
76) 33) dialog: That's it! I know how to defeat Satan!
76) 35) dialog: No. Jimmy, I need to borrow your keys.
76) 37) dialog: Great. (heading for the door, turning back) Hey, has anyone seen Molly?
76) 39) dialog: Shit! Look, could you guys find. her and get her out of here? I don't want anything to happen to her.
76) 41) dialog: Thanks. I'll be right back. Jangling the keys, Anton bolts.
78) 0) text: Devon's truck is parked beside the building, below the si WARDEN MEATS. The warehouse door is open and Jimmy's keys dangle from the lock. 93 On the side of the meat-packing plant, a silver, industri garage door slides up and open with a CLANG. The massive machine -- with FREEZE-WHIZ 4000 painted on t side -- is balanced precariously on the little creeper fr Devon's truck. Steadying the Freeze-Whiz and pushing from behind, Anton grunts with effort. As he rolls the machine toward the truck, a sudden wind c up. Anton shivers in the breeze and... HEARS a SCRAPING SOUND. He cocks his head and listens- Nothing. He peers over the top of the Freeze-Whiz. Nothin Then the sound comes again -- SCRAPE . . . SCRAPE... It's coming from behind him. He very, very slowly turns to loo over his shoulder... . and sees nothing. Grimly holding his knife-hand at the ready and keeping a sharp, suspicious look-out, he continues on toward the tr
82) 0) text: Devon's truck is parked at a reckless angle in the lot. Anton wheels the Freeze-Whiz, on the creeper, up to the closed gymnasium doors. The horrible band can be heard covering "The Eye of the Tiger" as Anton tugs on a door handle. The door won't bud Puzzled, he pushes the machine around a corner of the sch and finds a single door -~ UNLOCKED. Victorious, he wheel the Freeze-Whiz in. 95
83) 0) text: In the weird blue light of the deserted swimming pool, An goes to plug the Freeze-wWhiz into a wall outlet, but bef he gets there... A quiet CREAK is barely audible from across the room. Ant whirls around to inspect the room -- a door is OPEN at th far end. Anton frowns at it, hesitating -- was it open when he cam in? But nothing moves. Even the water is still. Shrugging he plugs in the Freeze-Whiz. It powers up with a LOUD ROA
83) 2) text: Something's in the room with Anton. His back is turned, h fiddling with the Freeze-Whiz's temperature dial, as it APPROACHES him stealthily. Whatever it is, it's practical breathing down Anton's neck when he TURNS . . . Anton JUMPS, startled, and then looks relieved.
83) 3) dialog: Molly! God, I'm glad to see you! Molly's standing in front of him, hands OUT OF SIGHT behi her back. She smiles.
83) 4) dialog: I want to apologize for, you know, earlier. Hey, guess what, though? I'm not the killer anymore, so you don't have to worry!
83) 6) dialog: Good, ‘cause you've gotta understand that I'm not really like that. I'm a nice guy. As he rambles, we PAN DOWN behind Molly to reveal the SHARPENED CROSS clutched behind her back. 96
83) 7) dialog: Thanks for being so cool about this. You have no idea what it's like to-- Molly brings the cross up over her head and PLUNGES it to Anton's skull. He scrambles out of the way just in time.
83) 8) dialog: Jesus Christ. I guess you do know what it's like! He backs away as Molly advances.
83) 9) dialog: Molly, you don't know what you're doing. I werit through that stage too. You've got to try and clear your head. Molly stabs at him again, but Anton blocks her cross with blade hand, slightly CUTTING HER HAND in the process.
83) 12) dialog: (going to her) I'm sorry. Molly BURIES the cross in Anton's shoulder. He howls as s pulls it out and stabs at him again. This time, he moves before the cross finds its mark.
83) 13) dialog: (backing up against the high dive ladder) Molly, listen to me. I've got a plan to defeat Satan. Your part is easy. All you have to do is not kill me. She's inching toward him, not listening. With his back pressed against the ladder, there's nowhere to go but up. Anton climbs up a step.
85) 0) text: Molly and Anton are up on the HIGH DIVE. Molly LUNGES. Anton SLIPS, falling flat on his back. She looms over him brandishing her cross as... the HAND flies into the room with blood dripping from its skeletal fingers. It beelines straight for the Freeze-Whi and SHUTS IT OFF. Anton hears the machine sputter and go quiet. He turns hi head to look and Molly STABS him in the shoulder again. Anton SCREAMS. Mick, Pnub and Jimmy come into the pool room. 98
85) 3) dialog: Guys! Guys! The guys look around the room, confused. On the diving board, Molly stabs at Anton's chest. He blocks it with hi blade -- but the impact LOOSENS the knife even more and A winces with pain as the knife's base WOBBLES in his stump He grabs Molly's wrist in his good hand and holds it stil
85) 5) dialog: Up here! They look up at the high dive.
85) 6) dialog: (grappling with Molly) You guys have got to turn that Freeze- Whiz back on! It's the only way to beat Satan. The guys eye the machine. The skeletal hand guards it lik pitbull.
85) 12) dialog: Molly, I can't defend myself without hurting you! You have to clear your mind. If you resist, Satan'll show up and we can beat him! He brings his pleading face up close to hers. She squirms trying to wrench her wrist from his grasp.
85) 13) dialog: You can do it, Molly. She snarls evilly at him.
85) 14) dialog: Please. For me. He kisses her softly on the lips. Suddenly, her eyes fill with tears. Anton lets go and watches, holding his breath as . . . Mo convulses, struggling with herself. Her hand, holding the cross, starts to move toward Anton, but Molly flights to it back. Summoning all her strength, she forces her fingers to LET of the cross. It clatters onto the diving board and she collapses on top of Anton. 100
85) 15) dialog: (hugging her) Yes! I knew you'd come through, Molly! A split-second later, Satan appears on the high dive, blocking their way to the ladder.
85) 20) dialog: (nervous but defiant) That's right. He starts to sit up, but Satan plants a massive foot on Anton's chest, forcing him to lie back down.
85) 26) dialog: (holding Molly close) . We've already won. We resisted you. SATAN . Yeah, congrats. Guess what you win, a brand-new fiery death! You two'll burn along with everyone else here tonight. (to the crowd) You can all thank Anton for your early demise. (to Anton) If you hadn't been so much fun to fuck with, I'd've moved on to some other town long ago. Satan laughs as the entire student body glares at Anton.
85) 31) dialog: Yes! (narrowing. his eyes at Satan) Now you're done for. Satan rolls his eyes as the crowd CHEERS. Pnub finally scoops Jimmy's head into the net, but as he turns with it, the end of the pole smacks into the Freeze Whiz, KNOCKING the machine into a corner of the POOL.
85) 33) dialog: (to Satan) Laugh it up, Fucko! He grabs Satan by the ankles and plants his foot firmly i the Devil's crotch. In one swift movement, he heaves Sata over’ himself and Molly, and OFF THE END OF THE DIVING BO The crowd CHEERS again, but Satan just LAUGHS as he plumm In the pool, ICE is SPREADING rapidly out from the Freeze Whiz, heading toward the middle of the pool. In mid-fall, Satan extends his TONGUE upward, WRAPPING IT around ANTON'S THROAT and YANKING HIM OVER THE EDGE TOO. The crowd GASPS.
88) 0) text: Molly and a DOCTOR stand over Anton's bed. Anton's in a f body cast. His eyes are open but unmoving, STARING at a point beyond the Doctor.
90) 0) text: A NURSE enters the room. She looks at F-Troop on the TV a then back at Anton. She waves a hand in front of Anton's face. He doesn't blink. The Nurse shrugs and SNAPS OFF THE Tv. CLOSE ON Anton's horrified eyes.