6) 0) text: By the time Anton makes it out Mick's door, Molly is alre parking the hog in her driveway, at the end of the block. Anton crosses to her side of the street and heads toward with resolve.
7) 0) text: Molly slides her leather-clad butt off the seat and disappears into her house. Anton leans against a tree and looks expectantly at an upper window. Sure enough, a light goes on and Molly moves into view in upper window, a dark-haired goddess of rebellion. Anton gazes wistfully, longingly, up at her until she gla outside and sees him. He averts his eyes and quickly walk away.
16) 0) text: Molly's house is dark. Anton drops to his knees behind th hedge, trying to catch his breath. Bones and Danzig eye h Anton looks through the thick leaves at his house. It's quiet and still, dark except for the entry way light and flickering of the TV in the living room. He yanks the cordless phone's antenna to its full length DIALS 911.
17) 0) text: While Molly watches from her window, Anton pulls out a ticket-rolled doobie. But just as he's about to light up, Danzig lays his head on Anton's leg. Anton looks down to pet the dog -- and suddenly spits his joint across the yard... His purple T-shirt is speckled with small blotches of pai GLOWING in the darkness. He holds up the bottom of the sh a small section of fabric is missing, TORN OFF.
25) 0) text: Anton hightails it across lawns and driveways in utter hysteria, tripping over the hedge and sprawls into Molly' yard. Panting, he leaps to his feet and races down the block. 35
26) 0) text: Anton half-runs, half-stumbles into the park, gasping for breath and checking behind him. ‘Several sections of the park's thick hedge are ROPED OFF with yellow police crime scene tape. He rushes for a set of monkey bars, but the entire struct COLLAPSES just as he's about to duck under it. Anton veers to the right, floundering into the sandbox, a the BLOODY KNIFE THRUSTS up out of the sand in front of h He whirls again, disoriented, as a DISEMBODIED LAUGH fill the park, an evil, bone-chilling rumble rising from nowhe and everywhere. Anton bones out, heading back towards home. EXT. STREET — SAME Anton hurries down the dark street, spooked by every soun and trying hard to keep a look-out in every direction. Suddenly, the KNIFE SHOVES THROUGH THE SIDEWALK between h legs, pointing the tip STRAIGHT UP at his balls. Anton yelps, startled out of his wits, and dives behind a bush in someone's front yard. A LIGHT GOES ON in the house. It's Molly's house. It's Molly's bedroom light. She opens her window and looks dow at the rustling bush.
26) 1) dialog: Who's out there? Anton rolls out of the bush, onto the grass.
26) 2) dialog: (smirking a little) Oh, it's you.
26) 4) dialog: Not a problem. Are you planning to do this all night? 36 The knife puts itself firmly in Anton's -hand again.
26) 6) dialog: Sneak around my.yard. How many times have you been here tonight?
26) 8) dialog: Wait there. She disappears from her window. Of it's own accord, Anton hand brings the knife in front of his body. His other han joins the first on the knife handle and the evil blade PO straight at Molly's door. Anton immediately turns away. Holding the knife over the bush, Anton gives his hands a sharp, fierce BITE. He yelps and drops the knife. It falls into the bush just Molly opens the front door.
26) 9) dialog: Get in here before someone sees you. Anton heads inside and Molly closes the door.
27) 0) text: Anton and Molly enter her room quietly. She looks him up down.
27) 1) dialog: Jesus, look at you. Anton looks at himself. His shirt and Mick's pants are covered with blood, dirt, and bush.
27) 4) dialog: So you ran and hid in my bush? Anton's eyes focus on a letter opener on Molly's desk and gets a QUICK FLASH of the letter opener VICIOUSLY SLASHIN Molly's throat open. Anton shakes the image from his head but POTENTIAL WEAPON seem to leap out at him: a stapler, an extension cord, a hairdryer, a Hello Kitty pen and pencil set. Anton shudders.
27) 6) dialog: It's okay. My parents sleep like the dead. Besides, you shouldn't be on the streets at night. Don't you know there's a killer out there? Anton's hands abruptly grab Molly and pull her close, bringing their faces just an inch apart. Anton plants a passionate kiss on her.
27) 7) dialog: (coming up for air) I'm impressed. The way you've been creeping around and spying on me, I never would've thought you'd have the balls to just kiss me like that.
30) 0) text: Anton wakes with a start and looks at Molly. She's lying the bed, very still. Panicky, he grabs a hand mirror from her night stand and holds it to her open mouth. It fogs u He breathes a sigh of relief. Putting his clothes on, Ant goes to the window and stares out at the cold morning, melancholy, until -- A hand touches his shoulder. Anton whips around in a pani but it's just Molly, wrapped in a blanket. She laughs lightly.
30) 1) dialog: At ease, soldier. What are you doing over here?
30) 3) dialog: Hand me that teddy? Anton gives her the stuffed bear on the windowsill. She pulls a baggie of The Kind from a hole in the bear's bell and Anton smiles. Molly smiles back and rolls a nice, tight joint. They pas it back and forth.
30) 4) dialog: What about the snow plow?
30) 7) dialog: Why'd you build your fort in the street? Anton looks stunned. Finally, in- wonderment:
30) 9) dialog: Better be on your way, babysnakes. My parents might take offense to some dirty, bloody boy banging their daughter. Anton looks at his clothes. They haven't gotten any clean
30) 12) dialog: Hey, whatever loads your bowl. Why don't you come by around seven? We'll go to the dance.
30) 14) dialog: I'll protect you.
30) 16) dialog: Hey! What's your name?
30) 18) dialog: Aren't you in my biology: class?
47) 28) dialog: (calling) Anton?
47) 30) dialog: Anton! Are you home?
47) 35) dialog: Anton, quit being cute and let me in! 67 Anton struggles to shove the hand's knife back, but the h is stronger. It forces Anton's own double-edged blade to press against his face. It BREAKS THE SKIN on his cheek a blood trickles down.
48) 0) text: Molly's dressed in a nun's habit. A wooden cross sticks straight out from her chest and blood glistens around the fake wound.
48) 1) dialog: Dammit, Anton, we're late! I'm coming in.
50) 0) text: Molly tries the doorknob. The door swings open easily, having been kicked in earlier by the cops. She steps insi
51) 0) text: Molly steps over the two cop corpses with a puzzled look. STRANGE SOUNDS ‘can be heard from the kitchen.
52) 0) text: Anton reaches to the side with his good hand and pulls a out of the sink. He gives the evil hand a good WHACK, knocking the knife from its grasp. While the hand is momentarily stunned, Anton grabs it and SHOVES it into a ceramic Cookie Monster COOKIE JAR. Holding the cookie jar shut between his chest and right a he pulls rubberbands from a drawer and fastens the cookie lid on tight. He sets the cookie jar back on the counter just as Molly enters. She takes in the bloody cutting board, bloody kni bloody floor, and bloody Anton with a ANNOYED SIGH.
52) 5) dialog: What's up with those dead cops in your living room? They look pretty real. Are they part of your costume?
52) 8) dialog: Save it for the costume judges. Can we go now? As his blade reaches her throat, Anton shoves Molly back his good hand, trying to keep her out of cutting range. U against the back door, she rolls her eyes.
52) 9) dialog: (unenthused) Fine. Help, help. The killer's got me. 69 But the blade closes in on her despite Anton's efforts. I presses against her throat.
52) 10) dialog: Anton, quit it! That hurts!
54) 3) dialog: (shrieking in terror) Anton! Anton, help! But he can't see her. He shakes his head and focuses on jagged pieces. As his vision sharpens, the pieces become broken cookie jar. shards on the floor. Anton turns immediately to see his disembodied hand CHOKI Molly against the back door. Her screams fade; she BLACKS OUT and COLLAPSES onto the floor.
56) 0) text: Anton's checking Molly's pulse -- he finds it.
60) 0) text: Molly comes to and gets up, looking extremely confused.
61) 0) text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy head down the sidewalk toward Anton house carrying a first-aid kit, some frozen burritos, and Jimmy's head, respectively. They see Molly step out of Anton's house, rubbing her temples. She crosses the street toward her own house.
65) 0) text: His stump DRIPS BLOOD across the kitchen floor as Anton rushes in to find Molly gone.
74) 0) text: Anton rings the doorbell repeatedly. Molly's FATHER opens the door.
76) 0) text: Lame Halloween decorations deck the walls. Costumed TEENAGERS mill about as a BAND PLAYS an horrible, pointle cover of Kenny Loggins' "Danger zone" on the stage and a adult CHAPERONES lean against the walls. Molly enters in her nun's outfit and her friend, TANYA, j her at the punch table.
76) 2) dialog: (still foggy) No.
76) 4) dialog: He never showed, the fuck. I fell asleep waiting for him and now I feel all gross and groggy.
76) 19) dialog: (sighing) I'm going for a walk. As she disappears through the door left unguarded by the dead chaperone... 90 Anton bursts into the gym, his stump bloodier than ever a mushy with DECOMPOSING FLESH around the knife.
77) 0) text: Molly stops at a water fountain, leaning over to drink, w she hears:
77) 2) dialog: (jerking up) What? Silence. Frowning, she’ wipes water droplets off her mout and looks around. A little ways down the hall, a LIGHT FLICKS ON inside a classroom. The door is slightly ajar. Molly slowly, cautiously approaches the classroom. A sign the door reads "SHOP ROOM." She steps in. The door SLAMS shut behind her.
77) 3) dialog: (piercing scream) Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!
80) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Molly's chest as the WOODEN CROSS is yanked out her nun's habit by an unseen hand. We don't see her face; she doesn't resist. CLOSE ON: A whirring, industrial-strength SANDING MACHINE The blunt end of the cross is held to it by the same unse hand and the powerful sander quickly files it into a SHAR POINT.
83) 5) dialog: (still smiling) I'm not worried. .
83) 10) dialog: (screaming)
85) 0) text: Molly and Anton are up on the HIGH DIVE. Molly LUNGES. Anton SLIPS, falling flat on his back. She looms over him brandishing her cross as... the HAND flies into the room with blood dripping from its skeletal fingers. It beelines straight for the Freeze-Whi and SHUTS IT OFF. Anton hears the machine sputter and go quiet. He turns hi head to look and Molly STABS him in the shoulder again. Anton SCREAMS. Mick, Pnub and Jimmy come into the pool room. 98
85) 34) dialog: (screaming) Anton! Anton falls through the air, just seconds behind Satan. Fach, Up, fatan laughs -- as best he can ae tHe teRgue Stic hag out -- as Anton struggles, tugging tongue aroun his throat. SPLASH! Satan hits the pool. The water instantly FREEZES SOLID OVER HIM. Avo A split-second later, Anton SLAMS AGAINST THE HARD ICE wi bone-shattering smack. His knife, knocked completely out his stump by the impact, goes spinning across the ice. Anton doesn't move.
85) 36) dialog: (scrambling down the ladder) Anton! Oh my god, Anton!
88) 0) text: Molly and a DOCTOR stand over Anton's bed. Anton's in a f body cast. His eyes are open but unmoving, STARING at a point beyond the Doctor.
88) 2) dialog: Can he hear me?
88) 4) dialog: (touching Anton's forehead sadly) I can't believe it.
89) 0) text: The Doctor leads Molly down the hall. An orderly wheels a cart of surgical tools past them.
89) 1) dialog: Is there any chance he'll recover?
89) 3) dialog: I appreciate you cutting to the truth, Doctor.