5) 1) text: Anton comes through the window, shivering. MICK, PNUB, an JIMMY, all high-school seniors, are sitting on Mick's bed smoking out and engaging in philosophical debate:
5) 2) dialog: Yeah, and if your mom had teeth, she wouldn't suck dick so well. What's your point? Jimmy finishes his hit, passes the bong to Anton, and spe while exhaling. .
5) 4) dialog: Responsibility, my nutsack. You sit around your dad's meat locker all day and flirt with that old lady who answers the phone. That bitch has less teeth than your mom.
5) 11) dialog: At least until your parents kick your oily ass out.
5) 14) dialog: Party at Anton's!
5) 24) dialog: Bolan's national news, Anton. Seems as if a bunch of hacked-up citizens have been found in this general area over the past week.
5) 29) dialog: At any rate, party at Anton's! 12 Mick lowers the bong and peers out the window.
5) 31) dialog: Molly's lived across the street from you for like, what, ever? I think it's about time you told her about your disturbing obsession with her.
5) 38) dialog: Snowball in hell. They all nod. Mick reloads the bong. 13
20) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy are kicked back on the couch, smoking out. Jimmy changes the channel and Pnub chokes on his smoke, aggravated. 27
20) 1) dialog: What the fuck, yo?
20) 3) dialog: Tom Petty rockumentary, dickhead. Don't change it again. JI want to see that video where he tools around the desert in his space buggy.
20) 10) dialog: (yelling) Anton! You got any grub?
21) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy are ambling toward the kitchen. Anton race past them. 28
22) 0) text: Anton grabs the open mayo jar off the counter -- with the BLOODY KNIFE still sticking out the top -- and shoves the whole lot into the dishwasher. He slams the dishwasher.shut as Jimmy and Pnub enter.
22) 3) dialog: You're a great host, Anton.
22) 25) dialog: Anton, you want me to get that? Anton closes the closet door and rubs out a spot of blood with his shoe.
23) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy, destroying the evidence, immediately star eating their pot and lighting incense, frantically trying wave away the smoke hanging in the air.
24) 0) text: Pnub and Jimmy already have their pot back out, loading t bowls to the last few notes of “You Got Lucky, Babe." On Tv, Tom Petty drives away in his space buggy and the vide ends. Anton steps. up behind the couch, visibly shaken. PNUB . Anton, dude, that was hairy. I couldn't even enjoy the video.
24) 4) dialog: Anton, no one else's parents are out of town. Don't be selfish. (motioning. at the TV) Besides, they're about to show that Tom Petty duet -- you know, with that hippie girlie? We can't go now.
24) 6) dialog: (cutting him off) Shhhhi! It's on. Pnub's eyes are fixed on the TV and he doesn't even look the cause of the loud, sudden SLICING SOUND next to him, the subsequent GURGLE. 33 JIMMY'S HEAD rolls into his own lap, unrestrained by his neck. It bounces just a little, and continues to the floo landing with a dull thud on Pnub's scuffed Chuck Taylors.
24) 8) dialog: Fucking Christ! Anton comes around the couch, looking with absolute terro the huge knife in his hand. Blood (and a little mayo) dri from the knife's wicked tip.
24) 10) dialog: Are you out of your mind?! Snap out of it! It's me, Pnub, your buddy! Anton FIGHTS WITH HIMSELF, holding the knife out at Pnub his right hand and trying to restrain it with his left.
44) 6) dialog: No, we just need a place to kick it. The three corpses plop down on Anton's couch.
44) 8) dialog: So now we're in limbo until we avenge our deaths.
44) 14) dialog: Yeah, why would we go to Hell? We're not evil. I mean, it's not like we're good or anything, but at least we don't go around killing people.
44) 19) dialog: Metaphorical.
46) 3) dialog: (turning) I think-- McMACY (shooting Pnub in the head) Aaahhhh! 60
46) 4) dialog: (rubbing his new bullet wound) I was gonna say I think you should do what the officers tell you, but I changed my mind.
46) 16) dialog: Their asses went straight to Hell, Anton. Heaven frowns on dirty cops.
47) 4) dialog: (relieved) I knew you wouldn't do it.
47) 7) dialog: That looks bad. You should really put something on it. Mick grabs a small kitchen towel, wraps it around Anton's stump, and secures it with a rubberband.
47) 15) dialog: You okay?
47) 22) dialog: Look at that fucking thing. It's gonna get infected for sure.
47) 26) dialog: You wait here, Anton. Try not to move, or you'll lose more blood. We'll be right back to fix you up.
61) 0) text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy head down the sidewalk toward Anton house carrying a first-aid kit, some frozen burritos, and Jimmy's head, respectively. They see Molly step out of Anton's house, rubbing her temples. She crosses the street toward her own house.
61) 1) dialog: Think they did it?
63) 3) dialog: Yeah, and while we're at it, we'll just clean the whole fucking house. This isn't our mess. He rips a paper towel from a roll and places it in the microwave. He sets the frozen burritos in on top of it an turns the microwave on.
66) 0) text: Anton hurries in to find Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy kicking it the couch, watching TV.
66) 4) dialog: Hey, since you're up, would you grab those burritos out of the microwave?
66) 8) dialog: It broke a window and bolted. There wasn't anything we could do. 82
66) 16) dialog: No one's blaming you, Anton. Come on, take a hit. Maybe we'll head Over to the dance later.
66) 22) dialog: Maybe we should go to the dance now. You know, before Satan kills everyone.
66) 25) dialog: We'll touch you up a bit.
72) 0) text: Mick PLUNGES a FORK, pronged-side up, into the top of Jim pulpy neck. He takes Jimmy's head off the counter and SLA it down onto the fork, bringing head and neck together ag Pnub pokes Jimmy's forehead. The head wobbles slightly.
72) 1) dialog: Still a little loose. Mick finds a roll of duct tape in a drawer and wraps it around Jimmy's neck, TAPING his head on tight.
75) 0) text: As Mick drives and Jimmy fiddles with the radio from the passenger seat, Pnub explores the living area. He looks over the murder-oriented news clippings above th refrigerator and then opens the fridge. His eyes go wide.
75) 1) dialog: Beer! 88
76) 17) dialog: It's fucking illegal. Pnub pries Mick away from Tanya.
76) 18) dialog: C'mon, man, you're dead. Think about it. It's gross. Mick shrugs.
76) 31) dialog: You can't spike punch with beer, dipshit. Like the whole school is gonna get drunk because you added a beer or two to that bowl.
79) 0) text: Mick, Pnub, and Jimmy creep cautiously down the dark hall They HEAR SOMETHING.
79) 2) dialog: Yeah. It sounded like flesh being ripped off.
85) 0) text: Molly and Anton are up on the HIGH DIVE. Molly LUNGES. Anton SLIPS, falling flat on his back. She looms over him brandishing her cross as... the HAND flies into the room with blood dripping from its skeletal fingers. It beelines straight for the Freeze-Whi and SHUTS IT OFF. Anton hears the machine sputter and go quiet. He turns hi head to look and Molly STABS him in the shoulder again. Anton SCREAMS. Mick, Pnub and Jimmy come into the pool room. 98
85) 10) dialog: Don't worry, man. I'll get you! Mick, you cover the hand! — Pnub grabs a long pole with a net on the end to fish Jimm head out of the pool as Mick dives at the skeletal hand.