10) 3) dialog: (kicking Anton's grocery bag) Nothing here. You? Anton's hat is in McMacy's hands, being inspected. Anton tries not to look nervous. McMACY He's clean. McMacy leans over and jerks the baseball cap down on Anto head, the secret hiding place undiscovered.
10) 4) dialog: Damn. Relieved, Anton scrambles of the street and scoops his groceries back into the bag.
10) 6) dialog: (sinister) That's right. Let's talk about high school, Anton. McCMACY (hauling Anton to his feet) You and your fancy little clique zipping around on your skateboards. Thought you were too cool for us, huh? Did any of you ever, even once, invite us to get high behind the gym?
10) 7) dialog: (yanking Anton his way) Or to hang at the half-pipe? Or go to a punk show?
10) 9) dialog: Think about that when you try to sleep tonight.
10) 11) dialog: (marrowing his eyes) Empty your pockets, boy!
10) 16) dialog: Jaywalking. Maximum fine, $200. Ruck tucks the ticket into Anton's grocery bag.
23) 2) dialog: Looky who we got here, McMacy. It's Mr. Baggie. 31
23) 5) dialog: (checking his pad) 3604 Clinton Street. That's you.
23) 8) dialog: A prank? You know what the sentence is for playing games with the law, Anton?
23) 11) dialog: I have a better idea. Let's watch him. Closely.
23) 13) dialog: Every move he makes. (pointing a completely serious finger at Anton) We'll be watching you. 32 The cops turn to saunter down the porch steps. Anton slam the door. He fingers Mick's jacket forlornly before headi into the living room.
37) 0) text: Anton trips over the source of the heavy metal: a boombox next to a blue Chevy Nova in the driveway. He goes sprawling, coming face-to-face with a PAIR OF LEG poking out from under the MOTHER OF ALL TRUCKS. Anton tugs on the pantleg in a frenzy.
38) 0) text: Debi's motor home monopolizes several spaces in front of Bolan Police Headquarters. Beside it, Ruck and McMacy pul a HANDCUFFED GUY out of their squad car.
38) 2) dialog: Each? The guy nods. Ruck and McMacy make sure the coast is clea and uncuff him.
41) 0) text: Anton hops out of Devon's truck and Devon peels out.
45) 0) text: A cop car pulls up. Ruck and McMacy hop out and sneak aro the side of the house.
45) 1) dialog: Let's see what our boy's up to. They peek in a window and GASP as they see Anton knitting next to three motionless, open-mouthed corpses. Jimmy's h rests on his lap. Ruck and McMacy duck down.
45) 2) dialog: Holy shit! Anton's the killer! McMACY (standing) We better call for back-up. 59
45) 3) dialog: (pulling McMacy back down) Hold on a sec. If we bring him in ourselves, we'll be heros. McMACY Yeah! But can we do that? I mean, we can't break in there without a warrant.
45) 4) dialog: Piss on the Bill of Rights! We've got just cause! There are three dead kids in there, one of ‘em missing a head. Nobody's gonna fault us for bringing that sicko to justice.
45) 6) dialog: One more thing. That's kid is obviously a Grade-A psychc. Don't feel compelled to bring him in alive. McMACY I never do. The cops draw their guns and creep toward the front door.
46) 0) text: The four kids sit glassy-eyed on the couch, staring throu haze of pot smoke at the TV as . . . Ruck and McMacy kick door in, guns pointed at Anton's head.
46) 1) dialog: Freeze! Anton jumps up. The other three don't even twitch. Anton looks at the cops and then glances wildly around the room a trapped panic.
46) 6) dialog: They are not. You just shot one in the head. And that one's head isn't even attached. They're obviously zombies or something. :
46) 10) dialog: Okay, now drop the knitting needles.
69) 0) text: Anton races into the front yard and glances around. Throu the chain-link fence, he sees DEVON'S TRUCK parked in the driveway next door. Just beyond him, Debbie's Winnebago is hauling ass toward house.
71) 0) text: Devon's truck is unlocked. Anton yanks the door open and jumps in. With Hot Train perched on her shoulder, Debi hurls hersel out of the Winnebago. The ANCIENT SCROLL GLOWS in her han as she races. around the fence toward him.
78) 0) text: Devon's truck is parked beside the building, below the si WARDEN MEATS. The warehouse door is open and Jimmy's keys dangle from the lock. 93 On the side of the meat-packing plant, a silver, industri garage door slides up and open with a CLANG. The massive machine -- with FREEZE-WHIZ 4000 painted on t side -- is balanced precariously on the little creeper fr Devon's truck. Steadying the Freeze-Whiz and pushing from behind, Anton grunts with effort. As he rolls the machine toward the truck, a sudden wind c up. Anton shivers in the breeze and... HEARS a SCRAPING SOUND. He cocks his head and listens- Nothing. He peers over the top of the Freeze-Whiz. Nothin Then the sound comes again -- SCRAPE . . . SCRAPE... It's coming from behind him. He very, very slowly turns to loo over his shoulder... . and sees nothing. Grimly holding his knife-hand at the ready and keeping a sharp, suspicious look-out, he continues on toward the tr
82) 0) text: Devon's truck is parked at a reckless angle in the lot. Anton wheels the Freeze-Whiz, on the creeper, up to the closed gymnasium doors. The horrible band can be heard covering "The Eye of the Tiger" as Anton tugs on a door handle. The door won't bud Puzzled, he pushes the machine around a corner of the sch and finds a single door -~ UNLOCKED. Victorious, he wheel the Freeze-Whiz in. 95