44) 2) dialog: I got a gun. It's a young male voice. The statement stops Della dead i her tracks.
44) 3) dialog: How's about I aim it at your pussy first? The words are emphasized by another boy's shrill giggling Della freezes. This can't be happening! Her eyes are adjusting. The glare phantoms drift out to t limit of her peripheral vision and vanish. She sees three boys in front of her, then a fourth, but s doesn't see any gun.
44) 11) dialog: Now, now, my little brothers. The boys fall silent.   Vinh lights a cigarette. Huey shi
44) 14) text: Chuckie? At least your parents have a sense of humor.
44) 15) dialog: Parents? I ain't got no parents. I named myself.
44) 16) dialog: (to Huey)
44) 18) dialog: And smile, playa. The dopes game and the game's dope. Chuckie leads Huey a few steps to the Plymouth. Huey duck into the back seat. Chuckie keeps his eyes fixed on Della
44) 19) dialog: You got a beef with us, Mrs. Podunk? Della looks defiantly back without answering. Chuckie run his fingers along the hood of the rusty gold Plymouth.
44) 20) dialog: First you put yo hands on my ride! Now, I don't know how you was raised but, in my world, laying your hands on someone else's shit is crossing their line! Then, you go slipping an incendiary note up under my windscreen wipers.
44) 32) text: Chuckie pulls a gun from deep in his army jacket pocket a points it straight at the Rent-a-Cop's face.
44) 33) dialog: Nah. We not in the mood. Chuckie looks at his friends for approval. Huey laughs ag shrill. Tomas grins. Vinh hunches and looks around. The Rent-a-Cop backs away.
44) 36) dialog: These Rent-a-Pig companies are too lame to give their foot soldiers any ammo. Liability laws and all that. Tough shit! The Rent-a-Cop goes for his pistol anyway. Chuckie shoots him in the face. THIS MOMENT CHANGES EVERYTHING. We thought Della was in trouble but now we know she is. The bullet hits the Rent-A-Cop in the forehead. Blood spu from the exit wound. He slumps to the asphalt like a marionette whose strings have just been cut. Bullet smoke hangs in the air where he once stood. Smoke too blackens bullets entry wound. Blood puddles out from the back of h head.
44) 37) dialog: Fuck! It's clear that Chuckie's been acting harder than he is. hand that holds the gun is trembling. The color drains fr his face. All stand riveted in shock.
44) 41) dialog: She ain't going nowhere. We got her Ford blocked in, right? He looks at Vinh who nods then at Huey.
44) 44) dialog: I can just put one through her windshield, right? No one answers. Chuckie turns once more to the Rent-a-Cop whose body still twitches in some final death throe.
44) 45) dialog: Will you just DIE ?!
46) 0) text: Tomas screams at Chuckie.
46) 6) dialog: You gone buck wild, nigga? We ain't going down for shit.
46) 8) dialog: Easy my G. Easy. Chuckie cajoles Huey.
46) 9) dialog: The world is our bitch, right? Huey calms down. Chuckie gently pushes him into the Plymouth back seat bes Vinh.
46) 10) dialog: Get in my fallen soldier. Chuckie opens the driver door.
46) 11) dialog: Shove over Tomas. You know I front the ride. Tomas shuffles over to the passenger seat. Chuckie climbs into driver side. Doors slam. The Plymouth screeches acro the parking lot and exits onto the service road. 48
76) 3) dialog: Save yo talk and get out and push. The sound of car doors opening, feet squishing into the m and cussing. The boys materialize in the light from the headlights.
76) 7) dialog: What's aggravating you now?
76) 9) dialog: Soon as we taken care o' Mrs. Podunk you and the Spanish dancer can hit the next mall. But first you fakers best haul this rider out of the filth.
76) 12) dialog: Trust me dog, hoe's going down execution style before we see the other side o' them bars. Della drops the hood. It makes a faint squeak but doesn't slam down, seems it's stuck open these last few inches.
76) 14) dialog: She ain't gone. Della frantically sweeps pine branches and cones from the hood. But some larger branches are jammed, wedged by the broken tree. When she looks back over for the boys she sees the car headlights are off and there's no sign of them.
77) 0) text: The light illuminates the small cabin of an earth moving truck. The cabin glows like a box in the darkness. There' figure inside: it's Chuckie. He's inspecting a powerful construction flashlight. He switches settings from broad light to concentrated beam. He points the beam through th broken glass window onto Tomas, who's standing on a truck tyre knocking out the rest of the glass with his elbow. Chuckie leaps down through the broken window, pleased wit his find. He switches it to broad beam, whistles.
77) 1) dialog: Won't be long before we find her now. This baby could spot a needle in a haystack! The light dances around illuminating each of their faces seconds at a time. Eerie distorted glimpses. They're traipsing along the rough road, through the mud, towards Della. Their voices grow louder.
77) 3) dialog: This boy loves weed so much he tried to marry Juana.
77) 5) dialog: Listen up skippy: SHE THE ONLY WITNESS.
77) 8) dialog: We gotta take care of her. When she gone. The problem gone. Right? We'll head off then, Huey, just like I said. Huey shakes his head in disbelief.
77) 11) dialog: GET REAL Huey! And shut the fuck up about the stupid ocean. Chuckie gets right up in Huey's face.
77) 12) dialog: I ever break a promise to you? I ever let you down? Huey takes his time to answer.
78) 7) dialog: She ain't dead. Look! Her footprints are all around. When there's enough distance between them and her, she da from the forest's edge into the development and hides beh a half finished house. 80
85) 1) text: She runs into the house and out through the far side. Ski a row of plots of land. Then, she hears Chuckie's mocking voice, echoing through the building site.
85) 2) dialog: 
85) 4) dialog: Della! 87
93) 1) dialog: What was that? The wire drives through her coat and into her right shoul She jerks away but the length of loose barbed wire follow She bites her lip to prevent a pained response. She's caught in its spiral like a trapped animal. She spi around and physically pulls the wire from her back, teari her coat. She casts the wire away from her. Winces. 95
95) 0) text: The whole house is illuminated. She looks up to see four faces looking down at her. Chuckie points the gaze of a powerful flashlight directly into her eyes. The beam almost blinds her. She tries to look away but Chuckie focuses it right in her eyes.
95) 1) dialog: Peek a boo! She shrinks back towards the wall. Her mouth feels dry, s dry. Tomas lifts several planks up and casts them away so they can see her. She's cornered. Chuckie then lowers the flashlights direction and sweeps voyeuristically down across her body. The light lingers on her breasts. Huey whistles appreciatively, picks the game back up from the parking l
95) 4) dialog: You a window shopper little brother. You ain't never even done the old in and out before. Waves of pain spasm through Della's shoulder. The boys snigger.
95) 9) dialog: Back off five minutes, my Ghetto brother. Tomas glares at Della, then lowers his arm. Spits on the ground instead. Turns back to the boys. Chuckie moves forwards and focuses on Della's box?
95) 10) dialog: What's with the man size crast? Della doesn't answer.
95) 11) dialog: You running with the family jewels? Della still doesn't answer.
95) 12) dialog: You rob a bank this morning, Della? Della remains determinedly mute.
95) 13) dialog: Least yo learned something tonight Della honey?
95) 15) dialog: You must be wondering how we come to know your name. Chuckie giggles. Della shivers.
95) 16) dialog: You screwed up Della Myers. Left your purse in the Ford. Chuckie holds up her driving licence and examines it.
95) 17) dialog: What a shitty photo! Chuckie nods to Vinh. Vinh passes his lighter to Chuckie. Chuckie lights the licence on fire. The plastic burns bla and toxic. The flame annihilates Della's name, her date o birth, her face. Pieces of plastic unfurl and drift up through the empty windows and doors of the unfinished hou
95) 19) dialog: Guess you won't be needing it no more. Della stares defiantly, fighting back the internal nausea caused by this symbolically brutal act. Chuckie maneuvers the light back in her eyes then right b on his own menacing face. Then, back again on her face. S becomes disoriented.
95) 20) dialog: So what's in the box? Della remains mute, looks away from the beam.
95) 22) dialog: Nah, it ain't about to rain diamonds, Huey. But maybe she cashed in her life savings. Planned to take off, start a new life. Della tries to swallow but her throat is too dry.
95) 23) dialog: That right Della?
95) 25) dialog: Open it. They crowd closer toward her. Dark forms with eyes glinting. Their voices echoing.
95) 28) dialog: 
95) 35) dialog: Shut up.
95) 37) dialog: 
95) 39) dialog: And don't be using the N word. You ain't representing. GOT IT. That right Huey? HUEY. Get up Huey. HUEY
95) 44) dialog: My little brother. Tomas approaches. He pushes Chuckie gently out of the way so he can see. He stares down at Huey's bloody meshed face. Tomas stagge backwards and crosses himself.
95) 46) dialog: You tread on my boy's face. YOU KILLED HIM.
96) 2) dialog: 
100) 1) text: Tomas stops and watches Vinh. Vinh continues to get into the music in his solemn Japane punk style. The juxtaposition between the hard core rap m and the serious vibe that Vinh is sending out shows us th this is really important music to him. It's a theatrical tableau - Della overhead, looking down on the clearing. Vinh transfixed by the music. Tomas stone silent, watching Vinh. It plays out for a poignant moment. Like they're all part some spiritual rite about to be consummated. Vinh pours some beer onto the ground at Huey's feet. A sm tear runs down his stoic face. Then CLICK. The blaster is abruptly turned off by Chuckie appears out of the shadows behind it. He stares a beat at Vinh like he can't believe what he's seeing. Vinh keeps on moving like he's in a trance.
100) 2) dialog: What the fuck you doing? Vinh doesn't reply. Stares down at the ground, keeps on w his weird dance. Chuckie moves towards him. Tomas grabs Chuckie, tries to stop him from going for Vinh, but Chuck shrugs him off. Chuckie reaches out and shakes Vinh. No response. He shak him again.
100) 3) dialog: I asked you what your deal is, sand dancer? The second shake sort of breaks Vinh out of his trance. H shivers.
100) 5) dialog: A what?
100) 7) dialog: Your brain even smaller than 'em slits for eyes? Vinh slouches defiantly over to the blaster and presses t 8 replay.
100) 8) dialog: Keep on banging out that ghetto ass shit and you'll alert every cop in Podunk county.
100) 10) dialog: You checked out, right?
100) 12) dialog: Get a grip, skippy. Vinh rubs his face. He's getting a grip all right. Chucki slams off the blaster.
100) 13) dialog: Huey's DEAD. And ain't no requiem gonna resurrect his ass. He down under the ground now with the real men of respect. The three boys stand somberly in silence, each paying internal homage to their dead friend. Chuckie hardens his heart against the tears that threaten to flow. Tomas trembles, mumbles.
100) 15) text: This breaks the moment. Chuckie snaps back.
100) 16) dialog: Well he dead. That's it for him. OVER. But we still here. Hell, yeah. Payback's gonna be a real bitch for a real bitch. Vinh wipes away his tears.
100) 18) dialog: You best hope not, genius. She gone, we gone. Chuckie paces around the circumference of the clearing.
100) 19) dialog: 
101) 1) text: She might never see her kids again. Another sob. She heaves with the release of emotion. More tears escape. Another sob. She tries to bite it back Wills herself to stop. Finds that rage takes sorrow's place. Rage and self recrimination. Goddamit! She's gonna be raped and killed because of some stupid note! And God knows what will become of the kids. Kenneth always told her she had a temper. That she reacts without thinking of the consequences. This time the basta was right. She looks again at the picture. Chuckie's voice booms out into the night.
101) 2) dialog: 
101) 5) dialog: She was right here. Must a saw your dumb ass tribute and everything.
101) 6) text: Vinh glares at Chuckie. Chuckie grins at Tomas.
101) 7) dialog: Bulgari? She looks more like she rocks that number five shit.
102) 1) dialog: There more of her footprints. Tomas and Vinh just stand like zombies. Chuckie pushes Vinh.
102) 2) dialog: What you waiting on? Jackie Chan? Vinh plods clumsily down the incline, followed by Tomas. Chuckie sweeps the flashlight across the gulch looking fo sign of Della. Chuckie shifts his focus to climb down the steep slope. A the light sweeps back across the gulch we catch a glimpse Della between some rocks at the far side. But the boys' e are elsewhere, focused on the steep incline ahead of them Della quickly ducks, draws her toolbox in tight and crouc low between the rocks. She watches the boys carefully as climb down the gulch. There's the sound of a stumble followed by a splash.
102) 7) text: Chuckie sweeps the flashlight towards them. Della sees Vi trudging out of the stream, Tomas descending the last few feet of the other side of the gulch and Chuckie midway up Vinh jumps up and down trying to kick the water out of hi sneakers.
102) 8) dialog: Zipperhead!
102) 10) dialog: You know we don't speak the Chinky.
102) 12) dialog: I stole it. I get to use it. That's how it works. That right Tomas?
102) 15) dialog: There you go, bro. He hands the flashlight over to Vinh. Vinh reaches for it Chuckie pulls it away.
102) 16) dialog: April Fool. Naw, wait a minute, it ain't April. Must be Christmas fool. Tomas smirks. Vinh hangs his head down. They search for m prints, can't find any in the immediate area. Chuckie shi the flashlight at the foot of a big rock.
102) 17) dialog: Her footprints disappear at the big rock.
102) 19) dialog: Head on up and search the slope. I'll guide your way with the flashlight. Chuckie sweeps the flashlight across the gulch. Della duc Della needs to get out of there and fast. They begin to ascend the rocks. Chuckie keeps the flashli slightly ahead of them. Della crawls stealthily between and behind the rocks, kee as low as she can. Dodging the approaching light. The boys crawl across and up and between the rocks with t dexterity of animals. Della's so low she's scraping her k and hands to shreds. She can see ahead where the rocks end and the trees begin What was she thinking hiding here? It was too exposed.
102) 22) dialog: 
102) 32) dialog: What? Chuckie looks around, hoping against hope that Vinh may b right, that Huey may just be alive. Vinh becomes perplexe
102) 34) dialog: Sure you did, bro. Chuckie puts his arm around Vinh and helps him up the roc side. Vinh is shivering so hard he's almost sobbing. Just ahead Tomas pulls himself up and over the ledge.
103) 0) text: Tomas catches up with Della, chases her into the trees. Behind him Vinh hoists himself up over the ledge, then Chuckie. Della runs. Faster than she's ever run before. Practicall flies through the trees. Her breath comes hard. His too, just behind her. Their footfalls crash into the foliage. It's dark, so dark. She's running blindly. And they're right behind her. Tomas swipes at her. He jus misses. He swipes again. A twisted shape looms ahead, almost blocks her path. She runs right up to it then darts left at the last momen setting up Thomas who's right behind her. Tomas runs into the stump of a big old tree trunk, hits himself at groin level. He doubles over in pain.
104) 8) dialog: Curb the squealing. You a gangsta or a boy scout? Vinhs voice is breathless and jittery.
104) 10) dialog: Tomas is one hard son of a bitch. He got her strung up from a tree by now and you know it. But Chuckie doesn't look so sure. Vinh charges ahead into darkness.
104) 14) dialog: It's a big old tree trunk, you paranoid gook. Chuckie tries to take the flashlight back from Vinh but V won't give it. Chuckie doesn't persist. Vinh keeps going, shivering and blustering. Vinh senses something. He shines the flashlight behind th tree trunk. Still nothing. Sweeps back. Della darts between the evergreens behind them. She conce herself in between the trunks and branches. Braces hersel waits for the right moments, the ones when they're not looking, to run between the trees. Cognizant enough to kn they just want to find Tomas right now. She seems to be o autopilot, becoming numb as the minutes stretch on. She watches Vinh plod forward and through the brush. He h every inch of it with the flashlight. Sighs. Doubles back follow Chuckie. Then, the flashlight catches a glimpse of something. Swee back, illuminates Tomas's dead body, splayed out on the m at the foot of the tree, eyes staring wide, bloody, ghast Tomas's Catholic cross pendant glimmers in the flashlight Silence until Vinh falls to his knees in front of Tomas, tries to speak but only a whisper comes out.
104) 16) text: Chuckie realizes from Vinh's demeanor that something real is wrong. He hesitates a moment, then rushes over to Vinh stares too at Tomas's body, gulps back the desire to scre He punches his fist hard into the tree behind Tomas' body instead. A shower of pine needles rains down on them. Chuckie grabs the flashlight and sweeps it away from the body, grabs Vinh's arm, grounding him. Vinh sobs and shakes.
104) 18) dialog: It was a stupid ass accident killed Huey. You know that. And Tomas.... Chuckie chokes up despite himself. He stands up, brushes the pine needles off his tee shirt. He paces back and forth. He pulls the gun out from deep in his jeans. Della creeps between the trees behind them. She appears f second or two, like a ghost, behind the next tree. Chuckie defiantly fights back tears.
104) 19) dialog: I promise you this. He kisses the gun.
104) 20) dialog: This baby's gonna cancel her Christmas. Della darts between the trees, faster now. Their voices follow her.
104) 23) dialog: You in America now, dude, where the ghosts bleed.
105) 11) text: The stream winds around a bunch of rocks ahead. For just moment she's invisible to them. She uses it. When she rea the rocks, she dives out, ducking below the glare of Chuckie's flashlight, down behind the rocks. 107
106) 0) text: She creeps up the muddy embankment hiding deep in the sha of some wiry shrubs, as close to the mud as her back will allow. The boys stop by the rocks. Chuckie sweeps the flashlight the muddy embankment, looking for a footprint, a sign of She tries to creep through the midst of the brush to avoi leaving prints. Tries to stay quiet as a mouse. Stops whe she sees the flashlight sweep by. If she can get to the top, she can make another run for i All of a sudden, it grows dark. The boys must have switch the flashlight off or maybe the battery's dead. She liste hard for their footfalls. Nothing. 108
108) 0) text: Vinh and Chuckie are arguing in whispers. Vinh's pale and shivering hard.
108) 2) dialog: Nah, yo got the yellow fever. Vinh sulks.
108) 4) dialog: She got to be hiding up on the slope? You head up first and I'll follow with the flashlight. The light sweeps past her. Della shrinks further into the branches of the tree. She crunches her foot against a bra
108) 7) dialog: Never would've pegged you as a pussy, Vinh. Even when Huey and Tomas called it, I always defended your ass.
108) 9) dialog: She a skinny ass bitch, too. Can't be weighing in at more than one twenty. Scene 109Page 77
108) 12) dialog: I ain't speaking ill o' the dead.
108) 14) dialog: Anyways, when you ever shot a gun? Probably miss and shoot yourself in the foot. Vinh paces, braces himself to head up after Della. 110
109) 1) dialog: That's the spirit gangsta. Holler if you see her and I'll shoot. Vinh glares back at Chuckie.
109) 3) text: She sees the silhouette of four large crows as they burst through the branches above and up into the patch of sky between. The crows circle the patch of sky above, like a Greek cho She looks back down for a sign of Vingh. Sees nothing. In along a branch to see better. The light sweeps back and up through the trees into her e line, disorienting her. She hears footfalls so close by they must be under the tr Her eyes have barely readjusted when she sees him: Vinh standing under the tree scanning the area for a sign of h She stares down at him, frozen, holding her breath. The flashlight illuminates the whole tree, then sweeps aw up the embankment. But Vinh's seen something. He makes out her footprints un the tree. He leans down to check, then rises, looks up through the branches. Their eyes meet. He opens his mouth to shout for Chuckie. She LEAPS down through the branches. Lands THUD on his ba
109) 6) dialog: Vinh? Panic has crept into Chuckie's voice.
109) 7) dialog: 
109) 11) dialog: Della?
109) 13) dialog: Delllaaa?
110) 1) dialog: There's only you and me, now.
110) 4) dialog: I saw a little trail of your blood back there. You must be hurt. Della checks out the bite mark on her arm to find it's st bleeding.
110) 5) dialog: I'm hurting too. I think you busted up my collarbone. His black silhouette appears ahead between the gray trees
110) 6) dialog: I know you can hear me, Della. Chuckie sniffs.
110) 7) dialog: I can smell your blood, your sweat. I know you're close. Chuckie's eyes glint in the darkness.
110) 8) dialog: After what went down tonight, we got a special bond. Della listens, transfixed. His dark shape beckons to her.
110) 9) dialog: May as well come out now, Della. She doesn't move. She watches him pace around trying to work out where she He pulls out a pack of cigarettes, taps one out, lights i Inhales. Exhales.
110) 10) dialog: I'll save one for you, for when you decide to come out. He inhales again, exhales. He laughs admiringly.
110) 11) dialog: You're one tough bitch.
110) 13) dialog: And that's hot, hell yeah. Frustration breaks through his voice. She can see his sha form moving through the darkness towards her. He stops.
110) 14) dialog: And they're really cute. Chuckie clicks on the flashlight, shines it straight ahea right in between the plastic wrapped trees. Della freezes.   They? Chuckie's eyes penetrate the darkness.
110) 15) dialog: Twins huh?     Terri and Tammi. Della doesn't move. Terrified.
110) 16) dialog: I bet you could use that cigarette now Della honey? (he chuckles)
110) 18) dialog: Now I know where they are living, I'm thinking I may stop by after and say hello. Della wants to run at him so bad she almost hyperventilat But she also knows that's what he wants and she refuses t give him the satisfaction. We move in closer on Chuckie. He's looking right at where she's hiding, pure malevolence hardening his face to a ma
110) 19) dialog: They wouldn't know a damn thing about what happened to Mommy while she was out, would they, Della?
110) 23) dialog: I figured that would help you find your voice! Della crouches further in behind the felled trees. Why th hell did she shout? She could have been hiding anywhere. he must know for sure where she is.
110) 24) dialog: Don't worry. I would never touch them. It's wrong to hurt kids! Right, Della? She clamps her mouth closed. Chuckie continues waltzing toward her, stops about twelve feet away. He stares in between the felled trees like he has x-ray vision.
110) 25) dialog: The game's over. Chuckie laughs.
110) 26) dialog: You won! Sadness creeps into his voice.
110) 27) dialog: You took him from me...He was only seventeen years old. And all he ever wanted to do was see the ocean. And he never saw it. No, he never got to go. Chuckie's grief sits like a stone in his throat.
110) 28) dialog: They're all gone now. Chuckie coughs, a dry laboured cough. He hocks long and deeply in his throat. But whatever it is he can't spit it out. He rubs his throat and collarbone gingerly.
110) 30) dialog: You know the movie "Clockwork Orange"?
110) 32) dialog: Well, they were my droogies, Della.
110) 33) text: Chuckie sighs.
110) 34) dialog: Chances are they would of turned on me anyway, just like in the movie.
110) 35) text: Chuckie paces around, deep in thought.
110) 36) dialog: None of them was real ass outlaw. No, not in the way you are. You're the real deal, lady.
110) 38) dialog: I was already thinking about cutting some of em loose, getting a new style posse together.
110) 40) dialog: How's about it, you and me?
110) 43) text: Chuckie reaches down, retrieves her diary from the dirt. cringes.
110) 44) dialog: Monday night mechanics. Tuesday Pilates. Wednesday Spanish. Thursday, I wish....
110) 47) dialog: Face it, Della. You ain't no suburban housewife. Chuckie's eyes dart around in the darkness.
110) 48) dialog: So you bought into the big lie, even tried to live it. Who could blame you? Husband, kids, security, every woman's dream, but not yours, Della. You know there ain't no such thing as security. He coughs some more.
110) 49) dialog: But I'm betting you didn't really know who you were until tonight. I reckon I know what you've been dreaming about though, what you've been aching for, through all these lonely, wasted years. Blasting out of Podunk without never looking back. Feeling the wind in your hair and the dirt of life between your fingers. Doing all the things they told you you ain't supposed to do. Taking what YOU want from life. And wasting anyone who stands in your way. Right, Della? She closes her eyes like she's seeing it all behind them.
110) 50) dialog: Don't say you ain't thought about it. If it's in your blood, it's in your blood for all time. A longing sigh sneaks out.
110) 51) dialog: You had yourself fooled, Della. A single tear runs down her cheek.
110) 52) dialog: Shit, lady, you took my whole crew out with nothing but a bunch of them tools. She opens her eyes. Scene 111Page 86
110) 54) dialog: You can't go back to your old life. No way. It's all over for that. Kaboom. She doesn't know what to say.
110) 55) dialog: Hooking up with me's about the best chance you got. He sounds deadly serious, seductive even. She's lost in s kind of trance, looking like she just might believe him. Can she possibly be believing this?
110) 56) dialog: I bet you're on the outs with your old man. She inhales sharply.
110) 57) dialog: When we pick up your kids, we can waste him if you like. She holds the breath in.
110) 58) dialog: I can do it. Or you can if you're ready. Della exhales, responds.       She seems lost to us.
110) 60) dialog: Leave the tools.
110) 62) text: Della steps around the plastic wrapped trees and between stumps. She heads towards him, slowly, deliberately. Chuckie's hands are by his sides. She stops a few feet aw from him. She can see him up close. The clearest view of him yet. T both look like they've been to hell.
110) 63) dialog: Hell of a night, huh? He lays the flashlight on the ground and turns the lens t point up through the trees and into the sky between them.
110) 65) dialog: Shit happens. They stare at one another, all alone in the night. A know moment stretches between them. She notices the gash of matted blood and bruising on his collarbone.
110) 67) dialog: I wanted to look you in the eye before I kill you. Della doesn't react.    He brings up his hand, gun clutch pointed and ready. Della surprises him and us.
110) 70) text: Chuckie is puzzled.
110) 71) dialog: Huey?   Huey's .... He glances to the side for a split second, turns the gun he turns his head. It's enough. Della slips the flare out her pocket and opens it in his face. Before he even has time to react she LEAPS at him with al the spring left in her legs. Her fingers close around the wrist with the gun. The flare falls aside casting its fiery glow across them. She crashes her good shoulder into the spongy place where collar bone is broken. It makes the ugly noise of sinew tearing.
110) 72) dialog: 
110) 74) dialog: You're even better than I thought. He pushes his mouth hard up against hers to stop her chin returning to the wound. She tries to pull away but he onl presses harder. Neither can break away. It's unclear who's got the gun. They roll until she suddenly pulls away, sits up. But he has her and she has him in a fatal leg lock. Scene 111Page 89