2) 5) text: The sound of footsteps are followed by the door opening. DELLA peers into the room. She's a diminutive blonde in h thirties with fine features and a fading Southern accent. She's pulling a coat on over a white shirt and jeans. She sees the broken doll.
2) 6) dialog: SHOOT, KENNETH! That's Tammi's favorite doll.
2) 16) text: Kenneth clearly thinks he's funny. Della glares a warning him and bites her lip to stop a vitriolic response escapi from her mouth.
2) 17) dialog: I'm going to the mall for wrapping paper.
2) 18) text: A trail of kids mess in the hallway behind Della catches Kenneth's eye.
2) 20) text: His sad eyes meet hers in confrontation. Della, determine not to engage, averts hers. Kenneth, unable to contain himself, faces her.
2) 25) dialog: Put the twins to bed by eight. Give them a chocolate cookie with their milk.
3) 0) text: Della climbs the stairs. Framed photographs on the wall t the public story of her life. The engagement to Kenneth, their wedding, the birth of the twins, Kenneth's graduati Kenneth as a sixth grade football star, Della on the farm Ohio with her horse, a really young Della playing basebal with her father. We linger on a photo of a very pretty tw something Della in a little black dress. 5
4) 0) text: TERRI and TAMMI are seven year old twins with the delicat blue eyed blonde looks of their Mother. Della stands in the doorway and watches them. Tammi is lying on her girlish bed drawing with crayons. Terri's toy dinosaurs are destroying Tammi's heirloom dol house, starting with the furniture. She steps into the room.
4) 3) dialog: You better leave Santa a note. It's only three days until Christmas.
4) 7) dialog: The Mall. One chocolate cookie each and then Daddy will read you a bedtime story.
4) 11) dialog: Tomorrow night I'll read you the best bedtime story in the whole world. I promise.
4) 12) text: Della gives them a little wave and turns to leave.
4) 13) dialog: I'll check in on you both when I get back. (beat) To make sure you're sleeping.
4) 15) dialog: Thank you, Tammi, it's wonderful.
4) 16) text: Della doesn't have time to look at it properly so she fol the drawing up and puts it in her pocket. She kisses Tamm again and turns to leave. Tammi's eyes follow her mother she walks away. 6
5) 0) text: Della checks her watch and hurries down the stairs. 7
7) 0) text: Della collects a packet of cookies from a cabinet. She lo at the pile of dirty dinner dishes in the sink then looks away. 9
8) 0) text: Della leaves the cookies at the bottom of the stairs and opens the front door. The TV blares out some action flick from Kenneth's ajar door.
9) 0) text: Della is met by a blast of cold evening air and the eerie silence of the suburbs. She closes the door softly behind and rushes along the path to the driveway where the famil black Ford Explorer is parked. She CHIRPS the remote and quickly climbs in. 11
10) 0) text: Della inserts the key and turns it in the lock.    The ca sputters in defiance against the cold night.
10) 1) dialog: Frick!
10) 3) dialog: C'MON...
15) 0) text: Della smiles mysteriously, reaches into the glove compart with her free hand. She pushes aside a bunch of car paper flare, pulls out a check wallet hidden underneath - her secret hiding place for: A nice pack of Marlboros. She smiles again - the smile of secret smoker. She presses the cigarette lighter into the dashboard. The lighter pops out. She tips out a cigarette, sees a sticky note attached to the interior foil. Scrawled in me handwriting are the words - YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE QUITTI DELLA HONEY. XOXO KENNETH.
15) 1) dialog: I'll get right on that Kenneth honey. AFTER you stop drinking. Scene 16Page 8
16) 0) text: A few cars pass Della in the night. Their lights are like torches in the suburban wilderness. 18
17) 0) text: There is the familiar ring of a cellular phone. Della has programmed one of those "oh so cute" recognizable tunes i it, like the "William Tell overture". Della holds the wheel with one hand and fumbles through h purse with the other. She eventually locates the phone.
17) 1) dialog: Hello?
17) 3) text: Della rolls her eyes.     This is not a welcome call.
17) 4) dialog: Oh, hey.
17) 6) dialog: Sure. How are you?
17) 8) dialog: How'd you get my cell number?
17) 9) text: Della balances the phone while she drags on her cigarette
17) 13) dialog: And how'd that go? Did he give you an earful for disturbing his ninety ninth viewing of Lethal Weapon Four? Mary giggles.
17) 15) dialog: Well, with the way you flaunt your double D boob job at the free fun PTA events that's hardly a surprise. Fortunately for her the phone happens to make a deep meta distortion at that moment.
17) 17) dialog: Oh nothing, Mary.
17) 19) dialog: Well that wouldn't be hard. Mary, do you need something? Cause I gotta go.
17) 22) dialog: TOOL SCHOOL?, Ouch, Mary. Do It Yourself Mechanics is without a doubt the most interesting thing in my life right now. (Smiles)
17) 23) text: I carry my beloved toolbox in the trunk at all times. The desolate road disappears behind Della.    She passes roadside memorial.
17) 25) dialog: Sorry, Mary, I'm skipping this week. Kenneth's parents are coming to stay for Christmas. You know how it is. A red light looms ahead. Della slows.
17) 27) dialog: You check with her, Mary.
17) 29) dialog: You too. (Under her breath)
17) 32) dialog: Bye, Mary.
17) 33) text: Della stops at the red light. She clicks off the phone an lets it lay on her lap. She rakes about among a bunch of kids stuff in the back s casts aside, an anorak, mittens, a sock. She finds what she's looking for, a bottle of water, caug on the bar under the passenger seat. It's only a third fu but she takes a sip, recoils from its coldness. The light changes.   She throws the bottle into the back 19
19) 0) text: Della picks up the phone and pushes a few keys. She has n dialed enough to make a full phone call when we hear the phone RING on the other side.
19) 2) dialog: The Learning Academy. Spring Street.
19) 6) text: Press your pound key now to connect with your request. Della presses the pound key and drives straight ahead.
19) 8) dialog: Hi Meghan.     It's Della Myers.
19) 10) dialog: Yes I knew.
19) 12) dialog: Okay. Frustrated, Della turns on the radio.    It is some innoc local ad.
19) 15) dialog: Can you leave word for Mike. I'm going to miss tomorrow's Mechanic's class. It's just the one time.
19) 18) dialog: I guess some people find it boring.
19) 20) dialog: Yes you will...unless I run off and become an outlaw or something. Meghan giggles. We hear the familiar beep of another call coming in.
19) 21) dialog: I have to go.
19) 23) dialog: You too. Della clicks the phone over to the incoming call.
19) 24) dialog: Hello?
19) 26) dialog: Where are you? Grand Central Station?
20) 0) text: The car SCREECHES to a halt. Della almost didn't see it. is at a railroad crossing, the third car in line, and she almost rear-ended the car in front of her.
20) 1) dialog: 
20) 5) dialog: I almost rear-ended a car. Cassie? The phone cuts out. The train starts to go laboriously pa Carriage after carriage of brand name building materials new housing developments. Della lights another cigarette. She turns on the radio again, finds a station playing "Th Sound of Silence". The crossing gates go up.   The cars ahead of her start. Della shifts into drive. The phone rings its special tune again.   Della turns the volume of the radio down.
20) 6) dialog: What's up, Cassie?
20) 8) dialog: Huh? One of those rubber balls, I think. I'm headed over there now. Ran out of Christmas wrapping paper. Would you believe it?
20) 10) dialog: Aw shoot. My cell battery's dying. She rifles about in the passenger seat, leans over to the back, and rifles about there among the kids toys, gives u
20) 11) dialog: Damn, I must have left the charger in the other car. Scene 21Page 15
20) 14) dialog: No....I'm just. I mean I'm. Oh nothing. The phone beeps again.
20) 16) dialog: It can't be that bad? The light up ahead turns amber then red.    Della stops.
20) 17) dialog: Why don't we meet somewhere for a drink?
20) 19) dialog: A latte's fine. Let's meet at the fountain opposite Victoria's Secret. The light changes and Della drives up and over a hill.
20) 21) dialog: My battery's going. I'm a block away. See you in five minutes.
20) 23) text: Della lets it drop onto her lap. She opens the window and flicks out the remains of her cigarette. She waves her ha to fan away the smoke. She closes the window again. She's about to hide her cigarettes again when she changes mind and stuffs them directly into her purse. As the car approaches the cusp of the hill she slows down stare ahead. 22
22) 0) text: For a second, Della contemplates turning around and leavi The guy in the SUV behind her beeps. She steps on the gas
22) 1) dialog: Okay, okay! Her car careens slowly down hill to the lot. 24
23) 0) text: The road spits her out in front of the Mall entrance wher revellers and shoppers are entering and exiting. Della follows several cars down the first long row of par cars. The asphalt is wet from the recent rainfall. Puddles gath in its dents and hollows. She passes car after densely parked car. There isn't a sp in sight. She reaches the end of the row and indicates le turns down the next row, ploughs through a rain puddle wh splashes up onto a MOTHER who's walking her little GIRL a BOY back to their car. The woman shouts at Della.
23) 3) dialog: Sorry! The Mother's weighed down with shopping bags. She glares Della and drags her kids across the aisle in front of her Della sighs, drives down the second aisle. An Escape midway down the row blocks traffic. It's waitin for a Subaru to pull out so it can take the spot. 25
24) 1) dialog: Lucky son of a ..... The Subaru exits the spot slowly. Della taps her impatien fingers against the steering wheel. 26
25) 0) text: The Subaru pulls away and the Escape snaps into the empty space. Della continues her journey down to the end of the row. T are no spaces. 27
28) 0) text: Della looks on for a moment at the confrontation. She gri out the stub of her cigarette into the ashtray, slams it closed.
28) 1) text: Della shakes her head and turns left into row five. Jesus Are there really this many cars in Pleasant Valley? It's brand new Mall and the only one around for miles but this ridiculous. Della reaches the end of row five quickly. She guessed th wouldn't be a spot so she's driving faster. She notices a portly middle aged RENT-A-COP directing tra ahead. She lowers her window.
28) 2) dialog: Hello? The Rent-a-Cop stops directing and approaches the car.
28) 4) dialog: Do you know where I can definitely find parking?
29) 0) text: At the end of this row, Della decides to take the Rent-A- Cop's advice. She makes another left at the aisle and ski several more rows. She heads down to the third from last 31
30) 0) text: Cars... cars... If she never sees another car it will be soon. Della spies a spot, halfway down the row.
30) 1) dialog: Yes!
30) 3) dialog: Unbelievable! She brakes in the nick of time and sighs deeply. She's starting to lose her patience now. 32
31) 0) text: With no options left, Della heads down to the very last r More cars fill the spaces. And then - two spots. The last two spots in the car park. They overlook undeveloped land just beyond the mall. Small concrete bumps signify the en each space. 33
32) 0) text: Della whips the car into the first one. She sighs with relief as she straightens the car up into the spot. She s for a second trying to calm herself down but it isn't working. She reaches for another cigarette, then, talks herself out of it. She fastens her coat, grabs her purse and opens the door. 34
33) 1) dialog: 
34) 0) text: Shoppers are buying freshly felled Christmas trees from a vendor. Della squeezes past and pushes through the mall doors. 36
35) 0) text: A wave of heat and Christmas lights hits Della. A wave of nausea follows as she is swallowed by the crowd of last minute shoppers. Distorted muzak versions of Christmas so seep from invisible speakers. Della gets caught up in a line of children waiting to see Santa in his grotto. She squeezes through and makes her w towards the fountain outside of Victoria's Secret. En route she is stopped by a perfume sales lady who spray her wrist with perfume before she has time to protest.
35) 3) dialog: Thanks. Della arrives at the fountain. A piddling jet of dirty wa gurgles from the mouth of a bored mermaid and streams dow into the shallow pool full of nickels and dimes. She scan the crowd but there's no sign of Cassie. Della sits at the edge of the fountain. She checks her wa then checks out the people milling around in front of Victoria's Secret, where mannequins in skimpy festive underwear are propped seductively in the window displays. Still no sign of Cassie. She's about to make a wish and t a quarter into the fountain when a Red Cross worker shake her "Save the Children" tin at her. Della sticks the quar into the tin instead. 37
36) 0) text: Della wanders the aisles of festive colored undies watchi men pick out slinky lingerie for their partners and women examine slim fit underpants and padded bras. She notices a pure silk black teddy, very classic, no fri She lifts it from the rail and holds it against herself i front of the mirror, tries to imagine herself in it. A young SALES ASSISTANT approaches.
36) 2) dialog: No thanks. Not my size. She gestures to her small boobs, smiles and hands the ted to the sales assistant. She quickly leaves the shop. 38
37) 0) text: Della checks one last time at the fountain for Cassie. Sh tries to dodge the crowd as she makes her way toward a generic coffee shop. Maybe Cassie will be there.
38) 0) text: Harried women and a few men, clutching bags full of gifts impatient children, stand on line for their favorite drug Della squeezes past them to look for Cassie. Every seat a every booth is full but there's no sign of her friend. Della joins the line. She finds herself biting at her nai a bad habit since childhood. A woman in front of her places an order then moves on to pick up area. Della moves up to the counter to where an OVERWEIGHT SALES ASSISTANT waits on her.
38) 1) dialog: A latte please? She notices some chocolate covered biscotti on the counte
38) 2) dialog: And a chocolate biscotti. She catches sight of herself in the mirror behind the counter. Kenneth's right about one thing, she looks awful
38) 4) dialog: Forget it, just the coffee.
38) 6) dialog: Della, two L's.
39) 0) text: She passes a hair salon and presses her face to the steam windows. Inside, women are getting their hair styled and their nails manicured at the same time. Della looks down at her bitten nails but just can't bring herself to go inside.
39) 2) dialog: Lynn Monroe!
39) 4) dialog: Something like that. Do you live around here now?
39) 7) dialog: Oh, we have two kids. Twins, Tammi and Terri. Lynn becomes distracted, focusing on her perfect reflecti in the steamy glass.
40) 0) text: Della enters a pharmacy. She locates the wrapping paper aisle. She sweeps up a bunch of rolls at three for ninety nine cents. She feels the texture of the paper, it's thin looks gaudy so she puts them all back. Instead she select some expensive gold paper with silver embossed stars and matching silver ribbon. She then finds some jolly childre wrapping with Christmas tree designs and a great big red She browses through the aisles of cards. She sees some cu cards for the twins and then arrives at the "To my Darlin Husband at Christmas" section. She opens some of the card and recoils from the sentiments contained inside. She catches a groomed BLONDE HOUSEWIFE staring at her and corrects her facial expression from one of revulsion to a complicit Stepford smile.
40) 1) dialog: It's a pity they don't have any "To a bastard at Christmas" cards. The woman looks at Della like she's a lunatic. Della chuc to herself. She finds the feminine hygiene aisle and picks up a pack regular tampax. She gathers her stuff and carries it to the checkout wher TIRED MAN and his TWO KIDS wait before her on the line.
40) 2) text: The man tries to remove a snow globe, with a tiny house a Christmas tree inside, from the clutches of his young son The child starts bawling. The man ends up buying the snow globe to placate the child. It's Della's turn. The PHARMACY SALES ASSISTANT smiles.
40) 4) dialog: God planned it for Christmas Day just to tick me off.
40) 6) text: She packs Della's stuff into paper bags. Della hands her card over.
40) 7) dialog: Thanks.
41) 1) dialog: How come the ladies' bathroom is out of order on a night like this?
41) 3) text: The    cleaning lady disappears through the bathroom door her    cart of cleaning utensils. Della looks down the le the    huge mall and decides she's not even going to try the    other bathroom. She can wait until she gets home. She makes her way towards the exit, pulls her coat in tig and braces herself for the cold front outside. Scene 43Page 26
43) 0) text: Della turns the key in the ignition and presses in the lighter. She lights a cigarette and inhales as she lets t car warm up for 30 seconds. She rests the cigarette in the ashtray while she releases hand brake and slips the gear into reverse. The interior her car is suddenly flooded with light from another car's headlights. She glances in the rear view mirror. A car is blocking her.
43) 1) dialog: Good Lord! What now? She steps on the brake and waits for the car to move. But it doesn't. Its headlights flick to full beam blindin her view in her car mirrors. She honks her horn. The car still doesn't move. Della's really angry now. She slips the gearshift into pa and steps out of her car. 45
44) 0) text: Della squints in the blinding headlights. The front of th car looks familiar. It's the gold Plymouth! Two unseen car doors click open and clunk shut again. The lights abruptly go out. Della blinks, her eyes try to adjust to the dim mercury illumination from a pole lamp a car lengths away. She uneasily turns back to her car. Scene 45Page 28
44) 4) dialog: What the hell are you playing at?
44) 6) dialog: What are you? The world's first homeless United Nations Boy Band?
44) 13) dialog: (incredulous)
44) 24) dialog: What? If you hadn't parked like an asshole, we wouldn't be arguing about it right now. Vinh inhales sharply from his cigarette.
44) 27) dialog: Go to hell! Della turns towards her car. Huey steps out of the shadow wearing Chuckie's parka hood up covering his face, startl Della.
44) 30) dialog: Not if these delinquents move their barge so I can back up.
45) 0) text: Della flinches but no   bullet tears through the back of skull. She slams into   the driver's seat and punches the lock switch. She hits   the four wheel drive button and p the accelerator pedal   to the metal. The Explorer barely protests as its front tires claw and bounce over the six inch concrete row barrier. The barrie screeches along the underside of the frame. There is a lo SCRAAAAAPE noise as the car heaves over the barrier. Then the rear wheels bounce and claw over. The car fishtails momentarily.
45) 1) dialog: Please God. Don't overcorrect. She releases the pressure on the accelerator. The Explore straightens. 47
47) 0) text: Della speeds down the long dark empty service road which skims the deserted warehouses at the back of the Mall. Between the warehouses are dark patches of undeveloped la No Mans land. Not a car nor a person in sight.
48) 1) dialog: No! Side mirror. It's the Plymouth. She presses the accelerator down harder. The engine revs. In the rearview there's a sudden flash above her rear lef headlight. And another.
48) 2) dialog: Jesus! They're shooting at her! Della steps the accelerator to the floor praying the Expl won't skid out. The engine struggles, catches up. The sudden speed causes a small silver love heart, hangin a silver chain necklace from the rearview mirror, to cras against the window. The catch bursts open to reveal two t photos of the twins inside. The necklace flies back and f against the window as the Explorer races onwards. 50
50) 0) text: Another flash and Della's left side mirror shatters. She swerves in panic. Her car almost hits the ditch. This can't be happening. Not to her. She reclaims the steering wheel.   Straightens up. Hits t accelerator again. 52
51) 0) text: The Plymouth swerves behind on the skid that Della create corrects itself just before the ditch. Della gains speed. The Plymouth lags. A stop sign appears ahead. The road's ending. 53
52) 0) text: Right or left, Della? Make a choice. 54
54) 0) text: Della swings right instead. The streetlights recede behind her. 56
69) 0) text: Della tries to sit upright but the auto's spinning too fa 71
71) 0) text: The Car stalls out. SILENCE. A prolonged moment. Then Della crawls out from under the dashboard, sweeping needles and glass from her hair. She reaches up and hits light switch. Pine branches protrude through the broken windshield. Using the sleeve of her coat she sweeps broken glass from driver's seat and sits down. She slides the gear into park, turns the key. The engine groans like a dying animal, then gives up. She takes a deep breath. She tries again. The engine groans again, another death rattle. It just won't catch. She switches off the interior light and pushes the driver door open. She steps out of the car.
73) 0) text: Della turns the key. It barely even groans this time. Jus faint gurgle. Then gone. She rifles in the glove compartment and pulls out the fla sticks it in her pocket. She leans under the dash and manually pops the trunk. 75
74) 0) text: Della runs outside to the back of the car and feels about the trunk.
75) 0) text: Della turns to see headlights in the distance on the road behind, pointing upwards.
75) 1) dialog: Huh! The Plymouth must have skidded and got stuck in the mud. 77
76) 1) dialog: Damn! She tries to manually lift it. But it's heavy with the we of pine branches. Voices drift towards her.
76) 15) text: She stands stock still, listening, scanning the landscape a sign of them. The sound of glass shattering breaks the silence. Della jumps out of her skin, spins around. Her eyes settl a light in the distance. 78
78) 0) text: Della tries once more to lift the hood. It still won't bu
84) 1) dialog: (under her breath) NO! OH NO.
85) 0) text: Della shrinks backwards between the houses. She ducks int an unfinished doorway and watches the boys pass ahead.
85) 3) dialog: Della recoils. Did she just hallucinate? How the hell do they know her name? Can they see her? Or is he just shouting her name randoml into the night? Her eyes dart right then left then back again.   Nothing. She runs down a row of house foundations.
86) 0) text: Della dives into an unfinished house, hides behind a spac where a window will eventually be, looks out across the building site. All is dark outside. And then she sees the light several rows down, weaving between the houses. She makes for another window at the opposite end of the house. She sees the mall lights and decides to head once towards them. 88
90) 0) text: Della ducks down, tries to run. The mud cloys at her feet 92
95) 30) dialog: Okay! I'll open it. Della's brain races. Her hands move slowly. She rests the lug wrench in her left palm under the base the tool box and with her right hand unsnaps the catch. She holds the far end of the lid up to shield her right h from the beam as she slips it inside the box. A prayer plays silently across her lips as her fingers fe the cool steel and shape of the small crescent wrench. She curls them around its handle and grips tight. A surge nervous energy courses through her veins.
95) 32) text: Huey lunges for her but trips over a loose plank, lands w his face down, biting on the plank's edge. Della catches a peripheral glimpse of Tomas leaping towar her, but his leading foot slams down instead onto the bac Huey's neck. Grinds Huey's face into the plank with a hid THUD. Huey's neck SNAPS back smiley style. Huey's scream gurgles into the night. Huey's body falls through the spa in the floorboards landing with a thud in the foundations below. Tomas falls away, cursing in horror.
96) 0) text: Della runs for her life. She makes straight for the cover the trees. She hesitates for just a moment after the firs layer of Pines. It's pitch black beyond. Then she steps i She follows her breath into the icy blackness. Branches and foliage scratch against her face. She grapples about, looking for hiding places between the dark shapes and forms. Steps between tree roots and shrub Her eyes begin to adjust. She can now make out the difference between the clumps of darkness and tell, looki back, where the edge of the woods begins. A construction light shines behind like a distant moon. Scene 97Page 56
96) 3) dialog: Chuckie's voice drifts towards her.   She ducks down amon roots. Her eyes scan the darkness. No moving shapes nor forms. No sound. No flashlight. Just shadowy clumps of trees. Should she stay put or should she run? Then she sees it. The flashlight weaving through the pine ahead. She pushes further in among the roots, tries to make hers invisible. The flashlight beam sweeps across the forest floor toward her. One set of footsteps crunches through the foilage. She holds still, terrified. The flashlight pauses on the dead tree, the roots. Scene 97Page 57
96) 4) text: Della stops breathing. Then, the light sweeps past and on into the woods. She waits until it disappears before stepping out of her hiding place. She creeps back in the opposite direction, figuring if they're in the woods now she should get out. Her eyes search for the construction light, which indicat the edge of the wood. She heads in the direction of the light, painfully aware one noisy footfall could alert her pursuers. She steps between leaves and roots as delicately as a ballet dancer The construction light grows closer. The light abruptly goes out. She stops, eyes desperately searching the trees. She resumes in the direction she was headed. Tries to kee calm. But the woods are impenetrable. Layers of trees and shrub and then more trees. Deep in the cold dark places there a patches of left over snow. She's losing her bearings. 98
98) 2) dialog: (muttering to herself) Shit! Oh Shit!
99) 0) text: The light grows closer. She climbs up onto a ledge. A loud noise startles her. It's music. Rap music. Blastin Della pushes her way through to the edge of the trees. Sees.... 101
100) 0) text: The woodland ahead slopes down into a clearing, where a h ghetto blaster sits on a pile of felled trees. Young pine about to become Christmas trees. It's blasting out a hip anthem for a dead homie. A construction light illuminates clearing. A ghostly Vinh, head hung low, moves to the music, bottle beer in hand. Propped up against a tree stump sits the body of Huey, ar crossed over his torso, hood pulled up to cover his face. The scene is so surreal that Della is drawn closer. She creeps along the edge of the trees. As she moves, she kicks back on some dirt. It tumbles downhill into the gulch. She freezes. But nobody notices. She slips invisibly between the trees and watches as Toma enters the clearing.
100) 1) text: Tomas stops and watches Vinh. Vinh continues to get into the music in his solemn Japane punk style. The juxtaposition between the hard core rap m and the serious vibe that Vinh is sending out shows us th this is really important music to him. It's a theatrical tableau - Della overhead, looking down on the clearing. Vinh transfixed by the music. Tomas stone silent, watching Vinh. It plays out for a poignant moment. Like they're all part some spiritual rite about to be consummated. Vinh pours some beer onto the ground at Huey's feet. A sm tear runs down his stoic face. Then CLICK. The blaster is abruptly turned off by Chuckie appears out of the shadows behind it. He stares a beat at Vinh like he can't believe what he's seeing. Vinh keeps on moving like he's in a trance.
100) 20) dialog: 102
101) 0) text: Della's been watching the scene unfold, a captive audienc attentive and terrified. Slowly she tears her eyes away from the boys. She backs a from the edge and right into the sharp branch of a big ol tree. The branch digs into that point in her shoulder she hurt earlier on the barbed wire. She reaches up to feel it and pulls her hand away bloody. reaches into her coat pockets for a tissue. Nothing. Feel something in her pants pocket. She pulls out not a tissue but a sheet of folded paper. She unfolds it. It's Tammi's drawing. The one from the beginning. The stick figure family holding hands and "Mommy - We lov you" written in stars. Della's lost in the drawing. Her eyes drink in every mark color and word. She sees that the male figure is slightly separate. That the children stick figures have frightened eyes and cling to the female. That the sky is turbulent. stars clear and bright. The words... A tear escapes from underneath her eyelid. Then another. sob.
102) 7) text: Chuckie sweeps the flashlight towards them. Della sees Vi trudging out of the stream, Tomas descending the last few feet of the other side of the gulch and Chuckie midway up Vinh jumps up and down trying to kick the water out of hi sneakers.
102) 18) text: A beat. Della clutches the lug wrench in her right hand. Vinh shivers violently.
102) 24) text: She practically throws herself over the ledge. Tomas scur to the top faster than lightening, catches her leg as she crawls from the edge. THUD. She kicks him in the face. Della grabs the toolbox. Makes a run for it.
103) 0) text: Tomas catches up with Della, chases her into the trees. Behind him Vinh hoists himself up over the ledge, then Chuckie. Della runs. Faster than she's ever run before. Practicall flies through the trees. Her breath comes hard. His too, just behind her. Their footfalls crash into the foliage. It's dark, so dark. She's running blindly. And they're right behind her. Tomas swipes at her. He jus misses. He swipes again. A twisted shape looms ahead, almost blocks her path. She runs right up to it then darts left at the last momen setting up Thomas who's right behind her. Tomas runs into the stump of a big old tree trunk, hits himself at groin level. He doubles over in pain.
103) 2) text: Della races on. Thomas gathers himself together, picks up the chase. But that moment's delay has bought her some time. Her adrenaline pumps hard. Eyes darting for a hiding plac among the dark shapes and planes of the woods. 105
104) 1) text: And then there he is. Diving out of the trees towards her Della raises the lug wrench. In the clouded moonlight it's an almost biblical image: a woman rising from the brush wielding an iron black cross. Tomas crashes towards her. Della swings the lug wrench, hard, intensely, directly at Tomas's face. There is a THUD as the sharp arm of the lug wrench catche him up under the chin. It sends him reeling. He goes down face first. Della gasps in horror, watches as: Tomas pulls himself up onto his feet, comes towards her o more. Della swings the lug wrench back and strikes him across t head. He spins, clutches at his head, then reaches towards her AGAIN. She loses it. She swings the lug wrench towards him.    A years of pent up rage finally find their release. The wrench catches up under his nose with a sickening CRU It drives the cartilage up and into his face. Blood spurts from the wound. He staggers backwards. A shocked scream escapes from Della's mouth.
104) 2) dialog: Awwwrgh! As she staggers backwards in the opposite direction. Tomas tries to cry out but can only utter in pain.
104) 11) text: Della flashes briefly into shot, running between the tree The flashlight sweeps by.
105) 1) dialog: I'm sorry.
105) 3) dialog: I'm so sorry!
105) 5) dialog: Where are you, God?
105) 8) dialog: Please, I just want to see my babies again. Her rocking slows until it stops. There's a loud crunch c by. She rises reflexively from the stream. Raises the toolbox. She looks around. A branch has broken from a tre and drags down into the stream behind her. This seems to bring her back to herself. She realizes it' only a matter of time before they come looking for her. S needs to get moving. She sets off downstream. She trudges through the shallow water. Her wet coat drags heavily. The stream must end somewhere, likely at the other edge o the woods. She trudges onwards, sweeping aside the branches of stoop trees, stepping around rocky obstacles in the stream. Forging ahead. She now needs to pee. GREAT. Her temper surges up. She looks for the right place to do it, realizes it's probably best to pee in the stream, so all trace of it wi be dispersed. A leafless willow trails its dried up branches into the stream. She makes her way toward it. She lays the toolbox down and disappears between the branches. We see glimpses of her lifting her coat, pullin down her pants, pushing the crotch of her underpants to t side. We hear her shiver and the faint tinkle of water meeting the stream. More glimpses of her pulling up her underpants and pants, smoothing down her coat. She hoists her coat up again around her waist and picks u the toolbox. She plows down stream once more. Longing to see the light that will tell her she's at the edge of the woods, closer the mall lights, closer to home. She swallows another wave of grief.
107) 0) text: She sees that she is in the shadows of a big old Pine tre She creeps behind its massive gnarled trunk and silently slides open the toolbox, fumbles around for the screwdriv She removes it from the box and grasps it tight. Della rises slowly, remaining concealed behind the tree. reaches up and softly places the toolbox deep in the junc of the first sturdy branch and the tree trunk. She pulls herself up onto the branch and edges in close to the trun She peeks between the branches. No sign of the boys. She pulls herself further up into th tree, branch by branch. The thin stiff outer branches, fringed with sharp little needles, fall like a jagged veil around her. She waits. She's high enough up to have a clear view of the landscap below despite the darkness. She makes out the faint echo of voices, strains to hear. Scene 109Page 76
109) 9) text: Vinh screams. She thrusts and twists the tool. All the while she's tightly wound around him, intertwined intimate as a lover. She drives the screw driver deeper in until she feels her knuckles dig into his stiff hair. Vinh's scream becomes a high keening wail. The screwdriver pierces the base of Vinh's skull. It protrudes through his mouth, knocking several teeth out i stream of blood. His scream cracks into a death rattle as hers begins. They roll downstream. His arms are wrapped in a death grip around her. They roll until they crash full into a tree about two thi of the way down. She feels his grip loosen and his body slump over hers. H becomes so heavy he almost crushes her underneath as he d right there on top of her. She's trapped, suffocating underneath him, until she find the strength to push him off. She crawls out from under his body. Pushing him away, sets him off rolling again. She tries to stand up but her legs are unsteady. Her head hurts so bad it's about to burst. The world around her shifts into a migraine zone. Trails follow trees, rocks, brush. The desire to close her eyes, close it all out almost overwhelms her. Her shoulder aches too and there's a new pain in her arm where Vinh bit her. She sees blood has matted her sleeve, rolls it up to find a nasty bite mark. There's a loud crash. Della freezes and moves only her ey looks around. It's Vinh's body hitting the stream below.
109) 10) text: Where was the light at the edge of the woods? Nowhere to seen now that's for sure. She staggers along the slope, clutching onto tree trunks roots as she goes. Della grabs for a shrub to help her cross a patch of mudd slope. Pulls it clean out by the roots. Loses her footing reaches for the roots of an old tree. She pulls herself u Plods once more along the slope, heading upwards in a diagonal through the darkness. She arrives at the top of the slope only to be met by mor darkness. But there's a strange calm about her now. Like she's reached the eye of a terrible storm.
109) 12) text: When she hears his voice drifting faintly towards her, sh almost smiles. She knows he's coming for her and there's nothing she can about it. Della shivers as she sees a surreal tableau ahead: four h felled trees wrapped in white plastic. Their sad stumps a only feet away. It's the funeral parlour of the forest.
110) 0) text: Della sinks down behind the large trunk of a plastic wrap tree. She listens hard, tries to fathom which direction h coming from. His voice drifts in and out of proximity like he's pacing around in circles. His voice has changed - he's dropped t gangster schtick.
110) 17) text: A woman's purse can tell her whole life story! Della stares petrified as he unfolds her purse from deep his jacket. He empties the contents out onto the dirt.
110) 20) text: We move in on Della. Her knuckles are blue white and her are blazing. Rage explodes in her. She doesn't even reali that she is shouting till she's done.
110) 21) dialog: 
110) 31) text: Della looks puzzled.   Yeah, and?
110) 39) text: Della's head is spinning.
110) 42) dialog: Give me a break.
110) 59) dialog: I want... But she doesn't finish the sentence. She rises slowly fro between the plastic wrapped trees. A momentary grimace of pain crosses her face. Then, their eyes meet, like for the first time. It catches them both surprise. He smiles.
110) 61) dialog: I already did. He shines the flashlight on her path so that she can see where she is walking. Scene 111Page 87
110) 62) text: Della steps around the plastic wrapped trees and between stumps. She heads towards him, slowly, deliberately. Chuckie's hands are by his sides. She stops a few feet aw from him. She can see him up close. The clearest view of him yet. T both look like they've been to hell.
110) 64) dialog: I was only going to the mall for some Christmas wrapping paper. Chuckie smiles.
110) 66) dialog: What now? Chuckie smiles, brings his teeth back into a scary, feral grin.
110) 68) dialog: That's what I figured. She nods her head, points her chin over his shoulder.
110) 69) dialog: Huey there, going to help? Scene 111Page 88
111) 0) text: Without really thinking about it, Della slips the gun int her pocket and starts running. Tree after tree disappears behind her until she sees the light ahead. That place where the rest of the world meets woods.
114) 0) text: She quickly climbs back into the car and turns the keys. engine sputters but doesn't fully catch. She turns the ke again - another wimpy sputter. Again, this time the sputt gathers momentum, catches for a second, gives up. She tri again, the sputter gathers momentum and catches for real. Della looks over her shoulder and backs up, pulls out of tree, up and past the broken barrier and onto the road. S makes a tight U-Turn, sticks the car into four wheel driv and plows down the rough gravely road. 117
122) 0) text: Of course.    How long has it been? That poor security gu She checks the car clock. It's only 85 minutes since she the house! Hard to believe. Feels like another lifetime. Another cop car whizzes past the line. How long before th come for her? She's got to get back to the kids. Della adjusts the rearview mirror. Her gaunt bloody face looks back.
122) 1) dialog: Oh my.
122) 2) text: She looks at her hands, they're ingrained with mud and bl And her clothes! While waiting for the traffic to start moving again she fumbles on the passenger seat, finds some kleenex. She wipes her hands, her face, using the rearview mirror, some Kleenex and the rest of the water. She looks only slightly better. The line starts moving. Della follows. She passes the pol cars, steals a cursory glance. She keeps checking her face in the mirror. The cars soon start to disperse in different directions. The Mall disappears behind her. She turns left onto an almost empt road. She can't wait to see her babies, make sure they're okay. could anyone expect her to go the speed limit at a time l this.
129) 6) dialog: Please don't call me that. Don't ever call me that again.
129) 8) dialog: I just wanted to get home to my babies. Kenneth cannot understand her garbled words. He sees the dried blood on her chin, matted mud on her coat.
129) 13) dialog: Are they okay? Without waiting for an answer. 133
133) 4) dialog: Nothing.