44) 5) dialog: Trust the nigga, we not playin'. HUEY is a sweet-faced African-American decked out in a hi hop style. He's small and skinny and can't be more than eighteen. He's playing to CHUCKIE who's twenty-one and lo like a marine gone AWOL. Bracketing them is VINH, a ninet year old Asian punk and TOMAS, twenty, a Latino runaway i American Idol T-shirt. Della's eyes drift across the group. She suppresses a hysterical giggle but can't resist smarting off.
44) 7) dialog: Hell, yeah. We just wanna do shows and bone hoes. Huey messes with his zipper.
44) 8) dialog: We got a song fo' yo. It's called "shut up bitch and eat a dick". Huey and Tomas snigger. Vinh stares at the asphalt. Scene 45Page 29
44) 12) dialog: It gitting cold, Chuckie. Game's not worth the dime.
44) 17) text: Grab my parka from the back seat. He pinches Huey's cheeks.
44) 28) dialog: We already in hell. Della sidesteps him, reaches the back of her car.
44) 42) dialog: I don't know nothing. Chuckie looks back at Vinh then over at Tomas.
46) 3) dialog: She on her cell right now calling the pigs. Huey's almost hysterical.
46) 5) dialog: We going down for this! Chuckie turns on him.
46) 7) dialog: You ain't earned the right to call me a nigga. And that goes for all you haters. Behind him Della's car turns onto the mall's outer perime service road in the distance.
76) 5) dialog: Shit!
76) 8) dialog: Our new sneakers are stuck up in the dirt like they was last years. Doors slam and two sets of footsteps join the others.
77) 2) dialog: We caught up in this bitch's life like a soap opera. We could just bail, blast out of town like we was never here.
77) 4) dialog: Ain't no one cares about the Rent-a- Pig. He just collateral damage to the peeps at the mall. Chuckie pushes Huey half playfully, half annoyed.
77) 7) dialog: But if we hit the road now we'll be five hundred miles away before they find him....we could be drinking cold beer and swimmin' in the Atlantic....just like you promised. Huey stares off into space like he's having a vision.
77) 9) dialog: We ain't   gonna make it, are we Chuckie?   I ain't never gonna see it. It's   over for that, isn't it Chuckie?   Just say it. Chuckie is taken aback by what Huey is saying. He walks a turns his concentration back to the flashlight. Huey call after him.
77) 10) dialog: She was just some stupid housewife mouthin' off.
77) 13) dialog: No Chuckie, you ain't. Chuckie puts his hand on Hueys shoulder and gently pushes along the road. 79
78) 4) dialog: Someone call her mama tell her to lay out her black dress. Della creeps softly along the edge of the trees. She hold her breath. If she makes a sound, she's dead.
92) 3) dialog: When a nigga hungry, Imma wolf. 94
95) 2) dialog: Yo left without yo goodbye kiss. The light sweeps past Huey's hips. The sound of a zipper. light sweeps back up onto Della.
95) 5) dialog: Imma just a young playa tryin' to put my bid in. Tomas leans down towards Della. Chuckie moves the flashli to illuminate them both. Tomas drains the last dregs from bottle of Bud, tosses the empty bottle down into the foundations. It rolls into the darkness. Della shudders. She clutches the lug wrench against her c behind the tool box and tries to disappear into the wall.
95) 21) dialog: Yo think she carrying the big notes, maybe some ice?
95) 32) text: Huey lunges for her but trips over a loose plank, lands w his face down, biting on the plank's edge. Della catches a peripheral glimpse of Tomas leaping towar her, but his leading foot slams down instead onto the bac Huey's neck. Grinds Huey's face into the plank with a hid THUD. Huey's neck SNAPS back smiley style. Huey's scream gurgles into the night. Huey's body falls through the spa in the floorboards landing with a thud in the foundations below. Tomas falls away, cursing in horror.
96) 1) text: She pushes between the branches of indistinguishable tree some thick and knotted, others slight and brittle. Only t evergreens still have their foliage. Looking back constantly to the edge of the trees for a si of the boys. Fear drives her further into the woods towards where the trees grow even more densely together. Where there just m be the right place to hide. She stops for a second to catch her breath. The handle of the toolbox has chaffed her right palm. She changes hands. God, that boy Huey! He really died back there. She heard sound of it. The horrific sound of him dying a stupid pointless death. It could have been her. There has to be some way out of this nightmare. Ahead, a dead tree with spectral branches blocks her path She steps around its huge trunk and tangle of roots.
100) 0) text: The woodland ahead slopes down into a clearing, where a h ghetto blaster sits on a pile of felled trees. Young pine about to become Christmas trees. It's blasting out a hip anthem for a dead homie. A construction light illuminates clearing. A ghostly Vinh, head hung low, moves to the music, bottle beer in hand. Propped up against a tree stump sits the body of Huey, ar crossed over his torso, hood pulled up to cover his face. The scene is so surreal that Della is drawn closer. She creeps along the edge of the trees. As she moves, she kicks back on some dirt. It tumbles downhill into the gulch. She freezes. But nobody notices. She slips invisibly between the trees and watches as Toma enters the clearing.
100) 1) text: Tomas stops and watches Vinh. Vinh continues to get into the music in his solemn Japane punk style. The juxtaposition between the hard core rap m and the serious vibe that Vinh is sending out shows us th this is really important music to him. It's a theatrical tableau - Della overhead, looking down on the clearing. Vinh transfixed by the music. Tomas stone silent, watching Vinh. It plays out for a poignant moment. Like they're all part some spiritual rite about to be consummated. Vinh pours some beer onto the ground at Huey's feet. A sm tear runs down his stoic face. Then CLICK. The blaster is abruptly turned off by Chuckie appears out of the shadows behind it. He stares a beat at Vinh like he can't believe what he's seeing. Vinh keeps on moving like he's in a trance.