2) 1) text: KENNETH, a forty something ex-jock with a once handsome f pours a beer into a crystal brandy glass. Kenneth's eyes glued to the computer screen where stock numbers scroll endlessly down. He highlights a set of numbers and stands abruptly from his chair elated.
2) 2) dialog: Yes!
2) 4) dialog: Damn! DELLA!
2) 8) dialog: You should just swear properly and get it over with. Do you think the kids don't know what you mean?
2) 10) dialog: Going out again? What is it tonight? Auto Mechanics for Dummies? The bored housewives' reading group?
2) 12) dialog: I got a new one for you.
2) 15) dialog: Group therapy for women who always have the curse. There's a Tuesday night class at the Pleasant Valley Episcopalian.
2) 16) text: Kenneth clearly thinks he's funny. Della glares a warning him and bites her lip to stop a vitriolic response escapi from her mouth.
2) 18) text: A trail of kids mess in the hallway behind Della catches Kenneth's eye.
2) 19) dialog: What do you do all day, Della honey? Cause it sure isn't keeping house. This place is an eyesore. I'm mortgaged up to the eyeballs for this?
2) 20) text: His sad eyes meet hers in confrontation. Della, determine not to engage, averts hers. Kenneth, unable to contain himself, faces her.
2) 21) dialog: I mean it's not like you're at some salon fancying up your hair or nails like the other men's wives.
2) 23) dialog: The last time I saw you wearing something sexy was our engagement party. God, Della, you used to be hot!
2) 27) dialog: Jesus, Della. Della honey, I'm sorry.
2) 28) text: But she's already left the room. He watches her pick up a of car keys from a dresser in the dimly lit hallway. Her knuckles are white as she clenches her fingers around the Kenneth turns back to his computer. 4
3) 0) text: Della climbs the stairs. Framed photographs on the wall t the public story of her life. The engagement to Kenneth, their wedding, the birth of the twins, Kenneth's graduati Kenneth as a sixth grade football star, Della on the farm Ohio with her horse, a really young Della playing basebal with her father. We linger on a photo of a very pretty tw something Della in a little black dress. 5
6) 1) text: Behind her, an antique grandfather clock strikes seven p. The sound of gun shots fades in from the TV in Kenneth's office. 8
8) 0) text: Della leaves the cookies at the bottom of the stairs and opens the front door. The TV blares out some action flick from Kenneth's ajar door.
15) 0) text: Della smiles mysteriously, reaches into the glove compart with her free hand. She pushes aside a bunch of car paper flare, pulls out a check wallet hidden underneath - her secret hiding place for: A nice pack of Marlboros. She smiles again - the smile of secret smoker. She presses the cigarette lighter into the dashboard. The lighter pops out. She tips out a cigarette, sees a sticky note attached to the interior foil. Scrawled in me handwriting are the words - YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE QUITTI DELLA HONEY. XOXO KENNETH.
101) 1) text: She might never see her kids again. Another sob. She heaves with the release of emotion. More tears escape. Another sob. She tries to bite it back Wills herself to stop. Finds that rage takes sorrow's place. Rage and self recrimination. Goddamit! She's gonna be raped and killed because of some stupid note! And God knows what will become of the kids. Kenneth always told her she had a temper. That she reacts without thinking of the consequences. This time the basta was right. She looks again at the picture. Chuckie's voice booms out into the night.
129) 1) dialog: Where the hell have you been? Scene 132Page 95
129) 2) text: Kenneth's voice meets her as she steps into the house. Ni welcome. She doesn't respond. Closes the door behind her. Walks in the house. There he is ahead, leaning against the office door. Beer one hand, remote in the other. The TV blaring behind him.
129) 3) dialog: I said.... He's about to begin shouting again when he notices something's not right about her.
129) 4) dialog: Della? He switches the TV volume down using the remote.
129) 5) dialog: Della honey are you all right? She stares back at him coldly.
129) 7) dialog: What? She steps slowly towards him. Sees a violent adventure fl wrapping up behind him on TV. The end credits scroll down screen.
129) 9) dialog: What happened to you? She just stares.
129) 10) dialog: Was there an accident? Scene 132Page 96
129) 12) dialog: Are you hurt? That swig of beer turns what was left of her love for him stone. A beat.
133) 0) text: Kenneth is pacing about the kitchen, opening another beer
133) 1) dialog: Sound asleep, huh? Kenneth, unsure what to do, tries to make a joke.
133) 2) dialog: So. What'd you bring me from the mall? Della sighs, calmly pulls out the gun from her pocket, lo him right in the eye, points the barrel at his face. Scene 136Page 97