4) 0) text: TERRI and TAMMI are seven year old twins with the delicat blue eyed blonde looks of their Mother. Della stands in the doorway and watches them. Tammi is lying on her girlish bed drawing with crayons. Terri's toy dinosaurs are destroying Tammi's heirloom dol house, starting with the furniture. She steps into the room.
4) 1) dialog: Mommy can I get an American Girl for Christmas?
4) 5) dialog: Where are you going, Mommy? Scene 5 Page 5
4) 8) dialog: Daddy's stories are lame. I want you to read us a story.
4) 10) dialog: No, the cowgirls. Diamond Lil and Slingshot Kitty.
4) 14) text: She smiles. Terri's already turned back to his dinosaurs. Tammi runs toward her and gives her the drawing she's bee working on. It's a drawing of a stick figure family holdi hands. The words "Mommy, we love you" are written across cloudy night sky like big stars.
4) 16) text: Della doesn't have time to look at it properly so she fol the drawing up and puts it in her pocket. She kisses Tamm again and turns to leave. Tammi's eyes follow her mother she walks away. 6
10) 4) text: With a massive exertion, the car engine turns over and th vehicle starts. She sighs with relief. She turns the heat up high and warms her hands at the ven pauses to look at her home through the car window. For a second, in an upstairs window, she sees a reflection of Tammi. She smiles, then looks at the house and lawn and the Christmas tree. She notices the fallen star, is about to out of the car to retrieve it, but decides it's too cold.
88) 0) text: She stops dead in her tracks. Straight ahead, a truly chilling sight - her kids stuff from the car : Terri's li anorak, Tammi's socks, mittens, strung along a short stre of wire fence. Her feet start to sink into wet mud. She covers her mouth stop herself crying out. 90
101) 0) text: Della's been watching the scene unfold, a captive audienc attentive and terrified. Slowly she tears her eyes away from the boys. She backs a from the edge and right into the sharp branch of a big ol tree. The branch digs into that point in her shoulder she hurt earlier on the barbed wire. She reaches up to feel it and pulls her hand away bloody. reaches into her coat pockets for a tissue. Nothing. Feel something in her pants pocket. She pulls out not a tissue but a sheet of folded paper. She unfolds it. It's Tammi's drawing. The one from the beginning. The stick figure family holding hands and "Mommy - We lov you" written in stars. Della's lost in the drawing. Her eyes drink in every mark color and word. She sees that the male figure is slightly separate. That the children stick figures have frightened eyes and cling to the female. That the sky is turbulent. stars clear and bright. The words... A tear escapes from underneath her eyelid. Then another. sob.
110) 75) text: And she has the gun. They look at each other. He smiles. He makes for the gun. She fires into his chest, just once, it's enough. His legs release. He slumps back.   Blood darkens his shi Gun smoke coils from the dark bullet wound. Blood seeps below him from the exit wound, spreading out in a dark puddle. His body surrenders to death. She stares down at him. A queasy silent moment passes. Sh stares at the gun in her hands. It feels so heavy, so unr His dead eyes stare. She reaches over and closes them gen And she's light-headed, so light-headed she could just fl away. Somehow she stands up. She looks back down at the body, not quite believing he c be dead. She sees her silver locket lying beside him in t pool of blood. She retrieves it. Uses her sleeve to wipe the blood away its exterior. Inside the photos of her kids are still the tiny photos of Tammis little thoughtful face and Terri's mischievous one look back at her. She snaps the locket closed. She searches the area for the rest of her belongings, fin her wallet, her purse, her diary, her lighter, her tampax box, a lipstick in the dirt. She sticks everything in her purse. She almost misses her pack of cigarettes. We see t half buried under the dirt. She scans the area once more finds them. The pack is empty but she takes it anyway. It's time to go home. 112