44) 10) dialog: And when yo done eating we gonna staple that bitch mouth closed. Chuckie nudges Huey and Tomas, steps towards Della.
44) 26) dialog: Keep right on talking that gang a shit, chinga. Yo crimes against the click are digging yo grave deep. Della's eyes quickly scan the group for sign of the gun. can't see one so she gambles they're just mouthing off an makes her move.
44) 35) dialog: Say yo prayers old man. Chuckie grins at Della while keeping the gun pointed stra at the Rent-a-Cop.
44) 43) dialog: (muttering) Dar candela por el culo!
46) 0) text: Tomas screams at Chuckie.
46) 1) dialog: Chinga tu madre. She making her getaway. All except Chuckie turn to look as Della accelerates acro the unfinished outskirts of the car park behind them. Vinh tugs at Chuckie's sleeve.
76) 2) dialog: Keep hitting on the gas and you gonna dig them wheels into a dirt grave.
76) 4) dialog: Hell, no.
76) 11) dialog: Screw the car, Chuckie. Case you forgot we got a witness on the loose! I ain't want to end up in the clink as some chimp's prison pillow.
76) 13) dialog: Yo talk a real mob threat, Chuckie. But what if she gone already? Chuckie's eyes scan the housing estate.
77) 0) text: The light illuminates the small cabin of an earth moving truck. The cabin glows like a box in the darkness. There' figure inside: it's Chuckie. He's inspecting a powerful construction flashlight. He switches settings from broad light to concentrated beam. He points the beam through th broken glass window onto Tomas, who's standing on a truck tyre knocking out the rest of the glass with his elbow. Chuckie leaps down through the broken window, pleased wit his find. He switches it to broad beam, whistles.
78) 5) dialog: Is she dead already? The boys kick around the Explorer.
92) 1) dialog: Where'd little red riding hood git to?
95) 6) dialog: Don't worry, when we done wit you we send yo back in yo trunk to Mr. Podunk. Tomas reaches down and pulls Della up to standing by the collar. He then yanks the coat down over her shoulder. Th white shirt she wears underneath is damp with sweat makin the form of her breasts very clear. Chuckie keeps the light focused right on her. Tomas slides his index finger down across Della's neck towards her breasts. Della claws at Tomas' face with the nails of her free han He staggers to the side holding his cheek and cursing. He chewed nails haven't left any dents, but she stunned him. The others laugh. She shrugs the coat back over her shoulders and pulls it tight across herself, once again clasping the toolbox clo to her side.
95) 7) dialog: Don't want to play nice? Puta! He moves towards her, face twisted with hate, arm raised.
95) 24) dialog: You got enough scratch in there to grease us up with? She knows there is nothing that would buy them off and th knowledge sinks like a stone deep into her gut. Chuckie follows her face with the beam. She tries to dodg its glare in her eyes. But he maneuvers it like a surveillance camera. His voice takes on a meanness that makes the back of her tingle.
95) 31) dialog: She ain't got nuthin'. Let's just take that pussy and git going. He moves towards her. In a flash, she withdraws the crescent wrench. She cocks wrist back and hurls the tool, snaps it just like her dad taught her to play baseball. The wrench flies up and across the house. With a CRUNCH, it catches Chuckie right in the collar bon right side. He screams. Drops the flashlight. Drops to his knees hold his throat. Della snaps the tool box shut and makes a run for it. She throws herself up onto the first floor and darts between Tomas and Huey.
95) 32) text: Huey lunges for her but trips over a loose plank, lands w his face down, biting on the plank's edge. Della catches a peripheral glimpse of Tomas leaping towar her, but his leading foot slams down instead onto the bac Huey's neck. Grinds Huey's face into the plank with a hid THUD. Huey's neck SNAPS back smiley style. Huey's scream gurgles into the night. Huey's body falls through the spa in the floorboards landing with a thud in the foundations below. Tomas falls away, cursing in horror.
95) 33) dialog: Maricon! Della makes a run for the doorway. She jumps down onto th muddy lot and heads off across the development. The darkn quickly swallows her. Behind her, Vinh slumps through the house.
95) 41) dialog: Jesus hijo de maria el virgene.
95) 45) dialog: Mamacita! Madre de Dios! Chuckie punches Tomas' leg.
95) 47) dialog: I didn't kill him. I didn't kill no one. Tomas pushes Chuckie backwards.
95) 48) dialog: She did it. She killed him. Chuckie and Tomas stare at each other.
95) 49) dialog: I'm gonna cross that bitch out. 97
100) 1) text: Tomas stops and watches Vinh. Vinh continues to get into the music in his solemn Japane punk style. The juxtaposition between the hard core rap m and the serious vibe that Vinh is sending out shows us th this is really important music to him. It's a theatrical tableau - Della overhead, looking down on the clearing. Vinh transfixed by the music. Tomas stone silent, watching Vinh. It plays out for a poignant moment. Like they're all part some spiritual rite about to be consummated. Vinh pours some beer onto the ground at Huey's feet. A sm tear runs down his stoic face. Then CLICK. The blaster is abruptly turned off by Chuckie appears out of the shadows behind it. He stares a beat at Vinh like he can't believe what he's seeing. Vinh keeps on moving like he's in a trance.
100) 14) dialog: I didn't mean it. I didn't do it. I didn't mean to kill him.
101) 4) dialog: I can smell her Bulgari. Chuckie's behind him surveying the area with the flashlig He finds several footprints by the tree.
101) 6) text: Vinh glares at Chuckie. Chuckie grins at Tomas.
101) 8) dialog: It Bulgari, dude. My Dad's bitch bathes in it. Chuckie points the flashlight towards where the ledge end and a steep incline begins. 103
102) 5) dialog: What now, cabron?
102) 7) text: Chuckie sweeps the flashlight towards them. Della sees Vi trudging out of the stream, Tomas descending the last few feet of the other side of the gulch and Chuckie midway up Vinh jumps up and down trying to kick the water out of hi sneakers.
102) 13) dialog: Right on, dog. Chuckie jumps down from the last rock and joins Vinh and Tomas at the edge of the stream.
102) 20) dialog: We gonna put yo ass on ice, bitch! God please help her make it back into the cover of the tr Della almost vomits. Her hand grasps the last rock at the top of the gulch. Sh pushes the toolbox up on the ledge. Her strength is ebbin but she tries to hoist herself up. The flashlight sweeps She lets go of the ledge and ducks. The flashlight sweeps again. She huddles in behind a rock. Waits a beat.
102) 21) dialog: You going home in a casket tonight. Oh shit, they're approaching fast. She tries again to hoi herself up. She's almost up when the flashlight sweeps by again. This time, it catches her.
102) 24) text: She practically throws herself over the ledge. Tomas scur to the top faster than lightening, catches her leg as she crawls from the edge. THUD. She kicks him in the face. Della grabs the toolbox. Makes a run for it.
102) 25) dialog: 
103) 0) text: Tomas catches up with Della, chases her into the trees. Behind him Vinh hoists himself up over the ledge, then Chuckie. Della runs. Faster than she's ever run before. Practicall flies through the trees. Her breath comes hard. His too, just behind her. Their footfalls crash into the foliage. It's dark, so dark. She's running blindly. And they're right behind her. Tomas swipes at her. He jus misses. He swipes again. A twisted shape looms ahead, almost blocks her path. She runs right up to it then darts left at the last momen setting up Thomas who's right behind her. Tomas runs into the stump of a big old tree trunk, hits himself at groin level. He doubles over in pain.
103) 1) dialog: CONEJO! AIN'T NUTHIN' CAN SAVE YO ASS NOW.
104) 0) text: There it is, a deadwood pile. She throws herself down into its midst. The dried branche jag and tear at her hands and face. She burrows down low, low she's right in the dirt. She peers between the branch Tomas's feet run by and disappear. She hears him circle t area then turn back towards her. A moment passes. She picks the next. Rises slowly and sof from between the jagged branches clutching the lug wrench Scene 105Page 68
104) 1) text: And then there he is. Diving out of the trees towards her Della raises the lug wrench. In the clouded moonlight it's an almost biblical image: a woman rising from the brush wielding an iron black cross. Tomas crashes towards her. Della swings the lug wrench, hard, intensely, directly at Tomas's face. There is a THUD as the sharp arm of the lug wrench catche him up under the chin. It sends him reeling. He goes down face first. Della gasps in horror, watches as: Tomas pulls himself up onto his feet, comes towards her o more. Della swings the lug wrench back and strikes him across t head. He spins, clutches at his head, then reaches towards her AGAIN. She loses it. She swings the lug wrench towards him.    A years of pent up rage finally find their release. The wrench catches up under his nose with a sickening CRU It drives the cartilage up and into his face. Blood spurts from the wound. He staggers backwards. A shocked scream escapes from Della's mouth.
104) 3) dialog: Unnh! Unnh! Unnh! He tries to pull the lug wrench out of his face. Spins. Stumbles. The flashlight beam travels past them.
104) 5) dialog: Unnh! Tomas crashes back into a tree. He loses consciousness. H body slumps slowly down the tree trunk to the dirt. Blood gushes from where the wrench meets his face. He looks lik he's dressed for Halloween. Della just stares. Stares at Tomas, at what she did, what had to do. Tomas' eyes are wide open, staring too, at nothing, dead. The horror of having killed someone overwhelms Della. She starts shaking with shock. Vinh cries out for Tomas
104) 7) dialog: The sound of footfalls crashing through the brush follows
104) 16) text: Chuckie realizes from Vinh's demeanor that something real is wrong. He hesitates a moment, then rushes over to Vinh stares too at Tomas's body, gulps back the desire to scre He punches his fist hard into the tree behind Tomas' body instead. A shower of pine needles rains down on them. Chuckie grabs the flashlight and sweeps it away from the body, grabs Vinh's arm, grounding him. Vinh sobs and shakes.