2) 0) text: Bumpy Johnson, an elderly but still sturdy black man, elegantly dressed - cashmere overcoat, gloves, Homburg - stands in falling snow atop a flatbed truck - as he does every Thanksgiving - tossing down turkeys to the poor - like a benign king. Legend:   Harlem A younger man, the gunman from the club - Frank Lucas - Bumpy's driver/bodyguard/collector/protege - watches from below.
2) 2) dialog: This is the problem. This is what's wrong with America. The war footage multiplies by twenty: a stack of TVs with price tags dangling from the knobs behind a display windo
2) 3) dialog: It's gotten so big you can't find your way. People on the sidewalk, out of respect or fear, part to l Frank and Bumpy and Bumpy's German shepherd pass.
2) 4) dialog: The corner grocery's a supermarket. Candy store's a MacDonald's. And this place.
2) 10) dialog: Where's the pride of ownership here? Where's the personal service? Does anybody work here? Inside, the emporium is vast, with aisles that seem to stretch off into infinity. The TVs give way to a display window full of Japanese stereo componentry.
2) 11) dialog: What right do they have cutting out the suppliers, pushing all the middlemen out, buying direct from the manufacturer - Sony this, Toshiba that, all them Chinks - putting Americans out of work? He's not really asking Frank, so Frank doesn't answer.
2) 12) dialog: What am I supposed to do with a place like this, Frank? Who am I supposed to ask for, the assistant manager? (pause)
2) 13) text: This is the problem. This is the way it is now: You can't find the heart of anything to stick the knife. Bumpy stops before a display of cameras and stares in. They're all pointed at him as a pain grips his chest and sinks to his knees. Frank kneels down.
2) 16) dialog: Forget it, Frank. No one's in charge.
4) 0) text: The report continues on a TV no one's really watching her a March of Time-like history of Bumpy Johnson, famed Harl gangster, Robin Hood and killer.
32) 0) text: Richie opens a small wooden box in his bleak apartment, revealing an ounce of marijuana, rolling papers and clips As he rolls a joint - BUMPY V/O
33) 0) text: The sounds of the gulls and surf and roller coaster begin fade as Frank throws the stick again. BUMPY V/O
33) 1) text: Sends the fast nimble sheep out front, and the others follow as the shepherd walks quietly behind - The dog retrieves the stick, but this time - somehow - it to Bumpy's hand he returns it. Frank listens attentively. BUMPY
33) 7) dialog: But most of the time he doesn't have to. He moves the whole herd - quietly.
33) 8) text: Bumpy smiles and tosses the stick.
35) 0) text: The dog trots back to Bumpy and Frank with the stick.
36) 0) text: Hot dog stand. Bumpy hands a hot dog to Frank, holds out another to the shepherd. To camera:
36) 1) dialog: What right do they have cutting out the suppliers, the middlemen, buying direct, putting Americans out of work ... This is the way it is now, Frank.
36) 2) text: Frank nods. The vender hands him a napkin. The shepherd is still with him, but Bumpy is gone, and the gulls and t people on the roller coaster squeal as Frank comes out of his meditative trance with an idea.
37) 0) text: Keys turn the locks of a safety-deposit box. The lid lift revealing decks of cash. Frank takes it all out, slips on slender packet into Bumpy's banker's jacket pocket.
61) 2) text: Bumpy was rich, but never white   man rich. Why? Because he didn't own the    company. He thought he did. He didn't.     He only managed it. Someone else owned    it. So they owned him.
85) 2) text: Frank shakes his head no.       It's a picture of Bumpy.
85) 13) text: Frank has to think.     Bumpy was more than his employer.
161) 0) text: Like Bumpy used to do every Thanksgiving, Frank and his brothers, from the back of the truck, hand out hundreds o freshly-butchered turkeys to the poor.
193) 10) text: Tosca seems more philosophical about it - like Bumpy migh have been - but it wasn't him who was shot at.
247) 0) text: Frank walks past graves to Bumpy's. Replaces some dried flowers with fresh ones. Looks around for something to si on. Sees some wooden folding chairs around a fresher grav nearby. Doc waits by the car in the distance.
255) 0) text: Frank, on a wooden folding chair at Bumpy's grave, hears the gunning of engines and barking of cops. He turns to s Doc being handcuffed on the ground by the Towncar. Glance to a lone figure walking toward him over a rise. Richie. Richie arrives at the grave. Regards the monument to Ellsworth Johnson, and Frank sitting calmly regarding him Richie glances around the peaceful surroundings ...
266) 14) text: A car equipped with sub-woofer bass comes booming past. Frank stares at it with the same pained look Bumpy had at the discount emporium.