4) 13) dialog: I know you're hurting, Frank.    So am I. Frank sits back down with Charlie Williams, an older dope man.
4) 14) dialog: You going to be all right?
4) 16) dialog: I'm sure Bumpy never told you, but he made me promise, anything ever happened to him, I'd make sure you didn't go without.
4) 18) dialog: That's the spirit. Go get them. On the TV, over archive film and photographs of crime figures from the 1940's and `50's, the opinion is offered that Bumpy's death "marks the end of an era ..."
76) 2) text: Joe bows graciously, gives a little wave to the crowd, an sits back down as the band starts up again. At another table, Frank sits with Charlie Williams and Rossi, slightly older dope men. Like Frank, they favor expensive tailored suits. Their dates, too, are nicely dressed - not too much make-up or jewelry. Frank's glance moves from Joe Louis and his wife to a beautiful young wo at the table.
76) 4) dialog: She is a beauty queen.    No kidding. Miss Puerto Rico.
100) 0) text: The penthouse is now richly decorated. The R &amp; B musi playing through a state-of-the-art stereo system. It's a kind of office party for Frank's brothers, cousins, wives and girlfriends, distributors like Rossi and other East Harlem guys, Charlie Williams, couple of cops on Frank's payroll, and the Chemical Bank Vice President.
100) 6) dialog: Frank.   This is Mike Sibota.
118) 0) text: A TV: Muhammad Ali, the black man's black man, and Joe Frazier, the white man's black man, at their 1971 Madison Square Garden press conference where Ali says as much. Most of the guys watching it. Richie isn't. He comes over to Table of Organization. Tacks his Bar Association notice to it. Regards the photographs, like tentacles of octopus yet to have a head. Only the lowest section is made up of blacks (including Charlie Williams and Jackie Fox, but not Frank Lucas). Th rest of the faces are white and stop about midway up. They've hit a wall they can't get past.
144) 0) text: Frank and Charlie look on as Ana throws the bouquet.
144) 1) dialog: She's the most beautiful bride I ever saw, Frank.
169) 6) text: Everybody's happy, Jackie. Charlie, Baz, the cops, the Italians, everybody. Everybody except you.
176) 0) text: Alone in the empty building, he stares at the T.O.: The higher echelon Italians like Tosca; lower echelon Harlem guys like Charlie Williams and Frank Lucas. He gets up then, untacks Frank's photograph from its lowl position and moves it to a place no black has ever occupi to the top of the pyramid - above the mafia.
182) 0) text: Charlie has come to visit. A Christmas carol plays as Fra strings the tree with some lights.
182) 6) dialog: They're fucking crooks.   No code of ethics.
182) 9) dialog: Me, too.
189) 0) text: The brothers watch as a private doctor attends Frank's wounds. He seems all right fine except for the fact that someone had the fucking nerve to take a shot at him - and Charlie he sees in the newspaper - gunned down, dead, lur Weegee-like photo of him on the front page.