9) 0) text: One of the same undercover cops - Detective Trupo - scribbles a signature and badge number different from the one on his gold shield lying next to the voucher requesti evidence needed in court. He pushes the voucher under a sign - "All Handguns and Narcotics Before 10am Next Window" - to a clerk who takes past floor-to-ceiling shelves covered with files, plastic bags bulging with handguns, knives and gambling receipts. Bulkier items - like shotguns and baseball bats - lie unwrapped with dangling tags. The clerk reaches a chain-link cage where the most valuab items are locked up - narcotics, pornography, cash - chec the voucher against tags, takes down an old green suitcas
65) 1) dialog: Did you know his girlfriend? Good- looking girl. One of his informants.
65) 8) dialog: Should've seen their place.    Like animals lived there.
65) 10) dialog: (to the examiner) Chose a good night, huh?   Grand Central Station in here.
81) 0) text: A club across the river. Not nearly as nice as Small's - much louder - but like Small's, almost all black. Richie shares a booth with a black undercover detective.
87) 2) text: The other detectives are exchange a glance.       None ha heard of anything on the street that pure.
100) 17) text: As the scout hands his card to Frank, we whip over to whe Teddy, his driver Jimmy Racine and their girlfriends, cok up, are laughing as a black cop, flashing his detective's shield, pretends to frisk Jimmy.
100) 18) dialog: What's this? (taking a .45 from Jimmy's pocket) Oh, that's it, I'm taking you in.
100) 20) dialog: (gives the gun back) This then - (the pile of coke on the coffee table) But first -
100) 22) dialog: All right, now I'm arresting you.
100) 25) dialog: What is that, a bribe?     Oh, now you're all under arrest.
100) 32) dialog: I'm taking you all in.
100) 34) dialog: What was what?
100) 35) text: The room explodes with a boom and the detective crumples the floor, clutching at his leg, blood running through hi fingers onto the carpet. Frank stares.
107) 2) text: The detectives laugh.
122) 12) text: The odd thing to Richie is, Chinchilla's seat is better than all the Italians'. Detective Trupo notices this, too Richie focuses on the Chincilla's date, a stunning girl, beauty queen, then shifts back to her boyfriend who's now shaking the proffered hands of other Italians, then Don King. Joe Louis himself - who barely acknowledged Richie' existence - comes over and playfully exchanges "punches" with the man in the chinchilla coat. A sudden roar from the crowd as the lights go out except for the spot on the ring. Ali and Frazier are coming down the steps through the crush of fans and reporters, preced by soldiers carrying flags -
159) 0) text: Richie keeps Teddy's car in view ahead. Glances in his mirror at the cars following him. His detectives.
160) 0) text: The detectives' cars parked behind a warehouse. Richie peers into binoculars at: Teddy's car parked by Frank's outside another warehouse loading dock. Frank gets out, discusses something with his brother, comes past Jimmy to some men in bloody white coats. He talks to them, returns to his car, takes a valise from the trunk. He snaps it open revealing stacks of cash, han it over and walks to a semi-truck, glancing once in Richi direction. Though he can't see anyone there he gives a wa to them - or is it to the truck driver to pull out -
204) 0) text: Jimmy's come over to share his news with the detectives. But Richie isn't pleased with it - or with Jimmy.
206) 0) text: Richie's entire staff of detectives, along with Toback, t DA and several customs agents, stand on the tarmac, watch the military plane taxiing toward them -
208) 0) text: The cabin door slides up, the passengers begin emerging: Military officers, embassy personnel and families. Richie detectives and Toback watch him with concern as the offic passengers, met by a bevy of assistants, file past -
211) 0) text: Front door. Trupo sort of waves a search warrant at Julie as invites himself in. The NY cops follow, fan out. Trupo and his detectives head upstairs -
213) 0) text: Downstairs - Ana and Frank's mother, guarded, can hear Trupo and his detectives, upstairs, ransacking a bedroom. Upstairs - the SIU detectives pull open drawers, throw clothes from the closets.   Trupo picks up an invitation a United Nations ball, tosses it down again. Finds a safe deposit box key in a sock drawer, puts it in his pocket.
214) 0) text: The engines and landing gear are disassembled, the tires opened up and searched. A nozzle plunges into a toilet an pumps out the contents into barrels detectives fish throu with gloved hands -
215) 0) text: Ana is taken upstairs, brought before the SIU detectives who wait for the NYPD cops to leave the room. The place has been torn apart.
216) 0) text: Richie, off by himself, watches with a growing sense of panic as the mechanics, detectives and customs agents beg removing the metal skin from the plane. Coffins are being off-loaded.
227) 38) text: Richie isn't really listening. Strides past his detective on his way out of the building. To Spearman -
227) 40) text: Toback watches as the detectives follow after Richie striding toward his car.
235) 0) text: The laundry truck comes past a guard gate, leaves the bas drives past a stand of trees. As it passes, Richie, parke by his detectives' cars, recognizes the young driver - wh wearing the same Yankee baseball cap in his T.O. photo. As Richie and his detectives climb into their cars, two Lucas cars fold in behind the laundry truck. The detectiv follow at a distance -
238) 0) text: From overhead, the laundry truck, the gun car and the van and the detectives' cars following them all - converge fr different directions -
246) 0) text: Richie removes the cover plate of an elevator, cuts the wires, disengaging it, then leads the Amigos, followed by more detectives to a stairwell. The place is like Beirut. Debris-strewn, graffiti-covered.
249) 0) text: Half the apartment doors are gone. TVs and radios echo, voices argue, infants wail. The detectives come around a corner and see at the end of it: a couple of guys with a sawed-off shotguns sitting outside a closed door. They step back. Consider one other. Spearman volunteers with a nod, continues on alone as the others wait. He wal up to the guys with the guns.
250) 0) text: The door splinters - the room already in chaos - Teddy, panicked, runs for the bedroom - the detectives crash in yelling at the girls to get down - a shot from somewhere inside wings Abruzzo - Jones and Spearman firing back - crawling across the floor like an infantrymen - Richie comes into the darkened bedroom leading with his pistol. But Teddy's gone. He sees a tapestry of a tiger o a wall. Pulls at it, finds a big hole knocked into anothe dark apartment, climbs through, sees an open door -
262) 0) text: Frank puts up photographs of detectives - 347   QUICK CUTS of the same detectives, in handcuffs, le police stations past other cops watching with dread like maybe they're next - A surveillance photograph of the four Princes of the City striding down a sidewalk goes up on the cell wall - 348   FLASHCUT as three of the four SIU cops are led away from a golf course - 349   A surveillance photograph of Trupo in a black hand