61) 0) text: As Frank leads his brothers down the sidewalk, the Townca that was parked at the Teaneck house, driven by Frank's b guard, Doc, follows alongside at the same pace they walk. FRANK
79) 8) text: Jackie glides into the club with his magazines and entourage. Frank watches him make the rounds, lingering a Miss Puerto Rico's table and holding her hand longer than should with his girlfriend on his arm. Frank glances to Teddy wearily, then to Doc, alone at the next table like sentry. Frank doesn't have to say he's ready to leave. Do knows the look. Gets up.
80) 0) text: Frank comes into the coat check area where Doc waits with his overcoat. As Frank slips into it, Miss Puerto Rico - returning from the ladies room - comes through.
83) 2) text: Frank gets out before Doc can, and escorts Ana to the car
84) 0) text: Outside the house, Doc sits in the car reading a newspape
125) 0) text: Toback sifts through documents Richie has gathered: limousine company records, Frank's thin arrest record, mu shots of him years younger, the photograph from the fight and some more from subsequent surveillances.
148) 0) text: Rice rains down on the bride and groom as they climb into the back of the Towncar. Doc comes around to the driver's side, gets in and slowly pushes through the crush of gues waving and throwing kisses.
150) 2) text: Stay in the car As Frank and Doc climb out, Frank motions to his other security men to remain calm, he'll handle this.
160) 0) text: The detectives' cars parked behind a warehouse. Richie peers into binoculars at: Teddy's car parked by Frank's outside another warehouse loading dock. Frank gets out, discusses something with his brother, comes past Jimmy to some men in bloody white coats. He talks to them, returns to his car, takes a valise from the trunk. He snaps it open revealing stacks of cash, han it over and walks to a semi-truck, glancing once in Richi direction. Though he can't see anyone there he gives a wa to them - or is it to the truck driver to pull out -
181) 12) dialog: Frank -
181) 14) text: Doc pulls to the curb outside Frank's building. As the doorman helps Doc with the big Christmas tree tied to the roof of the car, Frank crosses to Trupo's car with a coup of bottles of Crystal tied with holiday bows.
184) 0) text: Frank's car approaches Small's just as Jackie, with a Santa Claus hat on, climbs out of a sky blue Bentley with his entourage. Frank groans to Doc -
184) 2) dialog: Around back?
184) 7) dialog: Go ahead, Frank.       I'll wait for it.
184) 9) text: Doc nods, go on, go with Ana. Frank hands him a couple twenties. Ana's already outside.
186) 3) dialog: Gimme some of that yellow sauce.
187) 5) dialog: You hit?
187) 7) text: They pile in and Doc screeches away from the curb.
189) 0) text: The brothers watch as a private doctor attends Frank's wounds. He seems all right fine except for the fact that someone had the fucking nerve to take a shot at him - and Charlie he sees in the newspaper - gunned down, dead, lur Weegee-like photo of him on the front page.
189) 9) text: He obviously wants to talk to Ana alone. Pulls away from the doctor. They all leave. Ana keeps packing.
229) 0) text: He comes down the stairs to where Doc waits.         As t for the door -
229) 2) text: Frank glances to where his mother sits in the living room Nods to Doc to say, Get the car, I'll be out in a minute. Goes over to his mother.
231) 0) text: The white caskets are taken to a loading dock, put in a military truck. Papers are signed, copies exchanged. As the truck drives off -
237) 0) text: Frank emerges from the church, kisses his mother and Ana put them in a car with a driver. He climbs into Doc's alone. His mother watches, wondering perhaps if he intend to go kill Trupo after all. As Doc's car leaves, so does another.
240) 0) text: Doc waits in the car while Frank buys some flowers at a cemetery flower stand. The surveillance car cruises past.
247) 0) text: Frank walks past graves to Bumpy's. Replaces some dried flowers with fresh ones. Looks around for something to si on. Sees some wooden folding chairs around a fresher grav nearby. Doc waits by the car in the distance.
255) 0) text: Frank, on a wooden folding chair at Bumpy's grave, hears the gunning of engines and barking of cops. He turns to s Doc being handcuffed on the ground by the Towncar. Glance to a lone figure walking toward him over a rise. Richie. Richie arrives at the grave. Regards the monument to Ellsworth Johnson, and Frank sitting calmly regarding him Richie glances around the peaceful surroundings ...