2) 0) text: Bumpy Johnson, an elderly but still sturdy black man, elegantly dressed - cashmere overcoat, gloves, Homburg - stands in falling snow atop a flatbed truck - as he does every Thanksgiving - tossing down turkeys to the poor - like a benign king. Legend:   Harlem A younger man, the gunman from the club - Frank Lucas - Bumpy's driver/bodyguard/collector/protege - watches from below.
2) 13) text: This is the problem. This is the way it is now: You can't find the heart of anything to stick the knife. Bumpy stops before a display of cameras and stares in. They're all pointed at him as a pain grips his chest and sinks to his knees. Frank kneels down.
2) 14) dialog: What is it? Bumpy seems unable to speak, looks to Frank confused.
2) 15) dialog: Somebody call an ambulance! But the store suddenly seems empty. Frank yells into the emporium but can't be heard above the Muzak and the cash registers ringing up sales Bumpy will never see a piece o Looking up at Frank, Bumpy manages weakly -
4) 4) dialog: All right.
4) 15) dialog: Yeah.
4) 17) dialog: I'll be fine, Charlie. Half the people here owed Bumpy money when he died. A lot of money. If they think I'm going to forget to collect, they're wrong.
14) 0) text: Frank comes into an empty bar, chairs up on tables. A middle-aged man mopping up glances up at him as he crosse to a back room.
15) 2) dialog: Fuckin crooks. Rossi, who looks more like a middle-aged accountant than Italian dope supplier he is, makes two espressos.
15) 6) dialog: It's chaos.    Every gorilla for himself.
17) 0) text: As is his custom, Frank eats breakfast alone. A middle- aged waitress appears when he's done, picks up his plate and refills his coffee.
17) 1) dialog: Thank you, Charlene.      Last one.
17) 3) dialog: Then maybe I'll have to go for a walk. Just cause you said so.
17) 4) text: She smiles and leaves. Frank pours some sugar in his coffee. Someone taps on the window and he looks up, sees two servicemen - one in uniform - one he recognizes.
18) 0) text: Frank leads the servicemen up the stairs of a building.
19) 0) text: Corner apartment above the street. A girl sits smoking at a work table covered with drug-cutting apparatus. Another Frank's cutter and sometimes-girlfriend, Red Top - sets a couple of packets of heroin in front of the servicemen.
19) 8) dialog: How's Nate?   You seen him?
19) 10) dialog: Where, Saigon?
19) 14) dialog: You're gonna have to boot it a couple times. Cops keep cutting it, selling it, cutting it -
27) 0) text: Tango and his bodyguard come in and approach Frank's tabl where he reads the morning paper as he eats breakfast. TANGO
27) 1) text: Didn't you see the jar, Frank? I think you walked right past it. Frank ignores him, forks at his eggs, eats.    Tango sits TANGO
27) 2) text: The money jar. On the corner.      What I got to do, put a sign on it? Frank indicates that he would answer if his mouth wasn't full. He swallows finally, but then only reaches for his coffee cup to take a sip, further irritating Tango.
27) 8) text: Frank dabs at his mouth with a napkin and gives Tango a l that says that won't be happening.
27) 10) text: Right now Tango is dead. No doubt about it.          On t surface, though, Frank remains cool.
27) 11) dialog: Twenty percent?
27) 13) dialog: Twenty percent's my profit. If I'm giving it to you then what am I doing? Twenty percent puts me, and everyone you know, out of business, which puts you out of business. (reaches for his breakfast check) There are ways to make money legitimately, and then there's this way. Not even Bumpy took twenty percent.
27) 15) text: Frank regards Tango a moment, gets up, takes out his mone clip, covers the check on the table with a five, peels of $1 bill from the clip, tosses it down in front of Tango.
27) 16) dialog: There.   That's twenty-percent.
29) 0) text: A pencil clutched by long fingers scribbles figures. But no matter how many times Frank does the arithmetic, there not much left, he calculates, after he pays the Italian suppliers and, if he were to, Tango.
31) 0) text: A bleak day. Seagulls fighting over scraps on the sand as others hover overhead, flapping and cawing. Alone near th water, Frank tosses a stick for the German shepherd he inherited.
33) 0) text: The sounds of the gulls and surf and roller coaster begin fade as Frank throws the stick again. BUMPY V/O
33) 1) text: Sends the fast nimble sheep out front, and the others follow as the shepherd walks quietly behind - The dog retrieves the stick, but this time - somehow - it to Bumpy's hand he returns it. Frank listens attentively. BUMPY
35) 0) text: The dog trots back to Bumpy and Frank with the stick.
36) 0) text: Hot dog stand. Bumpy hands a hot dog to Frank, holds out another to the shepherd. To camera:
36) 2) text: Frank nods. The vender hands him a napkin. The shepherd is still with him, but Bumpy is gone, and the gulls and t people on the roller coaster squeal as Frank comes out of his meditative trance with an idea.
36) 3) text: A needle pierces the crook of Frank's arm.       Slight g A cotton ball is pushed onto the puncture.       Malaria
36) 4) text: A strobe lights up Frank's face:      a passport photo.
37) 0) text: Keys turn the locks of a safety-deposit box. The lid lift revealing decks of cash. Frank takes it all out, slips on slender packet into Bumpy's banker's jacket pocket.
37) 1) dialog: Get yourself a new suit.
38) 0) text: Under portraits of bank Vice Presidents before him, the m types out a Chemical Bank check for Frank for $400,000.
40) 0) text: Frank sits in the back of a motor samlor.       Bicycles around it like flies.
41) 0) text: The clientele is almost exclusively black servicemen on R and Asian women. A trio of ex-GI's plays authentic Southe blues on a small stage. Ham hocks and collard greens come out of the kitchen. Smoke chokes the place. Frank, one of the few men not in uniform, and not drunk o stoned, sits alone at a table with a Coca-Cola and survey the activity: Dope being rolled. Dope being smoked. Dope being shot. GI's and prostitutes climbing a staircase. His eyes follow an Army Master Sergeant, moving among the tables as if checking on the GI's well being. But at some his hand takes money, leaves in its place packets of powd The Sergeant feels eyes on him and glances up, catching Frank watching him from across the room. He squints throu the smoke at the figure at the table in the shadows, and, a kind of shock, more to himself -
41) 2) text: Frank half-lifts his glass to wave, and Nate beams.
42) 0) text: Frank has guests at his table now: his cousin Nate the Sergeant, and two young Asian wise guys. They talk about him in Thai (subtitled):
42) 11) dialog: A hundred kilos.
43) 0) text: Steam and neon.    Frank and Nate at a crowded stand.
43) 2) dialog: That's not what I want.
43) 4) dialog: No, even then it's too late. It's been chopped. I want to get it where they get it. From the source.
43) 5) text: Nate stares at him ... then laughs.       Frank doesn't.
43) 7) dialog: Why not.
43) 13) dialog: I've lived in jungles all my (life) -
45) 0) text: A motley bunch of Thai thugs and black American soldiers with automatic weapons ride mules through the dense jungl with Nate and Frank, who - armed with a pistol, a rifle a ammo bandolier like Pancho Villa - is enjoying himself. From his POV, the jungle canopy suddenly opens up on a po field the size of Manhattan. Frank stares down at it.
46) 0) text: On the ground now with their small private army, Nate spe with one of the Thais, then translates for Frank.
46) 2) text: Some of whom they can see down below on the opium farm - Chinese soldiers with outdated weapons. Frank tips his he to Nate at some other figures below -
46) 3) dialog: They ain't Chinese.
46) 4) text: A handful of better-armed American sentries at the perime of the farm. CIA. Frank, Nate and the others hang back as one of the Thais steps ahead to speak to the guerillas.
47) 0) text: The processing center for the entire region. The Thai translator is with Frank to negotiate with a vanquished Chinese general. Other Americans and Thais guard them while the Chinese with their CIA advisors guard them.
48) 0) text: The Chinese general examines Frank's papers - passport, visa, bank receipts - and lots of cash - then studies Fra
48) 2) dialog: What do you care?
48) 4) dialog: What do you care?
48) 6) dialog: It says right there.   Frank Lucas.
48) 8) dialog: Me. The man doesn't believe it, but lets it go.
48) 16) dialog: Then there'd be more. On a regular basis. Though I'd rather not have to drag my ass all the way up here every time.
48) 17) text: The man regards Frank for a long moment.       Glances ba the cash and paperwork again. Finally -
49) 0) text: Torrential monsoon rains. Dripping camouflage. Nate and Frank climb down from the Huey. Frank no longer wears the bandolier. Now a press card dangles from his neck.
49) 8) dialog: Give them a hundred.
49) 14) dialog: A hundred. And it's all I got left. So if that dope doesn't arrive, for whatever reason - (embraces Nate and whispers) Cousin or no cousin - don't let me down.
49) 15) text: He holds out a business envelope fat with money. Nate hesitates, knowing Frank has just said he'll kill him if things don't go right, then takes it.
52) 0) text: Silence. Marshland. A beat-up Chevy parked alongside a perimeter fence. Frank waits by the car as a military Jee with its lights out comes across a firing range. It slows stops. In it, the silhouettes of three servicemen, black, armed with M-16's. Silence again, before:
52) 2) text: Frank does it, then stands aside as the other servicemen drag four large taped-up duffel bags from the Jeep to his car, lift them into his trunk and slam it shut.
53) 0) text: The duffel bags, still closed, on a table. Frank regards them, nursing a drink, putting off the moment of discover that he has perhaps spent his life's savings on nothing.
54) 0) text: The duffel bags are elsewhere. The only evidence of any drugs is the small amount Frank has given a chemist - who looks like a Harvard student - to test. It responds instantly. The young man looks at Frank.
54) 2) text: The chemist opens a leather travel syringe kit to shoot u but Frank gives him some to take home instead.
54) 3) dialog: Take it with you. I don't want to have to call the coroner.
55) 9) dialog: Teddy.
55) 11) dialog: Frank.
55) 13) dialog: Frank your brother.
57) 0) text: Frank and the dog in the back yard of a suburban house. His neighbors - those he can see - are white. He hears a sound - cars arriving - and crosses toward the house wher a sold "For Sale" sign leans against a half-built kennel. Out front, a caravan of cars and pickup trucks - North Carolina plates - loaded with boxes and suitcases - has j arrived. Exhausted from the drive but excited to be here, the travelers climb out: Frank's five brothers, their wiv and kids, and their mother. Teddy thinks it's the right place. The others aren't as sure. The house is too nice. There's a new Lincoln Townca parked outside the garage. They'll probably be shot for trespassing. The front door opens and Frank comes out, trailed by his dog. He first gathers his mother in an embrace, then each of his startled brothers.
58) 0) text: The house is alive with the noise of family and scent of home-cooked food as the extended Lucas clan - there's mor than twenty of them - sits around a big dining room table passing the platters around. Frank, at the head of the table, clearly loves having them all here.
58) 2) text: Everyone agrees as Turner's son - Frank's nephew - the 18 year-old boy seen pitching in the North Carolina back yar tries to shrug.
58) 7) dialog: You show me after supper.
58) 9) dialog: (smiling; happy) Is that right.
59) 0) text: The wonderful noise continues downstairs as Frank leads h mother on a tour of the upstairs. The place is a showroom of traditional Americana.
59) 1) dialog: This is your room.
59) 4) dialog: I had it made. From memory.
59) 6) dialog: I remember.
60) 0) text: The Statue of Liberty against the New York skyline. FRANK V/O
61) 0) text: As Frank leads his brothers down the sidewalk, the Townca that was parked at the Teaneck house, driven by Frank's b guard, Doc, follows alongside at the same pace they walk. FRANK
61) 1) text: I was with him every day for fifteen of them, looking after him, taking care of things, protecting him, learning from him. The brothers can't help but notice the storekeepers who w to Frank, the women who smile, the men who step out of hi path like there's a red carpet under his polished shoes. FRANK
61) 4) text: Nobody owns me. Because I own my company. INTERCUT: Feminine hands stamp small packets of blue cellophane with the words `Blue Magic' - FRANK
61) 5) text: And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower. Frank stops outside an apartment door. TEDDY
61) 6) text: What are we selling, Frank?
62) 2) dialog: Honey, these are my brothers.
64) 0) text: As his brothers eat lunch, Frank - who can see Tango outs - uncaps a glass sugar container.
64) 1) dialog: What matters in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, loyalty, and never forgetting where you came from.
64) 2) text: For reasons his brothers can't imagine, Frank empties all sugar from the container onto his plate.
64) 3) dialog: You are what you are and that's one of two things. You're nothing ... or you're something. Understand what I'm saying?
64) 4) text: The brothers nod tentatively, stare at the now-empty glas container. Frank wipes his mouth with a napkin, gets up.
64) 5) dialog: I'll be right back.
64) 7) dialog: Hey, Tango, what's up.    I was just thinking about you.
64) 13) dialog: I was looking at the jar and you know what? I didn't    see nothing in it.
64) 15) text: Before the last word is out of Tango's mouth, Frank's got gun pressed against his forehead. Silence. Everyone backs away - the bodyguard, too. Tango's girl pulls her arm fro his and takes off. Eventually -
64) 17) text: It's as if life on the street has stopped. No one moves; everyone is looking at Frank; maybe that's what he wants. As Tango laughs at the thought -
64) 18) dialog: Yeah, that's right.
64) 19) text: Frank pulls the trigger and the big man falls back like someone hit with a board. Frank stands over him and empti the gun in his chest, the shots echoing down the street. Then it's quiet again. Everyone's still looking him, but Frank doesn't run. Instead, he calmly reaches into Tango' suit pocket, takes out a money clip thick with cash, drop it in the "jar" and sets it next to the body.
64) 20) dialog: For the cops. Should be enough.
64) 21) text: Frank returns to the diner and sits back down, ignoring t astonished stares from his brothers and everyone else in place. Tries to remember where he was in his lecture as h tucks the napkin back in his shirt collar.
64) 22) dialog: That basically's the whole picture right there.
70) 0) text: A real estate broker watches Frank consider the high- ceilinged spaciousness of a grand, unfurnished 50's moder Upper East Side penthouse -
72) 0) text: Frank regards light streaming in from the garden terrace
74) 0) text: Frank distractedly opens and closes a 12' high curtain in one of the rooms -
74) 5) dialog: No loan, no contingencies.    Cash sale.
76) 2) text: Joe bows graciously, gives a little wave to the crowd, an sits back down as the band starts up again. At another table, Frank sits with Charlie Williams and Rossi, slightly older dope men. Like Frank, they favor expensive tailored suits. Their dates, too, are nicely dressed - not too much make-up or jewelry. Frank's glance moves from Joe Louis and his wife to a beautiful young wo at the table.
76) 3) dialog: Who's the beauty queen?
76) 5) text: Her glance crosses Frank's briefly but is yanked to the entrance of the club when Frank's brothers come in with their wives and girlfriends. Teddy's in a parrot green suit, gold chains, hat, acting like he owns the place.
77) 0) text: Frank hustles Teddy into an empty back room.
77) 1) dialog: What is this?
77) 8) dialog: I'm wearing clothes. These are clothes. Those - (Teddy's in the mirror) - are a costume. With a sign on it that says Arrest me. You look like fuckin Jackie Fox.
77) 10) dialog: You like Jackie? You want to be Superfly? Go work for him, end up in a cell with him.
77) 11) text: Teddy pulls himself from Frank's grasp. Smooths his shirt adjusts his hat. Frank tries to explain to him:
77) 12) dialog: The guy making all the noise in the room is the weak one. That's not who you want to be.
77) 14) text: Frank stares at his brother's reflection in the mirror.
77) 15) dialog: You and Jackie were talking about me?
77) 17) text: Frank clearly wants nothing to do with Jackie Fox.
77) 18) dialog: I'm taking you shopping tomorrow.
77) 20) dialog: You go shopping every day.    Like a girl.
79) 0) text: Joe Louis has come over to speak to Frank at his table.
79) 2) dialog: How much you owe?
79) 4) text: Frank isn't sure if it's an honor or a curse to have a celebrity like Joe Louis asking to borrow money, but nods
79) 5) dialog: Sure.   Don't worry about it.
79) 7) dialog: Joe. It's a gift. Not a loan.       You don't owe me nothing.
79) 8) text: Jackie glides into the club with his magazines and entourage. Frank watches him make the rounds, lingering a Miss Puerto Rico's table and holding her hand longer than should with his girlfriend on his arm. Frank glances to Teddy wearily, then to Doc, alone at the next table like sentry. Frank doesn't have to say he's ready to leave. Do knows the look. Gets up.
80) 0) text: Frank comes into the coat check area where Doc waits with his overcoat. As Frank slips into it, Miss Puerto Rico - returning from the ladies room - comes through.
80) 2) dialog: I'm Frank.
80) 8) dialog: Because I don't have to.
83) 1) dialog: I got it.
83) 2) text: Frank gets out before Doc can, and escorts Ana to the car
83) 3) dialog: I hope you weren't waiting long. A woman as beautiful as you shouldn't have to wait for anything.
85) 2) text: Frank shakes his head no.       It's a picture of Bumpy.
85) 3) dialog: You really don't know who that is? (she doesn't) It's Martin Luther King.
85) 5) dialog: You're right. He was as important as Dr. King, though.
85) 11) dialog: A lot of things. He had a lot of friends. He served New York and it served him.
85) 13) text: Frank has to think.     Bumpy was more than his employer.
85) 14) dialog: Teacher.
85) 16) dialog: How to take my time ... how if you're going to do something, do it with care ... do it with love.
85) 21) dialog: How be a gentleman.
85) 24) dialog: I got five different apartments in the city I could've taken you to. I brought you here instead -
85) 29) dialog: To meet my mother.
88) 0) text: Frank sits with the bank Vice President who wires a trans to:
95) 0) text: August. Hot. Kids wrench open a fire hydrant and with an empty soda can direct the water into a fountain. The wate sprays down onto the windshield of a beat-up Chevy coming slowly through, revealing when it clears, Frank behind th wheel. He parks. Glances at his watch.
99) 0) text: Alone in the room, Frank transfers stacks of $100's from file boxes into several open safety-deposit boxes.
100) 0) text: The penthouse is now richly decorated. The R &amp; B musi playing through a state-of-the-art stereo system. It's a kind of office party for Frank's brothers, cousins, wives and girlfriends, distributors like Rossi and other East Harlem guys, Charlie Williams, couple of cops on Frank's payroll, and the Chemical Bank Vice President.
100) 2) dialog: I deal with enough crooks as it is.
100) 5) text: The banker hands him the card and moves on. Frank's tryin to have a good time, but the level of noise and revelry i beginning to make him uncomfortable.
100) 12) dialog: Mr. Sibota.   What can I get you?
100) 14) text: Frank points to his nephew, Stevie, across the room.
100) 15) dialog: It's been his dream all his life to play for the Yankees - and he's good enough.
100) 17) text: As the scout hands his card to Frank, we whip over to whe Teddy, his driver Jimmy Racine and their girlfriends, cok up, are laughing as a black cop, flashing his detective's shield, pretends to frisk Jimmy.
100) 35) text: The room explodes with a boom and the detective crumples the floor, clutching at his leg, blood running through hi fingers onto the carpet. Frank stares.
100) 37) text: Suddenly, Frank grabs Jimmy and throws him against the wa
101) 0) text: As Ana tries to clean the blood stain on the rug with sal and soda water, Frank sits with his five brothers in the debris-strewn aftermath of the party. Silence before:
101) 1) dialog: I can't have this kind of stupidity.
101) 3) dialog: He doesn't feel shit, coked up all the time. Get rid of him.
101) 9) text: Frank looks at Teddy in his tinted Jackie Fox-like goggle glasses - like he's going to straighten anybody out.
101) 10) dialog: Gimme those glasses.
101) 12) text: Frank pulls them from Teddy's face and crushes them.
115) 2) text: A clay pigeon sails out across the manicured garden. A shotgun blast shatters it. The man with the gun - Albert Tosca - hands another to Frank. As Frank sets to shoot, A can seen behind them, with Tosca's wife in the opulent house, looking uncomfortable.
115) 6) dialog: Pull -
116) 0) text: As servants stand by, Tosca and his wife and their only guests - Frank and Ana - finished with lunch, get up from the table in the formal Formal dining room.
116) 6) dialog: Too many things to look after right now to think about that.
116) 10) dialog: Bumpy was interested in a lot of things.
116) 12) text: Droplets snake down Frank's glass. He senses Tosca has finally gotten around to why he was invited here.
116) 14) dialog: He didn't have what you needed. You had what he needed. We've always had to come to you.
116) 16) text: Tosca studies Frank, who is a study in inscrutability.
116) 22) dialog: I'm just trying to make a living.
116) 24) dialog: I set a price I think is fair.
116) 26) dialog: (very calmly) I'm thinking of them as much as they ever thought of me.
116) 28) text: Frank doesn't look excited at all. He's the picture of calm. Tosca smiles benignly and gets up.
117) 6) dialog: I don't need it. I already got everything from 110th Street to Yankee Stadium, river to river.
117) 8) text: Frank does. It's a backhanded threat.        Tosca clips cigars with a gold guillotine
117) 10) text: Frank knows, in truth, he's not being given any choice in this matter. Still, maybe it's not so bad.
117) 11) dialog: You pay what a kilo now, 75, 80? I'd consider 50. And I can get you as much as you want.
117) 14) text: He hands Frank one of the cigars, expertly prepared.
117) 20) dialog: They look at me like it's Christmas and I'm Santa Claus.
117) 22) dialog: (kisses her cheek)
118) 0) text: A TV: Muhammad Ali, the black man's black man, and Joe Frazier, the white man's black man, at their 1971 Madison Square Garden press conference where Ali says as much. Most of the guys watching it. Richie isn't. He comes over to Table of Organization. Tacks his Bar Association notice to it. Regards the photographs, like tentacles of octopus yet to have a head. Only the lowest section is made up of blacks (including Charlie Williams and Jackie Fox, but not Frank Lucas). Th rest of the faces are white and stop about midway up. They've hit a wall they can't get past.
119) 0) text: Another TV here: Howard Cosell, ringside at the Garden as the first early fans arrive, pointing out that the fight, because of the political stand Ali's taken, is less about boxers than war versus anti-war. Frank chooses a linen jacket from his extensive color- coordinated racks of Phil Cromfeld suits as Ana, in her lingerie, puts on make-up at a vanity. He comes up behind her and sets down a small jewelry box.
121) 0) text: Ana's reflection in the vanity mirror as Frank slips the engagement ring on her finger. She wipes at a tear, then gets up and hugs him.
121) 4) text: She crosses past the TV, takes a garment bag down from he side of the closet, lays it on the bed next to Frank's su jacket. She takes hold of the zipper but doesn't immediately pull it, hoping perhaps to create some dramat tension.
121) 5) dialog: What is it?
121) 6) text: She unzips the bag like she's unveiling great art. But instead of seeing what's inside, we're allowed only Frank reaction: his smile of anticipation slowly changing to chagrin.
122) 10) text: Louis acknowledges Richie only slightly more than not at all. Turns away to join his friends. Richie watches after him, stung by Louis's disregard. He snaps a picture of an Italian wise guy he doesn't recognize ... sifts the camera's view past Frank in the chinchilla coat ... then returns to him, watches as Tosca and his guys sit down behind Frank. Richie can't hear - but can see - their good-natured exchange -
124) 0) text: From above, a sea of ladies' hats, all coral and pink. Below, Frank stands at the altar, waiting for his bride.
125) 0) text: Toback sifts through documents Richie has gathered: limousine company records, Frank's thin arrest record, mu shots of him years younger, the photograph from the fight and some more from subsequent surveillances.
126) 0) text: Ana's family and friends on one side of the aisle, the extended Lucas family - on the other. Frank's mother look at her eldest son at the altar with pride.
133) 0) text: A photograph of Teddy goes up on the T.O. next to Frank a the other brothers and some cousins -
134) 0) text: Best Man Teddy standing next to Frank at the altar as the bride is escorted down the aisle by her father. Tight on Frank in a beautiful tuxedo -
139) 0) text: Richie sits in his car across from Small's where bouncers keep out people like him. Frank, Ana, Wilt Chamberlain an his wife emerge from the restaurant together.
141) 0) text: Frank's mother tearfully watches her son slip a ring onto Ana's finger next to the fat engagement diamond - before Ana, in turn, puts a gold band on Frank's. The minister pronounces them husband and wife, the veil is lifted, and they kiss to great applause -
144) 0) text: Frank and Charlie look on as Ana throws the bouquet.
144) 2) dialog: I wish Bumpy could've met her.     I wish she could've met him.
150) 1) dialog: (to Ana)
150) 2) text: Stay in the car As Frank and Doc climb out, Frank motions to his other security men to remain calm, he'll handle this.
150) 4) dialog: Detective. Trupo looks in at Ana in the back seat, smiles at her. Sh turns her head away and closes the door. Trupo leads Fran away for a private conversation -
150) 10) dialog: Listen   to me. Before you say another word -   about her - or me - remember that you're   saying it on the most important fuckin   day of my life.
150) 12) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
150) 14) dialog: You want to keep talking, talk to my lawyer, here's his card. You call him, because we're done here -
150) 16) dialog: If you're not getting your share, it's not my fault, go ask the chief of police.
150) 18) dialog: No, you're all the fuckin same.
150) 24) dialog: Detective ... There are some things you don't do. This is one of them. Not on a man's wedding day.
150) 25) text: Frank's resolve throws Trupo off his rhythm.           He
151) 0) text: Frank doesn't carry Ana across the threshold. He strides leaving her at the front door, throws a match in the gas fireplace, comes back from the bedroom a moment later wit the $50,000 chinchilla coat and throws it on the flames.
160) 0) text: The detectives' cars parked behind a warehouse. Richie peers into binoculars at: Teddy's car parked by Frank's outside another warehouse loading dock. Frank gets out, discusses something with his brother, comes past Jimmy to some men in bloody white coats. He talks to them, returns to his car, takes a valise from the trunk. He snaps it open revealing stacks of cash, han it over and walks to a semi-truck, glancing once in Richi direction. Though he can't see anyone there he gives a wa to them - or is it to the truck driver to pull out -
161) 0) text: Like Bumpy used to do every Thanksgiving, Frank and his brothers, from the back of the truck, hand out hundreds o freshly-butchered turkeys to the poor.
162) 0) text: Frank, in an apron, carries in a huge cooked turkey as th extended Lucas family gathers around the table. It's like Norman Rockwell painting -
164) 0) text: The big knife in Frank's hand slices into the turkey and lifts meat onto a plate that's passed from hand to hand, family engaged in several conversations at once, laughing
166) 0) text: Jimmy comes out, tries to take a chair not too far from Frank who's watching his nephew toss pop-up flies for the younger kids to catch.
166) 1) dialog: Stevie. Come over here. (the nephew comes over)
166) 8) dialog: You're     too busy to meet with Billy Martin?   After I set it up?
166) 9) text: Stevie shifts around, not wanting to make Frank mad ...
166) 11) dialog: What're you   talking about? This is your dream since   you were their age - (the   younger kids) Maybe I can   set it up again.
166) 14) text: Frank stares at him unhappily.       Teddy comes over but barely notices.
167) 2) dialog: You tested it. You're sure.
167) 3) text: Teddy nods. Frank notices Jimmy looking at them in the re view mirror.
167) 4) dialog: The fuck you looking at?
168) 0) text: The car pulls up in front of a building in the clothing district. Jimmy stays while Teddy and Frank go inside.
169) 0) text: Jackie's club looks like a set from a blaxploitation film Frank and Teddy, led by a bodyguard, come past some turke carcasses and other remnants of Thanksgiving to where Jac and a couple friends cavort with some naked girls.
169) 2) dialog: We need to talk.
169) 5) dialog: That's not why I'm here. (Jackie glances up from the powder. No?)
169) 8) dialog: Then I don't understand. Why do you have to take something that's perfectly good the way it is, and wreck it? Jackie doesn't seem to understand.
169) 9) dialog: Brand names mean something, Jackie. Consumers rely on them to know what they're getting. They know the company isn't going to try to fool them with an inferior product. They buy a Ford, they know they're gonna get a Ford.
169) 15) dialog: Not a fuckin Datsun. (his look says, right?) Blue Magic is a brand name; as much a brand name as Pepsi. I own it. I stand behind it. I guarantee it and people know that even if they don't know me any more than they know the chairman of General Foods.
169) 17) dialog: What you're doing, as far as I'm concerned, when you chop my dope down to five percent, is trademark infringement.
169) 20) dialog: That's not true. That's where you're wrong.
169) 22) dialog: Jackie, you don't need to. You don't need to make more money than you can with Blue the way it is. No one does. At a certain point it's just greed.
169) 24) dialog: I have to insist. You call it Blue Magic, that's misrepresentation.
169) 26) dialog: That's all I'm saying.   Wrap it in red cellophane and -
169) 32) dialog: Whack it down to nothing, tie a bow around it and call it Blue Dogshit if you want, just don't let me catch you doing this again.
169) 33) text: Jackie regards Frank for a long moment ...
169) 35) text: Jackie waits to hear a kinder word but Frank doesn't offe one. Jackie nods, Fine, okay, but it's more like a warnin
170) 0) text: Frank pulls a girl off Teddy's lap and points him toward the door. Jackie watches them leave.
172) 1) dialog: You don't go over there any more.
172) 3) dialog: It's all right, pull over, what are they going to do? Give us a ticket?
173) 3) dialog: Detective. How's it going?        You have a nice Thanksgiving?
173) 5) dialog: Where's the Shelby?
173) 9) dialog: We're gonna shut the trunk and say good night, forget you pulled us over.
173) 16) dialog: I don't know, would you rather it's your fuckin house blows up next time?
173) 19) dialog: I know.
174) 0) text: From outside the driver's side, Teddy's head, inside the car, suddenly smashes against the window, cracking it. Hi groan is interrupted by Frank's muffled voice -
174) 1) dialog: Don't you ever put me in a car with dope in it.
176) 0) text: Alone in the empty building, he stares at the T.O.: The higher echelon Italians like Tosca; lower echelon Harlem guys like Charlie Williams and Frank Lucas. He gets up then, untacks Frank's photograph from its lowl position and moves it to a place no black has ever occupi to the top of the pyramid - above the mafia.
177) 0) text: Toback regards Frank's picture at top of the Lucas T.O.
181) 13) dialog: Yeah, I see them.
181) 14) text: Doc pulls to the curb outside Frank's building. As the doorman helps Doc with the big Christmas tree tied to the roof of the car, Frank crosses to Trupo's car with a coup of bottles of Crystal tied with holiday bows.
181) 15) dialog: Here you go, boys.   Merry Christmas.
182) 1) dialog: Paying cops is one thing, I understand that. I been paying them since I was ten - put more of their kids through college than the National Merit Award. This is different, this Special Investigations Unit. They think they are special.
182) 7) text: Frank plugs the cord in and the tree lights up.
182) 8) dialog: Someone's been following me. Besides cops. I see cars where they shouldn't be. Guys I don't know -
183) 0) text: Ana hangs tinsel on the tree as Frank gives the shepherd some dog toy presents he's bought. More to himself:
183) 1) dialog: Bumpy hardly ever went out at a certain point. He stayed in - read - watched TV - played chess. I thought he chose to lead a quiet life. He didn't. He couldn't go out without something happening.
183) 3) dialog: Where? With who? Everyone I know is under surveillance. I can't even be with my family at Christmas anymore.
183) 6) dialog: I do pay them, I pay them all. Cops, accountants, lawyers, who don't I pay? Everybody. I pay them a fortune, it doesn't matter. It doesn't satisfy them. The more you pay, the more they expect.
183) 12) dialog: You can't start with them because they can't stop. It's like dope. They always want more.
183) 13) text: Ana looks vulnerable. Frank almost feels bad that it's hi life and problems that have put them here. Eventually, to try to turn it around -
183) 14) dialog: Put on something nice, we're going out.
184) 0) text: Frank's car approaches Small's just as Jackie, with a Santa Claus hat on, climbs out of a sky blue Bentley with his entourage. Frank groans to Doc -
184) 1) dialog: Keep going.
184) 3) dialog: Fuck that. I'm not going to sneak into my own club. Just drive.
184) 8) dialog: You can carry it all?      We ordered a lot.
184) 9) text: Doc nods, go on, go with Ana. Frank hands him a couple twenties. Ana's already outside.
184) 14) dialog: Don't forget the yellow sauce.
185) 0) text: Ana's half a block ahead, waiting outside the locked car the time Frank arrives and realizes -
185) 1) dialog: Doc's got the keys.   Let's go back.
185) 3) dialog: I'm not leaving you on the street.
187) 0) text: Frank sees the car again, coming around the corner, walks briskly back to where Ana waits. The car is almost upon them as he grabs her by the wrist and pulls her hard alon the sidewalk. The car guns its engine -
187) 6) dialog: What the fuck was that?
188) 0) text: Heavy security in the hallways: Frank's own men and some cops he's got on the payroll. Ana steps from the elevator and hurries past, early edition New York paper in hand.
189) 0) text: The brothers watch as a private doctor attends Frank's wounds. He seems all right fine except for the fact that someone had the fucking nerve to take a shot at him - and Charlie he sees in the newspaper - gunned down, dead, lur Weegee-like photo of him on the front page.
189) 2) dialog: Who didn't like Charlie?   Everybody liked Charlie ...
189) 8) dialog: Go home.   Go see your kids.
189) 10) dialog: What are you doing?     Where've you been?
189) 12) dialog: What money?
189) 14) dialog: In your car?
189) 16) dialog: Where's the car?
189) 18) dialog: With ten million dollars in it?
189) 20) dialog: Are you crazy? Take it back to Teaneck. What are you doing driving around without security? Doc'll take you back.
189) 22) dialog: To go where?    No, we're not.
189) 29) dialog: Shhh.   Come on, now.   Shhh.
189) 31) dialog: Where are we going to go? Spain? China? Which fuckin place is it going to be?
189) 33) dialog: We can run and hide is what you're saying.
189) 35) dialog: This is where I'm from. This is where my family is. My business. My mother. This is my place. This is my country. This is America.
192) 8) text: Jimmy Racine comes in - sees Trupo - and leaves - but not before Trupo has seen him. And now he sees the Lucas Tabl of Organization he didn't notice when he came in. Gets up and walks over to it now and takes a closer look. Sees Frank's picture at the top, like Enemy Number 1.
193) 0) text: A large TV shows chaotic scenes in Saigon. The US is pulling out of Vietnam. Tosca has come to see how Frank i recovering, and finds him, agitated, too long in bed even though it's only been a day, changing into a nice shirt, putting on his shoes -
193) 1) dialog: "I can guarantee you peace of mind," you said. Do I look like a man with peace of mind to you? They shot at my wife. Who does that?
193) 7) dialog: Who was it, which one of your people? I'll take that gun away and shove it up their ass.
193) 9) dialog: Then maybe I'll kill them all just to make a fuckin point.
195) 0) text: Frank on a pay phone in a comfortable alcove with a stack of quarters. Other guests are gathered around a TV in the lounge that shows images of helicopters plucking diplomat off the roof of the American Embassy in Saigon.
195) 1) dialog: I'm watching the news.     Where the hell's everyone going?
195) 7) dialog: Just like that? We're going to leave the fuckin country to the communists?
195) 9) dialog: I haven't!
196) 0) text: Frank and Nate and their "army" of black servicemen and T thugs wind through the jungle with pack mules.
197) 0) text: The same farm and hut as before. Frank and the Chinese General sip tea. The four million dollars in cash Frank brought sits on the table.
197) 2) dialog: I'll figure something out.      You'll see me again.
197) 3) text: The General seems fond of Frank, and not only because of the money on the table.
197) 5) dialog: That's what my wife thinks.
197) 7) text: Frank doesn't say.
199) 0) text: The mule train approaches the jungle that surrounds the opium farm. Nate's Thai thugs, left behind in sniper positions in the trees, stand ready to open fire if they have to as Frank, Nate, the soldiers and mules pass below
200) 0) text: They seem to have made it, winding back down through the jungle with the mules. Suddenly a barrage of gunfire erup from the trees - a couple of Nate's men are hit as the re dive for cover, shouting "Vietcong," and returning the fi Frank drops down from his mule, gets a pistol out and sho into the trees. Bullet-severed palm fronds rain down.
200) 1) dialog: Give them half! Nate, pinned down by the mules, can't hear him over the noise.
200) 2) dialog: Cut half of them loose!      The mules! Nate cuts the mule-train tether in the middle, slaps at t animals. As the freed mules disappear into a wall of tree the shooting subsides, then stops altogether. Smoke from all the gunfire rises like mist around the half dozen Tha and Americans lying dead on the ground.
202) 0) text: A Thai singer attempts Otis Redding on the little stage. Frank, at a table here, with a drink and a phone.
202) 1) dialog: Newark.     Short Term Parking Lot 3.
202) 7) dialog: Tomorrow will be fine.
209) 0) text: The kitchen. Frank's mother shows Ana some old photograph of Frank as a boy as they sip coffee. There's a tap on th glass French door. The women look up and see Trupo just outside it, and other police moving past. He waves.
213) 0) text: Downstairs - Ana and Frank's mother, guarded, can hear Trupo and his detectives, upstairs, ransacking a bedroom. Upstairs - the SIU detectives pull open drawers, throw clothes from the closets.   Trupo picks up an invitation a United Nations ball, tosses it down again. Finds a safe deposit box key in a sock drawer, puts it in his pocket.
226) 0) text: The dead dog slides against the fencing as Trupo overturn the kennel to reveal Frank's stash of cash.
228) 0) text: Frank slaps a cartridge into the butt of a pistol.
228) 1) dialog: Ten million dollars means nothing to me.
228) 6) dialog: This - is his death warrant.
229) 2) text: Frank glances to where his mother sits in the living room Nods to Doc to say, Get the car, I'll be out in a minute. Goes over to his mother.
229) 6) dialog: Is that where I'm going?
229) 14) text: Frank has some trouble looking at her. But then gets up. Walks toward the front door to leave. Hesitates near it a long moment. Then turns and walks upstairs. Trupo will live, at least for now, because of her.
234) 0) text: A minister on the steps welcomes the congregation which includes Frank, his mother, and Ana -
236) 0) text: The sea of ladies' hats from above move in time with the gospel choir. As always, no matter what else is going on his complicated life, Frank sits with his mother and Ana their usual pew. The gospel music continues over:
237) 0) text: Frank emerges from the church, kisses his mother and Ana put them in a car with a driver. He climbs into Doc's alone. His mother watches, wondering perhaps if he intend to go kill Trupo after all. As Doc's car leaves, so does another.
240) 0) text: Doc waits in the car while Frank buys some flowers at a cemetery flower stand. The surveillance car cruises past.
243) 0) text: Pharmaceutical scales balance to their counterweights as the five naked, masked women cut the heroin with quinine Frank's exacting standards. Red Top puts on some coffee.
245) 0) text: Frank's car winds up the road of the cemetery. The surveillance car comes through the main gate and parks.
247) 0) text: Frank walks past graves to Bumpy's. Replaces some dried flowers with fresh ones. Looks around for something to si on. Sees some wooden folding chairs around a fresher grav nearby. Doc waits by the car in the distance.
255) 0) text: Frank, on a wooden folding chair at Bumpy's grave, hears the gunning of engines and barking of cops. He turns to s Doc being handcuffed on the ground by the Towncar. Glance to a lone figure walking toward him over a rise. Richie. Richie arrives at the grave. Regards the monument to Ellsworth Johnson, and Frank sitting calmly regarding him Richie glances around the peaceful surroundings ...
255) 2) dialog: You think you got Frank Lucas.      You got nothing.
259) 0) text: Wire mesh separates Frank from his battalion of lawyers. He glances over them to Richie being led through the larg Visiting Room.
259) 1) dialog: Here he is, let me talk to him alone.
259) 6) dialog: I just heard something. I said it couldn't be true. You didn't really turn in a million dollars you found in the trunk of a car, did you?
259) 7) text: Richie doesn't say. Frank searches his face for some clue to where on earth he's from.
259) 8) dialog: Want me to tell you what happened to it? It ended up in cops' pockets.
259) 10) dialog: Maybe? No. It did. All you did was give it to them for nothing in return. Not nothing: You got their contempt.
259) 11) text: Frank studies him.
259) 12) dialog: Why'd you do that? What're you trying to prove, you're better than them? You're not better than them. You are them.
259) 14) dialog: You did it because it was right. That's all. Why's that hard to say? The question is would you do it again? That was a long time ago. It'd be very easy to find out. Tell me you want to find out, tell me the address, and a car will be there, the trunk loaded.
259) 15) text: Richie knows Frank isn't kidding ...
259) 17) text: Frank suddenly explodes -
259) 22) dialog: Who the fuck are you to say no to that? You think that impresses me?
259) 24) dialog: Let me ask you something. You think by putting me in jail, you're going to stop even one junkie from dying? Because you won't. If it isn't me, it'll be someone else. With me or without me, nothing's going to change.
259) 26) dialog: You have any sort of case? Or just that idiot drives for my brother. Is he your case? Because if it's just him and the powder, it's not enough.
259) 28) text: But Frank is worried, most of all by this cop who doesn't take money sitting placidly in front of him.
259) 29) dialog: My brothers won't talk to you. My cousins. None of my family. No one but that mother fucking driver.
259) 31) dialog: Bullshit.
259) 33) dialog: Who the fuck are they? I don't know them and they don't know me.
259) 39) dialog: This is who you're going to put on the stand? Guys who don't know me? Who got nothing to do with me?
259) 41) dialog: I don't represent nothing.
259) 43) dialog: Look at me. You looking? Can you tell by looking it would mean nothing to me if tomorrow you turned up dead?
259) 45) text: Frank has never been so frustrated by anyone in his life. He wants to work something out with Richie obviously, but can't figure out how. Frank studies him.
259) 46) dialog: What can we do?
259) 48) text: Frank does, but doesn't like it, and doesn't know if he c do it.
259) 49) dialog: I could give you cops, but that's not who you want, is it. You want organized crime names.
259) 55) dialog: You'll take them, too? You'd go after cops? Are you serious? You'd do that? Lock up your own kind?
259) 58) dialog: What can you promise me?
259) 60) text: Frank is silent for several moments.      Finally -
259) 61) dialog: You know, I don't care if the feds take all my buildings, my stocks, my off-shore accounts. They can take it all, I don't care - use it to build battleships, paint bridges, whatever the fuck they want. Fight another war. But those other motherfuckers - the cops - put my money in their pockets. Millions.
259) 63) text: Frank debates with himself the step he's about to take ..
259) 69) dialog: Oh, I remember them all.   That's not the problem.
259) 71) dialog: The jail's aren't big enough.
262) 0) text: Frank puts up photographs of detectives - 347   QUICK CUTS of the same detectives, in handcuffs, le police stations past other cops watching with dread like maybe they're next - A surveillance photograph of the four Princes of the City striding down a sidewalk goes up on the cell wall - 348   FLASHCUT as three of the four SIU cops are led away from a golf course - 349   A surveillance photograph of Trupo in a black hand
262) 1) dialog: You go up here. Your "special."
262) 2) text: As Frank tapes the picture of Trupo at the top of the pyramid of corruption -
263) 0) text: Frank gathers his few personal belongings and puts them i a box. Stands with the box and waits for the cell door to open. The Table of Organization and files are gone. Legend:   Frank Lucas was convicted of Conspiracy to Distribute Narcotics and sentenced to 70 years. He served 15 of them. Legend:   Federal authorities confiscated over 250 millio dollars from him in real estate, equities and cash in US and foreign banks.
264) 0) text: Richie, too, is packing, putting personal items into boxe Legend:   The day after he convicted Frank Lucas and 30 o his Country Boy relatives, Richard Roberts borrowed $400 from his credit union to help pay for a 3-day vacation to the Bahamas. Richie, carrying the box, switches off the lights and clo the door behind him on his way out. Legend:   Six months later, he quit the Prosecutors Offic to become a defense attorney. His first client was Frank Lucas.
265) 0) text: Frank steps out into sunlight, free but owning nothing bu the cardboard box in his arms. Looks out across the parki lot to see if anyone has come to pick him up. Sees Richie by his car, hand raised above his head like a flag.
266) 0) text: The two of them stand outside Richie's car on the same corner Frank shot Tango. Frank looks up at the street sig that used to say 116th Street and 8th Avenue. Now they sa 116th Street and Frederick Douglass Boulevard.
266) 1) dialog: Frederick Douglass Boulevard? What was wrong with just plain 8th Avenue? He considers the street itself. It too has changed. The corner groceries, as Bumpy prophesied, really are gone no
266) 6) dialog: I used to sit here with Ana in my old car. She hated it. Now I don't even have a car. Or her.
266) 7) text: Frank glances to where his favorite diner used to be, and across the street to where he shot Tango. It isn't a frui stand any more.
266) 8) dialog: Just do what?
266) 10) dialog: The fuck is that? Just do what?
266) 13) dialog: Who the fuck would buy those?
266) 14) text: A car equipped with sub-woofer bass comes booming past. Frank stares at it with the same pained look Bumpy had at the discount emporium.
266) 16) dialog: I haven't talked to them in years. It's better that way. For them. I don't know where they are. Went back to Greensboro when they got out, I guess.
266) 17) text: Richie nods.    Frank looks back at the new storefronts.
266) 18) dialog: What am I going to do now, be a janitor? What do I know how to do? How am I going to live?
266) 20) dialog: You told me but you can barely take care of yourself.
266) 26) dialog: (glances to a pay phone on the corner) You know, one phone call, Richie, I could be back in business.
266) 27) text: The look Richie gives him calmly assures Frank if he did that it'd be the last phone he made outside prison - ever
266) 28) dialog: I won't.   I'm just saying I could.
266) 30) dialog: Thanks for the clothes.
266) 32) text: Frank glances away to three young hoods coming toward the like they own the sidewalk and everything around it - bag pants, bandanas tied around their heads.
266) 33) dialog: Uh-oh. Look out. Here come the gangsters.
266) 34) text: Frank's right in their path but doesn't move, forcing one of them to squeeze between him and a parking meter. The gangsta looks back, is about to say something, or do something, but, examining the expression of quiet menace Frank's face, thinks better of it. The others stop.
266) 36) text: The first one is still staring at Frank, but finally has good sense to let it go.
266) 38) text: They move on.    Frank glances to Richie.
266) 39) dialog: Every idiot gets to be young once.
266) 40) text: Frank zips up his Members Only jacket, props up the colla and points himself in the other direction.
266) 41) dialog: Let's get out of here.