41) 1) dialog: Frank - ?
41) 2) text: Frank half-lifts his glass to wave, and Nate beams.
42) 0) text: Frank has guests at his table now: his cousin Nate the Sergeant, and two young Asian wise guys. They talk about him in Thai (subtitled):
42) 2) dialog: He said "a lot." What that means, I don't know. Four or five keys?
42) 8) dialog: My cousin-in-law.    My ex-wife's cousin.
42) 10) dialog: How much you gonna want, Frank?
42) 12) text: Nate blinks like there's something in his eye ...
43) 0) text: Steam and neon.    Frank and Nate at a crowded stand.
43) 1) dialog: No one I know can get that much. It'd have to be pieced together from several suppliers and none of it's gonna be 100- percent pure.
43) 3) dialog: I know that. But that means dealing with the Chiu-Chou syndicates in Cholon or Saigon - if they'll deal with you -
43) 5) text: Nate stares at him ... then laughs.       Frank doesn't.
43) 6) dialog: You're gonna go get it.
43) 8) dialog: You're gonna go into the fuckin jungle -
43) 14) dialog: No. This is the jungle. Tigers. Vietcong. The fuckin snakes alone will kill you.
45) 0) text: A motley bunch of Thai thugs and black American soldiers with automatic weapons ride mules through the dense jungl with Nate and Frank, who - armed with a pistol, a rifle a ammo bandolier like Pancho Villa - is enjoying himself. From his POV, the jungle canopy suddenly opens up on a po field the size of Manhattan. Frank stares down at it.
46) 0) text: On the ground now with their small private army, Nate spe with one of the Thais, then translates for Frank.
46) 1) dialog: He says this whole area's controlled by the Kuomintang - Chiang Kai-Shek's defeated army.
46) 2) text: Some of whom they can see down below on the opium farm - Chinese soldiers with outdated weapons. Frank tips his he to Nate at some other figures below -
46) 4) text: A handful of better-armed American sentries at the perime of the farm. CIA. Frank, Nate and the others hang back as one of the Thais steps ahead to speak to the guerillas.
49) 0) text: Torrential monsoon rains. Dripping camouflage. Nate and Frank climb down from the Huey. Frank no longer wears the bandolier. Now a press card dangles from his neck.
49) 3) dialog: Bangkok. I can bring it here or anywhere in between.
49) 5) dialog: It's bigger than an Amana refrigerator- freezer.
49) 7) dialog: Fifty grand. In advance. That'll cover them, the pilots and the guys on the other end.
49) 13) dialog: Fifty, to cover them all.
49) 15) text: He holds out a business envelope fat with money. Nate hesitates, knowing Frank has just said he'll kill him if things don't go right, then takes it.
49) 16) dialog: I'll let you know when it's in the air.
89) 0) text: Where Nate sits with the same Thai bank president as befo who converts the transfer to cash.
90) 0) text: Nate slides cash across a table to a couple of Chinese gangsters.
91) 0) text: A tent: Nate hands more cash - the military brass's cut - to the 2-star general from before. An airstrip: Slicing propellers. Wounded soldiers on stretchers, helped onto a transport plane. Nearby, four large crates - Japanese TVs - under cargo netting. The pilot stuffs more cash in a pouch and salutes Nate.
119) 0) text: Another TV here: Howard Cosell, ringside at the Garden as the first early fans arrive, pointing out that the fight, because of the political stand Ali's taken, is less about boxers than war versus anti-war. Frank chooses a linen jacket from his extensive color- coordinated racks of Phil Cromfeld suits as Ana, in her lingerie, puts on make-up at a vanity. He comes up behind her and sets down a small jewelry box.
172) 2) text: Teddy doesn't like it, but nods. Suddenly his face is illuminated by light reflecting in the rear view mirror, unmarked police car behind them, flashing its brights.
194) 0) text: A call has interrupted Nate's massage (and later activiti with a bevy of Thai girls. He wraps himself in a robe, takes the phone.
194) 1) dialog: Hello?
195) 2) dialog: Home.    The war's over.
195) 8) dialog: We been here since 1961, Frank.
196) 0) text: Frank and Nate and their "army" of black servicemen and T thugs wind through the jungle with pack mules.
199) 0) text: The mule train approaches the jungle that surrounds the opium farm. Nate's Thai thugs, left behind in sniper positions in the trees, stand ready to open fire if they have to as Frank, Nate, the soldiers and mules pass below
200) 0) text: They seem to have made it, winding back down through the jungle with the mules. Suddenly a barrage of gunfire erup from the trees - a couple of Nate's men are hit as the re dive for cover, shouting "Vietcong," and returning the fi Frank drops down from his mule, gets a pistol out and sho into the trees. Bullet-severed palm fronds rain down.