3) 5) dialog: - whose passing has brought together a who's who of mourners on this chilly afternoon. The Governor has come down. The mayor of New York - its Chief of Police and Commissioner - sports and entertainment luminaries - A white Bentley pulls up, disgorging Jackie Fox - the original Superfly - and his entourage. With his trademark tinted Gucci glasses on, he happily poses for anyone with camera - including the Feds - before going inside.
4) 1) dialog: He was a Great Man, according to the eulogies. A giving man. A man of the people. No one chose to include in their remembrances the word most often associated with Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson: Gangster. Sitting off by himself in Bumpy's elegant garden apartmen heretofore his private sanctuary, Frank surveys the mourn circling the place like vultures: Tango Black, a huge brute, scavenging the catered food an tended bar ... Jackie Fox, surrounded by his ever-present coterie of sycophants ... Albert Tosca, an elegant Italia capo, and an underling, Rossi, at the bar.
65) 15) dialog: Since 1965, law enforcement has watched its steady increase and with it a rise in violent crime. Now unaccountably, it has exploded, reaching into cities as a whole - our suburbs and towns - our schools.
66) 5) dialog: Someone is finally saying: enough. Federal authorities have announced their intention to establish special narcotics bureaus in Washington, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston, Newark and other major cities -
122) 12) text: The odd thing to Richie is, Chinchilla's seat is better than all the Italians'. Detective Trupo notices this, too Richie focuses on the Chincilla's date, a stunning girl, beauty queen, then shifts back to her boyfriend who's now shaking the proffered hands of other Italians, then Don King. Joe Louis himself - who barely acknowledged Richie' existence - comes over and playfully exchanges "punches" with the man in the chinchilla coat. A sudden roar from the crowd as the lights go out except for the spot on the ring. Ali and Frazier are coming down the steps through the crush of fans and reporters, preced by soldiers carrying flags -