4) 12) dialog: Hey, Frank, get me an ashtray while you're at it. Bumpy's German shepherd watches as Frank reaches into his jacket, revealing a gun nestled in its shoulder holster. takes out a handkerchief, wipes the condensation dry, ope a drawer and removes an ashtray. He holds it out to Tango who isn't sure it's not a dare and decides to wander off.
27) 0) text: Tango and his bodyguard come in and approach Frank's tabl where he reads the morning paper as he eats breakfast. TANGO
27) 1) text: Didn't you see the jar, Frank? I think you walked right past it. Frank ignores him, forks at his eggs, eats.    Tango sits TANGO
27) 2) text: The money jar. On the corner.      What I got to do, put a sign on it? Frank indicates that he would answer if his mouth wasn't full. He swallows finally, but then only reaches for his coffee cup to take a sip, further irritating Tango.
27) 7) dialog: Bumpy don't own 116th Street no more, Frank. Bumpy don't own no real estate in Harlem no more. I'm the landlord now and the lease is twenty-percent.
27) 8) text: Frank dabs at his mouth with a napkin and gives Tango a l that says that won't be happening.
27) 9) dialog: Then don't sell dope, Frank. Get a fuckin job. You need a job? You can be my driver, drive me around, open my door, yes, sir, no sir, where to, sir, right away, Massa Johnson, sir.
27) 10) text: Right now Tango is dead. No doubt about it.          On t surface, though, Frank remains cool.
27) 12) dialog: Of every dollar. Every VIG, every truckload, every girl, every ounce.      In the jar.
27) 14) dialog: Bumpy's fuckin dead.
27) 15) text: Frank regards Tango a moment, gets up, takes out his mone clip, covers the check on the table with a five, peels of $1 bill from the clip, tosses it down in front of Tango.
27) 17) text: As he turns and leaves, Tango watches after him ...
29) 0) text: A pencil clutched by long fingers scribbles figures. But no matter how many times Frank does the arithmetic, there not much left, he calculates, after he pays the Italian suppliers and, if he were to, Tango.
63) 0) text: Tango strolls down the street like he's the Godfather of Harlem, girl on his arm, bodyguard at his side.
64) 0) text: As his brothers eat lunch, Frank - who can see Tango outs - uncaps a glass sugar container.
64) 14) dialog: The fuck you want, Frank -
64) 15) text: Before the last word is out of Tango's mouth, Frank's got gun pressed against his forehead. Silence. Everyone backs away - the bodyguard, too. Tango's girl pulls her arm fro his and takes off. Eventually -
64) 16) dialog: What're you going to do, boy? Shoot me in broad daylight? In front of everyone?
64) 17) text: It's as if life on the street has stopped. No one moves; everyone is looking at Frank; maybe that's what he wants. As Tango laughs at the thought -
64) 19) text: Frank pulls the trigger and the big man falls back like someone hit with a board. Frank stands over him and empti the gun in his chest, the shots echoing down the street. Then it's quiet again. Everyone's still looking him, but Frank doesn't run. Instead, he calmly reaches into Tango' suit pocket, takes out a money clip thick with cash, drop it in the "jar" and sets it next to the body.
65) 0) text: A cadaver drawer slides open revealing - not Tango - but Rivera, staring up lifeless, his arms, stomach, legs and toes dotted with the scabs of a longtime addict.
266) 0) text: The two of them stand outside Richie's car on the same corner Frank shot Tango. Frank looks up at the street sig that used to say 116th Street and 8th Avenue. Now they sa 116th Street and Frederick Douglass Boulevard.
266) 7) text: Frank glances to where his favorite diner used to be, and across the street to where he shot Tango. It isn't a frui stand any more.