0) 0) text: Tables, chairs made of nude fibreglass figures. Hypnotic atmosphere. Alex, Pete, Georgie and Dim, teenagers stoned on their mi thier feet resting on faces, crotches, lips of the sculpt furniture.
0) 1) dialog: There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie and Dim and we sat in the Korova milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova Milk Bar sold milkplus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra- violence. Our pockets were full of money so there was no need on that score, but, as they say, money isn't everything.
1) 3) dialog: One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
1) 4) text: Can you... can you spare some cutter, me brothers? Alex rams his stick into the Tramp's stomach. The boys la
1) 6) dialog: Oh - and what's so stinking about it?
2) 1) dialog: It was around by the derelict casino that we came across Billyboy and his four droogs. They were getting ready to perform a little of the old in-out, in-out ona weepy young devotchka they had there. Alex and gang step out of the shadows.
2) 2) dialog: Ho, Ho, Ho... Well, if it isn't stinking Billygoat Billyboy in poison. How are thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip 0il? Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou. Billyboy snaps open a switchblade knife.
2) 4) dialog: The Police... come on, let's go... come on. Alex and the boys rush out of casino.
3) 1) dialog: The Durango-95 purred away real horrorshow - a nice, warm vibraty feeling all through your guttiwuts. Soon it was trees and dark, my brothers, with real country dark. We fillied around for a while with other travelers of the night, playing hogs of the road. Then we headed west, what we were after now was the old surprise visit, that was a real kick and good for laughs and lashing of the ultra-violent.
4) 0) text: A cottage on its own, on outskirts of a village. Bright moonlight. Cheery light inside. Car pulls to stop. Alex shushes his giggling boys and gets out of the car.
5) 0) text: Mr. Alexander typing. Bell rings.
5) 4) dialog: Excuse me, Mrs... will you please help, there's been a terrible accident. She opens the door on the chain and peeps out.
5) 7) dialog: But Mrs... it's a matter of life and death. From inside the sound of clack clacky clack clack clackit clackclack of Alexander typing stops.
5) 12) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Mrs. Alexander opens door, saying...
6) 0) text: They go roaring in. Mr. Alexander is kicked in the face and goes down. Georgi on him. Pete jumps up and down and the settee. Dim grabs Mrs. Alexander. Alex whistles piercingly.
6) 1) dialog: Right, Pete. Check the rest of the house. Alex turns to Dim who holds the struggling Mrs. Alexander
6) 2) dialog: Dim... Dim sets her down but holds her firmly. Alex starts to s "Singin' in the Rain", accompanying it with a kind of tap
6) 3) dialog: (singing) I'm singing in the rain... He kicks Mr. Alexander accenting the lyrics.
6) 4) dialog: (singing) Just singing in the rain... He clubs Mr. Alexander with stick, in the time to the mus
6) 5) dialog: (singing) What a glorious feeling, I'm happy again. He pushes a rubber ball into Mrs. Alexander's mouth and b with sellotape.
6) 6) dialog: (singing) I'm laughing at clouds so dark up above. The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love. Let the stormy clouds chase... He kicks Mr. Alexander again.
6) 7) dialog: (singing) . everyone from the place. Come on with the rain... He puts ball in Mr. Alexander's mouth and sellotapes it.
6) 8) dialog: (singing) ... I've a smile on my face. I'1l walk down the lane... to a happy refrain. I'm singing... just singin' in the rain. He knocks down the book cases and moves to Mrs. Alexander held by Dim. Starts to repeat on song as he cuts slowly u leg of her cat suit, until she is naked. This coincidence the song finishing. He turns to Mr. Alexander.
6) 9) dialog: Viddy well, my little Brother. Viddy well.
6) 11) dialog: We were all feeling a bit shagged and fagged and fashed, it having been an evening of some small energy expenditure, O my brothers, so we got rid of the auto and stopped off at the Korova for a nightcap. Dim moves over to milk machine and speaks to the statue o nude girl.
6) 15) dialog: There was some sophistos from the TV studios around the corner, laughing an govoreeting. The Devotchka was smecking away, and not caring about the wicked world one bit. Then the disc on the stereo twanged off and out, and in the short silence before the next one came on, she suddenly came with a burst of singing, and it was like for a moment, O my brothers, some great bird had flown into the milkbar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise, and the shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was a bit from the glorious 9th, by Ludwig van. Dim makes a lip-trump followed by a dog howl, followed by fingers pronging twice in the air, followed by a clowny g Alex brings his stick down smartly on Dim's legs.
6) 19) dialog: Watch that... Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
6) 21) dialog: A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim weakens.
7) 0) text: Alex passes a mural in the hall. Nude men and women. Thei stylized bodies embellished and decorated by handy pencil ballpoint. The elevator door is buckled.
8) 0) text: Alex pees in toilet. Alex goes into his room. Tosses his loot into a drawer, f money, wristwatches, cameras, etc. Fifty small loudspeakers cover one wall. He puts his pet boa constrictor on tree branch mounted on wall, above four Christ figures who have their arms inter like a chorus line. He puts a cassette into the tape player. A heavy shockwave of sound - Beethoven's 9th.
8) 2) dialog: Then, brothers, it came. O bliss, bliss and heaven, oh it was gorgeousness and georgeosity made flesh. The trombones crunched redgold under my bed, and behind my gulliver the trumpets three-wise, silver-flamed and there by the door the timps rolling through my guts and out again, crunched like candy thunder. It was like a bird of rarest spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a space ship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures. There were veeks and ptitsas laying on the ground screaming for mercy and I was smecking all over my rot and grinding my boot into their tortured litsos and there were naked devotchkas ripped and creeching against walls and I plunging like a shlaga into them.
9) 1) dialog: What d'you want?
9) 3) dialog: Bit of pain in the gulliver, Mum. Leave us be and I'll try to sleep it off... then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
9) 5) dialog: I've got to rest, Mum... got to get fit, otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
11) 0) text: Alex comes out of his room and finds P.R. Deltoid sitting in parent's room.
11) 1) dialog: Hi, hi, hi there, Mr. Deltoid, funny surprise to see you here.
11) 3) dialog: A rather intolerable pain in the head, brother, sir. I think it should be clear by this afterlunch.
11) 7) dialog: To what do I owe this extreme pleasure, sir? Anything wrong, sir? Deltoid "playfully" grabs Alex's hair.
11) 9) dialog: Just a manner of speech, sir.
11) 13) dialog: I've been doing nothing I shouldn't, sir. The millicents have nothing on me, brother, sir, I mean. Deltiod pulls Alex down on the bed.
11) 14) text: Cut out all this clever talk about milicents. Just because the Police haven't picked you up lately doesn't, as you very well know, mean that you've not been up to some nastiness. There was a bit of a nastiness last night, yes. Some very extreme nastiness, yes. A few of a certain Billyboy's friends were ambluenced off late last night, yes. Your name was mentioned, the word's got thru to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. Oh, nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual, but I'm warning you, little Alex, being a good friend to you as always, the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself. Deltoid makes a grab for Alex's joint but finds his hand Alex laughs. Derisively and rises. Deltoid distractedly r for a glass of water on the night table, and fails to not of false teeth soaking in them. He drinks from the glass. clink of the teeth sounding like ice-cubes.
11) 16) dialog: Nobody's got anything on me, brother, sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
11) 18) dialog: As an unmuddied lake, sir. Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, sir. Deltoid drinks again but this time sees the teeth in the groans and retches.
12) 0) text: Alex enters. Two pretty micro-boppers, Marty and Sonietta phallic ice sticks. Clerk exits. He steps in through.
12) 1) dialog: Pardon me, brother. I ordered this two weeks ago. Could you see if it's arrived.
12) 3) dialog: Pardon me, ladies between them and goes through the motions, looking
12) 4) dialog: Enjoying it then, my darling?... A bit cold and pointless isn't it, my lovely... What's happened to yours, my little sister? Marty giggles.
13) 2) dialog: What you got back home, little sister, to play your fuzzy warbles on? I bet you got little save pitiful portable picnic players. Come with Uncle and hear all proper. Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.
14) 2) dialog: Hi, hi, hi, there
14) 5) dialog: Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
14) 7) dialog: Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the guliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
14) 9) dialog: Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader, I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
14) 11) dialog: New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back, and no error. Let me hear more.
14) 18) dialog: And what will you do with the big, big, money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car, you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly, you take it.
14) 20) dialog: Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much, my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie Boy.
15) 1) dialog: As we walked along the flatblock marina, I was calm on the outside but thinking all the time, so now it was to be Georgie the General, saying what we should do and what not to do, and Dim as his mindless, grinning bulldog. But, suddenly, I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones use like inspiration and what Bog sends, for now it was lovely music that came to my aid and I viddied at once what to do. There was a window open with the stereo on.
15) 2) text: Alex clubs Georgie into water with his stick. Dim swings Alex ducks. Dim goes into water. Alex kneels, hands behind back, takes knife from sword st offers hand to help Dim, and slashes Dim when he gets it. Dim falls back into the water. Alex laughs.
16) 1) dialog: I had not put into any of Dim's main cables and so, with the help of a clean tashtook, the red, red kroovy stopped, and it did not take long to quieten the two wounded soldiers, down in the snug in the Duke of New York. Now they knew who was Master and Leader. Sheep, thought I, but a real leader knows always when like to give and show generous to his unders.
16) 2) dialog: Well, now we're back to where we were. Yes? Just like before and all forgotten? Right, right, right.
16) 4) dialog: Well, Georgie Boy. This idea you've got for tonight. Well, tell us all about it then.
16) 6) dialog: Come, come, come, Georgie Boy. You're a big strong chelloveck like us all. We're not little children, are we, Georgie Boy? What, then, didst thou in thy mind have? Confrontation. Georgie backs down.
18) 2) dialog: Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
18) 4) dialog: But, missus, this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
18) 6) dialog: Very well, madam. I suppose you can't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about. Alex walks away from door, then ducks into the bushes whe others are hiding. They put on their maskies and follow A to the rear of the house.
18) 7) dialog: Dim, bend down. (Alex points to an upstairs window) I'm gonna get in that window and open the front door. He climbs up drain-pipe to the bathroom window.
19) 2) dialog: Hi, hi, hi there, at last we meet.
19) 4) dialog: Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
19) 6) dialog: Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
20) 0) text: Alex rushes out. Dim and the others are waiting.
20) 1) dialog: Come on. Let's go, the police are coming.
20) 3) dialog: (screaming) You bastards... bastards.
21) 1) text: Right. Right , Tom, we'll have to our little friend, Alex, here that we know the law, too, but that knowing the law isn't everything. He nods to Fatneck.
21) 3) dialog: Ow... what's that for, you bastard?
21) 13) text: Thank you very much They move into Interrogation Room. Alex is on the floor in the corner covered with blood.
21) 18) dialog: It wasn't me, brother, sir. Speak up for me, sir, for I'm not so bad. I was led on by the treachery of others, sir.
21) 20) dialog: And where are my stinking traitorous droogs. Get them before the get away. It was all their idea, brothers. They forced me to do it. I'm innocent.
21) 22) dialog: Not true, sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing, I swear it.
21) 24) dialog: You try to frighten me, sir, admit so, sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it, brother, sir.
21) 26) text: If you'd care to give him a bash in the chops, sir. Don't mind us. We'll hold him down. He must be a great disappointment to you, sir. Deltoid spits in Alex's face.
21) 28) dialog: This is the real weepy and like tragic part of the story beginning, O my brothers and only friends. After a trial with judges and a jury, and some very hard words spoken against your friend and humble narrator, he was sentenced to 14 years in Staja No. 84F among smelly perverts and hardened prestoopnicks, the shock sending my dadda beating his bruised and kroovy rookas against unfair Bog in his Heaven, and my mom, boohoohooing in her mother's grief as her only child and son of her bosom, like letting everybody down real horrorshow.
22) 8) text: Alexander de Large.
22) 10) dialog: Alexander de Large, sir.
22) 12) dialog: Murder, sir.
22) 21) dialog: Yes, sir.
22) 23) dialog: Yes sir.
22) 24) text: Right carry on. Alex tosses a bar of chocolate on the desk.
22) 27) dialog: No, sir.
22) 31) dialog: No, sir.
22) 34) dialog: Yes, sir On remnd, sir.
22) 39) dialog: Yes, sir, Church of England, sir.
22) 41) dialog: Fair hair, sir.
22) 43) dialog: Blue eyes, yes, sir.
22) 45) dialog: No, sir.
22) 48) dialog: No, sir.
22) 51) dialog: No, sir.
22) 53) dialog: No, sir.
22) 56) dialog: No, sir.
22) 59) dialog: No, sir.
22) 62) dialog: No, sir.
22) 67) dialog: No, sir.
22) 69) dialog: No, sir.
22) 71) dialog: No, sir.
22) 73) dialog: Yes, sir.
22) 74) text: Priest in pulpit big rough state-proper type. Convict audience. Alex sits apart tending an overhead projector.
22) 87) dialog: It had not been edifying, indeed not, being in this hell hole and human zoo for two years now, being kicked and tolchocked by brutal warders, and meeting leering criminals and perverts ready to dribble all over a lucious young malchick like your story-teller.
23) 0) text: Alex reading the Bible.
23) 1) dialog: It was my rabbit to help the prison charlie with the Sunday service. He was a bolshy great burly bastard, but he was very fond of myself, me being very young, and also now very interested in the big book. Priest walks by and nods pleasantly.
24) 0) text: Christ being whipped on by Alex, dressed as a Legionary.
24) 1) dialog: Move on there. Move on.
24) 2) dialog: I read all about the scourging and the crowning with thorns and all that, and I could viddy myself helping in and even taking charge of the tolchocking and the nailing in, being dressed in the height of Roman fashion.
24) 5) dialog: If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress, thy strength shall be diminished.
24) 7) dialog: Father, I have tried, have I not?
24) 9) dialog: I've done my best, have I not?
24) 11) dialog: And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I?
24) 13) dialog: Father - may I ask you a question in private?
24) 15) dialog: No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
24) 17) dialog: These things get around, Father. Two Warders talk as it might be, and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment, Father?
24) 21) dialog: But it is being used, isn't it, Father?
24) 23) dialog: I don't care about the danger, Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
24) 25) dialog: I don't understand about the whys and wherefores, Father. I only know I want to be good.
24) 27) dialog: Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
27) 12) dialog: You're absolutely right, sir.
27) 15) dialog: I did, sir.
27) 17) dialog: The accidental killing of a person, sir.
27) 22) dialog: Thank you very much for this chance, sir.
28) 5) dialog: Alexander de Large, sir. 655321, sir. The Governor takes off his glasses.
28) 7) dialog: Sir...
28) 11) dialog: Oh yes, sir. Thank you very much, sir. I've done my best here I really have, sir. I'm very grateful to all concerned.
29) 1) dialog: The next morning I was taken to the Ludovico Medical Facility, outside the town centre, and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say goodbye to the old Staja, as you always will when you leave a place you've like gotten used to. Chief Guard briskly leads the way for Alex and escort. Th into reception hall where the Doctor stands.
30) 0) text: Alex finishing breakfast tray in bed. Room bright and cheery. Dr. Branom, a tall woman in her fifties, enters with nurs carrying a sterile tray.
30) 2) dialog: Good Morning, Missus. Lovely day, isn't it?
30) 5) dialog: Fine... fine.
30) 7) dialog: I realise all that, Missus, and I'm very grateful to all concerned.
30) 9) dialog: I hope so, Missus. a needle into the medicine vial.
30) 10) dialog: What's the hypo for then? Going to send me to sleep?
30) 12) dialog: Vitamins will it be then?
30) 14) dialog: What exactly is the treatment here going to be then?
30) 18) dialog: Well, that's good. I like to viddy the old films now and again.
31) 0) text: Auditorium setting. Alex is bound in a examination chair of a large video screen. A white-coated Technician is str Alex's head to a medical device. He then carefully attaches the eyelid locking to Alex's e
31) 1) dialog: And viddy films I would. Where I was taken to, brothers, was like no cine I'd been in before. I was bound up in a straight- jacket and my guliver was strapped to a headrest with like wires running away from it. Then they clamped like lidlocks on my eyes so I could not shut them no matter how hard I tried. It seemed a bit crazy to me, but I let them get on with what they wanted to get on with. If I was to be a free young malchick in a fortnight's time, I would put up with much in the meantime, my brothers. At the back of the auditorium are ten or fifteen solemn m Professionals in white coats watching the proceedings and occasionally taking notes. A film begins showing on the s The Technician drops eyedrops into Alex's eyes.
31) 3) dialog: So far the first film was a very good professional piece of cine, looked like it was done in Hollywood. Screams, moans, kicks, punches.
31) 5) dialog: Now all the time I was watching this, I was beginning to get very aware of like not feeling all that well, but I tried to forget this, concentrating on the next film, which jumped right away on a young devotchka, who was being given the old in- out, in-out, first by one malchick, then another, then another. This seemed real, very real, though if you thought about it properly you couldn't imagine lewdies actually agreeing to having all this done to them in a film, and if these films were made by the good, or the State, you couldn't imagine them being allowed to take these films, without like interfering with what was going on. Girl being raped.
31) 6) dialog: When it came to the sixth or seventh malchick, leering and smecking and then going into it, I began to feel really sick. But I could not shut my glazzies and even if I tried to move my glazballs about I still not get out of the line of fire of this picture. Alex squirming and retching. Dr. Brodsky clears his throat and quietly addresses his c seated in the back of the room.
31) 7) text: Very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a death-like paralysis together with deep feelings of terror and helplessness. One of our earlier test subjects described it as being like death, a sense of stifling and drowning, and it is during this period we have found the subject will make his most rewarding associations between his catastrophic experience and environment and the violence he sees. Alex retching violently and struggling against his strait
32) 1) dialog: Let me be sick... I want to get up. Get me something to be sick in... Stop the film... Please stop it... I can't stand it any more. Stop it please... please.
32) 4) dialog: You mean, I have to viddy two sessions in one day?
32) 6) dialog: But it was horrible.
32) 8) dialog: I just don't understand about feeling sick the way I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like the very opposite. I mean, doing it or watching it, I used to feel real horrorshow. I just don't understand why, how or what.
33) 0) text: Alex retching and screaming - restrained again by a strai jacket.
33) 1) dialog: It was the next day, brothers, and I had truly done my best, morning and afternoon, to play it their way and sit like a horrorshow co-operative malchick in the chair of torture, while they flashed nasty bits of ultra-violence on the screen.; though not on the soundtrack, my brothers. The only sound being music. Then I noticed in all my pain and sickness what music it was that like cracked and boomed. It was Ludwig van - 9th symphony, 4th movement.
33) 2) dialog: Stop it... stop it, please!!! I beg of you!!! It's a sin!!! It's a sin!!! It's a sin, please!!! Brodsky leans forward and turns down the sound.
33) 4) dialog: That!... Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.
33) 6) dialog: Yes!!!
33) 8) dialog: Yes!!!
33) 10) dialog: Yes!!!
33) 13) dialog: You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultra- violence and killing is wrong and terribly wrong. I've learned my lesson, sir. I see now what I've never seen before I'm cured, praise Bog!
33) 16) dialog: But, Sir... Missus... I see that it's wrong! It's wrong because it's like against like society. It's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchocked and knifed.
34) 0) text: VIP audience including Minister, Junior Minister, Prison Priest, Dr. Branom, Dr. Brodsky. Dressed in street clothes Alex enters led by a white-coat Technician. He is led onto stage and left standing there, blinking in lights. The Minister rises and walks to the front of the auditori
34) 5) dialog: Why do you say that, brother? I had a shower this morning.
34) 7) dialog: No, brother. What d'you want?
34) 11) dialog: Why did you do that, brither? I've never done wrong to you.
34) 16) dialog: I'm gonna be sick.
34) 18) dialog: I wanna be sick.
34) 20) dialog: Let me get up.
34) 23) dialog: And, O my brothers, would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny, vonny boots. The horrible killing sickness had wooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it. Minister rises.
34) 26) dialog: She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace, and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out, real savage. But quick as a shot came the sickness, like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest. Alex retching. Minister rises.
34) 29) dialog: (pullimg himself together) No, sir, I feel really great.
35) 0) text: Alex walking carrying his prison parcel wrapped in brown
36) 0) text: Ma, Pa and Joe the Lodger reading newspapers. Headlines - Alex. Alex enters quietly. Loud radio music from sitting room p anyone from hearing him. He enters his won room which is off the hall.
36) 1) dialog: Hi. Hi. Hi, there my Pee and Em. All three look up startled.
36) 2) text: Alex.
36) 3) dialog: (to his mother) Hullo love, how are you? (kisses her) Nice to see you, Dad.
36) 5) dialog: Keeping fit then?
36) 7) dialog: Well, how are you then?
36) 9) dialog: Well - I'm back.
36) 12) dialog: Sorry, Em, I wanted it to be like... a big surprise for you and pee.
36) 16) dialog: That's right, Dad they did a great job on my gulliver, I'm completely reformed. Alex Alex same Alex Alex More
36) 18) dialog: (looks in the kitchen) Well, still the same old place then, eh?
36) 20) dialog: (fake whisper) Hey, Dad, there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy-wunching lomticks of toast.
36) 22) dialog: How do you do, Joe? Find the room comfortable, do you? No complaints?
36) 32) dialog: No thanks, Mum. It'll pass in a minute... (after a pause) . What have you done with all my own personal things?
36) 34) dialog: What about Basil? Where's my snake?
36) 36) dialog: What's gonna happen to me then? I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you, my Pee and Em, to make?
36) 39) dialog: Alright. I see how things are now. I've suffered and I've suffered, and I've suffered and everybody wants me to go on suffering.
36) 41) dialog: So that's the way it is then, eh? That's the way it is. Right, I'm leaving now, you won't ever viddy me no more. I'll make my own way. Thank you very much. Let it lie heavy on your consciences. Alex exits.
37) 0) text: Alex walks along the Thames embankment still holding his parcel. Tramp enters. The same man beaten by Alex and his gang ea the film.
37) 5) dialog: Leave me alone, brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps.
37) 9) dialog: Then there was like a sea of dirty, smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator, with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing, 0 my brothers, it being better to be hit at like that, than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex, shouting.
37) 13) dialog: Oh, no.
37) 15) dialog: Impossible... I don't believe it.
38) 0) text: Police Landrover drives up. Alex is pulled out by Georgie and Dim and hustled up a de lane.
38) 2) dialog: Come, come, my little droogies. I just don't get this at all. The old days are dead and gone. For what I did in the past I've been punished.
38) 4) dialog: I've been cured.
38) 6) dialog: I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me, brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember, Dim?
39) 0) text: Alex stumbles up the road to the entrance gate.
39) 1) dialog: Where was I to go, who had no home and no money. I cried for meself, Home, Home, Home. It was Home I was wanting and it was Home I came to, brothers, not realising in the state I was in, where I was and had been before. Alex stumbles and crawls to the door.
40) 0) text: Mr. Alexander at his typewriter. Julian a 6'4" - heavyweight weight-lifter lies across an bench working with bar-bells. The door bell rings.
40) 4) dialog: (barely audible) Help. Help me... Help me... Police. Julian picks him up like a child and carries him into the room.
41) 1) dialog: And would you believe it, O my brothers and only friends, there was your faithful Narrator being held helpless, like a babe in arms, and suddenly realising where I was and why HOME on the gate had looked so familiar. But I knew I was safe. I knew he would not rememeber me for, in those carefree days, I and my so-called droogs wore our maskies which were like real horrorshow disguises.
41) 4) dialog: The police... The horrible ghastly Police. They beat me up, sir. The Police beat me up, sir. Mr. Alexander stares at him. It becomes aparent he is ins
41) 6) dialog: Yes, sir, that's exactly who I am, sir... and what I am... a victim, sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
41) 9) dialog: Thank you very much, sir. God bless you, sir. Alexander bites his hand.
42) 0) text: Alex soaks, eyes closed, in a hot tub. After a while he begins softly singing to himself: "Singi Rain".
43) 0) text: Mr. Alexander is hunched over the phone, talking in hoars whipsers. The door to the bathroom is right behind him. W speaks Mr. Alexander throws nervous glances over his shou
43) 1) text: I tell you, sir, they have turned this young man into something other than a human being. He has no power of choice any more. He's committed to socially acceptable acts, a little machine capable only of good... He can be the most potent weapon imaginable to ensure that the Government is not returned at the next election. The Government's great boast, as you know sir, is the way they have dealt with crime in the last few months. Recruiting brutal young roughs into the police, proposing debilitation and will- sapping techniques of conditioning. Oh, we've seen it all before in other countries The thin end of the wedge. Before we know where we are we shall have the full apparatus of totalitarianism. This young boy is a living witness to these diabolical proposals. The people - the common people - must know... must see! There are rare traditions of liberty to defend. The tradition of liberty means all. The common people will let it go! Oh, yes - they will sell liberty for a quieter life. That is why they must be led, sir, driven... pushed!!! Thank you very much, sir. He'll be here. Trembling with excitement and madness, Mr. Alexander hang phone. His eyes, shiny with anticipation. Then, suddenly, becomes aware of Alex's voice coming from the other side
43) 2) text: Alex in bath, singing.
43) 3) dialog: I'm singing in the rain, Just singing in the rain...
43) 5) text: Alex, alone, in complete silence. Eating a large plate of spaghetti. The giant, Julian, appears, carrying Mr. Alexa his wheelchair. He deposits him at the table.
43) 6) dialog: Good evening, sir.
43) 8) dialog: It was very kind of you to leave this out for me, sir. There was no-one around when I finished my bath, so I started. I hope that's alright, sir.
43) 10) dialog: Great, sir. Great.
43) 12) dialog: Thank you very much, sir. Cheers Suddenly the thought occurs to Alex that the wine may be or poisoned.
43) 13) dialog: Won't you join me, sir?
43) 15) dialog: (to Julian) And you, sir?
43) 17) dialog: 1960, Chateau, Saint Estephe, Medoc, very good brand, sir. He doesn't get a penny's change for his remarks from Alex Julian. He holds the glass up to the light.
43) 18) dialog: Very good colour, sir. Smells mice, too.Very good number, sir. Very good. Here's to it. He downs the glass.
43) 19) dialog: Very refreshing, sir, very refreshing.
43) 21) dialog: Thank you, sir.
43) 24) dialog: Your wife, sir? Has she gone away?
43) 26) dialog: I'm sorry to hear about that, sir. His face contorted in rage.
43) 29) dialog: Phoned some friends, sir?
43) 31) dialog: Help me, sir?
43) 36) dialog: Look, sir. I'm sorry to have troubled you. I think I ought to be going, sir. Julian bars the way.
44) 5) dialog: How do you do, sir?
44) 7) dialog: Missus. Very pleased to meet you.
44) 10) dialog: Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
44) 12) dialog: Yes, sir. I suppose you might call it that, sir.
44) 14) dialog: Much better, thank you, sir.
44) 16) dialog: Fine, sir, fine.
44) 18) dialog: Thank you very much, sir.
44) 20) dialog: What would you like to know, sir?
44) 22) dialog: Yes, sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
44) 26) dialog: And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film, of like a concentration camp, the background music was playing Beethoven.
44) 28) dialog: Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th.
44) 30) dialog: That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th, I get like this funny feeling.
44) 32) dialog: That is correct, sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
44) 34) dialog: Snuff it, sir... um... death, I mean, missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
44) 36) dialog: Um... oh no, sir, not exactly, I still feel very miserable, very much down in spirits.
44) 38) dialog: Um... well, put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward, face into the plate of spaghetti.
45) 0) text: Alexander sits looking up. Rubinstein, Julian and Dolin a listening to Beethoven played loudly on tape recorder.
46) 0) text: The 9th Symphony booming up through the floor. Alex slowly regains consciousness.
46) 1) dialog: I woke up. The pain and sickness all over me like an animal. Then I realised what it was. The music coming up from the floor was our old friend, Ludwig van and the dreaded 9th Symphony. He staggers to the door. It is locked. He kicks and tugs
46) 2) dialog: Open the door... turn it off... turn it off.
47) 0) text: Alex on his knees. His hands cupped over his ears, bangin head on the floor. Then he stops and slowly straightens up, staring at the w
48) 0) text: Alex leaps out of the window.
49) 0) text: Alex in bed. Camera slowly tracks along length of his bod Everything is bandages and plaster splints, wire cages, b drips.
49) 1) dialog: I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell hard but I did not snuff it, oh no. if I had snuffed it, I would not be here to tell what I have told. I came back to life, after a long, black, black gap of what might have been a million years. We hear Alex moan, and then another moan. Alex and the ot few times. Suddenly, some curtains which have been drawn around anot in the ward are parted, and a nurse hurries to Alex, hast buttoning up her uniform. She is trailed by a young Inter fumbling with his trousers.
50) 4) dialog: What gives, O myee P and Em, what makes you think you are welcome? Em sobs. Pee comforts her. Em sobs.
51) 0) text: Psychiatrist wheels trolley to Alex's bed. He is sitting
51) 1) dialog: Good morning, Missus.
51) 3) dialog: Fine. Fine.
51) 5) dialog: I haven't seen you before.
51) 7) dialog: Psychiatrist? Huh, do I need one?
51) 9) dialog: What are we going to do? Talk about me sex life?
51) 11) dialog: Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first.
51) 15) dialog: Oh.
51) 17) dialog: Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoo - a peacock. Alex laughs.
51) 19) dialog: I just say what the other person would say?
51) 21) dialog: Right... Knickers... Cabbages... It doesn't have a beak. Slide of woman speaking to boy.
51) 23) dialog: That's right and I'll smash your face for you, yarblockos. Slide of watch shop.
51) 25) dialog: Bollocks. You know what you can do with that watch? You can stick it up your arse. Slide of nude woman in bed, a man at the window.
51) 27) dialog: Excuse me, missus. No time for the old in- out, I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.
51) 29) dialog: Eggiwegs. I would like to smash 'em. Pick up th elot and f... owww... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
51) 30) dialog: Fucking hell...
51) 32) dialog: I hope so. Is that the end then?
51) 34) dialog: I was quite enjoying that.
51) 36) dialog: How many did I get right?
51) 38) dialog: And when do I get out of here then?
51) 40) text: Alex sitting up, being fed by Nurse.
51) 41) dialog: So I waited and, O my brothers, I got a lot better munching away at eggiwegs, and lomticks of toast and lovely steakiweaks and then, one day, they said I was going to have a very special visitor. Doctor enters followed by Minister and Matron.
51) 43) dialog: Hi, hi, hi there, my little droogies.
51) 45) dialog: Great, sir. Great.
51) 50) dialog: Yes, sir, and a very lovely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
51) 52) dialog: I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
51) 54) dialog: Thank you, sir.
51) 56) dialog: Where is he now, sir?
51) 58) dialog: What job and how much?
51) 62) dialog: Well, who can bame them, sir?
51) 64) dialog: Certainly, sir. What do they call you at home?
51) 66) dialog: As an unmuddied lake, Fred. As clear as an azurw sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, Fred.
51) 68) dialog: Surprise?
51) 70) dialog: Thank you, Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a troll
51) 74) dialog: As the music came to ist climax, I could viddy myself very clear, running and running on like very light and mysterious feet, carving the whole face of the creeching world with my cut throat britva. I was cured all right.