17) 0) text: Catlady doing yoga exercises. Room is full of cats. Doorbell rings.
17) 1) dialog: (softly to herself) Oh shit. She goes to the door.
18) 1) dialog: Who's there?
18) 3) dialog: I'm frightfully sorry. There is a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road. I suggest you use that.
18) 5) dialog: I... I'm very sorry, but I never open. I'm very sorry but I never open the door to strangers after dark.
19) 0) text: The Catlady enters and dials a number.
19) 1) dialog: Hullo, Radlett Police Station. Good evening. It's Miss Weathers at Woodmere Health Farm. Look, I'm frightfully sorry to bother you but something rather odd has just happened... Well, it's probably nothing at all, but you never know... Well, a young man rang the bell asking to use the telephone... He said there had been some kind of accident. The thing that caught my attention was what he said - the words he used, sounded exactly like what was quoted in the papers this morning in connection with the writer and his wife who were assaulted last night... Well, just a few minutes ago... Well, if you think that's necessary, but, well, I'm quite sure he's gone away now. Oh... alright. Fine. Thank you very much. Thank you. She puts phone down, turns and nearly jumps out of her le when she sees Alex in the doorway. Alex eyes a beside him.
19) 3) dialog: What the bloody hell d'you think you're doing?
19) 5) dialog: Now listen here, you little bastard, just you turn around and walk out of here the same way as you came in. giant white, fibreglass phallic sculpture on the table
19) 7) dialog: No! No! Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art. What the bloody hell do you want?
19) 9) dialog: Cut the shit, sonny, and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble. He rocks the giant phallus which has a special weight swi inside causing it to swing up and down an eccentric motio
19) 10) dialog: I told you to leave it alone. Now get out of here before I throw you out, wretched slummy bedbug. I'll teach you breaking into real people's houses. Get out! She grabs up a bust of Beethoven and rushes at Alex. He g giant phallic sculpture. Circling, Alex fends off her mad rushes with skilful jabs giant phallus. She ducks under and clobbers him with the heavy bust of B He goes down, pulling her off balance and they both wind floor. In the struggle, Alex bashes her with the phallus. Distant Police sirens. He exits.