0) 0) text: Tables, chairs made of nude fibreglass figures. Hypnotic atmosphere. Alex, Pete, Georgie and Dim, teenagers stoned on their mi thier feet resting on faces, crotches, lips of the sculpt furniture.
14) 6) dialog: We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other, so around we come to your abode.
14) 10) dialog: All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That's part of the new way.
14) 12) dialog: Well, we go round shop crasting and the like, coming out with a pitiful rookerful of money each.
14) 14) dialog: And there's Will the English in the Muscleman coffee mesto saying he can fence anything that anything that any malchick tries to crast.
14) 19) dialog: Brother, you think and talk sometimes like a little child. Tonight we pull a mansize crast.
14) 21) dialog: Oh, the old moloko-plus first, would you not say
14) 23) dialog: Something to sharpen us up, you especially. We have the start.
15) 2) text: Alex clubs Georgie into water with his stick. Dim swings Alex ducks. Dim goes into water. Alex kneels, hands behind back, takes knife from sword st offers hand to help Dim, and slashes Dim when he gets it. Dim falls back into the water. Alex laughs.
16) 5) dialog: Not tonight - not this nochy.
16) 7) dialog: It's this Health Farm. A bit out of the town. Isolated. It's owned by this like very rich ptitsa who lives there with her cats. The place is shut down for a week and she's completely on her own, and it's full up with like gold and silver and like jewels.
16) 8) text: Tell me more, Georgie Boy.
37) 16) dialog: Evidence of the old glazzies. Nothing up our sleeves. No magic, little Alex? A job for two, who are now of job age. The police.
38) 0) text: Police Landrover drives up. Alex is pulled out by Georgie and Dim and hustled up a de lane.
38) 8) dialog: Enough is remembered though, little Alex. Dim and Georgie laugh. They drag Alex to a low water through.