5) 0) text: Mr. Alexander typing. Bell rings.
5) 1) dialog: Who on earth could that be?
5) 8) dialog: Who is it, dear?
5) 10) dialog: Then you'd better let him in.
6) 0) text: They go roaring in. Mr. Alexander is kicked in the face and goes down. Georgi on him. Pete jumps up and down and the settee. Dim grabs Mrs. Alexander. Alex whistles piercingly.
40) 0) text: Mr. Alexander at his typewriter. Julian a 6'4" - heavyweight weight-lifter lies across an bench working with bar-bells. The door bell rings.
40) 1) dialog: Who on earth could that be?
41) 3) dialog: Dear, dear, dear. Whatever happened to you, my boy? Mr. Alexander, now confined to a wheelchair, pushes himse from his desk, and rolls up to Julian. The water drips of clothes. They look at each other.
41) 7) dialog: Then, by God, you have been sent here by providence. Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the Police. My heart goes out to you, poor, poor boy. Oh, you are not the first to come here in distress. The Police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you, who are also another kind of victim, should come here. But you're cold and shivering. Julian, draw a bath for this young man.
43) 0) text: Mr. Alexander is hunched over the phone, talking in hoars whipsers. The door to the bathroom is right behind him. W speaks Mr. Alexander throws nervous glances over his shou
43) 1) text: I tell you, sir, they have turned this young man into something other than a human being. He has no power of choice any more. He's committed to socially acceptable acts, a little machine capable only of good... He can be the most potent weapon imaginable to ensure that the Government is not returned at the next election. The Government's great boast, as you know sir, is the way they have dealt with crime in the last few months. Recruiting brutal young roughs into the police, proposing debilitation and will- sapping techniques of conditioning. Oh, we've seen it all before in other countries The thin end of the wedge. Before we know where we are we shall have the full apparatus of totalitarianism. This young boy is a living witness to these diabolical proposals. The people - the common people - must know... must see! There are rare traditions of liberty to defend. The tradition of liberty means all. The common people will let it go! Oh, yes - they will sell liberty for a quieter life. That is why they must be led, sir, driven... pushed!!! Thank you very much, sir. He'll be here. Trembling with excitement and madness, Mr. Alexander hang phone. His eyes, shiny with anticipation. Then, suddenly, becomes aware of Alex's voice coming from the other side
43) 4) dialog: His face horribly distorted in a Homeric rage.
43) 9) dialog: (too loud - voice out of control) Of course. Food alright?
43) 11) dialog: Try the wine!
43) 14) dialog: No, my health doesn't allow it.
43) 22) dialog: My wife... Alex freezes.
43) 23) dialog: used to do everything for me and leave me to my writing.
43) 25) dialog: No. She's dead!
43) 27) dialog: She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the 'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
43) 28) dialog: And now you, another victim of the modern age. But you can be helped. I phoned some friends while you were having a bath.
43) 30) dialog: Yes. They want to help.
43) 32) dialog: Help you.
43) 34) dialog: They're very, very important people and they're interested in you. Bell rings. Julian rises,
43) 35) dialog: Julian. This will be these people now. Alex gets up.
43) 37) dialog: No, no my boy. No trouble at all. Alex slowly sits.
43) 38) dialog: Have another glass of wine. He pours. Alex picks up glass and takes a drink.
44) 2) dialog: Good evening, sir.