1) 0) text: The first rays of sunshine break through. The voices of international TV commentators in different languages.
5) 0) text: Archive TV commentary from the world's race COMMENTATORS stations informs us of the positions. MASS leading, HUNT in 3rd, LAUDA in 20th...
39) 1) dialog: ...in the last five years alone Formula 1 has lost Piers Courage, Jo Siffert, Peter Revson, Jochen Rindt, Francois Cevert, Roger Williamson...
58) 0) text: MARLENE watches on TV in the pits as NIKI is engaged in a epic tussle with JAMES... Commentators note the improvement in JAMES's technique, maturity and performance. But then, "Puff", a plume of sm comes out of JAMES's engine. The engine has blown... Immediately JAMES loses speed, and NIKI sails past, overt effortlessly. Taking the chequered flag. Television commentary in various languages tells us: NIKI LAUDA has become world champion...
68) 2) dialog: ...welcome to the Kyalami Racetrack where the big news is..
69) 1) dialog: ...that Britain's James Hunt in his first race for Mclaren has qualified fastest, beating Niki Lauda's Ferrari to pole by two hundredths of a second. In the crowds to watch the race none other than movie stars Richard Burton and Liz Taylor... We pick out RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR waving to screa FANS.
112) 1) text: We need to vacuum the lungs. Without this, they can't heal. But it will hurt. An unimaginably painful pump is forced down his burned lu to try to hoover out the impurities.. COMMENTATORS ON TV: talk about how HUNT is catching up wi LAUDA on points. It spurs NIKI on, through gritted teeth. NIKI
119) 0) text: JAMES walks out to his car. TV CREWS. Banks of PHOTOGRAPH Commentators talk in different languages. Everyone talking about NIKI's comeback. NIKI is in his car. The MECHANICS are talking to him in Italian... But NIKI hears nothing. He looks at the steering wheel, t shell of the car, the gear stick. And then we see.. His hands are shaking violently. He's utterly terrified. The light turns green. They're off! Other cars (including JAMES's), roar forward. But NIKI is frozen.
120) 0) text: NIKI's mind is a mess - terrified - he starts slowly...fi his courage.. COMMENTATORS point out it's madness. It was clearly too s Ferrari were right to hire a replacement. NIKI is a wreck NIKI suffers terrible flashbacks from his accident... NIKI shakes himself out...gradually building up speed - ignoring the cars overtaking him all around him... NIKI begins to accelerate. Gently at first. Then a bit mo Trusting himself. Gaining confidence.. Blocking out further flashbacks...
136) 1) dialog: It's the perfect start for Hunt!
137) 3) dialog: But Lauda's car is right on his tail! Barely visible in the spray..!
138) 1) dialog: Hunt turns too tightly! He almost lost his car right there...!
143) 1) text: God! His front tyre! Look! It's completely frayed! CALDWELL and TEDDY MAYER watch in horror from the pits an TV. They can see the shaking car.. COMMENTATOR
143) 4) text: ...with just a few laps to go, McLaren are calling for Hunt to come into the pits to change tyres... JAMES's car roars past the pits, refusing to stop... COMMENTATOR