2) 0) text: The eye belongs to a 27 year old Formula 1 RACING DRIVER wearing a fireproof balaclava... Highly intelligent, he also happens to be World Champion. name is painted on the side of his Ferrari. NIKI LAUDA.
2) 1) dialog: My grandfather always said history is cruel and reductive and no matter how long we live, or how much we achieve - we are remembered for very little. So make sure it's the right things. NIKI stares up at the clouds. His eyelids flicker. Thinki Agonizing. Wrestling with an all important decision... Is it going to carry on raining? Or become dry? Should he using slicks or wets?
3) 3) dialog: This is bullshit. We have no control over our legacy. We cannot choose what we are remembered for... A Ferrari MECHANIC rushes towards NIKI, and shouts in Ita above the noise, (we see sub-titles)...
3) 5) text: NIKI looks in his wing-mirror back to see a red McLaren, helmet, number 12, several rows behind him. A team of MECHANICS hastily changing the tyres to dry tyres.
3) 6) dialog: Otherwise I wouldn't be remembered for my rivalry with this asshole. And the 1976 season. NIKI then looks over at the car in pole position beside h Another McLaren, but with number 11, and a Union Jack...
3) 7) dialog: What about Hunt? Has he changed?
3) 9) dialog: I don't know why it became such a big thing. We were just drivers. Busting each other's balls. To me this is perfectly normal. But other people saw it differently.
3) 13) text: That whatever it was between us went deeper. And changed us both somehow. Forever. NIKI stares, then... NIKI
3) 15) text: The ten-second board is held up. NIKI pulls down his visor...as he and HUNT's eyes meet fo split-second, eyes staring... NIKI selects second gear for the wet track and revs the engine. The dashboard needle climbs through 8000, 9000, 1 RPM. NIKI
3) 17) text: On August 1st, that same year... CAPTION: "AUGUST 1st, 1976". The STARTER waves the flag. NIKI's foot hits the floor - engine screams that deafening, stomach rearranging high-p scream, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd. NIKI's car is catapaulted forward violently, the wheel-sp leaving livid black scars on the asphalt.. NIKI gets away first. A good start! But within seconds th a McLaren car right behind him, breathing down his neck. His arch-rival. HUNT. But as the McLaren roars past, NIKI sees a white helmet. Number 12. It's not Hunt. It's MASS. On his bald, slick t NIKI curses under his breath. He screwed up. Made the wro decision. Should have gone on slicks. He urgently needs t change tyres... NIKI swerves angrily into the pits. Ferrari's pit is righ one end...
4) 0) text: Commentary from all the world's TV stations explaining th crazy, panicked situation as all the DRIVERS come into th pits to change to dry tyres. It's chaos. A traffic jam of Formula 1 cars... The Ferrari team frantically work. Changing NIKI's tyres. men with air guns, two men with rapid-duty jacks. The sam Italian MECHANIC appears, `plugs in' his headset to the c MECHANIC
4) 1) text: Hair visto? Ti aveto detto di usare le slicks! (See? I told you to go on slicks!!) NIKI
4) 4) dialog: C'mon...!! NIKI screams at the MECHANICS, who are struggling. The ai make a high-pitched noise...something's not right. NIKI
4) 5) text: What's GOING ON??? "Thump", new (slick) tyres hit the tarmac, engines scream NIKI exit the pits in pursuit of HUNT. But the delay has him dear...
6) 0) text: NIKI gives it everything he's got. Tearing through the ge trying to catch JAMES HUNT, breaking as late as he can, e screaming.
6) 3) dialog: No...! The oncoming car crashes head-on into our car, "Crash", a sickening, terrifying impact. The car explodes. Seventy litres of burning high-octane gasoline, with NIKI strapped inside, unable to undo his seatbelt. Locked in a blast furnace. NIKI screams as the flames engulf him. 800 degrees temperature. Trapped inside his car. Burning smoke fills his helmet, scarring his lungs... Pandemonium: commentary in different languages as panicke commentators helplessly describe what's happening.. NIKI's POV: he can just make out the barely recognizable figures of the other DRIVERS rushing towards NIKI.. Their hands get burnt in the flames as they try unsuccess to undo NIKI's seatbelt.. Fire extinguishers blast at the car. Dry powder extinguis Covering NIKI's helmet. Blurring his vision, as he cries in agony, inhaling the powder.. Screaming voices. Panicked reactions. On the side of the the painted name `Niki Lauda' blisters and melts.
10) 0) text: JAMES notices another driver (NIKI LAUDA), his car alread unloaded, (number 35) and mechanics working on it..
11) 0) text: JAMES is neck and neck with NIKI. They go into a corner. NIKI gets there first. Up ahead though, approaching the s bend...JAMES sees the tiniest, slimmest crack to overtake right-minded driver would risk it. Only a suicidal maniac Which just happens to describe JAMES perfectly.. JAMES goes for it. Daringly. Brilliantly. And forces NIKI slam on his brakes to prevent a certain crash...
13) 0) text: JAMES carries on driving. Flat out. But on the flat, NIKI suddenly comes out of nowhere. As i car has 50 bhp more. And overtakes JAMES. NIKI begins to pull away. And has th Englishman beaten.. JAMES sees red mist...and in an act of do-or-die vengeful madness, JAMES goes into a corner far too fast... ...yanks his steering wheel. And outrageously shunts NIKI car. An unforgivable act of unsportsmanlike vindictivenes NIKI and JAMES's cars both veer off...go into wild, letha spins..but luckily for JAMES he ends up facing the right way...
13) 3) dialog: Umgotteswillen...
13) 4) text: NIKI rips open his seat-belt, is about to get out of his when one car shoots straight over the nose of his car. NIKI ducks, then bravely leaps for cover, as.... "SMASH", one of the oncoming cars shunts into his car, (i would have killed him instantly). "WHAM", another car narrowly misses him... "CRASH", another car forces NIKI into an evasive dive... Cars scream past him on all sides as the race continues.. NIKI, battered, shaken, has had an unbelievably close esc He rips off his helmet, furious... And now we see NIKI LAUDA's face for the first time. Shar featured. Intelligent eyes. Dark hair. Protruding teeth. Something unmistakably rat-like about him.
14) 0) text: JAMES is on the podium, having won. He's with the NURSE, HESKETH and BUBBLES and his team, spraying them with champagne.. NIKI walks past the podium, holding his blue helmet, and shouts out, still incandescent...
14) 1) dialog: Hey...asshole! That was my line! I had that corner...
14) 6) dialog: That move was total suicide. What if I hadn't braked? We'd have crashed..!!
14) 9) dialog: Fuck you! What's your name?
14) 14) text: Laughter. NIKI gives JAMES the finger, "Screw you, asshol The NURSE watches NIKI go..
14) 17) text: NIKI continues to walk off, middle finger raised..
15) 0) text: To establish: the Austrian capital. OVER THIS: the sound NIKI's voice...
15) 1) dialog: In my home town, Vienna, my family is famous for one thing. Business. My grandfather was a businessman, my father, too...
16) 0) text: NIKI is in front of a mirror, and dresses smartly in a ja and open necked shirt, evidently a little nervous...
16) 1) dialog: So when they heard I wanted to race cars for a living, they had a few things to say...
17) 0) text: A large, forbidding dining room. NIKI's FATHER and terrif GRANDFATHER, are eating supper. GRANDFATHER shakes his he clearly disapproves and barks in German...(we see subtitl
17) 2) text: ...footballers and skiers. If you want my money, you do as I say and follow me into my business.. NIKI stares at his GRANDFATHER..
17) 3) dialog: It's in moments like this that you discover who you really are.. ...and in a move that he knows will rupture the family fo ever, NIKI gets to his feet..
17) 4) dialog: Fine. Keep your money. Don't invest in me. But when I'm World Champion, and I have the trophy, and my name is not just on the back pages, but on the front too, you will regret it. NIKI walks out, the old man's insults ringing in his ears
18) 0) text: NIKI is in a meeting with visibly concerned BANKERS and LAWYERS. They speak in German...
18) 4) dialog: I know. There is no room for failure. I understand that.
18) 5) dialog: But I was still a Lauda...
19) 0) text: NIKI is driving his car. Beside him, is the attache case his lap. His car passes under a motorway sign reading "Flughafen". (Airport)...
19) 1) dialog: ...which meant I was still a businessman above everything else.
20) 1) dialog: It just so happens that the business I deal in is speed.
21) 0) text: NIKI sits with LOUIS STANLEY in an airport cafe. Contracts are open on the table. NIKI is signing. LOUIS STANLEY is counter-signing...
21) 4) dialog: Who's the number one driver?
21) 6) text: NIKI takes out his cheque book and pen. He looks up...
21) 7) dialog: Why would I defer to him if I am paying his wages?
21) 8) text: NIKI writes the cheque. STANLEY's smile fades..
21) 10) text: NIKI ignores this, continues scrutinizing the contract...
21) 11) dialog: OK. There is one clause missing.
21) 13) dialog: And I made it perfectly clear that my mechanics work for me. No one else. This is something I cannot sign.
21) 14) text: NIKI takes back the cheque. STANLEY stares...
21) 16) dialog: While you're at it you can tell them to amend the clause for podium finishes. Podium is first THREE places, not just wins.
21) 19) dialog: You'll get the money on signature, as agreed. See you at winter testing. NIKI gets to his feet, and leaves. STANLEY watches the at case disappear.
23) 24) dialog: Niki Lauda. Here for pre-season testing. BRM?
23) 28) text: NIKI watches as she telephones the BRM workshops...
23) 30) dialog: (prompting) Lauda.
23) 32) text: She hangs up. NIKI decides against pointing out her mista
23) 34) dialog: Thank you.
23) 35) text: A silence. The RECEPTIONIST continues with her work. NIKI watches her, unsure what to say, (small-talk not his fort
23) 36) dialog: Worked here long?
23) 38) dialog: Just wondered if you've worked here long?
23) 40) dialog: That long? And they didn't promote you yet?
23) 42) text: NIKI is thrown. Feels humiliated. A total jerk. He is abo say something when the door opens, and... Two other F1 DRIVERS walk in..
24) 0) text: The car pulls up outside the workshops. NIKI gets out of car, and is greeted by LOUIS STANLEY, and the BRM team...
24) 6) dialog: Same as Regazzoni's?
24) 10) text: NIKI scrutinizes the car...
24) 11) dialog: She looks heavy. How much does she weigh?
24) 13) dialog: That's crazy. Why so heavy..?
24) 15) dialog: What horsepower are you getting out of it?
24) 17) dialog: Not enough. Needs to be 500 and the engine needs to be 20k lighter.
24) 19) dialog: Did you use magnesium parts?
25) 0) text: Shooting from above: The entire car has been stripped to a thousand pieces. No spread all over the workshop floor. NIKI's team of mechanics reluctantly work through the nig making the adjustments which NIKI is suggesting...
25) 1) dialog: Any solid plate, strip it out...
25) 2) text: More disbelieving, skeptical looks. The car is in pieces the floor. NIKI brews coffee to keep people alert. Focuse
25) 5) dialog: And when we've done that, we need to look at the aerodynamics. Front and rear wing..
26) 0) text: Daylight breaks over the race-track. The doors to the wor open, and the MECHANICS and NIKI emerge - their work done NIKI goes to shake hands with the MECHANICS...
26) 1) dialog: OK. Thank you. Good night..
27) 0) text: LATER: one of the BRM cars screams round the race-track.. NIKI watches on the sidelines as CLAY REGAZZONI is time- testing his car. He walks over to where LOUIS STANLEY and several MECHANICS are doing the timings...
27) 1) dialog: What was his time?
27) 3) dialog: OK. Now put him in my car, and he'll go round under two minutes.
27) 5) text: NIKI looks up to see AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER on the other side of the track. NIKI waves hi. AGNES waves back. Smiles. NIKI raises his eyebrow. Surprised.
28) 0) text: REGAZZONI gets into NIKI's car.
29) 0) text: REGAZZONI races round the track at full speed. REGAZZONI roars past the finishing line in NIKI's car. LO STANLEY looks at the stop watch.. His expression changes.
30) 0) text: STANLEY comes into the workshop where NIKI and his MECHAN are in conversation, getting changed...
30) 2) dialog: That's information I will share with you under certain conditions only. STANLEY stares, bracing himself..
30) 4) dialog: A guaranteed place in the team, and a paid contract on equal terms with Regazzoni for two years.
30) 6) dialog: Well, as of now, if you want me to stay, we rip up the contract. I don't pay you a cent.
30) 8) dialog: Was he quicker in my car? He was, wasn't he? STANLEY stares...
30) 9) dialog: Did he go under two minutes?
30) 13) dialog: So have a think, work out your priorities, and get back to me.
30) 14) text: NIKI turns, and goes. STANLEY stares...
31) 0) text: CLAY REGAZZONI emerges from testing his car. Still amazed the improved performance. Talking to his MECHANICS. In aw He removes his helmet, then stops. In the distance he sees NIKI talking to AGNES the attract TRACK MANAGER. They are clearly hitting it off..
32) 0) text: NIKI is in the showers, then getting changed for his date AGNES. He is about to go, when he stops, and sees... CLAY REGAZZONI getting undressed, looking at NIKI. CLAY s English with an Italian accent..
32) 2) dialog: What?
32) 4) text: NIKI immediately becomes defensive...
32) 5) dialog: It's none of your business.
32) 10) dialog: What's his name? The driver?
32) 12) text: NIKI stares. Can hardly believe it.
32) 14) text: CLAY slaps NIKI on his back, and goes into the showers..
32) 16) dialog: (quiet/defeated) Thanks.
33) 0) text: A restaurant in Marseilles. Through the window we can see AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER sitting at a table al Waiting for NIKI. Reverse angle to reveal:
34) 0) text: NIKI is sitting in a car across the street. He stares at in the restaurant. Then starts his car, and drives off.
40) 6) dialog: Why? No one came to see him anyway. He made a mistake. Went into the corner too fast.
40) 8) dialog: Fine. How's it at the back?
40) 10) dialog: Good. Look forward to you showing me the way today.
40) 12) dialog: Yeah right.
40) 15) text: NIKI walks to his car, putting on his helmet.
40) 16) dialog: Asshole.
41) 0) text: NIKI is on the podium, spraying champagne. He is wearing victor's garland... Meanwhile: JAMES's car is embarrassingly being brought ba a tow-truck. NIKI watches from the podium.. His eyes meet JAMES's..
50) 0) text: The two cars stop, and NIKI and CLAY REGAZZONI gets out. talks (in a mix of Italian and English) to his MECHANIC, giving them typically blunt feedback...
50) 1) dialog: It's terrible! Drives like a pig!
50) 5) dialog: Why not?
50) 7) dialog: I've driven better milk floats. It understeers like crazy and the weight distribution is a disaster... The MECHANIC gulps, then walks over to where the terrifyi COMMENDATORE and LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO are sitting, and pas on the information...
53) 0) text: CLAY REGAZZONI is driving, NIKI is in the passenger seat.
53) 5) dialog: I understand. It's business. I would be the same.
53) 7) dialog: Not me. If I thought I had more talent and could earn better money doing something else, I would.
53) 9) dialog: Not yet. But I will. (smiles) If you can, I can.
53) 12) text: NIKI laughs...
53) 13) dialog: Why am I an asshole? You know by now I'm both quicker than you and better at setting up the car. You can't deal with that, then you're the asshole.
53) 18) dialog: I'm sorry. C'mon, Clay...
54) 0) text: NIKI stares through the window. Inside: a very appealing looking bunch - young, good-looking, cool, sexy GUESTS - having a good time.. By contrast: NIKI catches his own reflection in the glass reflection. Pale. Intense. The outsider. Inside: REGAZZONI is surrounded by friends, telling a sto Everyone laughs. NIKI watches. Then turns to walk away. As he goes, the fr door opens... And a beautiful dark-haired woman (MARLENE) emerges loadi several BAGS into a car. Brunette, tan. Wearing a white d
54) 1) dialog: Are you leaving?
54) 3) dialog: Can you give me a lift to the nearest town? Anywhere with a train station.
55) 4) dialog: You hear that noise when you accelerate?
55) 6) dialog: Your drive belt is loose.
55) 8) dialog: Alternator. And when you brake, your foot goes all the way down. Means there's air in the system.
55) 10) dialog: No. Apart from the rear brakes are imbalanced. The front right wheel is flat, and it feels like a crack in the engine block...which explains why you're drifting so much.
55) 12) dialog: My ass.
55) 14) dialog: God gave me an OK mind, but a really good ass, which can feel everything in a car.
55) 16) dialog: Not a good one.
56) 0) text: White smoke pours from the engine. The car has broken dow Bonnet up. NIKI has tried fixing it, but to no avail. NIKI has a fan belt in his hand, but it's all but disintegrated under the heat of the over-worked engine. NIKI's hands are covered in oil. He is pushing a pen into large crack in the engine, slick with oil and grease.
56) 1) dialog: Nothing I can do here. The car needs a garage.
56) 3) dialog: No. As long as I'm back in Maranello by Monday morning. NIKI walks out into the road. Sticks out his thumb...
56) 6) dialog: Who's Curd?
56) 15) text: But the Italian MEN walk right past her, not seeing her, she's invisible, and stare at NIKI...
56) 17) dialog: Yes.
56) 19) dialog: Yes, we do...
56) 22) text: The ITALIAN MAN whisper in NIKI's ear. MARLENE stares, no understanding, as NIKI protests, but then slowly, relucta gets into the car. He starts the engine. MARLENE watches as the ITALIAN MEN strap themselves in wi the seat-belts, tightening them...giggling like schoolboy
56) 24) text: MARLENE turns to NIKI...
56) 33) dialog: No need to drive fast. It only increases the percentage of risk. We're not in a hurry. No one is paying me. Right now, with zero incentive or reward, why would I drive fast? MARLENE looks at him with her dark green eyes...
56) 36) dialog: (in German)
56) 39) text: Usually. NIKI stares, trying to resist...but cannot. He does a lightning double-declutch... "SLAM", NIKI's foot hits the floor, the engine screams, t rev counter flies to the right... And the open-topped sports car lurches into warp-drive...
57) 0) text: Calm EYES, and WHEELS moving in a blur of speed. We're in middle of a Grand Prix, and NIKI is driving at the limit. CAPTION: "1975". Ahead of him: a familiar sight. The back of JAMES HUNT's Hesketh..
58) 0) text: MARLENE watches on TV in the pits as NIKI is engaged in a epic tussle with JAMES... Commentators note the improvement in JAMES's technique, maturity and performance. But then, "Puff", a plume of sm comes out of JAMES's engine. The engine has blown... Immediately JAMES loses speed, and NIKI sails past, overt effortlessly. Taking the chequered flag. Television commentary in various languages tells us: NIKI LAUDA has become world champion...
59) 0) text: NIKI's car pulls in, to be mobbed by jubilant MECHANICS a gets out of his car, removing his helmet, embraced by a delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO...
60) 0) text: An impromptu party in the paddock area. The victor's garl still round his neck, proudly holding the FIA World Champ trophy, his hair matted with champagne, NIKI passes throu the crowds, accepting everyone's congratulations.. He runs into JAMES, who's in bare feet as usual. MARLENE pulled away to talk to someone else..
60) 2) dialog: Thank you.
60) 4) dialog: Maybe the fact the car is so good might have something to do with me.
60) 6) dialog: Never. You might get lucky and win one race. Maybe two. Because you're aggressive. But in the long run, over the course of a season, no chance.
60) 8) dialog: Because you're not serious. You're just a party guy. Which is why everyone likes you.
60) 12) dialog: But all that affection, all those smiles is also a sign of their disrespect! They don't fear you. Whereas compare that to me...
60) 14) dialog: Right..
60) 16) dialog: Right! Because I'm relentless. I don't screw up. I go to bed early. I look after myself, look after my car. And then, soon as the race is finished, I go home. You should go home more often, too. I heard you got married.
60) 18) dialog: So where is she?
60) 20) dialog: You know I've never seen you with her, once...
60) 21) text: NIKI turns to MARLENE, "Let's go"..
70) 0) text: NIKI and JAMES's cars lined up in positions 1 and 2 on th starting grid. JAMES proudly indicates to NIKI...
70) 2) dialog: I noticed. JAMES
70) 3) text: Pole position. NIKI
70) 5) text: Level playing field now, my ratty little friend. NIKI
70) 6) text: Let's see where we are at the end of lap one. NIKI calls after JAMES as he walks to his car... NIKI
70) 7) text: Let's see where we are in six races time!! JAMES turns, makes a ratty face at NIKI. Protruding teeth
72) 0) text: NIKI's car roars past the finishing line first. JAMES clo behind...
72) 4) dialog: Yeah, yeah...
73) 4) text: What did I tell you? Car fixed. Equal terms. You'd better get used to this. JAMES walks off, to celebrate with the McLaren team... NIKI stares darkly - threatened - watching JAMES go.. ...then goes to talk to LUCA DE MONTEZEMOLO and the FERRA team. CAPTION: "...BUT IS THEN DISQUALIFIED".
75) 4) dialog: So...six races in. How's it going so far?
75) 6) dialog: What are you talking about?
75) 8) dialog: In an illegal car.
75) 12) dialog: At least it's a LEGAL monster.
75) 14) dialog: He drives in an illegal car and he calls ME the cheat? Let me tell you: two weeks before that race in Spain, we put 20-inch rims on the rear wheels. We get an extra half second speed on each lap!! But the Old Man tells me we can't use those rims, they make the car too wide. Against the rules. So we go back to 19-inch rims making the car slower again. Rules are rules. For all of us. You're just a bad loser who can't accept that. (tapping head, to MARLENE)
75) 15) text: Komm, he's crazy. Sick in the head. NIKI turns to MARLENE, speaks in German...
75) 16) dialog: Den Trottel lassen wir alleine.. (Let's go. Leave this jerk alone.)
75) 17) text: No wonder she left him... NIKI and MARLENE go. JAMES is left staring. Not understan
86) 0) text: A crowded PRESS room. In opposite corners of the room, JA and NIKI are giving interviews to different PRESS and TV journalists. Stirling Moss is talking to JAMES...
86) 6) dialog: Not at all. For him to catch me, he'd have to win all the remaining races, and I'd have to lose them. And pigs would have to fly. Laughter among the confident GERMANS.
86) 7) dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I have a private family matter to attend to. NIKI takes MARLENE's hand, and leads her away.
88) 0) text: NIKI and MARLENE get married. In stark contrast to JAMES' wedding...it's a small, intimate affair. Modest. Not show Away from the cameras. Just them. And a witness from the
90) 0) text: NIKI and an INSTRUCTOR are in the plane. In the cockpit. MARLENE, who watches... NIKI is learning to fly. MARLENE watches as NIKI soaks up the instruction, asking questions, happy. It's another side to him, completely.
91) 0) text: NIKI and MARLENE in a pool. In Ibiza. Playing. Laughing. Honeymooning. Then NIKI's expression changes. His smile fades.
93) 0) text: MARLENE walks through the house, looking for NIKI. Then f him on a balcony...alone.. MARLENE
93) 2) text: What's the matter? NIKI
93) 3) text: It's the enemy, you know. Happiness. NIKI looks up at MARLENE... NIKI
93) 6) text: Then you have lost already. MARLENE turns, and goes.. NIKI is left alone. We can tell from his expression, he i struggling with something for the first time. Fear.
96) 3) text: Niki. JAMES's face. Instantly suspicious.
97) 0) text: About sixty people, (26 DRIVERS and all the different tea REPRESENTATIVES), are assembled in the room, where a blaz FIA OFFICIAL and a member of the DRIVERS SAFETY COMMITTEE sitting behind a table... A buzz of anticipation and curiosity. What's going on? Wh all this about? NIKI gets to his feet, raises his hands calling for silence...
97) 3) dialog: Thank you. I called this meeting because as all drivers know the Nurburgring is a race track from the Stone Ages. The most stupid, barbaric, outdated, dangerous, track in the world. You've all seen the rain which has been falling this morning. Those of you with experience know the Ring needs perfect conditions to be even remotely acceptable in terms of risk. As you can see today is anything BUT perfect, so I called this meeting to take a vote to cancel the race. A ripple of astonished reactions among the drivers..
97) 4) dialog: There would be no change to the situation as far as points is concerned. The race would simply be cancelled. TEDDY MAYER looks over at FERRARI representatives....
97) 7) dialog: It's true. You leave without your fee, but you might leave with your LIFE. Another voice pierces the controversy...
97) 10) dialog: Why? There would be no points for me either...
97) 16) text: Maybe it's just that he's frightened? Laughter among the DRIVERS... NIKI
97) 17) text: Which asshole said this? Silence. No hand goes up. No one has the courage to own u NIKI
97) 19) text: Fine. Then let's race! It's JAMES who stares at NIKI: a ripple of excitement and enthusiasm among the other drivers... JAMES
97) 24) text: All those in favour of cancelling the race? NIKI puts his hand up. One or two other racers, too... FIA OFFICIAL
97) 26) text: Gentlemen, start your engines!! A clear victory for JAMES. He has swung the room. Everyone leaves the room. JAMES and TEDDY MAYER give one another a discreet hi-five... But we rack focus through the crowd to see NIKI staring a JAMES accusingly...holding his gaze.
100) 2) text: Shut up! Where's Niki? CALDWELL
100) 3) text: Behind you! He made the same mistake! JAMES looks in his mirror to see NIKI's red helmet behind in the pits, then... "Thump", new (slick) tyres hit the tarmac. JAMES gets the signal, `Clear!' CALDWELL
100) 4) text: Go! Go!! Go!! JAMES's foot hits the floor. He roars out, with new tyres leaving NIKI behind him in the pits...
103) 0) text: NIKI's POV: a continuation of the opening scene. Burning fills NIKI's helmet, burning his lungs. He cries out in a
103) 1) dialog: 
103) 4) dialog: August 1st, 1976, I discovered comas exist for a reason.
104) 0) text: NIKI's POV: the door to a helicopter opens, as it arrives Mannheim University Hospital... The sound of shouting voices. Hospital STAFF pull reach towards NIKI, pull his stretcher out. NIKI's internal voice groans: cries out at the pain. NIKI (V/O)
105) 0) text: "Crash", doors burst open and NIKI is rushed into emergen Neon ceiling lights pass overhead... The sound of difficult breathing. His stretcher is surrounded by DOCTORS, talking urgently, making quick assessments.. NIKI's POV: fading in and out of consciousness. Bursts of concerned, urgent, overlapping dialogue among t German DOCTORS which NIKI can barely make out..
106) 0) text: Two narrow, barely open slits of light. NIKI's swollen ey lids. NIKI's POV: barely making out MARLENE standing besi the senior burns specialist DOCTOR. NIKI hears voices... DOCTOR
106) 3) text: Which is not enough to maintain life... NIKI slips out of consciousness again. MARLENE is distrau in tears.
108) 0) text: NIKI's P.O.V: feels someone touching his forehead and his hands with oil...and the sound of a WOMAN weeping... PRIEST
108) 1) text: ...durch diese heilige Salbung helfe dir der Herr in seinem reichen Erbarmen, er stehe dir bei mit der Kraft des Heiligen Geistes... NIKI's eyes barely crack open, barely manage to focus to an ELDERLY PRIEST is giving him the last rites in German. The sound of MARLENE crying somewhere in the room. PRIEST
108) 2) text: Der Herr der dich von Sunden befreit, rette dich in seiner Gnade richte er dich auf... NIKI strains to move. A sense of excruciating pain. He fights to open his eyes, give an indication...ANY indication of the fact that he is hearing this, and is al and able to fight for life... But to no avail. The PRIEST continues giving last rites. MARLENE continues to cry. The PRIEST touches NIKI's shoulder... NIKI (V/O)
109) 0) text: Sunrise: MARLENE has been sitting in the hospital all nig supported by members of FAMILY and several FRIENDS. Niki's MOTHER and FATHER. CLAY REGAZZONI. Presently: the door to the intensive care unit opens and DOCTOR comes out, beckoning her...
110) 0) text: Shooting through the window we see MARLENE approach NIKI' bed. She sees NIKI.. And gasps. Trying to control her expression. Not give awa him how horrified she is. NIKI's face: is grotesque. His head has swollen to double size. The skin has burned off on his head, his eyes. MARLENE bravely composes herself. Then, without displayin shock she feels - she goes over and kisses him.
111) 0) text: The starter's flag drops. On television we see the Austri Grand Prix start. NIKI watches the race on television, while beginning his in bed, in pain as bandages are changed.. ON TV: JAMES narrowly misses out on a podium, but still g on NIKI in his points total... CAPTION: "RACE 11. HUNT FINISHES 4th"
112) 0) text: NIKI continues his rehab in the hospital, now out of bed. ON TV: the starter's flag drops. Another Grand Prix start This time at Zandvoort, in the Netherlands.. NIKI watches the race on television as DOCTORS put a vacu pump into his lungs. It's AGONY. JAMES leads, driving the perfect race... YOUNG GERMAN DOCTOR
112) 1) text: We need to vacuum the lungs. Without this, they can't heal. But it will hurt. An unimaginably painful pump is forced down his burned lu to try to hoover out the impurities.. COMMENTATORS ON TV: talk about how HUNT is catching up wi LAUDA on points. It spurs NIKI on, through gritted teeth. NIKI
112) 4) dialog: Again!! The DOCTOR nods. The vacuum is turned on again. NIKI screams in agony. Eyes bulging. MARLENE and NIKI's f cannot bear to watch...
113) 0) text: NIKI continues screaming in pain, watching the Canadian G TV as..
114) 0) text: NIKI screams again. MARLENE, NIKI's family and the DOCTOR deeply distressed, cannot bring themselves to watch, as..
114) 1) dialog: Aaaaarrrrggghghhhhhh!! We WIDEN to reveal what NIKI is doing. What has caused th unbearable, bloodcurdling screams of agony..
114) 2) dialog: I know what you're all thinking... Now we see. With great difficulty NIKI has put his racing helmet on for the first time. Pressing into his open burn wounds...
114) 3) dialog: But if you love me - all of you - you won't say a word. He is almost unconscious with pain. His legs are weak. Bu has done it...
116) 2) dialog: Wow. It's that bad, huh? JAMES opens his mouth. Tries to say something.
116) 3) dialog: In the hospital I told them to tell me straight, no bullshit - how bad it would be. My appearance. They said with time it'd be fine. But it won't. I can tell, seeing your reaction. I am going to spend the rest of my life with a face that frightens people. NIKI stares at JAMES, at his rival's beauty, his blonde, tanned perfection. His matinee idol, movie star looks...
116) 4) dialog: That's a tough one to get used to.
116) 10) dialog: Yes. You did.
116) 12) dialog: No.
116) 14) dialog: Trust me, watching you win those points and all those races while I was in hospital fighting for my life...you were equally responsible for getting me better. Ouch. That could have been meant generously. But in this it wasn't. It was a cold slap in the face. NIKI turns and goes.
117) 0) text: A packed press conference. The world's media. NIKI's acci and recovery (as a story) has reached way beyond F1 race This is front page news around the globe.. NIKI walks out onto the podium - all eyes staring at him sense of a ghoulish, voyeuristic freak show.... NIKI sits on the podium, in front of microphones, flanked both sides by FERRARI drivers and top brass. But no one w to talk to them. Everyone's here to talk to NIKI..
117) 2) dialog: Fine.
117) 6) dialog: Sure. I had a skin graft operation where they put half my right thigh in my face. It doesn't look too good but one unexpected advantage is it's impossible to perspire through a skin graft, so sweat will never run in my eyes again - which is good for a driver. Laughter. At the back of the hall, JAMES HUNT creeps in, (unseen by anyone, disguised in a hat), to listen.
117) 8) dialog: Ja. Before even my first operation.
117) 10) dialog: No. Just another team-mate. Keen to make an impression. So let's see where Mr. Reutemann finishes today. Laughter.
117) 12) dialog: Yes. (a beat)
117) 15) dialog: Of course. I have the better car. I'm the better driver. But he's a clever guy and has used the time well while I was lying half-dead in hospital to win some points.. Laughter.
117) 20) text: I'm being serious. Do you really think your marriage can survive? With the way you look now? Silence. NIKI squints into the lights.. NIKI
117) 21) text: And I'm being serious, too. Which asshole said this? Jesus.. No one moves. NIKI, disgusted, rips off his microphone.. NIKI
117) 22) text: Fuck you. Press conference over. NIKI walks out. The Press Conference breaks up... JAMES sees the REPORTER who asked the question, laughing his friends. JAMES watches as the REPORTER leaves...
119) 0) text: JAMES walks out to his car. TV CREWS. Banks of PHOTOGRAPH Commentators talk in different languages. Everyone talking about NIKI's comeback. NIKI is in his car. The MECHANICS are talking to him in Italian... But NIKI hears nothing. He looks at the steering wheel, t shell of the car, the gear stick. And then we see.. His hands are shaking violently. He's utterly terrified. The light turns green. They're off! Other cars (including JAMES's), roar forward. But NIKI is frozen.
120) 0) text: NIKI's mind is a mess - terrified - he starts slowly...fi his courage.. COMMENTATORS point out it's madness. It was clearly too s Ferrari were right to hire a replacement. NIKI is a wreck NIKI suffers terrible flashbacks from his accident... NIKI shakes himself out...gradually building up speed - ignoring the cars overtaking him all around him... NIKI begins to accelerate. Gently at first. Then a bit mo Trusting himself. Gaining confidence.. Blocking out further flashbacks...
121) 0) text: The Italian crowds are ecstatic. Delirious. NIKI is a nat hero. Lazarus back from the dead. Superhuman.
123) 3) text: What did you expect? That Niki would give you the championship lying down? Of course not. He's a fighter. He's going to come at you with everything he's got. But you can do this. As a driver, you're his equal - better, maybe. And God knows you're quick and brave enough. You just.. JAMES (ON PHONE)
125) 0) text: NIKI wakes up and looks out of the window. Sees the heavy which is falling outside... His expression changes.
127) 0) text: NIKI is being massaged by WILLI DUNGL in his hotel room i preparation for the race. NIKI continues to stare out of the window. They speak in German. We see sub-titles..
127) 1) dialog: Can't see the mountain.
127) 3) dialog: The locals here believe if you can see the mountain in the morning, it brings good luck. NIKI's POV: the view. Nothing but mist, dark skies and ra
129) 5) text: Niki's talking to them about cancelling the race. JAMES's POV: he can see NIKI, his wounds horribly visible remonstrating with the JAPANESE OFFICIAL about the danger track conditions... JAMES turns to TEDDY and ALASTAIR... JAMES
129) 7) text: But you have no option. You HAVE to race, James. It's your only shot. If you don't, Niki wins.. JAMES
129) 8) text: I'm not voting against Niki again....or forcing fellow drivers to risk their lives. Sorry. World Championship or not... JAMES raises his hands and walks off. CALDWELL shouts aft him, "James, wait..!" Then MAYER reassures CALDWELL...
130) 0) text: In the pits alongside JAMES... A series of shots of the other DRIVERS...being sent out l lambs to the slaughter... Visibly terrified, mouthing prayers, smoking last cigaret meditating, crossing themselves, hands shaking.. Among them the JAPANESE DRIVERS. All laughter gone now. Realizing what they've got into. Risking their lives. Finally we come to rest on NIKI. Strangely calm. NIKI puts on his balaclava over his still-raw wounds, win with pain as he puts on his helmet..
133) 0) text: NIKI's engine replies with a loud roar. He looks over at JAMES. JAMES turns to face NIKI.. ALL SOUND GOES SILENT... ...as JAMES and NIKI stare at one another. All around the the world slows down. Comes to a standstill.
134) 0) text: HUNT's foot hits the floor. NIKI's foot hits the floor... JAMES gets the better start. His car aquaplanes like craz skating over the water, totally out of control...
137) 0) text: NIKI can see nothing. Surrounded by spray, water, noise.
143) 10) text: No! No! NO!!!! JAMES tries to fend NIKI off. Swerves this way and that. his wounded car is now running at seventy per cent at bes ...and disaster!!! NIKI OVERTAKES HIM... JAMES screams in agony and frustration. He's lost it! And no one to blame but himself! His own arrogance. And stubbornness. NIKI's overtaken him! THE CHEQUERED FLAG. JAMES roars past. Has finished in third place. But that i consolation. NIKI has beaten him. As far as he's concerne JAMES has lost. Lost everything.
145) 0) text: Across the race-track, the sound of helicopter blades tur JAMES looks over to see... NIKI in the helicopter with MARLENE and a PILOT. NIKI, no ex-World Champion, looks over to see a triumphant JAMES surrounded by press, McLaren colleagues, etc MARLENE
145) 1) text: Are you OK? NIKI turns, takes MARLENE's hand as he answers. NIKI
146) 0) text: JAMES watches as the helicopter carrying NIKI flies away, turns to see... ...the world's press begins to descend on him, and the bi party of JAMES HUNT's life is about to begin.. In the background, the two JAPANESE DRIVERS are giving interviews again. They didn't just survive, MASAHIRO HASE got the fastest lap of the race, and NORITAKE TAKAHARA ca 9th... And at that moment, magically, the sun breaks through, an snowy peak of Mount Fuji is finally revealed.
147) 3) dialog: Do you fly?
147) 5) dialog: You should try it. If something goes wrong up there, you're on the edge, but have to stay within the rules. Stick to regulations. Suppress the ego. It's good discipline for the racing.
147) 7) dialog: What brings you here?
147) 11) dialog: Pre-season testing.
147) 13) dialog: Thank you.
147) 15) dialog: But it is one. Relentlessness is good. Means you're a fighter. That you never give up. Behind my back I know some of you guys call me `The Rat.' Because I look like one. It's meant as an insult. But I don't mind it. Rats are ugly, sure. And no one likes them. But they're intelligent. With a strong survival instinct. JAMES can't help smiling. That's NIKI.
147) 16) dialog: So when do you start testing? Next week?
147) 18) dialog: Why? You need to. To prove to all the people who will always say you only won it because...
147) 23) text: You bottled and I had the guts to see it through. NIKI
147) 25) text: Why? NIKI
147) 27) text: That's winning? Sounds like losing to me. Some of life needs to be for pleasure, Niki. What's the use of having a million cups and medals if you never have any fun? How is that winning? The plane load of JAMES's friends call out..."C'mon, Jame NIKI
147) 33) text: I will, Niki. But I intend to enjoy myself first. And so should you. You think you can? NIKI stares. A blank look.. JAMES
147) 34) text: See you on race day, Champ. NIKI
147) 35) text: You will. Champ. JAMES goes. NIKI watches him, pulled into his plane by hi laughing, cool FRIENDS. An unmistakable flicker of envy i eyes. Then NIKI turns, alone, and resumes his safety checks.