2) 6) dialog: This meeting has been called to order. Pray proceed. He lights a cigarette.
2) 9) dialog: (to his brother) This is going to be heavy.
2) 14) dialog: (intuiting) He means your school. They’re taking you out of school.
2) 19) dialog: (raising a glass) Thank you Dad.
2) 22) dialog: (mock surprised) Really? Tell us about that dad. For the first time ever. (CONTINUED)
2) 26) dialog: The Jesuits have a long history of education.
2) 29) dialog: The Christian Brothers, Conor, are a order of the Catholic Church, appointed in the education, formation, and beating of their young charges.
2) 31) dialog: Well they didn’t beat me.
2) 35) text: Brendan gets up. He squeezes Conor’s shoulder, big broth style, and exits. His parents go about their business. We push in on Conor, alone. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - DAY The door slams as Conor exits his house, zipping up his jacket. He marches down the driveway. He wears brown cord with a slight flare to them. Leather shoes. Jumper. This is a leafy suburb of Dublin. Middle class, safe, protected. But Conor’s house stands out. It has seen bett days. It needs a new coat of paint, and the garden could with a mow. A car is parked in the driveway, but hasn’t b used in a good while. Three push bikes are leaning agains the gate instead. He walks up the street with his hands in his pockets.
6) 1) text: The walls read like a tabloid newspaper: “IRA” “BRITS OUT “JENNY GREEN IS A SLUT ” are among the headlines. The playing field of his previous school is another world INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - EVENING Back in his house, we are in Brendan's attic lair. As far away from the rest of the house as possible. This small r is a shrine to music and art. And hash. We have numerous ash trays. A homemade hammock. Posters o bands on the walls. Shelves of books on pop art, philosop and music. A poster of SIGMUND FREUD on the wall next to bed. A voice bubble has been drawn in, saying “It’s all y mother’s fault”. A portable TV on a box. An acoustic guitar with two strin But most importantly, a huge collection of Vinyl. Proudly alphabetized. The only thing so in Brendan's life. The windows are blacked out with hanging blankets, and th lighting is low; easy on the eternally stoned eye. Brendan sits in his huge, collapsed armchair in a mist of marijuana smoke, a king of his own domain. He is taking a drag from one. The door is ajar. Outside, Conor knocks.
6) 3) dialog: Where else would I be?
6) 5) dialog: I’m in here. Conor enters, leaning against the wall by the door.
6) 6) dialog: (sage-like) You appear troubled, my young friend. Conor nods his head.
6) 7) dialog: Sit. Share your woes. Conor sits on the edge of his brother’s bed. (CONTINUED)
6) 9) dialog: You start tomorrow? Conor nods his head.
6) 10) dialog: You'll be fine. You just have to find a way of distracting the thugs from noticing you.
6) 12) dialog: How would I know?
6) 14) dialog: You are. In a way. All institutions are prisons. You do realize that this is just part of the bigger picture? This school move?
6) 16) dialog: I’m pretty sure they’re splitting up. I hear them rowing, in the middle of the night.
6) 18) dialog: There'll be plenty of time for that. He takes another drag, and then instinctively goes to pas to Conor. But then realizes, pulling it back.
6) 19) dialog: Oh, no, you’re tiny. He stands up, taking the record that has been playing quietly. Replaces it carefully, and searches for somethin else.
6) 20) dialog: ..-and this is just the start of a process. They start moving you around. Soon the electricity will be cut off. The bailiff will come. The house will be sold. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
6) 23) dialog: Oh, just the three-headed monster of Fear, Infidelity, Ego, Materialism.
6) 25) dialog: The things that are destroying their marriage. And now YOU'RE being tested. This is YOUR time. I had my time.
6) 27) dialog: (beat, a thousand thoughts in a blink of an eye) This is a great chance for you. To break that cycle of shit. That school would have turned you into a doctor, or a lawyer. “Must make money, must make money”. Conor listens attentively, if a little confused.
6) 28) dialog: (off his look of confusion) That was a robot I just did there. Who wants to be a robot? Except R2D2? Who knows what this new prison will do for you, my little friend! (beat) You're on a hero’s journey. How are you going to fare? He puts on the record he’s been looking for. The needle m the vinyl with a comforting crunch. A loud, heavy metal s from the late seventies. The room rocks. Brendan smiles at his younger brother, “y feeling me??” (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: Brendan and Conor burst into the sitting room. Their fath is sitting at the table drinking a whiskey. The collar of jacket is turned up, and he has a scarf on. In front of h a few architectural drawings, draftsman kit, sliding rule etc. He is sketching plans for a building that will never built. Numerous photographs of Brendan are framed and around the place. As a baby. A young boy. A handsome teenager. Etc. Brendan was the golden boy. Brendan turns on the TV as he and Conor take seats on the couch.
11) 1) dialog: Can we turn on the fire?
11) 5) text: On the TV, the video for Duran Duran’s “Rio” begins. Cono glued to the screen as Brendan lectures on the clothes, video, song, and lyrics. Conor is an enthusiastic student
11) 6) dialog: The jury is out on which way these guys will go. They’re a lot of fun, and John Taylor is one of the most proficient bass players in the UK right now, giving them a funky edge which I hope they'll go with. Look at this video! He laughs with glee as beautiful people aboard a yacht in Caribbean surround Simon LeBon. The band looks good. The girls are clad in bikinis. At the table, Robert looks back at his sketch. He scrunch up the sheets of paper angrily. Frustrated. Penny watches this.
11) 10) dialog: Oh, I’1l just start up the time machine so we can go BACK in time for dad. He sighs. Underwater, Simon LeBon drinks a pink cocktail underwater. The pink liquid mixes with the sea. Brendan laughs.
11) 12) dialog: It’s a video, Robert. It’s a piece of art. Everyone is making them now.
11) 20) dialog: That might date.
11) 22) dialog: Because they’re in the USA, didn’t you hear him? And this lasts forever. It’s the perfect marriage of music and visuals. Short. To the point. Look at that... He points to the screen. Hedonism and fun, in Technicolor
11) 23) dialog: What tyranny could stand up to that? Conor looks at the screen, transfixed. His brother has a point. Sort of.
11) 25) dialog: Oh let’s not begin a philosophical argument Robert.
11) 27) dialog: Because you'll lose. This winds Robert up, who is up for a fight, but a stern shake of Penny’s head warns him off. (CONTINUED)
11) 29) dialog: (quietly) .--and the thing about Barry Bray is, he’s probably a victim himself. Bullying is a cycle. Like with Dad. His dad undermined him, pissed on his dreams. So what do you expect.
11) 31) dialog: So we gotta break the cycle. Right? Look at these guys- (referring to the band) Their dads fought in the Second World War! Wore flat caps and woolen underwear. Look at them now! On screen, Duran Duran are the epitome of ‘80s London: affluence, arrogance, and renewed confidence.
11) 32) dialog: Barry Bray is more than likely gay. And he’s struggling with it. And holding you up in the toilets is all part of that.
11) 34) dialog: Probably. It’s not a good school to be gay in, he’s suffering in there, same as you. But the only way to get him off your back is to understand him. To defeat him, you must firstly forgive him. He nods, sagely, returning to watching the TV. We hold on Conor thinking about this advice.
22) 13) text: Pull out from Brendan's tape machine. Conor is playing hi brother his first demo tape. The tape reads “SING STREET” DEMO 1. If it sounded bad live this afternoon, it sounds worse played back on a small tape machine. Conor chews his nails in anticipation of his big brother' response. Brendan finally ejects the tape before it’s ove
22) 14) dialog: This is BAD. And there’s nothing as bad as bad music. And you must never play this again. To Conor's surprise, he begins unspooling the tape, pulli it out in a pile at his feet.
22) 16) dialog: No no. All evidence of this day must be destroyed. He finally bins the tape.
22) 17) dialog: That’s a novelty act. You want to get the girl right?
22) 19) dialog: (shouting, impatient) The Girl! That’s what this is about? Right?
22) 21) dialog: Right. So you’re going to get her with someone else’s art? Are you kidding me?
22) 23) dialog: Play? PLAY? You don’t need to know how to play! You think the Sex Pistols knew how to play? Who are you, Steely Dan? (CONTINUED)
22) 24) text: Brendan is coming into his own. He leaves his chair, paci the room. Pulling different records from his collection. now has the first project of his adult life: his brother.
22) 25) dialog: You have to learn how to NOT play. That’s rock n roll. And that takes practice. (beat) And you’re not a covers band!
22) 27) dialog: Every school has a covers band. Every wedding. Every pub. And in every covers band there’s a middle aged man who never knows if he could have made it because he never had the balls to write a song for someone. Rock n Roll is a risk. You risk being ridiculed. Conor thinks about this.
22) 29) dialog: Close the door. And sit down.
22) 31) dialog: THIS... is school. Conor closes the door. Sits down. It’s going to be a long night.
35) 30) dialog: Shit? The take ends. Conor nervously awaits his brother’s react Below the table, we see that Conor’s fingers are crossed.
35) 31) dialog: (finally) This will be good.
35) 33) dialog: Yeah. If you had proper cameras and a good director. As long as it’s in your head, that’s the important thing. This is an exercise in imagination.
35) 35) dialog: Yeah. Think big, Conor. This is all just a means to an end. SHE looks amazing. They both watch Raphina on screen. Frankly, she is the on good thing about this whole affair. She has a confidence sultry beauty that totally belongs on screen.
35) 36) dialog: The “Riddle of The Model” isn’t a great title. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
35) 39) dialog: Oh yeah. She should connect them all. She’s world class. Looks a little like Dee C Lee, from the Style Council? Without her, you're just a bunch of gay looking children down an alleyway. She elevates it. So did you kiss her yet? Surprised by his forthrightness.
35) 41) dialog: Why not?
35) 43) dialog: Oh yeah. Who?
35) 45) dialog: What’s he doing hanging out with a kid?
35) 48) dialog: Homework. You’re good. Get better. Conor studies the sleeve. A Joe Jackson record. The Polic The Jam.
35) 49) dialog: How do you know he’s her boyfriend anyway? (CONTINUED)
35) 52) dialog: What was he listening to?
35) 54) dialog: He won’t be a problem.
35) 56) dialog: Trust me, no woman can truly love a man who listens to Phil Collins. Off, we hear a row breaking out downstairs between the parents. Brendan lowers the volume.
35) 57) dialog: Shh. Listen. They listen. Raised but muffled voices. Slammed doors. Th smash of a plate.
35) 58) dialog: I think she’s having an affair.
35) 60) dialog: I see her getting a lift home from her boss a couple of times a week.
35) 62) dialog: She always gets out of the car about a hundred yards up from the house. It’s a nervous thing. She’s overcompensating. We hold on Conor considering this. It clearly makes him v
44) 39) dialog: She means that you’ve got to get to a place in life where you’re okay with your sadness. That you’re not fighting it anymore, but that you're almost... happy with it. It’s monastic. She’s like a monk. I like this girl.
44) 42) dialog: So her dad's dead, and her mum is mental? And you thought you had problems? (beat) So that’s what the older boyfriend is about. Daddy issues. I used to know chicks like her. They can be tricky. And need a lot of protecting. Think you’re up for that, Conor?
44) 44) dialog: So what’s it all about then?
44) 46) dialog: They're happy/sad. A Gothic, pop/love song starts up on the turn table and Brendan smiles.
44) 47) dialog: Close the door. Conor pushes the door closed, transfixed by the sound. Brendan takes his seat. Conor, his. It’s going to be a long night.
52) 21) dialog: People sort of laugh at this chap, but he’s actually the dogs bollocks! Conor looks at the album cover. INT. CONOR’S BEDROOM - MORNING Conor wakes up on a Saturday morning. We hold on him overhead, as he lies there, considering his lot. He final pulls himself out of bed and exits. INT. CONOR’S HOUE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS Conor is greeted by a MAN (40s) directly outside his door who is measuring the corridor with a tape, taking notes i his pad. (CONTINUED)
56) 12) dialog: Pray begin. He sits down.
56) 15) dialog: (getting up) Thank you! Knew it was just a question of time. Let me know when we're moving. I’1l be packed. (CONTINUED)
56) 18) dialog: Oh. A consensus? Well that’s novel. Go ahead. He sits down. We push in on Conor for the following.
56) 23) dialog: I won’t be staying in Tony’s. Let’s get that very straight. I’d rather sleep on the street. Brendan seems unusually angry. Even twitchy.
56) 26) dialog: Wow. Look at you two. This is the first time I’ve seen you being nice to each other in ten years! (CONTINUED)
56) 32) dialog: It was obvious.
56) 34) dialog: That’s bullshit. They’re just human beings. I told you that.
56) 36) dialog: What? You thought they’d suddenly become different people? And start noticing what you were doing? Or wanted? They have their own shit going on. They’re not going to come to your stupid gig. (CONTINUED)
56) 37) text: This is not the usual Brendan.
56) 39) dialog: It’s not that it’s stupid. It’s that it’s annoying.
56) 41) dialog: I don’t know! I’m having withdrawal.
56) 43) dialog: From hash. I haven’t smoked in two days.
56) 45) dialog: So I can do something with my life!
56) 47) dialog: Look at you. You little punk. You know nothing, do you? You’re the youngest. You get to follow the path that I macheted through the jungle that is our mad family. They took all their shit out on me. I got bitten by every insect, and snake. And fell into every river. For six years I was alone with those two. You think they’re mad now, think what they were like when they were in their late twenties with a screaming baby in a rented flat who got married because they were two Catholics who wanted to sleep with each other. They didn’t even love each other. And I was in the middle of that. On my own. And then you came along, thank God, and followed the trail I cut for us. You just moved in my jet stream. Untouched. And people laugh at me now. At the stoner. The college dropout. And praise you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
60) 20) dialog: Excellent. What time?
60) 22) dialog: Okay. I‘1l see you there, probably. Is your girlfriend going?
60) 24) dialog: You know I was in a band once?
60) 26) dialog: Oh yeah. We never got to play a gig. But we practiced for about a summer. It was really just an excuse to get high with your friends. But we weren’t half bad. I wrote some pretty good lyrics. (CONTINUED)
60) 29) dialog: Ah, parents. Mum always wanted me to be a doctor. Or a lawyer. his head.
60) 30) dialog: You should be glad they don’t give as much of a damn about you.
60) 32) dialog: When?
68) 0) text: Music plays over Penny is making love to A MAN (45), on the couch in an office. She is smiling and happy. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Robert is sitting in front of the TV with a sandwich and glass of whiskey. He is watching violence on TV from Nort Ireland. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Brenden enters his room. Restless. He is trying on his ja to go out. Looks in the mirror. The song from the gig sti playing over. He checks his watch and looks at his guitar smiles. Picks it up, sits back and strums it. Blows some off it. Tunes a string. Then gives up. Crosses the room, the needle onto the vinal. Picks up his hash paraphernali and begins rolling a joint on the back of the guitar, tap his feet to the music. Takes off his jacket. He’s not goi anywhere.
70) 42) dialog: Hey. What’s going on?
70) 44) dialog: In bed. Why?
70) 46) dialog: Hey. You’re Raphina? (CONTINUED )
70) 49) dialog: What for?
70) 51) dialog: Sure. When are you talking about?
70) 53) dialog: What!!? Do you have any friends there?
70) 55) dialog: Do you have any sterling?
70) 57) dialog: Let's go. Raphina and Conor smile. INT. CONOR’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER In a frenzy, Conor throws things in a shoulder bag. INT. ROBERT AND PENNY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Conor sneaks in to his parents’ room. He tip toes over to bedside locker. The car keys are under the lamp. (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: Palpable excitement in the car as Brendan drives it south out to the sea...
72) 6) dialog: You DO know it can get pretty choppy once you get out past the island?
72) 9) dialog: Call home as SOON as you get there, okay? No messing around.
72) 11) dialog: Okay.
72) 13) dialog: I‘ll be fine. I’m bulletproof. He smiles. He is far from bulletproof. (CONTINUED)
72) 14) text: Oh, here. I wrote some words down. For a song. 115. Brendan reaches in his pocket and produces a foolscap of paper with loads of lyrics written on it.
72) 15) dialog: They're just a stream of consciousness thing. It’s about this kid and a girl. In the future. If you get there, put some music to them some day. I’m serious. Could be a good song.
72) 18) dialog: Oh yeah. You look after that brother of mine. He’s going to be lost without me.
72) 20) dialog: And I hope you can swim. shakes Brendan’s hand and hugs him from the boat. is getting a little emotional as A SONG starts to on the track. He hugs his brother one more time. But no time for tears. Conor steers the little boat out of the harbour. They wav back to Brendan, who stands on the jetty waving.
75) 0) text: Brendan watches them from behind the wheel of his car. Th look very vulnerable in the distance, bobbing up and down starts screaming. For no reason. Shouting and screaming a cheering, looking at the little boat making its escape. I way, he’s on that boat. The boat disappears around the si of the island. Brendan smiles, shouting.
78) 0) text: Conor waves up at the people on deck. Then speeds onwards Raphina smiles, looking at his back. She tries to light u cigarette. Then gives up. She starts laughing. The SONG really takes off now. It’s Conor’s voice singing The lyrics are about him and Raphina. About their future. model and a singer. About staying together. Written from older brother’s perspective. What we’re hearing is clearl marriage of Brendan’s lyrics and Conor’s music. From the future. And it’s the only clue to whether Conor and Raphi ever made it. Because right now, all we can see is mist, rain, and grim determination on COSMO’S drenched face.... Snap to black.