7) 0) text: Song playing loud. Monday morning. Almost in answer to his brother’s questio Conor walks into the gate of the school. Numerous kids ha gathered in packs. Conor has to walk a gauntlet of new fa Heads turn towards the newcomer. There is something of a stranger arriving at a new town in a Western. But this is Western, and the stomping song tells us so. Conor’s three quarter length smart coat and long curly hair draws laugh He is also carrying a soft, brown leather satchel, which doesn’t help. Kids smoke in circles. Kids spit on the ground. Further into the walk, a fight is just breaking out, anda small circle is gathering. Two boys beat it out. Bloody n and fists. Conor speeds up as he passes. He notices that above them, at a second story window, a BROTHER (50s), in black suit and white collar, is watching the fight down below. He does nothing about it. One KID has a dead RAT skewered on the end of a stick. He chases other kids around with it. He finally throws it at Conor. It hits him on the side of the head. Others laugh. The song ends as he enters the school. The back of his co is covered in spit. INT. CLASSROOM — DAY Conor sits in a large, drafty classroom, looking around. windows rattle in the wind. Worn, wooden floorboards underfoot. The desks are mismatched. Two kids per desk. T is a class of about 35 kids. BROTHER BARNABAS (70), in a black gown and white collar, writes Latin on the blackboard. Even with his hearing aid, he can’t hear kids chatting, laughing and fighting when his back is turned. Conor sits in the middle, amazed. To his left, at the bac class, a boy smokes a cigarette, blowing the smoke out th sash window beside him. To his right, two BOYS hold down another, as a fourth far in his mouth, closing it, and making him swallow. Another kid is getting an Indian ink tattoo: IRA, on his hand. (CONTINUED)
7) 1) text: At the blackboard, Brother Barnabas takes a surreptitious swig from a hip flask, returning it under his gown. This guy should have been put out to pasture a long time ago. The door swings open, and the HEADMASTER enters silently, his morning rounds. The class stands up. Silence. He is t same Brother we saw watching the fight on the way in.
7) 4) dialog: Hah?
7) 6) dialog: Oh. How modern. Brother Baxter speaks in a tough, no nonsense Dublin acce His bushy moustache suggests something of a military man.