7) 3) dialog: It’s French, brother Barnabas.
7) 5) dialog: You're teaching French. Not Latin. Brother Barnabas looks at the board, seeing that he is teaching Latin.
7) 7) dialog: Mind you, I'd be surprised if any of ye even knew where France is, not to mind speaking the language. Silence. Conor, who thinks this is an actual question, raises a hand.
7) 8) dialog: Oh. Go on.
7) 10) dialog: My my. And how do you know that?
7) 12) dialog: You'll be the new lad then, from the Jesuits. (CONTINUED)
7) 15) dialog: Yes “Brother”. What’s your name.
7) 17) dialog: Shut up! You could all take a leaf out of his book. Look at a map once in a while. Right Conor. Morning prayers are at a quarter to nine. Little break is ten minutes. At 11 o'clock. Big break is 45 minutes at 1 o'clock. The canteen is located below the P.E. Hall. They serve chips and bars. The lads will show you the ropes. Welcome.
7) 19) dialog: As you were! He turns to go. But as he does, he sees Conor’s feet unde his desk. He pauses. Conor is wearing brown leather brogu Everyone else is wearing black shoes.
7) 20) dialog: We have a strict, black shoe policy here, Mr. Lawlor. Your parents should have read it in the introductory rule book. Page 142. We'll let it go today, but from tomorrow on... He goes to exit again.
7) 22) dialog: Well, you’1l have to get a pair then. And report to me first thing in the morning with them. Good man. Brother Baxter exits. The class takes a sigh of relief. T kid who was smoking releases a lung-full of smoke. Brothe Barnabas goes back to teaching Latin. (CONTINUED)
12) 0) text: Conor walks into school. He is keeping a low profile, wal in by the wall as the madness carries on all around him. Up ahead, he runs into Brother Baxter. He looks him up an down. We TILT down to reveal... BROWN SHOES. Hold on Brother Baxter’s face. An inscrutable look. Deep shock that his warning would be ignored. 26. INT. BROTHER BAXTER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Brother Baxter sits behind his large desk in his office. little in this room, except a statue of the Virgin Mary, a cross. On the other side of the desk, Conor. Silence.
12) 1) dialog: What’s going on, son?
12) 4) dialog: I can see that. They’re very nice. Tasteful, as you say. But you see, they’re not black?
12) 6) dialog: (nodding his head) Take them off.
12) 8) dialog: Seeing as you’re so fond of them. You can pick them up here at four o'clock every day until you comply with the rules of the school. Conor looks at him in disbelief. Is this really what’s go to happen now?
39) 6) dialog: What’s going on?
39) 8) dialog: With...this. He gestures the face.
39) 11) dialog: Head down to the toilets and remove the make up right now.
39) 13) dialog: Because I told you to. (CONTINUED)
39) 16) dialog: You're a man. Men don’t wear makeup.
39) 18) dialog: So you’re Mozart, are you? Conor shrugs, a little embarrassed. Shakes his head. He smiles.
39) 19) dialog: That makes me Salieri, is it?
39) 21) dialog: Take the make up off, and stop acting like you deserve special treatment.
39) 23) dialog: You've a fine face, I wouldn’t worry about covering it up with make up. Conor stands there, trying to work this one out.
39) 24) dialog: You can use me own bathroom there. If you like. He gestures a door off his office.
40) 0) text: Conor exits the office, but Brother Baxter is hot on his tail. He grabs Conor by the hair, and drags him down the corridor. Conor shouts and wriggles, but BB means busines It’s like a red mist has descended over him. He slaps him couple of times across the side of the head. Other kids l on, clearing the way. BB kicks in the door to the students’ bathroom, pushing C through in front of him.
41) 2) dialog: You wanna bet? BB turns on the taps, and as the sink fills up, plunges Conor's head into the water. Conor bucks like a drowning animal. Brother Baxter pulls head back out. Conor gasps for air, spluttering water. Brother Baxter slaps a bar of soap into Conor’s face, mus it into his face.
41) 3) dialog: (shouting) We'll get you clean! Don’t worry! We'll clean you up! And get that shite off ye. Then down into the water again. Conor splutters. Again, h pulled back out, now crying and coughing, his make up mix with soap and dripping down his face. Brother Baxter wipes his hand with a towel, and turns to leaving Conor leaning over the sink shivering. He exits. We hold on Conor.
55) 14) dialog: What’s going on here? Is there a problem, Lawlor?
70) 3) text: The Brother turns them on again. Then the skin head turns them off, then takes a fire extinguisher and smashes it d on the light switch, ensuring they stay off. Brother Baxter is making his way towards stage. He stands the side of the stage, gesturing for Cosmo to come over. Conor heads over, leaning down.
70) 4) dialog: Lad, don’t push it.
70) 6) dialog: If you want to keep this band going next term you’d better be careful.