0) 0) text: Two FIFTEEN year-old BOYS stand outside this rough, inner city school on a cold, rainy morning. They are CONOR and DARREN. Conor is a middle class kid with a posh accent. Darren is a local boy, with a tough Dublin accent. They are elbowed by passing STUDENTS entering the school gates. Some of them mince past them, implying that they a gay- These two are outsiders. Conor will be handsome when he grows up. While most of th other boys have standard issue tight haircuts, Conor’s is long and tousled. He sports two black eyes, making him lo like a panda. Darren has acne, buck teeth, braces and bifocals. His face is a mess. They are both looking across the road. We don’t see at wh
0) 1) dialog: Who's she?
0) 3) dialog: She’s beautiful.
0) 5) dialog: Who says?
0) 7) dialog: (confused) You mean her number? (CONTINUED)
0) 9) dialog: Oh yeah? Why’s she standing there then? Darren shrugs. Conor takes a breath, sets off, crossing t road.
1) 0) text: We track with him over his shoulder, arriving at a 16 yea old GIRL, who is standing on the stoop of a HOUSE, an unl cigarette dangling from her purple lips. Conor stands in front of her. She has a great look: lots of black. Good makeup. Back-co hair. Early ‘80s teen-chic. She’s ahead of her time, and anything but ordinary.
1) 1) dialog: Need a light?
1) 3) dialog: Cool. I don’t have any matches anyway. Silence. He doesn’t go away.
1) 4) dialog: Why aren’t you at school?
1) 6) dialog: Cool. Like, for magazines, and stuff?
1) 8) dialog: Yeah. I know. (CONTINUED)
1) 10) dialog: Oh yeah, I meant to ask- do you want to be in a video? For my band?
1) 12) dialog: Yes. And we need a girl for it. There’s like a story. It’s called a “Story-Board” video. You could be the girl. In the story. If you’re free. Have you been in a video before?
1) 14) dialog: I hope not. I’1l ask the producer.
1) 16) dialog: That kid behind me. She looks over his shoulder, pulling onto Darren, who wav nonchalantly.
1) 18) dialog: Saturday after next. I can call you with the details. If I had your digits. She puts the cigarette away, taking out her pen. He produ his journal, handing it to her. She flicks through it, it full of thoughts and drawings.
1) 19) dialog: Lyrics.
1) 21) dialog: I’m not singing here. (CONTINUED)
1) 23) dialog: What?
2) 1) dialog: We need to form a band... Freeze Frame. A loud, energetic punk song crashes in on t track. SONG and titles run over:
2) 13) dialog: What “education situation”?
2) 15) dialog: (excited) What?!
2) 17) dialog: Why!?
2) 20) dialog: Cuts? I’m already wearing three jumpers, indoors. And a hat. I read by candlelight! And it’s the 1980s. I’m like Tiny Tim up there! Brendan laughs.
2) 28) dialog: Who are the Christian Brothers?
2) 33) dialog: You can’t just change in the middle of the year. Just when I’m making friends and settling in. This could scar me. Long-term!
2) 35) text: Brendan gets up. He squeezes Conor’s shoulder, big broth style, and exits. His parents go about their business. We push in on Conor, alone. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE (CONTINUOUS) - DAY The door slams as Conor exits his house, zipping up his jacket. He marches down the driveway. He wears brown cord with a slight flare to them. Leather shoes. Jumper. This is a leafy suburb of Dublin. Middle class, safe, protected. But Conor’s house stands out. It has seen bett days. It needs a new coat of paint, and the garden could with a mow. A car is parked in the driveway, but hasn’t b used in a good while. Three push bikes are leaning agains the gate instead. He walks up the street with his hands in his pockets.
3) 0) text: This is a large sports ground in a leafy Jesuit school. N red brick buildings, very peaceful. It’s the weekend, and students are practicing track, rugby, cricket. A big copp beech tree shades the Cricket Training net. Conor is at the wicket, bat in hand. Two FRIENDS are play with him. They all speak with posh, South-side accents.
3) 1) dialog: So guys, I’m not coming back after the break.
3) 3) dialog: The old pair are moving me to a different school.
3) 5) dialog: They say they have no money. The ball whizzes past him. He misses by a mile, throwing the bat in frustration. They take a break.
3) 6) dialog: But we still hang out, yeah?
3) 11) dialog: Synge Street. His friends exchange looks after they see he’s not joking
3) 12) dialog: What?? It can’t be that bad? One of them mock-hugs him.
4) 0) text: Conor is sitting in a cosy, large office. Across from him his history teacher, and headmaster, FATHER WAITS (late 5 Fr. Waits smokes a pipe, sitting on the edge of his desk. is prematurely grey, and has a warm, understanding appearance. His SECRETARY, a heavy woman in her fifties, in an anteroom, typing, off.
4) 2) dialog: No more rugby. No cricket practice. Debating. School plays??
4) 5) dialog: Yeah, like flick knife practice. And corporal punishment.
4) 7) dialog: I've heard it is. I can’t do corporal punishment. I’m light- boned. Father Waits laughs. Though Conor is wise-cracking, he’s clearly genuinely nervous. Father Waits gets up, putting a hand on Conor’s shoulder walking him to the door.
5) 0) text: A church on a school campus. 30 choir boys are at choir practice on the alter. They are dressed in their own clot There is no congregation. It’s Saturday rehersal. They si BACH. We slowly ZOOM in to Conor, who is standing on the edges the back row. He sings, but is lost in thought. A TEACHER is conducting them.
6) 0) text: Conor walks past Synge Street School that evening. The ga are open. The deserted school looms grey and forboding in dusk sky. He pushes the gate open and enters, looking aro Litter rolls like tumbleweed across the pot-holed yard. Stripped-down bicycle frames remain locked to the outdoor bike shed. Old windows rattle in the wind. (CONTINUED)
6) 1) text: The walls read like a tabloid newspaper: “IRA” “BRITS OUT “JENNY GREEN IS A SLUT ” are among the headlines. The playing field of his previous school is another world INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - EVENING Back in his house, we are in Brendan's attic lair. As far away from the rest of the house as possible. This small r is a shrine to music and art. And hash. We have numerous ash trays. A homemade hammock. Posters o bands on the walls. Shelves of books on pop art, philosop and music. A poster of SIGMUND FREUD on the wall next to bed. A voice bubble has been drawn in, saying “It’s all y mother’s fault”. A portable TV on a box. An acoustic guitar with two strin But most importantly, a huge collection of Vinyl. Proudly alphabetized. The only thing so in Brendan's life. The windows are blacked out with hanging blankets, and th lighting is low; easy on the eternally stoned eye. Brendan sits in his huge, collapsed armchair in a mist of marijuana smoke, a king of his own domain. He is taking a drag from one. The door is ajar. Outside, Conor knocks.
6) 2) dialog: You in there?
6) 4) dialog: I don’t know. The kitchen?
6) 11) dialog: How do I do that?
6) 13) dialog: I feel like I’m going to prison.
6) 15) dialog: How do you mean?
6) 17) dialog: Do you? Why aren’t you asleep? Brendan just laughs at this, as if sleep would be ridicul
6) 21) text: The cave is under threat, brother. From monsters. Conor is genuinely concerned.
6) 22) dialog: What monsters? Brendan finds a record that is pertinent, opening it, and carefully rubbing his sleeve off the vinyl.
6) 24) dialog: That’s a four-headed monster.
6) 26) dialog: And what happened?
7) 0) text: Song playing loud. Monday morning. Almost in answer to his brother’s questio Conor walks into the gate of the school. Numerous kids ha gathered in packs. Conor has to walk a gauntlet of new fa Heads turn towards the newcomer. There is something of a stranger arriving at a new town in a Western. But this is Western, and the stomping song tells us so. Conor’s three quarter length smart coat and long curly hair draws laugh He is also carrying a soft, brown leather satchel, which doesn’t help. Kids smoke in circles. Kids spit on the ground. Further into the walk, a fight is just breaking out, anda small circle is gathering. Two boys beat it out. Bloody n and fists. Conor speeds up as he passes. He notices that above them, at a second story window, a BROTHER (50s), in black suit and white collar, is watching the fight down below. He does nothing about it. One KID has a dead RAT skewered on the end of a stick. He chases other kids around with it. He finally throws it at Conor. It hits him on the side of the head. Others laugh. The song ends as he enters the school. The back of his co is covered in spit. INT. CLASSROOM — DAY Conor sits in a large, drafty classroom, looking around. windows rattle in the wind. Worn, wooden floorboards underfoot. The desks are mismatched. Two kids per desk. T is a class of about 35 kids. BROTHER BARNABAS (70), in a black gown and white collar, writes Latin on the blackboard. Even with his hearing aid, he can’t hear kids chatting, laughing and fighting when his back is turned. Conor sits in the middle, amazed. To his left, at the bac class, a boy smokes a cigarette, blowing the smoke out th sash window beside him. To his right, two BOYS hold down another, as a fourth far in his mouth, closing it, and making him swallow. Another kid is getting an Indian ink tattoo: IRA, on his hand. (CONTINUED)
7) 9) dialog: On the continent. Above Spain.
7) 11) dialog: My parents took us there. One summer. In the car. Other kids laugh, jealously.
7) 14) dialog: Yes.
7) 16) dialog: Conor Lawlor. Laughter. Conor looks around, all eyes on him. Brother Ba is impressed.
7) 18) dialog: Thank you.
7) 21) dialog: I don’t have black shoes, Sir. Brother Baxter pauses at the door. The class goes silent. is not used to being questioned like this.
7) 23) text: Conor leans into the BOY sitting next to him, MICK MAHON, really tough kid with a buzz cut and a gold stud earring.
7) 24) dialog: Sorry, but where did he say the restaurant was?
7) 26) dialog: The restaurant? The cafeteria?
7) 28) dialog: Yeah. Of course. Mick just shakes his head in amazement.
8) 0) text: Little break. Kids play football with a punctured football. Others sit walls eating sweets. Conor wanders about on his own looki for the canteen. He passes by the alleyway towards the P. hall. From behind the bike sheds, a low whistle catches h attention. Down the alley way is a 15 year-old. He has a cigarette i his hand. He has a skin head. His uniform is dirty and to short for him. He wears scuffed loafers and a green bombe jacket.
8) 2) dialog: Oh. Occasionally. I’m not really a smoker. My brother is, and I sometimes take a little of his tobacco, if my friends are over. And my dad used to smoke a pipe. But he gave up.
8) 4) text: Conor follows the kid, who enters a prefab marked TOILETS INT. THE BOY’S TOILET’S (CONTINUOUS) - DAY This is a stinking prefabricated building, with a row of urinals across from three cubicles. The floor is sticky a wet. Conor follows the KID in. He puts a cigarette in his mouth.
8) 6) dialog: Nah, I’m okay. I’1l just watch you. I've already had a couple this morning. The kid pulls a Black Widow catapult from inside his bomb jacket, and a large marble.
8) 9) dialog: What?
8) 11) dialog: No. You must have me mixed up with someone else.
8) 13) dialog: What?
8) 15) dialog: Are you serious? The kid aims the catapult at a light bulb, and fires, hit it perfectly, re-loading and pointing it back at Conor. (CONTINUED)
8) 16) text: Conor starts a merry jig. The KID watches for a while, hi catapult ready.
8) 18) dialog: What?
8) 20) dialog: No.
8) 22) dialog: No, I’m not doing that. Silence. To his surprise, the kid disarms his catapult.
9) 0) text: Conor is in a basement building. No windows. It’s lit wit fluorescent lights. Kids of all ages muck about. There’s ping pong table with no net or bats. There’s a tuck shop candy bars and a dinner lady deep frying chips at a windo Music plays through a small ghetto blaster. Many kids are smoking. Conor heads for the tuck shop window, joining a rowdy que while searching for enough change in his pockets. He manages to get 25 pence together and exchanges it for Mars bar. As he turns to exit, the KID from the toilet is standing right behind him. He taps him on the shoulder. C turns around. People watch on, knowing that something is brewing. The KID lets Conor have it, right on the eye. It’s a good shot. People wince. Conor goes down on the ground. The KID picks up Conor’s Mars Bar and rips it open; takes bite and throws away the rest. He turns and swaggers off. People clear the way from him, keeping their distance. (CONTINUED)
9) 1) text: The bell rings and everyone starts to shuffle off back to class, some of them step over Conor, laughing. As the room empties out, we hear a voice, off:
10) 0) text: Conor, now in the company of Darren, walks back towards h classroom, holding his eye.
10) 1) dialog: So you were there? In the toilets?
10) 4) dialog: Conor. Who is that psycho?
10) 6) dialog: What?
10) 8) dialog: Why?
10) 10) dialog: How do you know him? (CONTINUED)
10) 11) text: We hold on Conor, looking increasingly worried. Synge is certainly living up to its reputation.
10) 14) dialog: There’s no number on it.
10) 16) dialog: This is my class. Where are you?
10) 18) dialog: Right. How’s that going to work, in business?
10) 20) dialog: What about telling the Brothers?
10) 22) text: Conor heads back into class. The door slams behind him wi menacing “SLAM” INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Penny stands in the hallway, shouting upstairs.
11) 0) text: Brendan and Conor burst into the sitting room. Their fath is sitting at the table drinking a whiskey. The collar of jacket is turned up, and he has a scarf on. In front of h a few architectural drawings, draftsman kit, sliding rule etc. He is sketching plans for a building that will never built. Numerous photographs of Brendan are framed and around the place. As a baby. A young boy. A handsome teenager. Etc. Brendan was the golden boy. Brendan turns on the TV as he and Conor take seats on the couch.
11) 5) text: On the TV, the video for Duran Duran’s “Rio” begins. Cono glued to the screen as Brendan lectures on the clothes, video, song, and lyrics. Conor is an enthusiastic student
11) 14) dialog: Yeah Robert. (CONTINUED)
11) 19) dialog: Wow, a saxophone solo.
11) 30) dialog: Right.
11) 33) dialog: Really?
12) 0) text: Conor walks into school. He is keeping a low profile, wal in by the wall as the madness carries on all around him. Up ahead, he runs into Brother Baxter. He looks him up an down. We TILT down to reveal... BROWN SHOES. Hold on Brother Baxter’s face. An inscrutable look. Deep shock that his warning would be ignored. 26. INT. BROTHER BAXTER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Brother Baxter sits behind his large desk in his office. little in this room, except a statue of the Virgin Mary, a cross. On the other side of the desk, Conor. Silence.
12) 2) dialog: About the shoes? Brother Baxter just nods.
12) 3) dialog: Well, I brought it up with my mum. But she said we couldn't afford another pair of shoes at the moment. I bought these before I knew about the shoe colour policy here at Synge Street. But it’s not as if these are runners or something. They’re brown. They’re quite sensible.
12) 5) dialog: I’m not sure... What you want me to do. They’re shoes. They keep the rain out.
12) 7) dialog: What?
13) 0) text: Close on a pair of stockinged feet. Conor walks down the corridor in his socks. Kids laugh. What is going on. 27.
14) 0) text: Now Conor walks through puddles in the yard. His socks ar already developing holes.
15) 0) text: Conor sits in art class. This class is made up of about twelve kids. Including Conor. There’s some interesting ar the walls. Conor rubs his feet together, trying to keep w MISS DUNNE (40s), sits on the corner of her desk. She has curvy figure, and a mane of dyed blonde hair. She has a Dublin accent. She has a scented candle lit on her desk. few flowers in a glass.
15) 11) dialog: Oh. I don’t have black shoes. So I have to leave my brown ones in Brother Baxter’s office every day until I get some. She shakes her head.
16) 0) text: Conor enters the canteen in his bare feet. He looks aroun Up ahead in a little group, he sees Barry. He musters up courage, and approaches, tapping him on the shoulder. Bar Bray turns around. Other kids notice this.
16) 1) dialog: Hey. I understand that you’re in pain. That there is a conflict within you. And that can’t be easy to deal with in this school. You publicly humiliated me. So now, I publicly forgive you. Barry Bray.
17) 0) text: Conor now has the TWO black eyes of the opening scene. Da stands beside him. He marches off towards the GIRL across the street. We hol Darren this time. In a few moments, Conor returns:
17) 1) dialog: We need to form a band... 29.
18) 0) text: Conor and Darren stand at the front door of a small, run- cottage on a narrow lane way. They are not wearing their school uniforms. It’s out of school. Darren knocks on the knocker.
18) 6) dialog: Wow! Where did you get all this gear??
18) 12) dialog: Wow. So/ But Eamon isn’t finished. SIX more very quick shots. Eamon is playing an African Balaphone. Next, he’s playing an Indian flute. Then the Uilleann pipes. Then a shaker. Then a Conga drum. Finally he is done. He’s clearly something of a prodigy.
18) 14) dialog: (thinking on his feet) I’m more of a singer. Eamon waits for him to go on.
18) 15) dialog: And I write songs. Well, I mean, lyrics. Words. But I haven’t put them to music yet.
18) 18) dialog: (interrupting) No way. You’ve got to be IN the band. You're amazing. Right Darren?
18) 21) dialog: I don’t know yet. (CONTINUED)
18) 24) dialog: I’m a futurist.
18) 26) dialog: Like no nostalgia. Not like your dad's band. Not looking backwards. Just forwards.
18) 28) dialog: (not knowing them) Okay.
18) 30) dialog: (bluffing) Right. Eamon sure knows his stuff.
18) 32) dialog: (beat, then parroting Brendan) The jury is out on which way those guys will go. They’re a lot of fun, and James Taylor is one of the most proficient bass players in the UK right now, giving them a funky edge. Silence. Eamon is impressed, even though Conor has got Jo Taylor’s name wrong.
18) 34) dialog: Yea. John. Of course. They stand there, sizing each other up. (CONTINUED)
18) 41) dialog: Okay.
18) 53) dialog: How about Mondays and Wednesdays after school.
18) 56) dialog: No. You?
19) 4) dialog: Why?
19) 6) dialog: You can’t say Golliwog.
19) 8) dialog: Trust me. You just can’t. Darren looks to Eamon for this. Eamon shakes his head, agreeing with Conor. Darren shrugs.
19) 9) dialog: Anyway what if he can’t play anything?
20) 0) text: Conor, Eamon and Darren knock on the door of a small hous a shitty housing estate. In a moment, an enormous, beauti woman answers the door. She speaks in a strong Nigerian accent, wearing colorful headgear and dress. They’ve neve seen anything like it.
20) 7) dialog: No. But we're in his school. And we're putting a band together. Does he play any instruments?
20) 16) dialog: Would you have any interest in being in a band? He clearly is.
21) 1) text: It is hard to read the number, as the poster is covered i array of Spunking Dick drawings. INT. EAMON’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Conor sings into a microphone. Eamon plays rhythm guitar. Garry fingers a bass guitar. His twin brother Larry sits behind the drum kit. Ngig cycles through sounds on an ear synthesizer. He has no real idea what he’s doing. Conor is hesitant and nervous. Though he can sing, he has zero presence. It’s chaos. They are all dressed in their school uniforms look awful. TRACK down to find a tape casette recorder on a chair in middle of them. It is RECORDING. The song ends.
21) 7) dialog: It’s not the song. It’s us. It was all over the place. Let’s try it again.
22) 5) dialog: I have an idea. What about “La vie”. Silence. Darren looks at him, witheringly.
22) 7) dialog: It French for “The Life”
22) 9) dialog: (beat) “C'est nes pas le nom du groupe”
22) 12) dialog: I like that. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - NIGHT Song continues. (CONTINUED)
22) 13) text: Pull out from Brendan's tape machine. Conor is playing hi brother his first demo tape. The tape reads “SING STREET” DEMO 1. If it sounded bad live this afternoon, it sounds worse played back on a small tape machine. Conor chews his nails in anticipation of his big brother' response. Brendan finally ejects the tape before it’s ove
22) 15) dialog: You know you can record over tapes?
22) 18) dialog: What?
22) 20) dialog: (thinking) Oh. Yes. The girl. Right. Okay.
22) 22) dialog: I suppose. But we’re just starting out. We need to learn how to play.
22) 26) dialog: Really?
22) 28) dialog: I don’t know how to write a song. Brendan now has a large pile of records in his arms. He points at the door.
22) 30) dialog: Really? I have school in the morning.
22) 34) dialog: (reading) “Well she’s standing on the corner. Like an angel in disguise. And I want to try and warn her, but She’s got dangerous eyes.”
22) 36) dialog: I don’t know.
22) 38) dialog: It’s like, when you don’t know someone, they’re more interesting. They can be anything you want them to be. It’s like you know them better, when you don’t know them. You know?
22) 40) dialog: “The Riddle of the model”
22) 42) dialog: Nice. Slow it down a little. Conor tries this lyric over it. Eamon drops to an F, and starts to sound like something. They smile at the change. Conor takes out a pen from his school bag, adding a lyric Eamon continues to play. We start to see how this might work- Conor the director/lyricist/visionary, Eamon the pragmatic musical prodigy. The sound of their first song coming together plays over following scenes. Just guitar and voice for now.
23) 1) text: Conor sits at the back of Irish class. The TEACHER reads SAYERS while sitting behind his desk. Conor writes feveri in his notebook, looking out the window for inspiration. teacher calls a BOY up to his desk, and slaps him, really hard across the face. ( SCENE 41 INTENTIONALLY DELETED )
24) 0) text: Conor writes in his bed. His parents rowing on the corrid off.
25) 0) text: Song over. The song plays over as Conor walks across the street. Fro his satchel he produces a casette tape as he meets the GI standing on her stoop smoking. He hands her the tape. (CONTINUED)
25) 3) dialog: That’s the song. I mentioned it to you.
25) 5) dialog: You should probably learn the lyrics. So you can lip sync. We're shooting down the lane at the back of Quinnsworth. This Saturday. At 12 o'clock. See you there. He nods, not waiting for a response. She blows smoke, watching him go. Then she looks at the tape in her hand.
26) 0) text: By moonlight, Conor, Darren and Eamon peel back a sheet o corrugated metal at the back of school. This allows them gap to slip through into the yard.
28) 0) text: The three of them sneak down a basement corridor. Conor guides them with a clunky bicycle lamp. They arrive at a door. A handwritten sign says “Audio Visual Room”. Darren tries numerous keys until he gets the right one. T open it.
29) 0) text: This is hardly a room at all. More like a broom closet. Conor's torch reveals a steel shelving unit, bare, except the camera and VCR machine on the top shelf. And three or four VHS tapes. They start taking it down.
31) 3) dialog: (worried) I don’t know.
32) 0) text: Conor is dressed as a low-budget New Romantic. A mash-up ideas from a cross section of TV. Nothing quite works. He wearing sunglasses, bangles, his father’s long overcoat w the sleeves rolled up, and a blouse that definitely belon to his mum. Eamon is dressed in his Dad’s show-band uniform. A purple velvet suit that is way too big for him. He’s a little Au Powers.
32) 3) dialog: Coming from the one who wants to look like The Village People.
32) 8) dialog: Yeah, we’re just working that out. Maybe you can help.
32) 10) dialog: We don’t have a wardrobe person.
32) 12) dialog: Em... We don’t really have...
32) 16) dialog: What did you think of the song?
32) 18) dialog: Pretty much. Eamon wrote most of the music.
32) 20) dialog: Just a girl, I see her about.
32) 23) dialog: What?
32) 25) dialog: Really?
33) 0) text: All of the band are now wearing makeup. It’s a little ful on, but they look sort of cool. Conor directs Darren as to what the shot will be, referri to his notebook. Darren looks through the viewfinder.
33) 1) dialog: Okay, so we’re playing here. Raphina is standing over there, against the wall. I go up to her. Start singing to her. Make sure to pan up to her eyes, when I sing “She's got Dangerous eyes”.
33) 3) dialog: Okay. A zoom, whatever.
33) 5) dialog: Can you do that?
33) 7) dialog: Cool. So then, for the chorus, you walk off, and I follow. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
33) 10) dialog: Okay, so then I follow her up the lane. Keeping behind her. Then we'll go around and get that angle in front.
33) 12) dialog: “Well she’s standing on the corner. Like an angel in disguise. And I'd really like to warn her. But she’s got dangerous eyes.” Darren crash zooms into her eyes. Raphina closes them, sh has little lightening flashes on her lids.
33) 13) dialog: “Well she tells me she’s a model. Of international reputation. She’s lightening in a bottle. But there's a stipulation...” She sets off and Conor follows her. Darren walks backward front of them. Conor yells “Cut”, and makes some adjustments. Ngig has m his synthesiser and stand about three feet to try get in back of Conor’s shot.
33) 14) dialog: Cool. How does it look Darren?
33) 20) dialog: And it’s not too shaky when you're following us?
33) 22) dialog: Okay, take 2! FIRST VIDEO. SHOT ON ACTUAL EARLY VHS. Here we see their actual results, edited crudely together INTRO: Some zooms into hands playing instruments. Keyboar Bass. Guitar. Ngig is wearing leather gloves. FIRST VERSE: Conor breaks away from the band, singing int camera in front of Raphina. Ngig edges into his shot. Four quick shots of each band member turning their heads looking into camera. Raphina signing autographs for the band members, over the line “She has an international reputation”.
33) 26) dialog: (under his breath) Oh shit. Barry and THE MAN pass them, THE MAN slowing down to chec out what’s going on. He looks like he’s had a few cans already.
33) 28) dialog: A video for a band. Hi Barry. Barry shrugs.
34) 0) text: Raphina diverts his attention back to the viewfinder. On screen, Conor begins singing. Raphina smiles at him. She grabs his hand in excitement as she appears on screen. An doesn’t let go. Conor looks down at his hand in hers.
35) 0) text: Conor is cycling his rusty racer through the city. Raphin sitting on the cross bar, holding on to the handlebars, enjoying the wind in her hair.
35) 2) dialog: Not far from the school. Harcourt Terrace?
35) 5) dialog: Yeah. Though we might be moving. My parents are broke. That’s why they sent me to that school.
35) 7) dialog: Speak for yourself. Your house is massive! She is silent.
35) 8) dialog: And my parents are probably splitting up.
35) 10) dialog: Oh yeah. It’s sort of intense being around them. They’1l probably get separate flats. We’ll live between two places. Me and my brother. Which will be cool. I’m like “Guys, split up, you’re killing each other”. He is experimenting with this. It is not how he feels abo it at all.
35) 12) dialog: (bluffing) A bit, yeah. He doesn’t quite know what she means, as they pull up out her house across from the school. She jumps off the bike.
35) 14) dialog: Right. He has no idea what she means. Though intrigued, he is po enough not to ask. (CONTINUED)
35) 19) dialog: How do you do.
35) 22) dialog: I’m a futurist.
35) 27) text: Conor stands around. Suddenly, he feels very young and se conscious. And he’s wearing his mother’s blouse. He looks over towards the gate on her house. As he passes he sees a detail he missed before. It’s a small sign on t gate. It reads
35) 29) dialog: You have to imagine it’s not as...
35) 32) dialog: (delighted) Really?
35) 34) dialog: Really?
35) 38) dialog: Yeah?
35) 40) dialog: What? No way.
35) 42) dialog: She’s a year older than me. And anyway, she’s got a boyfriend.
35) 44) dialog: Evan Adams. He’s like, a grown man. He has a car and all, and stubble.
35) 46) dialog: She's not really like a kid. We hold on Brendan. He doesn’t like the sound of this. He pulled three albums out of his collection. He hands them Conor.
35) 47) dialog: What’s this?
35) 51) dialog: Well it seemed like he was. They pulled off in his car, music blaring. He’s pretty cool.
35) 53) dialog: Genesis?
35) 55) dialog: Really?
35) 59) dialog: What? Why?
35) 61) dialog: She doesn’t drive. What’s wrong with that?
36) 1) text: Conor free wheels. He is preoccupied. In his satchel over shoulder, the three albums. EXT. SYNGE STREET - RAPHINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor cruises by Raphina’s house. He leans against a tree still sitting on his bike. He’s not sure what he’s doing here. He is about to cycle off, when the Ford Granada pulls up, Raphina gets out, crossing over to the driver’s door. Eva Adams holds onto her hand, pulling her back. She laughs, pulls away, making her way up her steps. He accelerates o wheel spinning, burning rubber. She rings the doorbell. I moment, a WOMAN (60s) opens the door and lets her in. Across the street, Conor checks his watch. Just coming up 9 pm. He cycles off. EXT. EAMON’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor knocks on the front door of Eamon’s house. Checks h watch hoping it’s not too late. In a moment, Eamon answers, carrying a rabbit.
36) 3) dialog: I don’t know. What are you doing?
36) 5) dialog: Do you want to write a song? Eamon opens the door wider, meaning, YES. INT. EAMON’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Eamon sleeps in the attic room. The room is covered in posters of bands and football teams. And some rabbits. Conor and Eamon are studying the records, playing and replaying parts. Now they are working on a song. They are laughing and hav a good time. Conor writes words down. Eamon tries differe chords. They record parts on a tape machine. 59. EXT. SYNGE STREET - RAPHINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor returns down Raphina’s street. He pulls up outside house across the school, and walks through her gate, clim the steps. He takes a brown envelope covered in sellotape from insid his jacket and looks at it.
37) 0) text: The song cross cuts with Conor cycling at night through t FADE TO BLACK. 61.
38) 0) text: Music plays over as Conor turns the corner into the schoo gates. There is a little confidence in his step this time He has bleached his hair blonde, and styled it so this fa over his eyes a little in a NEW ROMANTIC way. He is wearing a little mascara and a little shadow. Peopl stare at him. As he passes us, we PULL onto BROTHER Baxte who watches from above. INT. ART CLASSROOM -— DAY Conor sits in art class. He is painting a picture of his band. Miss Dunne leans over his shoulder.
38) 2) dialog: My band.
38) 4) dialog: I don’t know yet! What about “La Vie”. It’s French for “The life”.
39) 0) text: Conor follows the fifth former as he marches across the e yard. He looks over his shoulder at Conor.
39) 2) dialog: Bit of make up. I’m in a band. What do you think Brother Baxter wants? (CONTINUED)
39) 7) dialog: With what?
39) 9) dialog: Oh. Well, I checked the rule book. The one you mentioned, about the brown shoes? I couldn't find anything about makeup. Or altering hair colour. He shrugs. He lifts his foot up, revealing the newly pain black shoes.
39) 10) dialog: I painted them. With paint from the art room. Brother Baxter doesn’t even look at them. He is seething underneath.
39) 12) dialog: Why?
39) 15) dialog: I’m in a band now. A school band. And I think it’s important for us to have a “look”.
39) 17) dialog: Yeah, but why not? Like, people in the 18th century would have worn make up. So that means that people like Mozart would have. And he was a man.
39) 20) dialog: Who's Salieri?
39) 22) dialog: I don’t want special treatment. At all.
39) 25) dialog: I’m going to go back to class now. Conor exits. We hold on Brother Baxter. 64.
40) 0) text: Conor exits the office, but Brother Baxter is hot on his tail. He grabs Conor by the hair, and drags him down the corridor. Conor shouts and wriggles, but BB means busines It’s like a red mist has descended over him. He slaps him couple of times across the side of the head. Other kids l on, clearing the way. BB kicks in the door to the students’ bathroom, pushing C through in front of him.
41) 0) text: Conor falls into the toliets. BB follows, picking him up forcing him over to one of the sinks.
41) 1) dialog: You can’t do this!
42) 0) text: Conor is back in regular class. He has makeup stains unde his eyes, and his hair is wet. He looks like a drowned ra He is shivering, but holding back tears. All eyes are on Some giggling, others shocked. He looks very alone. 65.
43) 0) text: Students exit the main gate at the end of the day. Conor pushes his bike out. To his surprise, Raphina is leaning against the school ga up ahead. She is listening to music on massive, 1970s-style headpho with a curly lead. They are plugged into her battery oper tape player from home. She’s smoking a cigarette. She gives him a wave and one of her killer smiles. Just seeing her lifts him.
43) 2) dialog: Who?
43) 4) dialog: Right. What are you doing here?
43) 6) dialog: Oh. Nothing. (off her tape machine) Does that work?
43) 8) dialog: Wow. Portable music. She smiles. Links his arm, and walks off with him.
44) 0) text: A small, city centre park. Some kids play on the swings. Others drink cider and smoke on a bench. Conor and Raphin enter. (CONTINUED)
44) 3) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry.
44) 5) dialog: What if I don’t feel happy?
44) 7) dialog: Who's the guy, with the car?
44) 9) dialog: Yeah. Is he your boyfriend?
44) 11) dialog: Yeah. That's a good idea. Take a break for a year or so. Get some perspective.
44) 13) dialog: Yeah. Shit taste in music though. She smiles.
44) 16) dialog: Yeah. And what’s in it for Evan? She pauses, falling behind.
44) 18) dialog: Why would I be jealous?
44) 20) dialog: What if I don’t feel happy?
44) 23) dialog: Oh yeah, so what’s that house like, where you live?
44) 25) dialog: Cool. So... where are your parents?
44) 27) dialog: Oh my God. Sorry.
44) 30) dialog: Why?
44) 33) dialog: So, like, “Happy/Sad"?
44) 36) dialog: Okay. When are you going?
44) 38) dialog: ..+-what did she mean by that?
44) 40) dialog: (Half-getting it) Right. Happy/sad. (CONTINUED)
44) 43) dialog: I don’t know. She’s not even my girlfriend.
44) 45) dialog: I think she’s just an amazing human being. I’ve never seen anything like her. The way she talks. And looks. She wears these sunglasses, and when she takes them off, her eyes, it’s like the clouds clearing past the moon. And sometimes, I just want to cry looking at her. Brendan pauses, smiling. Brendan has taken a new album down from his shelf. He sli out the record, and throws the sleeve to Conor. An 80’s b all dressed in black, looking gloomy. Conor is mesmerized their look.
45) 0) text: As the song continues, Conor walks through the school gat He is with Eamon and Darren. Conor is now dressed in a lo black overcoat. (CONTINUED)
45) 4) dialog: It means that we’re not pop anymore.
45) 6) dialog: That's fine. Be who you are, Eamon.
45) 9) dialog: (stopping) It means that I’m stuck in this shithole, full of morons and rapists and bullies, and I’m going to deal with it. Okay? It’s just how life is now. And I'm going to try and accept that and get on with it, and make some art!
45) 12) dialog: Positively.
46) 1) text: They are carrying the camera, and a few props- picture fr and paint brushes. The band are all Cure Heads now, and l quite good. But it’s low-budget Cure Heads. Conor and Rap sit across the aisle from them. Music plays over, as they ride out towards the sea. A welcome break from the city. Conor watches the sun burst behind Raphina’s profile. He smiles, taking out the camera and filming her. Conor describes to the gang what this video will be about reading from his journal...
46) 2) dialog: So the idea of this video is about a guy standing halfway down a pier. And a beautiful woman walks past him. Towards the lighthouse. Half an hour later, she hasn’t come back. So he investigates. But she’s gone.
46) 4) dialog: There’s nowhere to go. And yet she’s not there?
46) 7) dialog: Correct. She’s really sad.
46) 9) dialog: Yeah. That’s better.
47) 0) text: The band have set up their gear at the end of the pier, looking out to the Irish sea. Conor is framing up the cam (CONTINUED)
47) 2) dialog: Okay, so we’re playing here, and Raphina walks past. Then I’1l show you where you can jump off. From here it will look like you've gone into the sea. He shows Raphina and the others a little ledge behind the wall, where it will appear as though she’s dropped into t sea, but is in fact just on the other side.
47) 4) dialog: You'll have to dip your head down to make it look real. The others look doubtful, including Raphina.
47) 5) dialog: Trust me.
48) 0) text: They are halfway through another song, miming to playback Darren is operating the camera. They all look very gloomy introspective; ala The Cure, staring down at the ground, barely playing their instruments. But the song is brilliant. Darren holds up the picture fr in front of the musicians in separate shots. Conor stands with his hands in his pockets. Now Raphina enters frame, walking towards the end of the pier. She pauses for a moment, and NGIG holds up a picture fram front of her as she walks. She is mouthing the lyrics. As gets to the end of the pier, she stares out to sea dramatically. Conor is watching her in the background, singing. Then she jumps. But NOT onto the ledge. In fact, she jump way past it and into the sea. For a moment, Conor hasn’t seen what’s happened. He goes singing. But Darren looks up from the viewfinder.
48) 2) text: Conor looks over towards the wall. No sign of Raphina.
48) 3) dialog: Shit! He breaks away from the group and runs over, jumping up o the wall. Down below, Raphina is struggling in the choppy water.
48) 4) dialog: What the hell??
48) 7) dialog: What? Behind him, Darren runs with the camera and tripod. He ha heard her, and is rolling. Now the camera is on Conor.
48) 8) dialog: What’1ll I do?
48) 11) dialog: What?
48) 13) dialog: But my clothes??
48) 15) dialog: You mean the character or actual you?
49) 0) text: Down below, Conor pulls her onto the safety of the ledge she spits mouth fulls of water.
49) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ! What were you thinking?
49) 4) dialog: Can you really not swim?
49) 6) dialog: Then why did you do that?
49) 8) dialog: Sorry... I... I’m sorry. That was...
49) 10) dialog: (happy ) Was it? What about Evan? (CONTINUED)
50) 0) text: The gang haul their gear back up the pier. Conor and Raph fall back. Raphina is looking out to sea.
50) 1) dialog: You know, on a clear day you can actually see the mainland of England? Ireland is actually only 30 Miles from the coast of Wales. It has to have just rained. No dust in the air. Then you can just about see it.
50) 3) dialog: My grandad worked on the ships to Holyhead. He used to bring me out here. We used to go out on his little boat. Fishing.
50) 6) dialog: My brother says all the great artists had to get off this island. The ones who stayed just got depressed. Or turned into alcoholics.
50) 8) dialog: Well, he’s kind of like my dad ina way. He seems to be the only one who cares how I turn out. Like take music- when we were kids, we shared a room- and he’d play me records every night. Falling asleep. He said that way, the music entered into your subconscious. He’s a bit mad like that.
50) 10) text: (watching her) 77. Look at her. She races home in the evening to get that last little of sun. She sits there and reads the evening paper. She’s always bit talking about a holiday to Spain. But he never takes her. This is she gets. Then that tall tree blocks it, and she comes in. I all often wonder what she’s thinking about. We hold on Conor, watching his mother.
51) 0) text: Conor walks with the band through school. massive sunglasses and a porkpie hat. The are a little ABC. Outside his class, they their individual classes. Conor joins his waiting with the rest of the class to get Conor.
51) 2) dialog: Good one, Barry. Is someone getting these down? You know who you’re like, Barry? Oscar Wilde.
51) 9) dialog: No you’re not. Because you don’t even exist.
51) 11) dialog: You're living in my world, I’m not living in yours. You’re just material for my songs.
51) 13) dialog: Go ahead Barry. Beat me up while you still have the power. This is the best year of your life. But it’1l all come crashing down when you leave school. You only have the power to stop things. But not to create. Barry doesn’t stop him. It’s a minor triumph for the little man. Conor joins the back of the group, on his own. Barry makes a wanker gesture with his fist. This bomb is diffused, but the battle is far from over.
52) 0) text: Conor is excitedly leading Darren and Eamon down a corrid towards the notice board. There’s a poster for the END-OF TERM disco. End of Term disco. School hall Fri 15th. DJ and lights! Tickets £2.
52) 2) dialog: I say we ask if we can play at it. Our first gig!
52) 4) dialog: Three weeks. (CONTINUED)
52) 7) dialog: We could be. We need a deadline. Something to prepare for.
52) 9) dialog: They're mid term exams. They mean nothing.
52) 11) dialog: Yes!
52) 13) dialog: We've got five songs. We need a half hour set. So three more... INT. CONOR’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Conor is working away with an acoustic guitar and noteboo and pen. He writes lyrics, trying them out.
52) 14) dialog: “Well the boots’s on the other foot now, Look alive we’re taking you down. Your curtain’s falling, take a bow”. As he plucks away on the acoustic, his composition is interrupted by raised voices, off.
52) 23) dialog: Who are you?
52) 25) dialog: Oh.
52) 27) dialog: Who’s the guy upstairs?
52) 29) dialog: You mean, sold?
52) 31) dialog: Are you people going your separate ways?
52) 34) dialog: A lot is wrong! Look at us. We’re lunatics who can hardly leave their bedroom. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
52) 37) dialog: Oh look. A For Sale sign.
52) 39) dialog: I’m going to band practice.
52) 41) dialog: Yeah. So?
52) 43) dialog: THIS is school. He walks out. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Conor marches past the For Sale sign, and off up the stre INT. EAMON’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Conor and the band finish off a song. In a moment, Eamon’ enters.
52) 50) dialog: Oh, Good, Miss. Well, yeah. Okay.
52) 52) dialog: Well we were going to play at the end of term disco, but now we've lost our rehersal space.
52) 54) dialog: He hates me. So I asked Brother Byrne for the P.E. Hall, but he said no. (CONTINUED)
52) 57) dialog: No?
52) 59) dialog: What?
52) 61) dialog: That'd be amazing, miss. She walks him out.
52) 64) dialog: (pausing) We are. He heads out.
53) 0) text: Conor takes the mid-term test. An exam supervisor stands the top of the hall looking at his watch.
53) 2) text: We see that Conor has given up, and is writing lyrics in journal instead.
54) 1) dialog: So I’ve got an idea for another video. Who’s free on Saturday?
54) 3) dialog: No I’m not. The others laugh in agreement. We know he is right.
54) 4) dialog: Shut up! Let me tell you what happens. EXT. SYNGE STREET - RAPHINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor walks up the steps to Raphina’s door. As he does so the front door opens silently, and Raphina sneaks out, carrying an overnight bag. She closes the door silently, bumping into him with a yelp. He laughs.
54) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
54) 8) dialog: Where are you going?
54) 11) dialog: Oh. We’re shooting another video. This Saturday. In the school. But it’s a really big one. We’ve got extras coming, from the girls school and everything. It’s going to be amazing.
54) 13) dialog: You have to come! I’ve got the whole video working out in my head. From down the street, the Ford Granada pulls up outside Raphina’s house. Evan is sitting in the driver seat. He doesn’t see them around the corner. Conor looks at the ca Then at Raphina’s overnight bag. Gets it.
54) 14) dialog: Come on. Let’s go. You don’t need to be with him.
54) 16) dialog: What’s so special about London? Jesus. It’s just there! It’s not like all your problems are going to go away because you’re in England!
54) 18) dialog: Just lets go. We’ll think of something.
55) 0) text: Conor exits the school, carrying his report card in his h Other kids study their’s. He meets Eamon, who is looking his at the school gate. Darren joins them.
55) 1) dialog: Did you do as badly as me? He shows Eamon his card. Fail. Fail. Fail.
55) 4) dialog: Well done!
55) 5) dialog: My ma is going to kill me. What are you going to say to yours?
55) 6) dialog: I haven't thought about it yet... They walk out. In the background, Barry tears his report in half and throws it away without even reading it. He th boxes another kid in the face and approaches Conor, Eamon Darren. He reaches in his school bag and takes out a homemade kni A metal bar with a plastic scalpel welded it to it.
55) 9) dialog: Why are you targeting me, Barry? What did I do to you?
55) 12) dialog: Is it because your brother beats you up? And you're taking it out on someone else. Like that day down the laneway?
55) 15) dialog: No, Brother. Brother Baxter just turns and re-enters his office, closi the door. Barry is as surprised as the rest of them. He l around, then skulks off.
56) 3) text: Conor reluctantly agrees. He gets up on stage.
56) 5) dialog: Okay, so everyone. This is like a school video. But not like an Irish school. More like an American school. And it’s the prom night. We'll rehearse it. He presses playback, and the band mime. Conor sings into microphone. But his eyes are on the door. We hear the fir verse. The band are really coming along. Conor is really developing some stage presence. Again, he looks towards the door. But this time... it ope Raphina is coming through. But she’s dressed up in an amazing, 1950's style prom dress. As she enters, we start notice that we are not in the classroom anymore. We are i huge school hall. It’s prom night in a big, American scho Conor's band are transformed on stage. All wearing cool, clothes. In this video, Conor's parents will arrive, all dressed u and happy together to see their son on stage. Brendan sho up, like Jimmy Dean in Rebel Without A Cause, and makes a fool of the bungling Brother Baxter. And Conor will defea the evil Barry, who is dressed like the lead Scorpion in Grease. Then the ENTIRE audience start a choreographed DANCE sequence, which brings us out. We pull out from the view finder, and find ourselves back the mean little classroom in Dublin. The group is huddled around the view finder. There’s no sign of Raphina. It’s been in Conor’s head.
56) 7) text: EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON Conor returns home. He pauses at the door, looking at his report card. He enters. INT.CONOR’S HOUSE —- HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS As Conor enters the hallway, he is met by his mother comi down the stairs.
56) 8) dialog: So before you get angry...
56) 20) dialog: So are you, like, getting a divorce?
56) 28) dialog: Maybe he’s right. Maybe this is what you needed to do, you know, to get back. Closer than before. Everyone looks at Conor. Suddenly seeing how young he is. how vulnerable.
56) 29) dialog: You don’t love Tony. You hardly know him. You got that job a few months ago. It’s just an excuse. A way of ending this relationship because you don’t know how to keep it together.
56) 31) dialog: So you were right.
56) 33) dialog: They’re our parents. They’re supposed to look after us. So we can do stuff.
56) 35) dialog: I was sort of hoping they’d come to my gig on Friday.
56) 38) dialog: Why is it stupid now?
56) 40) dialog: What is wrong with you?
56) 42) dialog: From what?
56) 44) dialog: Why?
56) 46) dialog: Like what?
56) 48) text: And that’s fine. But once, I was a fucking jet engine. On this, he takes a pile of Vinyl off the shelf and fling them across the room smashing them. Conor's eyes are glazing over.
56) 49) dialog: I‘1ll just be back in a second. I have to go to the toilet. He exits.
57) 0) text: Conor cries his eyes out in the toilet. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - MORNING Darren rings on Conor's bell. In a moment, Conor answers. is wearing his pyjamas.
57) 2) dialog: He’1l kill me.
58) 0) text: Conor follows Darren up the steps to the fourth floor of block of flats. They walk past numerous doors, stopping a one.
58) 4) dialog: We want to talk to you.
58) 24) dialog: We don’t have a-
59) 0) text: The three of them arrive at school. As they cross the roa Conor looks over his shoulder towards Raphina’s house. There’s a YOUNG GIRL walking back towards the house carry a bottle of milk. She’s been looking at them. But she qui looks away. We think we recognize her. But we’re not sure Conor double takes, then breaks away from the lads and ru towards her as she runs up the steps.
59) 1) dialog: Hey. Wait. But the girl hurries up. Conor catches her up. Spinning h around. It is Raphina. But a much younger looking Raphina wearing a dowdy jumper, stone washed jeans and trainers. hair hasn't been back-combed. She’s wearing no make up. S looks like a kid.
59) 3) dialog: Is it you?
59) 6) dialog: Raphina?
59) 8) dialog: No you're not. What are you doing? I thought you were in London?
60) 0) text: Conor and Raphina sit on a bench. She really does look different. Without the war paint and clothes, she’s lost something of herself.
60) 2) dialog: I thought he had booked tickets?
60) 4) dialog: So where is he now?
60) 6) dialog: So what are you going to do now?
60) 9) dialog: CVs for what?
60) 11) dialog: I’d fancy you no matter what, as long as you were happy.
60) 13) dialog: There’s nothing wrong with you. But you have to follow one dream at a time. I was actually happy I thought you were in London. Even though I was jealous. And I missed you. (beat) I have to go now. I have a gig to rehearse for. He gets up. She looks at him. Then gets up and they both wander back.
60) 15) dialog: It’s our first gig. At the school. Will you come? They chat as they wander off. We CRANE UP. INT. CONOR’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Conor sits down and picks up pad and pen. He thinks about what he wants to say. Then writes down TO FIND YOU. He starts writing a first verse. EXT. EAMON’S HOUSE - DAY 100. Eamon opens the door to his house. Conor’s is outside, wi his journal of lyrics.
60) 16) dialog: Want to write a song?
60) 19) dialog: Hi. I’m off to school. Got that gig tonight.
60) 21) dialog: Starts at 9.
60) 23) dialog: She's not my girlfriend. I don’t know. She’s totally unreliable. I might try and get a new girlfriend tonight. If the gig goes well like.
60) 25) dialog: Really.
60) 28) dialog: What happened?
60) 31) dialog: Maybe that’s what you'll do.
60) 33) dialog: When you get off your arse. Re-form a band? Write some lyrics. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY Conor passes through the kitchen. Penny and Robert are ea breakfast and reading the paper. Conor grabs a slice of toast and his school bag and goes to exit.
60) 34) dialog: Oh, I'll be late tonight. Neither of his parents look up.
60) 35) dialog: School gig.
60) 37) dialog: We’re on at around 9. Are you coming?
60) 39) dialog: Cool. Dad?
60) 41) dialog: At school. It’s a “school” gig. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Music over, as Conor cycles through streets. RAPHINA’S STOOP - DAY Conor drops in the envelope through Raphina’s door.
64) 0) text: Behind the stage is a little changing area, where our boy are assembled. They are dressed up. Conor wears pretty fu makeup. They nervously check behind the curtain.
64) 2) dialog: You alright? (CONTINUED)
64) 4) dialog: Oh yeah? What did she say.
64) 6) dialog: Really?
64) 8) dialog: But we can’t break up. Maybe if we just practice once a week.
64) 10) dialog: You're too good not to do this. This was your dream, right? Be in a band? Write music? Get out of Dublin?
66) 2) dialog: Hello Dublin. We are Sing Street. From Dublin.
66) 6) dialog: Dad, you shouldn’t have come if you're going to slag us. (beat) This is called “Words”. The band crash into their first song, a lively, up-tempo stomper. Cosmo is transformed on stage. He’s stepped outside himse He’s carefree and confident with the microphone, and his weeks of rehersal have paid off. The band is tight. Miss Dunne is delighted. The other teachers aren’t so sur the angry, passionate performance and risqué lyrics, as t crowd begrudgingly starts to come around, gathering at th front of stage. Barry is working their backline. Darren winks at him. The play through their first song passionately, and it en to some applause, mostly from girls. 105. INT. RAPHINA’S HOUSE - EARLIER Raphina opens the envelope Conor dropped in, and puts the tape into her machine. Through her window, Conor jumps on bike earlier that afternoon, and cycles off. She presses play.
67) 0) text: Back at the hall the band are well into their gig. They a sweating, and ending a song to applause. Conor changes ou of his dress -- he’s wearing a school uniform underneath.
67) 1) dialog: Thank you. Here’s one called “I will Find you” It’s a slow song. The crowd boo. The rest of the band shake their heads. Th band have an unplanned discussion on stage, off mic.
67) 3) dialog: No?
67) 5) dialog: But it’s a great song. And it’s really simple. And it’1ll test our audience. Girls will love it. Eamon? They all look at Eamon.
67) 7) dialog: This is a slow song. Anyone ever had a girlfriend for a day? Then that’s it? Lots of rowdy shouting from the crowd. This is turning in proper gig.
67) 8) dialog: What is that about? Anyway. This is called “I Will find you”. (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Music plays over Penny is making love to A MAN (45), on the couch in an office. She is smiling and happy. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Robert is sitting in front of the TV with a sandwich and glass of whiskey. He is watching violence on TV from Nort Ireland. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Brenden enters his room. Restless. He is trying on his ja to go out. Looks in the mirror. The song from the gig sti playing over. He checks his watch and looks at his guitar smiles. Picks it up, sits back and strums it. Blows some off it. Tunes a string. Then gives up. Crosses the room, the needle onto the vinal. Picks up his hash paraphernali and begins rolling a joint on the back of the guitar, tap his feet to the music. Takes off his jacket. He’s not goi anywhere.
70) 0) text: Back on stage, they have lost most of the crowd. Many are outside the windows, smoking. Others in groups chatting. a few GIRLS have stayed put, looking up adoringly at the young band. Now, at the back of the hall, the door opens, and Raphina steps in out of the cold. But she’s OLD RAPHINA again. The hair is done, the make u And she’s dressed in a cool skirt, doc boots, and jacket. can’t believe what she’s seeing. Conor, is singling with eyes closed. She smiles, walking through the hall towards stage. Conor sees her and smiles, singing the last verse her. She stands at the front of stage looking up at him.
70) 2) dialog: Okay. This is our last song. It’s about this school. It’s for Brother Baxter. People hoot and whistle. Brother Baxter, who stands at th back of the hall is not impressed. He signals to another Brother to turn on the hall lights. Florescent lights blink on, ruining the dark, cavernous atmosphere. The crowd collectively BOO. One of the skinheads turns th off again. The crowd cheer. On and off again. Things are getting chaotic. The crowd i getting pissed. (CONTINUED)
70) 3) text: The Brother turns them on again. Then the skin head turns them off, then takes a fire extinguisher and smashes it d on the light switch, ensuring they stay off. Brother Baxter is making his way towards stage. He stands the side of the stage, gesturing for Cosmo to come over. Conor heads over, leaning down.
70) 5) dialog: What? It’s a tribute song.
70) 7) dialog: Oh. Okay. He goes back onto stage.
70) 8) dialog: (to Eamon) You ready? This may be all of ours first and last gig man. You ready to do it?
70) 10) dialog: And you better come back to this after school. You’re a bloody genius man! Eamon laughs.
70) 11) dialog: (shouting, into mic) This is called “Brown Shoes”. It’s for every Christian Brother, and for every bully you ever knew. Larry starts with a thumping bass lick. Eamon and Garry join in. Conor approaches the mic, singin angrily
70) 12) dialog: “Who the hell are you, to tell me what to do... you wear a dress and tell me not to wear Brown Shoes..?” The crowd gets it. They start moshing. An angry guitar ri soaring over the top line. (CONTINUED)
70) 13) text: Conor sings a verse about being stabbed by a bully. Then chorus:
70) 14) dialog: (singing) “Well the boots on the other foot now, buckle up, we’re taking you down. Your curtain’s falling so take a bow.” He spots Raphina as he sings, smiling.
70) 15) dialog: “,..yeah you’ve had your time in the sun, so step aside it’s time for some fun. Yeah the boot’s on the other foot, take a bow!” Raphina joins in the dancing. A few people stage dive. Th Skinhead jumps around the room letting the fire extinguis off, drenching everyone. They love it. The lights come on again, adding to the chaos. Cosmo laughs as he screams a mantra into the mic
70) 16) dialog: “Brown shoes, Brown Shoes, Brown Shoes!!1!11” Brother Baxter turns and exits, unnoticed.
70) 17) dialog: “Brown Shoes, Brown Shoes... BROWN SHOES! !” And the song crescendos into a loud stab. And ends. The crowd roars. Conor and Raphina fix eyes, laughing.
70) 18) dialog: We are Sing Street. The DJ takes over as the crowd cheer. INT. SYNGE STREET SCHOOL GYM —- BACKSTAGE -— CONTINUOUS Conor and the band get off stage, hugging. Raphina runs o to meet him. She kisses him. They SHOUT above the music a crowds.
70) 20) dialog: So do you!
70) 23) dialog: Really? Shit. Because I have to break the band up!!
70) 25) dialog: I failed my exams. And Eamon’s Mum won’t let him be in a band anymore. And my parents are selling the house. So we'll be moving... So I won't be able to call in and leave tapes for you and stalk you! She shrugs.
70) 26) dialog: We should go. She nods her head without needing to think.
70) 28) dialog: On a boat.
70) 30) dialog: No. We borrow a boat. From Dalkey. It’s 35 Miles. How far can that be? It’s like 45 minutes in good weather.
70) 32) dialog: Are you ready? There’s nothing going on here right now. She thinks about it. They look at each other, wide-eyed. EXT. SYNGE STREET SCHOOL / RAPHINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor and Raphina run, hand in hand out of the school gat (CONTINUED)
70) 35) dialog: Was he any good? At sex?
70) 37) dialog: Cool.
70) 39) dialog: Something tells me I’1l always be forgiving you. They run on. She runs towards the steps of her house.
70) 41) dialog: Go! She laughs. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT They run around the corner and up to Conor’s house, hand hand. Raphina is carrying a bag. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Brendan is writing something in his writing pad, and smok one. Conor knocks and enters, followed by Raphina.
70) 43) dialog: Shhh. Where are the parents?
70) 48) dialog: We need your help. Can you drive us to Dalkey?
70) 50) dialog: Grandad’s little pleasure boat is still moored there. We’re going to sail to England. The two of us. We're all set. But we need a lift to the harbour. Brendan looks at them. They are totally serious. He think about it.
70) 52) dialog: Now.
70) 54) dialog: No.
70) 56) dialog: No. Not a penny. She has her photographs. And I have my demo tapes and videos. He looks at them, smiling. He puts on his jacket.
70) 58) text: He fishes them up silently, and as he does so, looks at h parents, asleep. Robert is sleeping on the floor beside t bed. Penny is on the bed, in a shaft of moonlight. Conor pauses, looking at them, almost smiling. Then his e fill up with tears. They look very vulnerable. He leans i his Mum...
70) 59) dialog: I love you. Mum. She repositions herself in the bed. But she doesn’t hear We hold on him, smiling. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor and Brendan pull the tarpaulin off the old car in t driveway. The old car reverses out of the driveway. Conor and Raphi jump in.
72) 2) dialog: It’s a little bit further than that. They approach the hero boat. It’s an open boat, with a steering wheel, and a little tarpaulin shelter area at th back. It’s pretty basic.
72) 4) dialog: Nice and calm. (CONTINUED)
72) 7) dialog: We'll be grand. He heads. They follow him to the edge of the jetty. He jumps on board the boat, getting it ready. Brendan and Raphina stand watching him. He appears to know what he’s doing. Kind of. He finds a can of petrol in the boat next to it, and stea it, looking in his own engine.
72) 8) dialog: I don't believe it. There’s still petrol in it. We’ll take this one as a spare. Ready? He pulls the cord. The engine coughs. But doesn’t take. Raphina jumps in, helping him, as Brendan does lookout. Finally, the engine comes to life, spluttering and coughi out smoke. Conor jumps back off, handing Raphina her bag, photograph and his stuff. She secures them under the little tarpauli Conor unties the boat from its mooring, throwing the rope board. Then he turns to his brother.
72) 10) dialog: I will. We’ll get into the Welsh coast. Then hitch down to London. Be there this evening.
72) 12) dialog: You’1ll get some flak from the parents for driving me out.
72) 16) dialog: Okay. I will. Conor takes it and folds it up carefully, and puts it in inside coat pocket. Conor jumps back onto the boat. Raphina Brendan fade up this is
76) 1) dialog: (shouting) You’1l want to sit down around now
78) 0) text: Conor waves up at the people on deck. Then speeds onwards Raphina smiles, looking at his back. She tries to light u cigarette. Then gives up. She starts laughing. The SONG really takes off now. It’s Conor’s voice singing The lyrics are about him and Raphina. About their future. model and a singer. About staying together. Written from older brother’s perspective. What we’re hearing is clearl marriage of Brendan’s lyrics and Conor’s music. From the future. And it’s the only clue to whether Conor and Raphi ever made it. Because right now, all we can see is mist, rain, and grim determination on COSMO’S drenched face.... Snap to black.