0) 0) text: Two FIFTEEN year-old BOYS stand outside this rough, inner city school on a cold, rainy morning. They are CONOR and DARREN. Conor is a middle class kid with a posh accent. Darren is a local boy, with a tough Dublin accent. They are elbowed by passing STUDENTS entering the school gates. Some of them mince past them, implying that they a gay- These two are outsiders. Conor will be handsome when he grows up. While most of th other boys have standard issue tight haircuts, Conor’s is long and tousled. He sports two black eyes, making him lo like a panda. Darren has acne, buck teeth, braces and bifocals. His face is a mess. They are both looking across the road. We don’t see at wh
0) 2) dialog: I don’t know. She’s always there.
0) 4) dialog: Yeah. Good luck. She doesn’t speak to anyone. Stuck-up cow.
0) 6) dialog: Ciaran Mackie from third year said he tried to get her digits.
2) 0) text: We track back with him across the street as he approaches Darren, who can’t believe what he’s seen.
10) 0) text: Conor, now in the company of Darren, walks back towards h classroom, holding his eye.
10) 2) dialog: I’ve a touch of the scutters. So I was in one of the cubicles all morning with the liquid shits. He smiles.
10) 3) dialog: Darren’s the name. He goes to shake hands. Conor take his hand, hiding his reluctance.
10) 5) dialog: That's Barry Bray. He eats hair gel.
10) 7) dialog: Yeah. He ate a pot of hair gel in class once. No one knows why. The only problem now is, he’1l be out for your blood.
10) 9) dialog: Because you’ve shown weakness.
10) 12) dialog: He lives in the same flats as me. His ma and da are mad drug addicts. People say he was conceived on acid. And it got into his bloodstream. But don’t worry, you just need to come up with a plan for the year. A solution. Here. 21. Street He hands him a slip of paper from a plastic wallet. It re in marker: Darren Mulvey. Business solutions. Saint Teresa's Gardens. Flat 221. “Your problem is my solution!"
10) 13) dialog: Call me any time.
10) 15) dialog: No, we don’t have a phone. Just call around. They arrive outside Conor’s class.
10) 17) dialog: Ah they kept me back a year. Or two. I can’t really read very well.
10) 19) dialog: (leaning in) I can read people. And you’re alright. But you won’t survive in here unless we deal with Barry.
10) 21) dialog: Hah! You could do that, yeah. Darren heads off, laughing. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Conor now has the TWO black eyes of the opening scene. Da stands beside him. He marches off towards the GIRL across the street. We hol Darren this time. In a few moments, Conor returns:
18) 0) text: Conor and Darren stand at the front door of a small, run- cottage on a narrow lane way. They are not wearing their school uniforms. It’s out of school. Darren knocks on the knocker.
18) 1) dialog: Eamon’s a genius. He can play every instrument known to man. His hobby is rabbits. After a while we hear footsteps thundering down the stair The door opens and EAMON (14), stands there. Eamon wears stone-washed denims, matching DENIM (!) jacket, a crew ne jumper, and white, dirty boot runners. He has curly hair, and wears steel-rim glasses. He sports wicked mullet.
18) 2) dialog: Hey Eamon. What you doing?
18) 4) dialog: Cool. This is Eamon. Eamon, this is Conor. He’s new in the school, and he’s putting together a band.
18) 8) dialog: Eamon can play every instrument known to man, can’t you Eamon? (CONTINUED)
18) 11) dialog: Show him. FOUR VERY QUICK SHOTS: Eamon plays the bass guitar, slapp The drums. The guitar, soloing. And the keyboard, playing jazz.
18) 17) dialog: We want to hire your instruments.
18) 19) dialog: Are you into that Eamon? We can see that Eamon is very glad to be asked, but bluff little:
18) 37) dialog: Is that a pub?
18) 39) dialog: Right.
18) 44) dialog: Me.
18) 46) dialog: No. (thinks) I’m just breaking into the market?
18) 48) dialog: I’1ll draw up contracts? EAMON’S MUM Do you need a pen? (CONTINUED)
18) 55) dialog: Now all we need is other musicians. Do either of you know any other musicians?
18) 57) dialog: No. Eamon? EAMON’S MUM He usually just plays on his own, don’t you son? She squeezes his shoulder.
19) 0) text: The three of them stand in a VERY small shed. They are al smoking. They are continuing their plans. From the window at the kitchen where Eamon’s mum is washi up, she can plainly see smoke wafting out the window. She shrugs. Darren clicks his fingers.
19) 1) dialog: There's a black guy in 3B?
19) 3) dialog: Be cool if he was in the band.
19) 5) dialog: He’s the one colored guy in the whole school. Probably in Dublin! Having a Golliwog in the band would give us a real edge.
19) 7) dialog: Why not?
19) 10) dialog: He’1l be able to play something. He’s black! (CONTINUED)
20) 0) text: Conor, Eamon and Darren knock on the door of a small hous a shitty housing estate. In a moment, an enormous, beauti woman answers the door. She speaks in a strong Nigerian accent, wearing colorful headgear and dress. They’ve neve seen anything like it.
20) 3) dialog: Is this the house where the colored lad lives?
20) 5) dialog: What is that?
20) 9) dialog: Does he speak English? 36. INT. NGIG’S SITTING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER The three lads stand in a small, tidy living space. In fr of them, NGIG (14), a black kid, stocky, well built.
20) 10) dialog: (very slowly)
20) 14) dialog: Oh. You sound different from your ma?
22) 6) dialog: What does that mean?
26) 0) text: By moonlight, Conor, Darren and Eamon peel back a sheet o corrugated metal at the back of school. This allows them gap to slip through into the yard.
27) 0) text: Darren opens a little back door with a key. They are in.
28) 0) text: The three of them sneak down a basement corridor. Conor guides them with a clunky bicycle lamp. They arrive at a door. A handwritten sign says “Audio Visual Room”. Darren tries numerous keys until he gets the right one. T open it.
28) 1) dialog: (with the flair of a master criminal) Gentlemen, I give you the Audio Visual Department....
31) 2) dialog: Where is this chick?
31) 4) dialog: Did everyone bring some clothes? They start rooting through plastic bags stuffed with clot from home. Larry holds up a pair of flares. Garry, a child’s cowboy outfit.
31) 5) dialog: Who the hell brought a cowboy outfit?
31) 7) dialog: No one dresses as a cowboy in a band!
32) 13) dialog: I’m the camera man.
32) 15) dialog: AND camera man. Saving money all the way. Conor takes her by the elbow, walking her out of earshot little.
32) 28) dialog: Let’s get one thing straight. I am NOT wearing any makeup.
32) 30) dialog: Yeah, thank God!
32) 36) dialog: You've been in it for three days. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: All of the band are now wearing makeup. It’s a little ful on, but they look sort of cool. Conor directs Darren as to what the shot will be, referri to his notebook. Darren looks through the viewfinder.
33) 2) dialog: I think a zoom would be better.
33) 8) text: Circling you like when he’s following her in Thriller. Do you think you can keep the camera steady, Darren?
33) 9) dialog: What do you think?
33) 11) dialog: Love it! EXT. LANEWAY - MOMENT’S LATER Conor presses PLAY on the tape machine. It is plugged int small speaker. He signals to Darren to start filming. The runs back to the band, who have started miming to the son Raphina is standing against the wall. Conor approaches he Darren following. Conor starts lip syncing to the song:
33) 15) dialog: Pretty epic. It’s hard keeping focus on that zoom. And Ngig, stop moving into the back of his shot. (CONTINUED)
33) 18) dialog: You started about three foot that way!
33) 21) dialog: No, it’s grand.
33) 31) dialog: A video for a band.
33) 37) dialog: Knackers. Come on. Never mind them. Darren presses play on the machine as the others watch. B Conor’s attention is momentarily taken by Barry, who make throat-slitting gesture back to Conor. All the colour dra from Conor's face. ( SCENE 55 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 56 INTENTIONALLY DELETED )
45) 0) text: As the song continues, Conor walks through the school gat He is with Eamon and Darren. Conor is now dressed in a lo black overcoat. (CONTINUED)
45) 3) dialog: Yeah. How am I supposed to market that?
45) 8) dialog: (shouting) What does Happy/Sad mean                         How can you be both bleedin things?? It makes no sense.
45) 10) dialog: Right.
46) 0) text: Song continues over. The whole band, with Darren and Raphina, ride the dart tr out of the city. (CONTINUED)
46) 3) dialog: Wha?
46) 5) dialog: She’s vanished?
48) 0) text: They are halfway through another song, miming to playback Darren is operating the camera. They all look very gloomy introspective; ala The Cure, staring down at the ground, barely playing their instruments. But the song is brilliant. Darren holds up the picture fr in front of the musicians in separate shots. Conor stands with his hands in his pockets. Now Raphina enters frame, walking towards the end of the pier. She pauses for a moment, and NGIG holds up a picture fram front of her as she walks. She is mouthing the lyrics. As gets to the end of the pier, she stares out to sea dramatically. Conor is watching her in the background, singing. Then she jumps. But NOT onto the ledge. In fact, she jump way past it and into the sea. For a moment, Conor hasn’t seen what’s happened. He goes singing. But Darren looks up from the viewfinder.
48) 1) dialog: (shouting over the music) Em, I think she went into the sea. Seriously. (CONTINUED)
48) 9) dialog: Stop looking in the camera.
48) 19) dialog: 
52) 0) text: Conor is excitedly leading Darren and Eamon down a corrid towards the notice board. There’s a poster for the END-OF TERM disco. End of Term disco. School hall Fri 15th. DJ and lights! Tickets £2.
52) 3) dialog: When is it?
55) 0) text: Conor exits the school, carrying his report card in his h Other kids study their’s. He meets Eamon, who is looking his at the school gate. Darren joins them.
55) 2) dialog: I failed too.
56) 0) text: About ten local teenage girls sit on desks. Ten boys stan around the classroom. They’ve turned up to be extras. A number of tables have been turned upsidedown to make a small stage. On this, the band’s gear has been set up. Ga checks his drum kit on stage. Miss Dunne is hanging decorations up, including a disco ball. Darren is moving about with the camera, looking for shots. Across the room, Miss Dunne checks her watch.
56) 2) dialog: Yeah. She’s not coming. Let’s do it without her. (CONTINUED)
56) 4) dialog: So, all of you come and stand here. You have to pretend it’s a live gig. And you’re the audience.
57) 0) text: Conor cries his eyes out in the toilet. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - MORNING Darren rings on Conor's bell. In a moment, Conor answers. is wearing his pyjamas.
57) 1) dialog: You can’t run away from this, you know that? You have to face him.
57) 3) dialog: Yeah. But you’re just kicking it down the line. Come on. As your Manager I’ve let you down. I haven't solved this problem. I can’t sleep. He walks off.
58) 0) text: Conor follows Darren up the steps to the fourth floor of block of flats. They walk past numerous doors, stopping a one.
58) 1) dialog: Now, leave this to me. He knocks. In a moment, Barry opens the door. He is very surprised to see these two. From inside, the sound of the TV.
58) 7) dialog: No you’re not, Barry! Because he had a chance to rat you out the other day, and he didn’t. He made a choice. (beat) You think you’re different from us. From everyone. And you are. You're nuts! But we have one thing in common, you, me and him. (Meaning Conor) .
58) 9) dialog: Do you want to know what it is? (beat) We're all shit at school. We've all failed these exams, and we’ll be out of school next year. We’re bleedin useless! Silence. Barry doesn’t disagree.
58) 11) dialog: So what are you going to do when you're kicked out of school? Stay at home with your Ma and Da? Get wasted? Watching daytime telly?
58) 13) dialog: Well we’re going to be in a band. Gigging. On the road. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
58) 16) dialog: Roadies. (beat) Someone who is strong, and knows how to fight! Protect themselves, and the lads. And carry gear.
58) 18) dialog: Why not? You'd be great at it. You’re tough. Ane you’re off your head. He thinks about him. His Da screams, off BARRY’S DA (off) Barry! Get in here and get me another bottle. You worthless shite.
58) 20) dialog: A band is like being in the army. Everyone has everyone else’s back. Fag or not. Think you're up to it? BARRY’S DA (off) Where are you, you lazy prick? Do you hear me? Get in here and get us a bleedin bottle!
58) 25) dialog: (elbowing him) Of course you’ll drive the van! When we get one. Barry exits, grabbing his jacket, and pulling the door be him.
58) 27) dialog: We have a gig this Friday. Are you free? I’ve got a fiver for you for it. You can do the lights. EXT. THE FLATS —- CONTINUOUS They set off, away from Barry’s house, Barry following be in between them. Conor and Darren exchange a smile of surprise. The bomb has finally been diffused.
64) 1) dialog: It’s filling up lads. There’s chicks from Saint Annes, Notre Dame. And St. Louis! This just makes the band more nervous. All except Eamon, sits on a desk, his guitar strapped on practicing. Conor notices that he’s quiet. He approaches.