15) 0) text: Conor sits in art class. This class is made up of about twelve kids. Including Conor. There’s some interesting ar the walls. Conor rubs his feet together, trying to keep w MISS DUNNE (40s), sits on the corner of her desk. She has curvy figure, and a mane of dyed blonde hair. She has a Dublin accent. She has a scented candle lit on her desk. few flowers in a glass.
15) 1) dialog: Right, so most of yiz picked this class because ye didn’t wanna do mechanical drawing. Am I right? Most people nod.
15) 2) dialog: Yiz think art class will be a doddle? A chance to get a break in the day and scribble a few pictures in between other classes? A few lads nod in agreement.
15) 3) dialog: Right, well you’re not completely off the mark. This gets a little laugh.
15) 4) dialog: Art should be a break from the rest of the world. It should never be work. It’s kind of... therapy. But don’t think you're not going to learn something in here. I’m going to impart some information to ye, okay? So when you’re out with a girl at the National Gallery, you can look at a painting and SAY something about it. Okay? A few nods and mutterings of acceptance. Mick Mahon puts hand up.
15) 7) dialog: Ah, thanks, Michael. But I have a fiance already.
15) 9) dialog: Positive. She puts on her glasses to get a closer look at Conor’s f under his desk.
15) 10) dialog: What the hell is going on here?
38) 0) text: Music plays over as Conor turns the corner into the schoo gates. There is a little confidence in his step this time He has bleached his hair blonde, and styled it so this fa over his eyes a little in a NEW ROMANTIC way. He is wearing a little mascara and a little shadow. Peopl stare at him. As he passes us, we PULL onto BROTHER Baxte who watches from above. INT. ART CLASSROOM -— DAY Conor sits in art class. He is painting a picture of his band. Miss Dunne leans over his shoulder.
38) 1) dialog: I like it. What is that?
38) 3) dialog: You’re in a band? Cool. What are they called?
38) 5) dialog: I know. I like that. In a moment, there is a knock at the door, and a FIFTH FO KID enters.
52) 49) dialog: How’s that band of yours going, Conor?
52) 51) dialog: When are we going to hear yiz play?
52) 53) dialog: That’s a bit shit. What about asking Brother Baxter? There’s loads of vacant rooms here.
52) 56) dialog: Freaking Brothers. They’ve driven this school into the ground. You know they’re almost outnumbered now?
52) 58) dialog: Yeah. There’s half us lay teachers now. And rising. (beat) One day... (beat) Why don’t you use here?
52) 60) dialog: It’s my classroom, isn’t it?
52) 62) dialog: Let me look into it. She winks, returning to her work. Conor exits with a smil
52) 63) dialog: But ye better be good now!
56) 0) text: About ten local teenage girls sit on desks. Ten boys stan around the classroom. They’ve turned up to be extras. A number of tables have been turned upsidedown to make a small stage. On this, the band’s gear has been set up. Ga checks his drum kit on stage. Miss Dunne is hanging decorations up, including a disco ball. Darren is moving about with the camera, looking for shots. Across the room, Miss Dunne checks her watch.
56) 1) dialog: So you'd better film something. I have to lock up in an hour.