20) 13) dialog: What the hell is wrong with him? When he speaks, he speaks in a tough, inner city Dublin accent.
20) 15) dialog: ‘Course I do, I’ve been here half me bleedin life. What did you expect.
20) 17) dialog: Maybe. What kind of music are yous playing?
21) 1) text: It is hard to read the number, as the poster is covered i array of Spunking Dick drawings. INT. EAMON’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Conor sings into a microphone. Eamon plays rhythm guitar. Garry fingers a bass guitar. His twin brother Larry sits behind the drum kit. Ngig cycles through sounds on an ear synthesizer. He has no real idea what he’s doing. Conor is hesitant and nervous. Though he can sing, he has zero presence. It’s chaos. They are all dressed in their school uniforms look awful. TRACK down to find a tape casette recorder on a chair in middle of them. It is RECORDING. The song ends.
21) 2) dialog: Not bad.
21) 4) dialog: I think we sped up a little.
22) 1) dialog: So what are we called? They think.
22) 3) dialog: What is wrong with you and Rabbits??
33) 17) dialog: I haven't moved an inch!
33) 19) dialog: It was windy.
48) 0) text: They are halfway through another song, miming to playback Darren is operating the camera. They all look very gloomy introspective; ala The Cure, staring down at the ground, barely playing their instruments. But the song is brilliant. Darren holds up the picture fr in front of the musicians in separate shots. Conor stands with his hands in his pockets. Now Raphina enters frame, walking towards the end of the pier. She pauses for a moment, and NGIG holds up a picture fram front of her as she walks. She is mouthing the lyrics. As gets to the end of the pier, she stares out to sea dramatically. Conor is watching her in the background, singing. Then she jumps. But NOT onto the ledge. In fact, she jump way past it and into the sea. For a moment, Conor hasn’t seen what’s happened. He goes singing. But Darren looks up from the viewfinder.
54) 2) dialog: Sometimes I think you’re only shooting these videos so you can see your one. The chick.
67) 2) dialog: We’re not doing a bleedin slow song at a gig! Are you mad?