2) 8) dialog: What? Go ahead.
2) 12) dialog: So we’ve had a look through the accounts, and we see quite a significant saving if we were to alter the education situation.
2) 24) dialog: A school that’s close by. So there’s no transport costs. You can cycle in. And you can get lunch back here. There’s two savings already! It’s a non-fee paying school.
2) 32) dialog: Brendan! Cut that out. Synge Street is a perfectly reputable school. You’1l settle in in no time.
10) 22) text: Conor heads back into class. The door slams behind him wi menacing “SLAM” INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - NIGHT Penny stands in the hallway, shouting upstairs.
10) 23) dialog: Bren! Conor! It’s on. Brendan exits his room quickly. He is carrying his drinki and smoking accoutrements. He passes Conor’s door as Cono exits. The two of them run downstairs. It’s like a fire drill.
11) 8) dialog: You don’t know that. He laughs, pouring a whiskey, and turning towards the TV.
11) 16) dialog: (referring to Simon) He’s very attractive isn’t he?
11) 18) dialog: Do you promise? On screen, a guy in the video plays a saxophone solo on a raft.
24) 2) dialog: Keep your bloody voice down! Two doors slam, separately. He listens out, then continue writing. INT. EAMON’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Song over. The song is really coming together, as Conor and Eamon ja it. Though complete opposites, this combination of songwriters is coming together. Through the window behind them, the rest of the band are playing football in the garden. Conor taps on the window, waving at them to come and give it a spin. They run in. INT. EAMON’S LIVING ROOM - LATER Now the FULL band play the song. And it sounds pretty goo Conor is still a little shy of his own voice, and is froz at the microphone. Eamon gestures for him to enjoy it. But he just smiles an stays static. Again, the tape recorder records it on the chair in the middle of them.
52) 16) dialog: (off) It’s my mother’s house! (CONTINUED)
52) 19) dialog: (off) You came into this relationship with nothing but a bicycle and a raincoat! And you’ve never had anything. My mother was right!
52) 30) dialog: No, I don’t mean sold. We’re having it valued. It might be a good time to sell it and downsize.
52) 32) dialog: What is this “You People”? And Robert and Penny? What ever happened to “Mum”? “How was your day, MUM”, or “ “You look really stressed, MUM” or “I Love you, MUM.” like she might cry. Conor is sort of surprised.
52) 33) dialog: That might be nice. What is wrong with kids who won't call their mother MUM.
56) 9) dialog: Oh good, there you are. (calling) He’s back. You get Bren.
56) 11) dialog: We want to chat to you both. Kitchen. Two minutes. She passes. INT. CONOR’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Conor, Penny and Robert sit around the table in the kitch as they did a few months ago. Waiting. In a moment, we he Brendan running down the stairs. He enters, carrying all smoking and drinking shit.
56) 14) dialog: Your father and I are splitting up.
56) 21) dialog: No, you can’t get divorced in Ireland. We'll be legally separated. It’s better for everyone.
56) 25) dialog: (almost silently) Thank you.
60) 36) dialog: Okay. What time is it at?
60) 38) dialog: Ohh. I might be busy. A work do. I'll try and get out of it.
68) 0) text: Music plays over Penny is making love to A MAN (45), on the couch in an office. She is smiling and happy. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Robert is sitting in front of the TV with a sandwich and glass of whiskey. He is watching violence on TV from Nort Ireland. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Brenden enters his room. Restless. He is trying on his ja to go out. Looks in the mirror. The song from the gig sti playing over. He checks his watch and looks at his guitar smiles. Picks it up, sits back and strums it. Blows some off it. Tunes a string. Then gives up. Crosses the room, the needle onto the vinal. Picks up his hash paraphernali and begins rolling a joint on the back of the guitar, tap his feet to the music. Takes off his jacket. He’s not goi anywhere.
70) 58) text: He fishes them up silently, and as he does so, looks at h parents, asleep. Robert is sleeping on the floor beside t bed. Penny is on the bed, in a shaft of moonlight. Conor pauses, looking at them, almost smiling. Then his e fill up with tears. They look very vulnerable. He leans i his Mum...