1) 20) dialog: So if you’re in a band, sing me a song.
1) 24) dialog: Sing anything off the radio. He reluctantly sings a hesitant but tuneful few lines fro popular song. She smiles. She writes down her number on t cover. He smiles, turning back. Score.
32) 5) dialog: Hello all. Sorry I’m late. I was out last night. At a night club. Still recovering. She takes off her sunglasses, dramatically, looking them and down. (CONTINUED)
32) 7) dialog: Jesus Christ. What in God’s name are ye all wearing?
32) 9) dialog: Who’s your wardrobe person? Stevie Wonder?
32) 11) dialog: Right. Who’s the camera man. Maybe he can make some of this work.
32) 14) dialog: I thought you were the producer.
32) 17) dialog: I liked it. It’s the only reason I’m here. Did you write it?
32) 19) dialog: So you wrote the lyrics? They’re cool. Who are they about?
32) 21) dialog: You know you’ve got really good cheek bones? (CONTINUED)
32) 24) dialog: Yeah. Look at you. Can I do your makeup?
32) 26) dialog: Yeah. This light is going to be really harsh on camera. You should totally take the edge off it. I’m actually wearing some make up right now. She's wearing a_lot of makeup.
32) 27) dialog: In fact, guys! You should ALL wear makeup. The band turn around.
32) 29) dialog: Relax. You’re not even in the band.
32) 32) dialog: Why not? You've got great lips.
32) 34) dialog: Whatever. Those who actually care about how their band look and want to do this half-properly, queue over here.
33) 4) dialog: What if I have little lightening flashes on my eye lids when I close them?
33) 6) dialog: I can try.
34) 0) text: Raphina diverts his attention back to the viewfinder. On screen, Conor begins singing. Raphina smiles at him. She grabs his hand in excitement as she appears on screen. An doesn’t let go. Conor looks down at his hand in hers.
35) 1) dialog: So where do you live?
35) 3) dialog: Oh, by the canal. You grew up there? (CONTINUED)
35) 6) dialog: Yeah, I wondered about that. You’re a bit posh for around here! She laughs.
35) 9) dialog: That’s sad. You doing okay with it?
35) 11) dialog: A bit like an American movie. You'll be all complicated and divorced and sophisticated.
35) 13) dialog: Jesus, all that drama! I’m glad I don’t have parents.
35) 17) dialog: Hi. This is Evan Adams.
35) 20) dialog: This is Conor, the singer in the band I mentioned.
35) 24) dialog: Yeah. See you soon. She gives Conor a very European kiss on either cheek. He blushing awkwardly. Evan looks very dangerous and cool, wearing a dirty leather jacket and sunglasses. He is listening to GENESIS. Raphina gets into the passenger seat and the car revs up.
35) 26) dialog: Let's make another video soon, yeah? Evan U-turns. But but has over estimated the width of the street, and the coolness of the U-turn is undermined by t fact that he has to do a five point turn. Finally, the car drives off. (CONTINUED)
36) 1) text: Conor free wheels. He is preoccupied. In his satchel over shoulder, the three albums. EXT. SYNGE STREET - RAPHINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor cruises by Raphina’s house. He leans against a tree still sitting on his bike. He’s not sure what he’s doing here. He is about to cycle off, when the Ford Granada pulls up, Raphina gets out, crossing over to the driver’s door. Eva Adams holds onto her hand, pulling her back. She laughs, pulls away, making her way up her steps. He accelerates o wheel spinning, burning rubber. She rings the doorbell. I moment, a WOMAN (60s) opens the door and lets her in. Across the street, Conor checks his watch. Just coming up 9 pm. He cycles off. EXT. EAMON’S HOUSE - NIGHT Conor knocks on the front door of Eamon’s house. Checks h watch hoping it’s not too late. In a moment, Eamon answers, carrying a rabbit.
36) 6) dialog: He stuffs it through the letter box and heads off, cyclin away, looking up at one of the lights in the window. INT. RAPHINA’S ROOM - NIGHT This is a tiny, monastic little room. There are some post on the wall, and a small single bed under an alcove. A sm dresser with mirror. A chair. Raphina enters, carrying a bowl of cereal. She sits down her bed. She is still wearing her clothes. In a moment, a knock on the door, and a head pops in. This is MRS. KIRWIN (60), a matronly looking woman in an apron. She is carrying Conor’s envelope. She passes it to Raphina.
36) 8) dialog: Oh. Thanks.
36) 10) dialog: No.
36) 12) dialog: Yes. Thank you. Night. Mrs. Kirwin nods, exiting.
43) 0) text: Students exit the main gate at the end of the day. Conor pushes his bike out. To his surprise, Raphina is leaning against the school ga up ahead. She is listening to music on massive, 1970s-style headpho with a curly lead. They are plugged into her battery oper tape player from home. She’s smoking a cigarette. She gives him a wave and one of her killer smiles. Just seeing her lifts him.
43) 1) dialog: Hey Cosmo.
43) 3) dialog: That’s what I’m calling you now. Cosmo. You need a catchy name if you're going to be in a band.
43) 5) dialog: Waiting for you. What happened to you? He looks pretty rough.
43) 7) dialog: (shouting) For about half an hour. Then the batteries run out. And I have to rob more. But it means I can take my tapes anywhere.
44) 2) dialog: I really liked your song. It made me cry.
44) 4) dialog: No no, that’s a good thing. But write me a happy one some time.
44) 6) dialog: What have you got to not feel happy about? Big house. Family. And we don’t live in the Lebanon! She has a point.
44) 8) dialog: Evan?
44) 10) dialog: We're on and off. It’s complicated. We're kind of on a break right now.
44) 12) dialog: You're funny. He’s actually a really nice guy.
44) 14) dialog: He’s taking me to London. I’m too young to go on my own. He’s organized everything. Booked the tickets, and got us an apartment and all. We’re going after I get my portfolio shot. It’s a really big deal to get your shots done just right. For modelling. Your whole career can depend on it. (CONTINUED)
44) 17) dialog: Are you jealous, Cosmo?
44) 19) dialog: Exactly. Write me a happy song. I need a laugh.
44) 21) dialog: Your problem is that you’re not happy being sad. That’s what love is, Cosmo. (beat) Happy/Sad. Cosmo searches her for the meaning of this. She just smil back. She checks her watch.
44) 22) dialog: Shit, I gotta go. We only have a half an hour dinner window at my house.
44) 24) dialog: It’s fine. Better than some of the other places I’ve been.
44) 26) dialog: My da’s brown bread. He got hit by a car.
44) 28) dialog: No, don’t be. He was drunk. He deserved it. Me ma’s in and out of hospital. (CONTINUED)
44) 31) dialog: She’s a nurse. She laughs. He gets it.
44) 32) dialog: No. She’s a manic depressive. Cosmo is shocked by this. But tries to lighten it.
44) 34) dialog: You're funny. I like that. She kisses him on either cheek again, and turns to go, bu then turns.
44) 35) dialog: Let me know if you need me for another video before I go.
44) 37) dialog: Soon. (beat) You don’t have any problems, Cosmo. She winks, and sprints off, leaving Cosmo to decode. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT Conor is standing in the doorway of his brother’s room. Brendan sits on his usual chair.
46) 0) text: Song continues over. The whole band, with Darren and Raphina, ride the dart tr out of the city. (CONTINUED)
46) 1) text: They are carrying the camera, and a few props- picture fr and paint brushes. The band are all Cure Heads now, and l quite good. But it’s low-budget Cure Heads. Conor and Rap sit across the aisle from them. Music plays over, as they ride out towards the sea. A welcome break from the city. Conor watches the sun burst behind Raphina’s profile. He smiles, taking out the camera and filming her. Conor describes to the gang what this video will be about reading from his journal...
46) 8) dialog: No she’s not. She’s a mermaid. She's jumped back into the sea. You see, she got washed up in a fishing net. And she’s been in the city. But she’s been dying to return to the water. To her friends. Where she belongs. Conor likes this. He smiles. He starts writing this into journal.
47) 3) dialog: It’s not far enough down. You’1l see the top of my head.
48) 0) text: They are halfway through another song, miming to playback Darren is operating the camera. They all look very gloomy introspective; ala The Cure, staring down at the ground, barely playing their instruments. But the song is brilliant. Darren holds up the picture fr in front of the musicians in separate shots. Conor stands with his hands in his pockets. Now Raphina enters frame, walking towards the end of the pier. She pauses for a moment, and NGIG holds up a picture fram front of her as she walks. She is mouthing the lyrics. As gets to the end of the pier, she stares out to sea dramatically. Conor is watching her in the background, singing. Then she jumps. But NOT onto the ledge. In fact, she jump way past it and into the sea. For a moment, Conor hasn’t seen what’s happened. He goes singing. But Darren looks up from the viewfinder.
48) 2) text: Conor looks over towards the wall. No sign of Raphina.
48) 5) dialog: 
48) 10) dialog: Save me!
48) 12) dialog: Jump in. It’1l look great!
48) 14) dialog: I can’t swim!
48) 16) dialog: 
49) 2) dialog: (up to Darren) Did you get it                        ! Darren gives a thumbs up, as he scans back over the shot.
49) 3) dialog: Fantastic!! The band laughs.
49) 5) dialog: Nope.
49) 7) dialog: For our art! You can’t do things by half, Cosmo. He shakes his head, searching her. They are both shiverin and wet. Suddenly, he reaches in, and steals a kiss. She silenced by it. Amazed.
49) 9) dialog: Great. Is what it was. Fair play.
49) 12) dialog: Evan’s just a means to an end. ( SCENE 82 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 83 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 84 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 85 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 86 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 87 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 88 INTENTIONALLY DELETED ) ( SCENE 89 INTENTIONALLY DELETED )
50) 0) text: The gang haul their gear back up the pier. Conor and Raph fall back. Raphina is looking out to sea.
50) 2) dialog: No way. How do you know stuff like that?
50) 4) dialog: Wow. So I can wave back to you when I’m in London! Conor’s heart sinks. They both stop and look out to sea. others carry on. INT. The all the out. 76.
50) 7) dialog: That makes sense. You mention your brother a lot, don’t you? Do you really love him? Conor shrugs. He’s never been asked a question like this.
50) 9) dialog: He sounds cool. My dad used to sing songs to me falling asleep. And it got so I couldn’t fall asleep until he was back from the pub. Which was usually after 11. Then he’d sit there on the side of the bed, singing The Auld Triangle, or whatever, old mad rebel songs! The smell of drink, and I’d fall asleep with the music. (beat) Always had trouble sleeping since he died. She smiles. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - DAY Conor and Brendan sit at the top of their stairs. Down be Penny is sitting in the porch, catching the last few minu of evening sun. They watch her, her shoulder straps pulle down a little, a glass of wine poured, and a cigarette in ashtray. It is a beautiful, sad image. (CONTINUED)
54) 5) dialog: Jaysis! Shh.
54) 7) dialog: Sneaking out. She thinks I’ve gone to bed already. Come on! She drags him down the stairs and around the corner, giggling, under a tree.
54) 9) dialog: (evasive) Just out for the night. What are you doing here? (CONTINUED)
54) 12) dialog: Sounds epic. I’1ll try to come.
54) 15) dialog: How else do you expect me to get to London? He’s connected. And he has money.
54) 17) dialog: Shut up now, and don’t be getting jealous. Leave it. This has been nice.
54) 19) dialog: You're a kid. Don’t be crazy. If we're not gone, then I’1l swing by Saturday. Okay? Love ya. She smiles. She runs off. Conor watches as she jumps into the car and speeds off. We hold on Conor. 87.
59) 0) text: The three of them arrive at school. As they cross the roa Conor looks over his shoulder towards Raphina’s house. There’s a YOUNG GIRL walking back towards the house carry a bottle of milk. She’s been looking at them. But she qui looks away. We think we recognize her. But we’re not sure Conor double takes, then breaks away from the lads and ru towards her as she runs up the steps.
59) 2) dialog: Wha?
59) 4) dialog: Who? (CONTINUED)
59) 7) dialog: I’m not Raphina. I’m her younger sister.
59) 9) dialog: My sister? Yeah, she’s in London. Getting on great. She walks on. Conor follows, spinning her around. She sta him in the face, finally giving up.
60) 0) text: Conor and Raphina sit on a bench. She really does look different. Without the war paint and clothes, she’s lost something of herself.
60) 1) dialog: ...it was a mad idea anyway. I don’t know anyone in London.
60) 3) dialog: No. It was all just an act. To get a ride like. He doesn’t have a flat there. Or friends. Or any of that.
60) 5) dialog: (ashamed) I don’t know. He left me in a B&B in town. I’ve been trying to ring him. I’m like me Ma. She blushes a little.
60) 7) dialog: I don’t know. I was going to print up some CVs. But I haven’t done anything. Except your videos. So I don’t know where to start. (CONTINUED)
60) 10) dialog: I don’t know. McDonalds have an ad in their window. Would you still fancy me if I was saying “Do you want chips with that?”
60) 12) dialog: Oh shut up, you sap. You make me sick. I don’t know what I’m doing half the time. I live in a dream world. Who’s going to put me in an ad? Or the cover of a magazine? I’m telling you- I’m like me Ma, thinking like that. There’s something wrong with me. She hits her head, her eyes filling with tears.
60) 14) dialog: Tell me about that...
61) 0) text: Music over, as Conor cycles through streets. RAPHINA’S STOOP - DAY Conor drops in the envelope through Raphina’s door.
67) 9) text: He begins a mid tempo song. It’s beautiful. Soulful yet forceful. We hear the first verse. INT. RAPHINA’S ROOM - EARLIER THAT DAY Raphina is listening to the music. It is the same song he playing live at the gig. She is dressed as we saw her earlier, hair in a pony tail, no make up, sensible jeans jumper. The song is an address to her to follow her dreams. About being who you’re supposed to be. That she must at least f out if she could have made it as a model. And made it to London.
69) 0) text: Raphina sits on the bench listening to the same song Cosm playing live. She’s been listening over and over. She’s smiling and crying at the same time. It is a call to her someone who really cares about her. (CONTINUED)
70) 0) text: Back on stage, they have lost most of the crowd. Many are outside the windows, smoking. Others in groups chatting. a few GIRLS have stayed put, looking up adoringly at the young band. Now, at the back of the hall, the door opens, and Raphina steps in out of the cold. But she’s OLD RAPHINA again. The hair is done, the make u And she’s dressed in a cool skirt, doc boots, and jacket. can’t believe what she’s seeing. Conor, is singling with eyes closed. She smiles, walking through the hall towards stage. Conor sees her and smiles, singing the last verse her. She stands at the front of stage looking up at him.
70) 19) dialog: You look great!!
70) 21) dialog: You guys were brilliant!! (CONTINUED)
70) 24) dialog: What? Why??
70) 27) dialog: How?
70) 29) dialog: On the ferry, like? They won’t let us travel. You’re too young! I mean, I'd get away with it. But you're just a baby. He’s shaking his head, all this coming to him like a bolt from the blue.
70) 31) dialog: You mean steal a boat?
70) 34) dialog: Do you forgive me? About Evan?
70) 36) dialog: Not great.
70) 38) dialog: You need to tell me you forgive me?
70) 40) dialog: Two minutes. I need to pack a few things.
70) 45) dialog: Hi.
72) 1) dialog: Jesus, you were right, it’s really close. She smiles.
72) 3) dialog: Is that it? It’s tiny! They look out to sea.
72) 17) dialog: Come and visit us. You seem like a mad bastard.
72) 19) dialog: Hah! I will.
74) 1) text: Raphina looks nervous. It starts raining.
76) 2) dialog: (shouting)
76) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ!!!!! Conor slams the boat into reverse. The engine grinds in protest. The FERRY passes them by. Up on deck, countless Irish immigrants stand, smoking, drinking cans of Guinnes watching the sun come up etc. Some of them see the little boat below, pointing and laughing.
78) 0) text: Conor waves up at the people on deck. Then speeds onwards Raphina smiles, looking at his back. She tries to light u cigarette. Then gives up. She starts laughing. The SONG really takes off now. It’s Conor’s voice singing The lyrics are about him and Raphina. About their future. model and a singer. About staying together. Written from older brother’s perspective. What we’re hearing is clearl marriage of Brendan’s lyrics and Conor’s music. From the future. And it’s the only clue to whether Conor and Raphi ever made it. Because right now, all we can see is mist, rain, and grim determination on COSMO’S drenched face.... Snap to black.