2) 7) dialog: Okay, so we wanted to talk about finances. Penny?
2) 10) dialog: Well, as you might have noticed- your mother and I are really struggling at the moment, like the rest of the country. I haven’t had a single commission this year. Your mother is on a three day week. It doesn’t look like it’s going to get much brighter. (CONTINUED)
2) 16) dialog: We're not taking you out of school. We're transferring you from one school to another.
2) 18) dialog: We have to make some cuts to the budget. I’d suggest taking your brother out of college, but he’s already dropped out of his own volition.
2) 21) dialog: Don’t act so entitled. I grew up in a council house with five brothers.
2) 25) dialog: Those Jesuits are far too soft on you anyway.
2) 27) dialog: So do the Christian Brothers.
2) 30) dialog: Oh be quiet Brendan! Six years at the hands of the Jesuits yourself, and look at what they did for you!
2) 34) dialog: Just deal with this, Conor. You know what the Christian Brother's motto is? “Viriliter Age”. That means “Act Manly”. This meeting is over. (CONTINUED)
11) 2) dialog: No.
11) 7) dialog: Who am I kidding. Nothing’s getting built here for another ten years at least.
11) 9) dialog: Not exactly the Beatles, is it.
11) 11) dialog: Well if that’s the future we’re all screwed. Look at him, he’s not even singing live!
11) 17) dialog: You’re welcome to him.
11) 21) dialog: Why can’t they get them to play live? What are they hiding?
11) 24) dialog: That's because this is the tyranny.
11) 26) dialog: Why not?
24) 1) dialog: (off, muffled) That’s funny, coming from you!
52) 15) dialog: (off) Well you’re sure as hell not moving in here with him!
52) 18) dialog: (off) I’ve been paying a mortgage on this house for fifteen years. I must own some part of it by now!
52) 20) dialog: (off) Oh give me a break. Go to his place. Go on, piss off. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT Conor sets out into the corridor. His mother is filling a large suitcase in the hallway below from her wardrobe. Ro is standing with his arms folded, watching her. Conor looks up at Brendan’s attic door. It is closed. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER The two brothers sit in Brendan’s room listening to a pop 80’s tune. This drowns out their parent’s rowing. They are laughing, and having a good time, air guitar and drumming.
52) 28) dialog: He’s from the surveying company. We're having the house evaluated.
52) 36) dialog: Shut up, Conor. There’s people in the house. In the background, through the window, a FOR SALE sign is erected. Conor points at it.
52) 38) dialog: (bluffing) We’re testing the market. Conor gets up, annoyed, heading out.
52) 40) dialog: Oh, about that. It’s great that you're doing something extracurricular, but don’t you have end of term exams soon?
52) 42) dialog: Shouldn't you be spending your weekends doing revision?
56) 10) dialog: (off) Okay.
56) 13) dialog: Well. So, firstly, we don’t want to make a big deal about this. Lot’s of married couples-
56) 17) dialog: Why don’t you sit down Brendan, for a second, and we’ll tell you what we're thinking. See if you agree.
56) 19) dialog: So your mother’s fallen in love with Tony. And they’re going to move into his apartment for a while. We got an offer on this house- it’s half what it’s worth, but we’re going to take it. I can’t afford to stay here on my own.
56) 22) dialog: I’ll get an apartment, and you guys will live between there and... there.
56) 24) dialog: We'll talk about all the details. Tony’s a very nice man. I can vouch for that. This is very hard for him to say. Penny is surprised.
56) 30) dialog: Now Conor. You don’t know what you're talking about. He gets up and exits, slamming the door. After a moment, Brendan gathers his stuff and exits, shaking his head, leaving the parents sitting there on their own. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER Brendan enters his room to find Conor sitting on the hamm Brendan sets his stuff down.
60) 40) dialog: Where is it at?
60) 43) dialog: Oh yeah. Okay. I’1l try. Conor smiles, happy. He exits. EXT. CONOR’S HOUSE - DAY Music over. Conor exits his house. He looks up at a “SALE AGREED” sig his garden. He is carrying an envelope. He stuffs it into jacket and gets on his bike.
68) 0) text: Music plays over Penny is making love to A MAN (45), on the couch in an office. She is smiling and happy. INT. CONOR’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Robert is sitting in front of the TV with a sandwich and glass of whiskey. He is watching violence on TV from Nort Ireland. INT. BRENDAN’S ROOM - NIGHT Music plays over. Brenden enters his room. Restless. He is trying on his ja to go out. Looks in the mirror. The song from the gig sti playing over. He checks his watch and looks at his guitar smiles. Picks it up, sits back and strums it. Blows some off it. Tunes a string. Then gives up. Crosses the room, the needle onto the vinal. Picks up his hash paraphernali and begins rolling a joint on the back of the guitar, tap his feet to the music. Takes off his jacket. He’s not goi anywhere.
70) 58) text: He fishes them up silently, and as he does so, looks at h parents, asleep. Robert is sleeping on the floor beside t bed. Penny is on the bed, in a shaft of moonlight. Conor pauses, looking at them, almost smiling. Then his e fill up with tears. They look very vulnerable. He leans i his Mum...