0) 3) dialog: These waffles are not gluten free. Dad, you didn’t read the label.
0) 6) dialog: I didn’t do the work.
0) 15) dialog: I got it, Dad. I got it.
2) 2) dialog: They left the cash box right out on the counter. Kinda their fault if you think about it.
2) 4) dialog: Maybe I’il get a prize.
2) 11) dialog: It’s like he was expelling me for my artwork.
13) 1) dialog: You're freaking kidding me.
13) 3) dialog: 
13) 5) dialog: My friends are here, our life is here!
13) 7) dialog: That’s what you want. That’s not what I want. But you‘re not asking me, are you? Rosie sets down a dish. Excited and enthralled.
13) 9) dialog: No -- we didn’t. He did. 20. Dylan pushes back his chair and exits. Benjamin sighs, lo at Rosie, her face lit up.
13) 18) text: Benjamin is at the wheel of the moving van. Dylan draws i the backseat, lost in his headphones, as Rosie’ bounces happily. Benjamin intentionally drives past... Neal’s Cof Shop. He catches a view of the corner booth, disappearing into his past. He says goodbye with a simple gesture that only Rosie sees.
14) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan help FOUR MOVERS unload the Mee Van. Wolves are howling in the distance.
15) 3) dialog: I miss our home. Benjamin nods gamely. Shoves open the main residence door
16) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk through the zoo with the STAFF. Rosie looks at everything with wonder. Dylan follows, hands dug deep in pockets. Lily is an extrovert, she sidles up to Dylan, sizing him up.
16) 2) dialog: Uh, fourteen, I guess. He feels comfortable and uncomfortable, at the same time.
18) 0) text: They stand across the moat from three tigers -- two young females and an older male, grizzled around the whiskers. There is a weathered elegance about the older male. He is SPAR, and he walks gingerly across the exhibit, a bit cre but filled with a grand sense of supremacy. Everyone, eve the keepers, view these tigers with a sense of awe. Even Dylan draws closer with interest.
18) 10) dialog: Can we go back to the house, now?
19) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk up the hill. Kelly joins.
20) 0) text: Benjamin stands on the porch. He hears what few of us eve hear. The sounds of a zoo, alive, at night. It’s a gorgeo cacophony, instruments in a symphony. He’s falling in lov with his new life. And in the distance, the gentle sound laughter. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT Dylan is still awake, listening to the unfamiliar noises Carefully, he reaches under the bed and fishes around unt he finds what he’s looking for. A picture frame. It’s a hoto of Dylan, Rosie and their mother, Katherine. (Her fa is obscured in the darkness.) He cradles it with everythi he’s got, and waits for sleep.
24) 8) dialog: (shy) No, that’s okay. She invites herself to sit next to him. He pretends to be casual. She looks at his drawing, and at him.
24) 10) dialog: I know. He continues drawing, and she uncomfortably studies his w
24) 12) dialog: I slipped on the roof and banged it.
24) 14) dialog: Thanks.
24) 16) dialog: There’s no sun in the Underworld. She nods.
24) 18) dialog: Cool. She gets up to return to work.
24) 21) dialog: Okay. She exits. He looks up. Already he misses her. Music. ON BENJAMIN’S MUDDY NEW BOOTS Hitting the ground. INT. BENJAMIN’S OFFICE -- DAY A mountain of paperwork is stacked in the middle of the d It's so tall, it obscures most of Benjamin's body. Skinny RHONDA THE SECRETARY, 20's, drops off another billing she
25) 0) text: Dylan draws. A clock by the backyard says 4:10 PM. Here comes Lily with a basket of sandwiches. “She drops one of for him, and exits. He opens it up and sees a note. It reads: “Hi Dylan” along with a sunny drawing.
26) 0) text: The mountain of paperwork is now even bigger. We can only see the top of Benjamin’s head. Rhonda drops two more billing sheets onto the top of the stack. EXT. BACKYARD -— DAY Dylan opens up the sandwich. There is a note for him. It reads: Hil Have fun in the Underworld! L
28) 15) dialog: «+. IT have a sick amount of homework tonight.
30) 0) text: Dylan walks in, looks around. The room is filled with lif The reptiles perch on fake trees and watch him, curious. about to switch off the lights in the back room when he s the plastic travel crate. From the grated side he can see dozens of snakes, waiting to be put into the habitat. It’ Marked: AFRICAN GARTER SNAKES, NON-VENOMOUS. Dylan slowly opens the box and looks inside. The box is alive with flicking tongues and anxious slithering garter snakes. It‘s one thing to draw them, another to see them close. Yeesh. He shuts it quickly, leaving it mistakenly ajar. He turns off the light, and exits. The room is erackling with life, as snakes begin to drop from the cra onto the floor.
32) 0) text: Benjamin and Rosie pack lunches and backpacks. The mornin drill. Dylan ambles in.
32) 2) dialog: I wish it was Saturday night.
32) 4) dialog: (mutters) You're funny with other people, but never with me. Which I find funny.
32) 7) dialog: (older brother wisdom) Please. She‘s way older than me. It doesn’t work that way. Shutting the refrigerator decor, he looks out the window. is very suddenly awake. He freezes at what he sees. , a ean (CONT’D) I'm a dick.
33) 0) text: Rosie watches from the porch, fascinated and more than a little creeped out. Benjamin, Kelly, Robin... and Dylan chase snakes across the lawn. The snakes are sneaky and f and hard to catch.
33) 2) dialog: There is nothing you could say to me that would be as harsh as what I‘m saying to myself, Dad.
33) 5) dialog: What‘s so great about being happy?
33) 7) dialog: I'm sorry I effed up the box of snakes. Whatever.
33) 9) dialog: Okay, got it. Whatever. Kelly watches all. Nearby, on the porch, Rosie looks down. There is a snake her feet. She SHRIEKS.
44) 0) text: Dylan has found a nook behind an unoccupied guest home on property. He’s drawing.
44) 2) dialog: Hey. She brings him a sandwich.
44) 4) dialog: You like it?
44) 6) dialog: I know.
45) 0) text: Benjamin and Dylan ride together silently. Not speaking.
45) 2) dialog: (moody) I don’t know man, it’s a sensitive school, Benjamin sighs deeply. He rounds the corner, and stops at stop sign near the zoo. While he’s stopped, a surreal sig plays out in front of their car. It's a MASSIVE BROWN BEAR meandering across the road, lik Pedestrian crossing in front of them. The bear stops, and lumbers up to the window, stares at Benjamin, and then continues. Buster is loose. Benjamin and Dylan continue staring straight ahead, bone straight. Slowly, like the bear is in the car with him, Benjamin carefully withdraws his mobile phone.
47) 0) text: Ellis, Robin, and Kelly move across the hillside, like a ragged Wild Bunch. Music continues. EXT. DRIVEWAY -—— DAY Benjamin and Dylan screech into the driveway. Benjamin ru upstairs. INT. ROSIE’S ROOM -- DAY Benjamin enters, wild-eyed. His daughter is composed and sitting on her bed.
51) 0) text: Kelly, Robin and Benjamin secure the completely unconscio Buster into his enclosure. Dylan and Rosie watch from a s distance. The SAN DIEGO VET officiously withdraws a leath case. With much fanfare, he withdraws a “field” credit ca machine. And presents Benjamin with a bill.
52) 0) text: Benjamin is a hero. Ellis, already pleasantly high on Scotch, salutes him while playing darts. Ferris’ face has returned to the dartboard too. Camaraderie grows. Benjami gains strength from his growing family. Dylan watches, feeling excluded. Lily notices. She gestures to him. Benjamin notices them exit.
53) 0) text: Lily and Dylan sit on the roof.
56) 0) text: Benjamin stands on the porch, looking out at the zoo. INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT Dylan lies in bed, thinking about Lily.
60) 0) text: Dylan looks at his watch. 4:02. 64. Lily shows up. He’s grown used to her visits.
60) 2) dialog: Hey.
60) 4) dialog: Thanks.
60) 6) dialog: Seriously?
60) 8) dialog: We're going home? Wow! Lily wilts at his excitement over leaving. He doesn’t not her disappointment.
60) 10) dialog: Of course. Are you for real with this? She nods quietly. DYLAN (CONT’D) This is fantastic! Her face falls further.
60) 12) dialog: Sure. Hey, take care... you don’t have to... uh, leave so fast. He has no idea he’s hurt her so much.
71) 3) dialog: No clue.
72) 12) dialog: You would never do that for me.
72) 14) dialog: (new respect) Yes sir. Dylan locks around for Lily. Nowhere in sight. That never used to be the case.
76) 3) dialog: (bummed ) No.
76) 5) dialog: That’s okay. Dad‘ll be back. He’s just having a mood.
76) 7) dialog: (still drawing) Couple years.
77) 2) dialog: (embarrassed) Me. No. Not too much. 79.
77) 4) dialog: Naw. Not really. I ess I can’t talk to girls that weil.
77) 6) dialog: Yeah, well, she doesn’t talk to me anymore. Rosie returns.
81) 0) text: Benjamin goes to check, finds Dylan defiant in the hallwa
81) 1) dialog: I get it now, okay? I get why you ean’t stand me! Benjamin tries to herd Dylan, and the “problem” back into room. He immediately dismisses the content of Dylan’s wor and it pisses him off more.
81) 3) dialog: (won't budge) No! At least now I know the real reason you hate me. I heard you admit it to her. Like you were talking about corn flakes... you hate me. He catches Benjamin’s full attention. 83.
81) 5) dialog: That is BULLSHIT. Admit it. You wish I wasn’t here. With my “green” eyes. I heard you!
81) 7) dialog: I'm sick of it here. Can't you see?
81) 9) dialog: Because yo wasted our money. Some of that belonged to me.
81) 11) dialog: It's your dream! You can’t force a dream on somebody else!
81) 13) dialog: (simply) You never ask me how I’m doing. You never even taught me to shave. 84. Dylan slams into his room.
86) 6) dialog: You did your best, Dad. He knows that. Benjamin nods.
86) 8) dialog: I don’t know. I guess I didn’t listen to something she told me, or something. I liked her.
86) 10) dialog: (truthful beat) I never know what to say to you.
86) 12) dialog: “I'm sor: I brought you out here to the sticks.” Benjamin nods. He turns to Dylan.
87) 0) text: Kelly waits outside, pacing. Benjamin and Dylan walk out the tiger enclosure. “Benjamin nods to Kelly.
87) 3) dialog: Come on, Dad. Let’s go home. Benjamin nods. He walks back to the house, his arm around his son. Benjamin takes one last look back. A goodbye gesture. He wraps his arm around his son, tighter as they trudge up the hill. Dylan’s Theme. INT. ROSIE‘S ROOM ~~ NIGHT Benjamin puts Rosie to bed. He lies down on the bed besid her for a moment. And notices something. There's room beside Rosie now.
91) 0) text: Fevered activity has sprouted in all areas of the house. Dylan passes. Benjamin catches up to him.
91) 2) dialog: Sure -- 92.
91) 4) dialog: {slightly confused) Oh. Okay. Sure. Benjamin unfurls the poster. Under the banner reading Rosemoor Animal Park is... lan’s drawing of Spar. Dylan looks at it for a moment, then looks over at Benjamin.
91) 6) dialog: Where are you putting this?
93) 0) text: As the sun sets, we see the staff, the ople from the town Benjamin, Kelly, Duncan and the kids, all hard at work. Dylan looks at his watch. 4:15. Lily drives by on a cart. His hope rises. She passes without looking his way.
96) 0) text: Everyone has lined up. Benjamin, Rosie, Dylan, Kelly, Rob and, paying little attention to Dylan, the never-more- beautiful Lily. All smartly dressed. Ellis even wears a r tie and a great suit, along with his beanie. He looks strangely serene. (He’s been drinking all night.) Waiting Finally, Duncan joins them, walking over wearing the newe pair of boots we've ever seen. Benjamin notices, amused.
107) 0) text: Near the driveway, locking somber, Ferris fills out the l page and signs the report. Behind Benjamin, we find Kelly Robin, Ellis, Lily, Duncan, Rosie and Dylan all waiting.
110) 0) text: Dylan is walking up the driveway with the mail. He pauses drawing on an envelope. He passes the Jaguar, and only because he pauses to adjust his wet sock inside his shoe, does he see... : LILY’S MESSAGE WINDOW And it reads: IF YOU LOVE ME, LET ME KNOW.
111) 0) text: Dylan races to her window. She sees him and SCREAMS, and then stifles it.
111) 2) dialog: Hey. She pulls up her window.
111) 3) dialog: Am I_ just nuts to say that I missed you like crazy a lot? A lot. She shakes her head, no. ‘Two young romantics stare at ea other. One dry, and one in the rain. Lily stifles tears.
111) 4) dialog: Plus -- I wasn’t named after Bob Dylan. I was named after a dog named Dylan. 102. She laughs.
111) 6) dialog: I love it. I loved your sign. I love you.
111) 9) text: 1) Rain pounds the zoo. 2) Zoo posters on telephone poles and kiosks, drenched. 3) _The two remaining tigers hide from the downpour under enclosure overhang. 4 Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan... even Leon look out the window at the angry sky. No end in sight. 5) Ronnie the unfortunate-looking tapir shivers in the ra EXT. MEE HOUSE ROOF -~ RAINY NIGHT —- LATER Lily and Dylan are on the roof, under a window awning, ju inside the rain. Just the quiet sound of night, only rain and the sound of not~so-distant animals. They know they should be kissing. It’s awkward.
111) 10) dialog: I'd kiss you but it would be such a cliché. Lily smiles contentedly. 103. INT. OFFICE -— NIGHT Benjamin sits in his office, going over paperwork. Ellis the door.
112) 0) text: Benjamin's alarm clock goes off. He sits up. He doesn’t hear anything. He gets out of bed and walks to the window aB.ue INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- MORNING Dylan flies out of bed. He runs over to the window and pu over his curtains and sees... It's a gorgeous sunny day. He lets out a happy yell.
116) 3) dialog: They should be here. There should be a line. Right here. 106.
116) 7) dialog: I don’t believe that. I don’t. Something's wrong. And Dylan starts running down the drive.
116) 9) dialog: I know something's wrong.
116) 12) dialog: -- let‘s fix it. They work together, as everyone now catches up to them.
116) 15) dialog: They couldn‘t have gotten through even if they were here -—- Benjamin throws a leg over the downed trunk, and climbs u it. When he straightens, he can see across the hillside below. We watch his face. Shocked. Barely able to process what he sees.
117) 10) dialog: He gives Lily a sandwich. She opens it. Inside is a drawing. It’s the Underworld drawing, and in the corner, sun. She laughs. He shrugs, still not sold on the sun, bu happy she’s happy. Guess that’s a relationship. In the distance we hear... 109.
117) 14) dialog: Stand for a picture by Rosie. Arms around each other. The look... in their own still-finding—their-way manner... comfortable together.
119) 0) text: A perfect Summer day in the city. Rosie and Dylan walk do the street with Benjamin. We’re back in Benjamin's old neighborhood. He leads them around a corner, going somewh specific at a clip. He arrives at... EXT. NEAL’S COFFEE SHOP -- DAY Benjamin leads them into the Coffee Shop.