4) 0) text: He kisses Rosie’s forehead. Rises up. Stuffed animals are piled around her, she looks like one of them. 11. INT. BATHROOM -— NIGHT Benjamin washes his face before bed. He sees the other wa basin in the bathroom. It’s Katherine’s basin. Her skin creams. Her brushes, Her medicine. All still there. A note in her handwriting, the hours and times to take medication. He holds onto the sink basin and can barely stand up straight.
20) 0) text: Benjamin stands on the porch. He hears what few of us eve hear. The sounds of a zoo, alive, at night. It’s a gorgeo cacophony, instruments in a symphony. He’s falling in lov with his new life. And in the distance, the gentle sound laughter. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT Dylan is still awake, listening to the unfamiliar noises Carefully, he reaches under the bed and fishes around unt he finds what he’s looking for. A picture frame. It’s a hoto of Dylan, Rosie and their mother, Katherine. (Her fa is obscured in the darkness.) He cradles it with everythi he’s got, and waits for sleep.
88) 0) text: We come upon Benjamin, glasses on, sitting at his laptop, tucked into the corner of the kitchen, click click clicki He‘s roaming through his file of photos of Katherine and family... when the four were together... one photo after another... and we see flashes of the live-action seconds before and after the photos were taken, mixed in with the stills... Katherine’s face is always obscured in what we’ seen of her in our movie... but we see it all on Benjamin face, and in his glasses. The memories, the sadness, the loss, but most of all the unutterable joy of having share life with this person. We hear Katherine’s Theme. EXT. ZOO ~-— DAY He walks through the zoo, on his cell-phone, feeling assu
120) 0) text: KATHERINE, a dark-haired soulful beauty, is looking the o way. It’s the same memory we glimpsed earlier, now come t rich and nourishing life. BENJAMIN, seventeen years ago, sweeps up to her table wit nobility he never knew he had.
120) 3) dialog: Why not? We hold on her for a moment, and then... cUT TO BLACK