17) 7) dialog: Think he might be ugly for a tapir, but it's kinda hard to tell. Ronnie, eyes still on Benjamin, reaches his snout through fence. Benjamin reaches toward him, curious. Ronnie looks at him, thoughtfully... and methodically wipes tapir snot over Benjamin's hand.
24) 2) dialog: Not at night. Benjamin BANGS down a new wooden post.
24) 4) dialog: (laughing) You don’t talk to them correctly, Boss. Be real with them. They can tell the difference. Benjamin speaks to the Porcupine who shot him. He’s pisse
24) 6) dialog: (without looking over) Now you’re talking to him... Benjamin is getting it, and loving the journey. INT. BACKYARD —- DAY -- SAME TIME Dylan is drawing on his sketch-pad in the backyard, and L shows up with a basket of sandwiches. 33.
33) 0) text: Rosie watches from the porch, fascinated and more than a little creeped out. Benjamin, Kelly, Robin... and Dylan chase snakes across the lawn. The snakes are sneaky and f and hard to catch.
42) 2) dialog: Somewhere. Ferris looks around the place. The coffin no longer has h picture on it. The dartboard doesn’t have his face on it. He looks almost disappointed. 51. INT. HALLWAY —~ DAY Lily stands in front of a back-room door. There is a knocking from inside.
44) 13) dialog: Well, I‘d have to take a look, go through it in an itemized way. “But you're gonna have to put some more skin in the game.
44) 15) dialog: I’d say you’re looking at a buck- fifty.
44) 18) dialog: Ferris lusts you.
44) 20) dialog: I ain‘t getting at anything. Believe me.
44) 22) dialog: Shame about Boss, huh? He just got here and now he’s thinking about quitting.
44) 24) dialog: That is the posture of a quitting man.
47) 0) text: Ellis, Robin, and Kelly move across the hillside, like a ragged Wild Bunch. Music continues. EXT. DRIVEWAY -—— DAY Benjamin and Dylan screech into the driveway. Benjamin ru upstairs. INT. ROSIE’S ROOM -- DAY Benjamin enters, wild-eyed. His daughter is composed and sitting on her bed.
50) 10) dialog: Benjamin was doing some hypno- Benjamin contained him. He voodoo stuff on him —- okay. 58. Benjamin shrugs it off. He’s still in shock, really. He looks down at the tranquilized bear who was, just moments earlier, communicating deeply with him.
51) 0) text: Kelly, Robin and Benjamin secure the completely unconscio Buster into his enclosure. Dylan and Rosie watch from a s distance. The SAN DIEGO VET officiously withdraws a leath case. With much fanfare, he withdraws a “field” credit ca machine. And presents Benjamin with a bill.
62) 0) text: Benjamin exits the car. Robin meets him immediately.
62) 1) dialog: You‘ve been summoned to the Jaguar.
62) 3) dialog: No. Rhonda the Secretary is leaving for a job in Mexico. She’‘s turned everybody against you. She gays you have no money. She says you’re a fraud.
64) 0) text: Music. The level of these zookeepers’ game has been raise if possible, even higher. There is new inspiration. Ellis continues expanding Buster’s enclosure. Kelly hauls meat in a bucket. Robin replaces the fencing. Benjamin does business in his home office. He looks at a bill Robin has just delivered.
64) 2) dialog: Buster is a big bear, Benjamin. He generates... PROPELS, really... an enormous amount of waste... the girth alone... Benjamin consults his list.
74) 10) dialog: Guys. I think it’s time.
74) 12) dialog: He‘s ready. Let‘’s call the Vet. You're the owner, you have to okay it, man.
107) 0) text: Near the driveway, locking somber, Ferris fills out the l page and signs the report. Behind Benjamin, we find Kelly Robin, Ellis, Lily, Duncan, Rosie and Dylan all waiting.
116) 14) dialog: I‘1l be back in a minute. Rob runs back to get the saw. 107.