0) 0) dialog: Daddy! I can’t have this milk. I’m lactose intolerant.
0) 2) dialog: Mom always gave me Almond Milk.
0) 8) dialog: Hey Dad --
0) 13) dialog: Owe me a dollar! Benjamin is barely able to balance the swirling duties.
3) 0) text: Benjamin takes the sad dish of Lasagna and opens the refrigerator. The dish joins stacks of dishes of Lasagna other sympathy food gifts. Nearby, Rosie is making peanut butter-and-jelly sandwiches for tomorrow. She has taken o “wifely” duties -- even at 6.
3) 1) dialog: One day you’re going to have to eat some of that Lasagna, Daddy.
3) 3) dialog: Or throw it away. Benjamin sits down and sighs. He watches her carefully putting the sandwiches in Ziploc bags.
3) 7) dialog: (thinks) You‘re handsomer than the other dads. A lotta them don’t have hair. So that’s good.
3) 9) dialog: We'll call those numbers on the t.v. ads, where the men grow bald- guy hair.
3) 11) dialog: Good! She checks an imaginary box. He smiles. she labels the lunches in her 6 year-old scrawl. INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT Benjamin looks in. Asleep, Dylan looks much younger and m serene. Benjamin moves to his kid, pushes aside the mod hair, and kisses his forehead.
4) 0) text: He kisses Rosie’s forehead. Rises up. Stuffed animals are piled around her, she looks like one of them. 11. INT. BATHROOM -— NIGHT Benjamin washes his face before bed. He sees the other wa basin in the bathroom. It’s Katherine’s basin. Her skin creams. Her brushes, Her medicine. All still there. A note in her handwriting, the hours and times to take medication. He holds onto the sink basin and can barely stand up straight.
4) 1) dialog: Daddy, I can’t sleep... The neighbors again. He turns to face her, smiling and calm.
4) 3) dialog: Their “happy” is too loud. He turns to her. An idea has arrived.
5) 4) dialog: King Daddy! Rosie is still in her pajamas.
5) 9) dialog: I wish Dylan had come with us! This is fun! The Real-Estate Man remains humorless.
5) 14) dialog: No!
5) 16) dialog: Mmmm. No.
5) 18) dialog: No. Not quite. The Real-Estate Man is unamused. Benjamin and Rosie’s repartee is not his style. 13.
5) 20) dialog: Dad. Benjamin turns to see that Rosie has found a flyer from d in the back-seat binder. She presents it grandly.
9) 0) text: Benjamin, holding Rosie (and her dinosaur and a small pur on his shoulders, looks at the property.
9) 3) dialog: Why not?
11) 0) text: The Real-Estate Man, Benjamin and Rosie stand in front of SOLOMON. Solomon happens to be a large African lion with majestic mane, standing at attention, studying these strangers suspiciously. Benjamin and Rosie stare at the awesome animal. Separated only by a small moat, alone in zoo, the relationship between man and animal gets a littl more... personal. Solomon ROARS again. And this one, close-up, rips our hea off. They collect themselves. Mournfully:
11) 11) dialog: She's surrounded by a small crowd of peacocks and peahens spreading their fans in the air. She’s in the middie, delighted, feeding them her animal crackers. Relaxed, hap carefree, a kid. Music returns. It’s Rosie’s Theme.
13) 0) text: Rosie is serving dinner to the two men in her life.
13) 8) dialog: We bought the zoo?
13) 10) dialog: We bought a zoo!!!! Benjamin and Rosie laugh with joy. Leon barks, cheerful. INT. MEE‘S BEDROOM -- DAY Benjamin packs. He's powered by destiny, can’t move fast enough. He dumps a handful of clothes into a box marked f Goodwill. Rosie walks over, looks in the box and fishes out... a tattered college sweatshirt that says: USD. She holds it up to him ~-- really?
13) 11) dialog: Mommy used to wear this sometimes.
13) 14) dialog: It’s time. Let that sweatshirt start over. He throws the sweatshirt into the Goodwill box. And then holds up a severely tattered stuffed monkey.
13) 16) dialog: Never. That we’re keeping.
13) 18) text: Benjamin is at the wheel of the moving van. Dylan draws i the backseat, lost in his headphones, as Rosie’ bounces happily. Benjamin intentionally drives past... Neal’s Cof Shop. He catches a view of the corner booth, disappearing into his past. He says goodbye with a simple gesture that only Rosie sees.
13) 20) dialog: We're here! EXT. ROSEMOOR ENTRANCE —- RAINY LATER AFTERNOON They turn down the driveway, and gain their first family of the Rosemoor property. In this gray rainy afternoon light, it looks much less appealing. More scary and decre than beautiful. leon whimpers, and yelps. Dylan lets out long judgmental whistle. Benjamin doesn’t notice. He only sees the beauty. He will not be deterred. In fact, he’s enthralled. He drives a victory lap around the property.
14) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan help FOUR MOVERS unload the Mee Van. Wolves are howling in the distance.
16) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk through the zoo with the STAFF. Rosie looks at everything with wonder. Dylan follows, hands dug deep in pockets. Lily is an extrovert, she sidles up to Dylan, sizing him up.
16) 3) dialog: Where are the otters? I‘d love to see the otters and the snakes and the monkeys.
16) 10) dialog: No!
17) 4) dialog: Who's that?
17) 9) dialog: Can we see the tigers?
18) 1) dialog: I thought they would roar. Like Solomon the Lion. Kelly is slightly annoyed by this constant misconception.
18) 5) dialog: Wow! Boom. We hear the sound of a gunshot.
19) 0) text: Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan walk up the hill. Kelly joins.
20) 0) text: Benjamin stands on the porch. He hears what few of us eve hear. The sounds of a zoo, alive, at night. It’s a gorgeo cacophony, instruments in a symphony. He’s falling in lov with his new life. And in the distance, the gentle sound laughter. INT. DYLAN’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT Dylan is still awake, listening to the unfamiliar noises Carefully, he reaches under the bed and fishes around unt he finds what he’s looking for. A picture frame. It’s a hoto of Dylan, Rosie and their mother, Katherine. (Her fa is obscured in the darkness.) He cradles it with everythi he’s got, and waits for sleep.
27) 2) dialog: That's okay, Dad.
29) 0) text: This is where the tigers sleep at night. Rosie watches Benjamin put water in the tiger enclosure. Benjamin looks Spar. He talks to the animal soothingly, with growing ski
29) 3) dialog: He looks tired, Dad.
29) 6) dialog: Dylan really loves you, you know.
29) 8) dialog: He's just mad that his friends don’t visit him here. He thought they'd all visit and nobody came. Benjamin nods to himself.
31) 0) text: Benjamin puts Rosie to bed. She nestles in among the stuf animals, and pillows. Some fans are blowing.
31) 1) dialog: Could you possibly point another fan at me?
31) 3) dialog: I like it!
31) 5) dialog: You’re funny. 39.
31) 9) dialog: Just thought we should keep it. Benjamin decides to speak honestly to her, too. Just as w the animals, he is finding his voice in every way.
32) 0) text: Benjamin and Rosie pack lunches and backpacks. The mornin drill. Dylan ambles in.
32) 6) dialog: Dylan likes Lily.
33) 0) text: Rosie watches from the porch, fascinated and more than a little creeped out. Benjamin, Kelly, Robin... and Dylan chase snakes across the lawn. The snakes are sneaky and f and hard to catch.
44) 16) dialog: Yay! A dollar-fifty. I have it!
47) 0) text: Ellis, Robin, and Kelly move across the hillside, like a ragged Wild Bunch. Music continues. EXT. DRIVEWAY -—— DAY Benjamin and Dylan screech into the driveway. Benjamin ru upstairs. INT. ROSIE’S ROOM -- DAY Benjamin enters, wild-eyed. His daughter is composed and sitting on her bed.
47) 2) dialog: (casually) I know. Buster's loose. You'll find him. 56.
50) 18) dialog: (wide-eyed) I was supposed to stay in my room. Dylan looks across, to Lily. Lily has begun to dress more darkly, and wear make-up.
51) 0) text: Kelly, Robin and Benjamin secure the completely unconscio Buster into his enclosure. Dylan and Rosie watch from a s distance. The SAN DIEGO VET officiously withdraws a leath case. With much fanfare, he withdraws a “field” credit ca machine. And presents Benjamin with a bill.
66) 5) dialog: Nice one, Dad. You pick good bulbs.
66) 7) dialog: Nope, I’m good. She sees a group of city kids, just about her age, wander by, looking prematurely mature. Benjamin hurries her alon ROSIE (CONT’D) How come you don’t tell stories anymore?
66) 9) dialog: I wish we could teil Mom.
67) 0) text: Benjamin and Rosie lean across the counter in the same fashion. The spritely CASHIER moves into shot.
67) 7) dialog: (loves saying it) We bought a zoo!
71) 2) dialog: {nothing) Where is she?
72) 0) text: A thicket of peacocks with their fans up. They scatter at the noise of Benjamin on the porch, revealing Rosie.
72) 2) dialog: Dad, look. One of the peahens is calmly perched on the ground. ROSIE (CONT’D) it’s Lucy. She laid her eggs.
72) 4) dialog: {upset) But you won’t let anyone eat the eggs, will you? It’s not her fault she’s not smart.
72) 6) dialog: If we don’t help her, then I’m not going to school.
72) 8) dialog: Won’t. Go. Rosie crosses her arms, stands firm.
72) 10) dialog: Yes I do. 74. They regard each other.
76) 0) text: Rosie sits next to Lucy, who perches on her eggs. Lucy lo at Rosie. Rosie looks at Lucy. They've been doing this fo a long time. Kelly arrives. Your dad around?
76) 1) dialog: He said he was going to think. He does that sometimes. Nearby, Dylan is on the porch, sketch-pad in hand, doing drawings of the nighttime sky.
77) 0) text: They eat pizza together. Still no Benjamin. Rosie takes t plates inside.
87) 5) dialog: I put my stuffed animals in the closet last night.
87) 7) dialog: They’re not real you know. 89.
87) 9) dialog: I think Mom would've really liked it here, you know that?
87) 11) dialog: Know 50. INT. DYLAN’S ROOM -- NIGHT Dylan is asleep. Benjamin tucks him in. His attention is drawn to a piece of artwork on Dylan’s desk. It’s a beautiful, finely wrought drawing of Spar. We hear noise. Click click click...
92) 0) text: The Peahen’s eggs are being pecked at with tiny beaks. Rosie hovers nearby. They watch as the baby peacocks poke their heads out. Benjamin puts his arm around Rosie, who is enthralled, as they continue watching. There is noise, and Benjamin turn to see... Duncan's BMW, nosing up the driveway. Benjamin shakes his head as Duncan parks and exits. He calls out to him.
92) 5) dialog: Don’t turn on the tears, Daddy!
96) 0) text: Everyone has lined up. Benjamin, Rosie, Dylan, Kelly, Rob and, paying little attention to Dylan, the never-more- beautiful Lily. All smartly dressed. Ellis even wears a r tie and a great suit, along with his beanie. He looks strangely serene. (He’s been drinking all night.) Waiting Finally, Duncan joins them, walking over wearing the newe pair of boots we've ever seen. Benjamin notices, amused.
97) 0) text: Ferris and Benjamin walk through the zoo, trailed by Dyla and Rosie who watch at a distance. They pass the Monkeys.
107) 0) text: Near the driveway, locking somber, Ferris fills out the l page and signs the report. Behind Benjamin, we find Kelly Robin, Ellis, Lily, Duncan, Rosie and Dylan all waiting.
111) 9) text: 1) Rain pounds the zoo. 2) Zoo posters on telephone poles and kiosks, drenched. 3) _The two remaining tigers hide from the downpour under enclosure overhang. 4 Benjamin, Rosie and Dylan... even Leon look out the window at the angry sky. No end in sight. 5) Ronnie the unfortunate-looking tapir shivers in the ra EXT. MEE HOUSE ROOF -~ RAINY NIGHT —- LATER Lily and Dylan are on the roof, under a window awning, ju inside the rain. Just the quiet sound of night, only rain and the sound of not~so-distant animals. They know they should be kissing. It’s awkward.
114) 0) text: Benjamin is finishing getting dressed when Rosie looks in She’s picked out a special dress for the occasion. Her ha is in two utterly perfect braided pigtails. Benjamin looks at her, confused, How did that happen? The door swings open to reveal Kelly, standing beside her.
116) 1) dialog: What time is it?
117) 3) dialog: ».. this is Lucy and Wesley and Peaches, Jackpot, and Coco, and these are the babies.... The group of Visitors listen, riveted. 108. ROSIE (CONT’D) Peafowl are very resilient animals. Some have escaped from captivity and have established wild communities. However, due to the fact that there are so many peafowl, some people consider them to be a zoologically insignificant animal. She smiles. ROSIE (CONT’D) We ignore those people.
117) 15) dialog: This one’s for Spar! Snap. With joy: ROSIE (CONT‘D) And mama! ! Snap.
119) 0) text: A perfect Summer day in the city. Rosie and Dylan walk do the street with Benjamin. We’re back in Benjamin's old neighborhood. He leads them around a corner, going somewh specific at a clip. He arrives at... EXT. NEAL’S COFFEE SHOP -- DAY Benjamin leads them into the Coffee Shop.
119) 4) dialog: I leve that you‘re telling us stories again.