1) 166) text: MARIANE sits with BAUMAN. She is tense. She stares out of the window, seeing the crowds of people, the mosques, the offices, the houses. We see Danny in the back of a taxi being driven through Karachi The convoy snakes its way through the thick traffic, braving the chaos and cacophony of the over-crowded, congested streets.
1) 198) dialog: You can go. I’m going to wait here. Thanks. He pays him and the taxi drives off, leaving Danny alone outside the restaurant. INT_ASRA’S HOUSE NIGHT 142
1) 313) text: MARIANE stands on the verandah alone. The slow, interminable passing of time weighing on her. The nights worse than the days. DANNY stroking Mariane, kissing her, making love to her CAPTAIN joins her. She looks round.
2) 2) text: Danny... He passes the phone over to Steve. *
2) 28) dialog: It’s amazing how much you can love someone you've never met. INT MARIANE’S BEDROOM MORNING 191 MARIANE AND ASRA are asleep. The phone rings. CAPTION: 08.57 5th February 2002 They both are immediately awake. Asra gets to the phone first. But when she picks up, the line goes dead.
2) 123) text: 220 221 222 MARIANE (cont'd) and made the others watch as he bled to death. The 178 passengers were then swapped for 3 militants. One of them was Omar Saeed Sheikh. MARIANE’s face. None of the information she is uncovering makes her feel optimistic. - ‘ - 220 MARIANE is chanting in front of her shrine. DANNY is about to get into the taxi, the door open. He cups MARIANE's neck, pulls her to him, and kisses her cheek. He looks at her for a beat then he jumps in back of the cab. And he is gone. = ’ = 221 MARIANE comes back into the main room. ASRA is reading Saint Exupery’s “The Little Prince”. She looks sad.
2) 161) dialog: It’s our own private jet. I could get used to it. They sneak a kiss. Mariane looks radiantly happy.
2) 162) dialog: You‘re not allowed to lose your smile, OK? We're going to get old and fat - and bald - but you can’t lose that smile.
2) 169) dialog: Shit. We're in trouble.
2) 171) dialog: The journal’s telling everyone how its co-operating with the CIA. Brilliant.
2) 174) dialog: Great. 116. 227 INT_ASRA’S HOUSE DAY 227 PICK UP on the discussion.
2) 198) text: The sun is setting. MARIANE standing in the room, surrounded by DANNY’s belongings. The sound of the MUEZZIN and the familiar call to prayer.
2) 253) dialog: Peshawar, Pakistan - As a Muslim and ethnic Pashtun, Fazal-e-Maula has some sympathy for the ruling Taliban in Afghanistan. But on September 11th as he watched the television replays of airplanes crashing into the World Trade Center in New York, he knew what to do: Buy Afghanis EXT PESHAWAR MONEY MARKET _— DAY 245 DANNY and MARIANE wander through the bustling chowk, meeting people carrying huge piles of money, interviewing them. Enjoying the energy.
2) 256) dialog: ..Some traders acknowledge mixed feelings about profiting from the demise of the Taliban, which had its roots in Peshawar’s religious schools. “It’s not my regular job,” Younus Khan, a 25 year old cloth trader with a shaggy Taliban style beard, said by way of an apology, after gaining the equivalent of $1,500 in Saturday’s trading. Then his face brightens. “I’1l give this money as a donation for jihad purposes,” he says. = ’ = = 245A MARIANE suddenly looks up from the articles. She looks wo out, her features drawn from severe sleep deprivation. STEVE and BUSSEY look at her.
2) 292) dialog: My father is Jewish, my mother is Jewish, I am Jewish. In the town of Benei Beraq in Israel there’s a street called Chaim Pearl Street, which is named after my great-grandfather, who was one of the founders of the town. We watch Dost, Randall, Captain.
2) 366) dialog: My father is Jewish, my mother is Jewish, I am Jewish. = ‘ = = 277 MARIANE still lying on the bed. Still imagining DANNY.
2) 370) dialog: In the town of Benei Berag in Israel there’s a street called Chaim Pearl Street, which is named after my great-grandfather, who was one of the founders of the town. = f = = 278 MARIANE is still there in bed, tears on her face.