7) 1) text: DANNY DIETZ sleeps. His walls covered with his art. Demon and Dragons and Serpents. Beautiful and haunting. Picture his wife, Patsy. His dogs. His parents. Matt Axelson sleeps. Curly red hair. Pictures of his fami American flag. Freddie Couples walking the bridge at St. Andrews. Map of Afghanistan.
10) 25) dialog: Come on Mike.
16) 0) text: Sun setting over the Afghan desert. Thirty SEALs laying o the deck on their gear. Chilling out waiting for the 47's The guys laying around. Danny studies a piece of paper wi color tile samples printed on it.
16) 2) dialog: There’s nothing to straighten out.
16) 4) dialog: We're not fighting?
16) 6) dialog: We're more like disagreeing. 23.
16) 8) dialog: Probably more like mildly arguing. Just because you’re Mr. Perfect marriage, don’t be judging us mortal marriages who occasionally have mild disagreements, sometimes even loving arguments.
16) 10) dialog: It’s not an argument.
16) 12) dialog: What the fuck is everyone listening to my shit for?
16) 14) dialog: You're louder than I am.
16) 16) dialog: I picked the tile. She doesn’t like it.
16) 18) dialog: (reading from paper) “Rose Honey Dew”
16) 20) dialog: She likes rose honey dew...something. 24.
16) 22) dialog: That’s what she likes.
16) 25) dialog: Can we talk about something else?
16) 27) dialog: I don’t wanna talk about that.
22) 11) text: 100 stone and wood homes, well-constructed. Looks almost charming. A couple of dozen Afghan villagers in different parts of the village, kids playing, women cooking, two me working on a roof. Looks quite peaceful. Left: trying to see the rest of the village. Can’t get a view, a mountain is blocking his view. Danny has the radio out and is calling in the arrival pro word.
22) 12) dialog: (on radio) Beastmaster, this is Spartan 01, radio check.
23) 4) dialog: Beastmaster, this is Spartan 01. I pass Schlitz Malt liquor. How copy? Really weak signal.
23) 6) dialog: Beastmaster, this is Spartan 01. I pass Schlitz Malt Liquor, how copy.
26) 3) dialog: (to Murphy) No joy.
27) 0) text: Sun getting higher. Low fog. Murphy, Axe, Luttrell sleep. Danny on watch. Wedged into a tree stump. ON DANNY. Tired but awake. Alert. Quietly singing to himself. TIGHT ON DANNY. His eyes a micro shift of focus. He still himself ever so slightly. DANNY’s POV He’s looking down hill. Wide gentle slope of the mountain leading to a sharper drop. The fire lights up the village below. Nothing moves. BACK to Danny. Eyes more focused. He slowly reaches down kills the iPod. Silence. Danny studies the hill with increasing focus. POV. Nothing moves. The three SEALs sleep. Tight on Luttrell. Sleeping. THEN a very faint sound from down hill. Silence. Then another. Luttrell slowly opens his eyes. Listening. Another sound, a soft bell. Marcus shifts, looks down hill. Marcus's POV Looking down hill. Nothing moving. The sounds becoming mo present. Bells. Tight on Luttrell. Looking. 36.
27) 4) dialog: Down Down Down. The kid screams and starts running downhill towards the village. AXE sprints on him fast, takes the kid down, han over mouth. Kid bites and struggles wild. Goats running in fear as the three Afghans are roughly th down. Searched, a military style Motorola walkie talkie t from the old man, flex-cuffed and gagged... When it’s done the four SEALs stand over them. Murphy loo at Luttrell.
29) 0) text: Danny continues to try his radio.
29) 1) dialog: Spartan 01, Spartan base...Spartan 01, Spartan base... Nothing. Murphy standing just off the group calls Luttrell over.
30) 25) dialog: Don’t know.
30) 27) dialog: No, it’s fine but they won’t fucking answer me.
33) 4) dialog: I could go down to the village and ask to borrow a phone. Murphy just stares at the goat herders. 46.
33) 13) dialog: I thought about that. Probably. I don't fucking know. More dog barking, goat baying, bells ringing. The kids ar staring rage into the eyes of the Americans.
33) 14) dialog: We gotta do something boss.
33) 23) text: Danny? Danny takes a long look at the goat herders. Finally...
33) 24) dialog: I don’t give a shit what you decide. I’m not a lawyer. Just tell me what to do Murph. You're the big bucks, earn em’. Murphy turns to Marcus.
33) 44) dialog: It’s your call bro.
33) 46) dialog: Yea I have an opinion. Two opinions. One is that for the record I don’t give a fuck what anyone thinks about what the fuck we do up here. We do what we do. What we have to do. That’s it. That’s our business.
33) 48) dialog: Two is, this is the Navy and you’re the boss and your job is to be the boss and my job is to do what I’m fucking told.
33) 50) dialog: So you tell me what to do and it will be done. Murphy looks to Marcus.
33) 54) dialog: Look at them. They fucking hate us. We don’t know how many Hajji’s they have down there. We can’t let them go.
33) 67) dialog: Roger that.
38) 3) dialog: (on radio) Anvil 1 this is Spartan 01, over. Nothing.
38) 38) dialog: Looking up the hill which is now swarming with Taliban. Dozens of soldiers flowing down hill flanking them.
38) 39) dialog: Do they see us?
38) 45) dialog: Spartan 01 reporting major enemy contact. We need help. Spartan 01 reporting major enemy contact. Request immediate QRF! Spartan 01 requesting immediate ORF. Murphy’s doing the same with his SAT phone. He’s moving r trying to dial up the TOC. Not getting through. Danny’s left two fingers HIT. Dangling bloody and mangled He tries to put them back into his hand. Jams his ring fi back into its socket. His pinkie is beyond repair.
38) 46) dialog: Marcus! Luttrell turns, Danny holds up his fucked up hand.
38) 48) dialog: Roger that. Taliban gunfire is picking up. Axe the deepest right kill two Taliban. Two more immediately fill their positions.
38) 50) dialog: I made the call. Don’t know if it went through. You?
38) 52) dialog: Fuck. Marcus is pushing right behind Axe trying to break the ri Taliban flank. Charging the Ambush. 64.
38) 54) text: From behind at least 12 Tabliban fighters pushing deeper the right side. Two more Taliban hit. The remaining start taking solid covering positions, firing down at the four SEALs. Axe being the closest takes the majority of the firepower Decent cover from a granite boulder which is getting hack to pieces by the incoming AK fire. Razor sharp stone shrapnel chunks slicing into Axe’s face neck. Blood runs down his face drips off his chin. Luttrell getting equally shot up. Returning fire. His cov rock getting shot up bad. Chunks of granite tearing into face and neck. FURTHER to the left, Danny and Murphy shooting, trying to closer to Luttrell and Axe. Danny takes another round, blowing clear through his righ thigh shattering his right femur. Blood, muscle chunks an bone tear through his pants.
38) 55) dialog: Goddammitt. Pissed he keeps moving. Firing. Ignoring his two gunshots Hand and Leg. Danny moves up with Murphy behind some decent cover.
38) 57) dialog: Roger that. 65.
38) 59) dialog: Negative. Murphy looks up towards Axe who is far right.
40) 19) dialog: No problem.
40) 48) dialog: (eyes tight, through mashed teeth) Goddamn this sucks. Luttrell and Murphy slam into the tree hide propping Dann up. The four SEALs back together ready to fight. Marcus tryin to treat Danny; pulling out his Burst Kit Danny recovering staring down at his blood-soaked hand, dazed, looks to Marcus
40) 49) dialog: Marcus, I’m shot.
40) 51) dialog: (muttering to himself) Mess up my drawing hand, that pisses me off. Danny raises his gun uphill, takes aim at a Taliban fight jumping from rock to rock. Danny fires killing the Taliba Re-aims, fires, kills a second. Re-aims, fires, kills a third. Looks to Marcus.
40) 52) dialog: I can fight.
40) 58) dialog: I tried ‘em at least three times boss.
40) 60) dialog: Nothing. Murphy and Dietz both take rounds. Danny in the foot. Three of Murphy’s right toes blow off. His boot leaking blood. Murphy returning fire. Hot brass shell casings falling in his shirt.
45) 16) dialog: On his back. M4 by his side. Taraq and his fighters move in. More Taliban clearing the tree line behind them. Taraq looks down at Dietz’s body. Turns and looks down the cliff. Taraq reaches down, picks up Dietz’s M4. Looks it over. Reaches back down. Takes one of Danny’s Grenades.
60) 0) text: Tracking tight with Taraq. His worn sandaled feet slowly stepping down the mountain. He’s following blood drops. Tight on beaded stone necklace with seven American Dog Ta hanging from it like human scalps. Tight on a blood soaked dog tag: “Danny Dietz” We move across the faces of several of these Afghan warri They feel more like Comanche Indians than anything else. Fierce and focused, guns up, they hunt Americans.