5) 2) dialog: Please, we want no trouble. Mehrabani/lutfan, monga hes mushkil no ghowaro Taragq throws Gulab down hard. Turns, locks eyes with an Afghan man(30s). Taraq moves quickly at him, kicking him the face, his foot down hard on his throat.
70) 6) text: No menace just mutual curiosity. Luttrell picks himself up. Studies the wolf closely. Water drips off the side of the Wolf's face. His coat seems wet. Luttrell turns. Listens. HEARS the SOUND of falling water. TRACK with Luttrell towards the sound of the water. Luttrell moves to 20 ft. waterfall, pouring into a beauti clear pool of crystal clear fresh water. Luttrell tries to slide down the steep cliff sides of the water pool. Too excited, moving too fast, Luttrell slips, falling, tumbling. He falls fast into the water. UNDERWATER. Luttrell cuts through the water. Like a baptism as the co water surrounds him. Luttrell stays under water. Eyes clo Feeling it. Finally comes up. SURFACES. Swims to the shore on his hands and knees. LUTTRELL drinks. And drinks...... Slurping like a broken animal. Grabbing for hunks of water plants. Luttrell eats. Shovin the plants into his mouth. Desperate for any kind of ener TIGHT on LUTTRELL. Slowly freezes. Senses something. Slowly looks up. LUTTRELL’S POV: Three Afghan men. One man we recognize as Gulab. 110. A young Afghan boy. NOT Taraq’s crew. Three different men. One holds a machete. Staring down at this broken SEAL. Luttrell stares back at these men. A moment of silence. Then. Luttrell reaches for a grenade. Pulls the pin. Holds the armed grenade. The Afghan men appear non pulsed.
70) 8) dialog: Not Taliban. Luttrell studies Gulab. Looks deep into his eyes. Luttrell looks from Gulab to the other Afghan men. Their faces seem kind. Nothing like the death looks we have see from the Taliban.
70) 9) dialog: Come. Gulab slowly stepping to and reaching for Luttrell. Voices heard from deeper into the woods. Taraq and his crew getting closer. One of Gulab’s men says something quiet to Gulab. 111. Gulab reaches his hand out to Luttrell... Luttrell looks deep into Gulab’s eyes. Armed grenade in one hand, Luttrell slowly reaches his ri bleeding hand out. Tight on two hands grabbing each other. As they pull him up, out of the stream, voices of Taragq his men suddenly much closer. Gulab whispers something to one of his men. Luttrell is quickly pushed down into a crevasse between t rocks. A young Afghan boy sits on top of Luttrell hiding him further. Luttrell eyes wide, clutching his grenade. The young boy gently patting Luttrell’s back, trying to c him.
70) 12) dialog: Peace be with you my brother we are from Kandish.
70) 14) dialog: We are my brother.
70) 16) dialog: Pa khair zma wrora, mong da Kandish you.
70) 18) dialog: Aw baley zamaa rora.
70) 20) dialog: You are the only people we have seen. Taraq studies Gulab. Looks closely. TARAQ’s POV 112.
70) 22) dialog: Tasey yawazaney khalk ye che mong waledaley. Luttrell’s blood on his right hand. A drop drips into the water.
70) 25) dialog: We have been cutting trees all day my friend. Usually there is much more blood. In the CREVASSE.
70) 26) dialog: Dosta, Monga tola wraz waney ghosawoo, Zyatara wakht zmong lawsoona weeney kege. Luttrell is freaking out. Hyperventilating. The young boy keeps gently patting his back. Taraq studies Gulab on more beat.
70) 28) dialog: I understand.
70) 30) dialog: And may peace be with you as well my brother.
70) 32) dialog: Za pohegam.
70) 34) dialog: Allah de ta hum pa aman ke dare. 112A. Taragq and his men take off. Hold on Gulab and his men a couple of beats. 91 92 93 113. Gulab signals to one man who quickly and silently moves u the little cliff. Signals that it is clear. Gulab quickly moves to a very confused Luttrell, pulling out of the crevasse.
70) 36) dialog: No Taliban. On Luttrell as the Afghans quickly move him into the wood The little Afghan boy continues patting Luttrell’s leg fo comfort.
71) 0) text: Frantic activity as rescue teams are tracked. SEALs, Rang Green Berets, Marines. Small tracking teams inserted all throughout the area. Each assigned to different villages. Tight on a map as we see the KANDISH village. EXT. GULAB’S VILLAGE 92 Luttrell with Gulab and the Afghans being led into the sm village. He’s walking weak with an arm on Gulab’s shoulde the grenade still tight in right hand. Luttrell’s POV: The Village. Men women, children, animals all staring at Giant broken American. An alien entering their world. Marcus staring back in equal confusion. Locking eyes with 90 year old woman. The young boy by his side points to the woman. Has a conversation with her. Pointing to Marcus’s Texas leg. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 93 Luttrell laid down on a mattress.
71) 1) dialog: We get Americans for you.
71) 7) dialog: Yes, we know.
71) 10) dialog: Please leave our village. Mehrabani okey zamonga kali perigadey
71) 12) dialog: We want no trouble with you, Mong taso sara hes moshkel n please leave. ghawaro, mehrabani/lutfan da dey zaya larr shey. Taraq studies Gulab a beat, then without warning smashes in the side of the face. Gulab takes a knee. Looks up. Tarag hits him again. Pure humiliation. Tight on Gulab, tears water, as he summons his courage an stands tall, defiant, eyes blazing back at Taraq. 94 INT. LUTTRELL’S ROOM 115. 94 Luttrell’s room as Taraq and his men come smashing throug the door. Luttrell weak, tries to get up, is smashed down to the fl by Taraq. Luttrell tries to fight back. He is too weak, he is kicke and pounded viscously by Tarag and his men. Grenade just of reach. Luttrell is flipped on his back. Arms and legs held down Taraq gets on top of him, knife out.
71) 15) dialog: Enough. Taraq slowly stands.
71) 17) dialog: You will not harm this man in my home.
71) 19) dialog: He is my guest. You will leave our village.
71) 20) dialog: bas.
71) 22) dialog: Ta ba zama pa koor ki dey sara ta hes na waye.
71) 24) dialog: hagha zama milma day. Taso zmong da kali wozey. 95 96 97
71) 26) dialog: Then you will fight my entire tribe. 116.
71) 28) dialog: Bya ba zma tola qabila staey khilaf jange kawe. A tense stand off, Taraq staring at Gulab. He and his men slowly release Luttrell...move out past Gulab.
71) 30) dialog: Stay away from this village.
71) 32) dialog: Da dey kali na larey osey. They stare inches apart. Taraq smiles, orders his men out Taraq stops, turns back, faces the entire village.
73) 0) text: 96 Tarag on cell phone as he climbs up a small hill overlook Gulab’s village. Taraq’s calling in more men, waiting. EXT. GULAB’S VILLAGE 97 Gulab and three of his tribesmen having a heated conversation, argument over Luttrell. Feels similar to th SEALs debating the ROE on the mountain top. 116A. Women in packs watch from a distance. 98 117. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 98 The little boy squatting on floor next to Luttrell, won't take his eyes off him. An odd staring contest.
74) 0) text: Shah, with five more heavily armed Taliban, join Taraq in woods. Brief conversation in Arabic -- Taraq briefs Shah situation. Now ten in total, they stare down at Gulab’s village. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 100 The little boy has brought back a small live duck. Presen it to Luttrell.
75) 0) text: Under the full moon the trekker moves across a mountain t Gulab and his villagers stand watch over their village. 1 Luttrell sleeps. His fever burning. 101B
78) 0) text: C-130 pilots getting instructions to move into the Kandis Village area. Gunmen settling into fire positions. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 105 Luttrell wakes. A small fire. Gulab and the little boy staring at Luttrell. Luttrell struggles to sit up. Gulab hands him water. Luttrell drinks in massive gulps. Choking. Gulab takes water bottle from Marcus.
78) 1) dialog: (arabic) Slow. Gulab hands Luttrell a bowl of cooked Lamb. Luttrell starts inhaling the meat. Fist fulls. As he star choking.
78) 2) dialog: (arabic) Slow. Luttrell nods. Trying to slow down. Trying to show a semblance of control. Gulab points to the Texas flag on Marcus’s vest.
78) 3) dialog: America?
78) 5) dialog: America? 106 121.
79) 0) text: TARAQ attacks with his men. Brutal fight. Hand to hand, gun on gun. Gulab shot, Marcu shot again. The Taliban is about to kill Marcus when the little boy calls out to Marcus.
81) 0) text: Luttrell loaded in the chopper, looks back at Gulab, reac for him. Gulab takes his hand.