5) 0) text: INTERCUT AFGHAN VILLAGE. Intro Afghan warlord. AHMAD SHAH 35 years old. Tall, strong. Fierce. He moves through an Afghan village with a small pack of equally fierce Taliba warriors. LOCAL AFGHANS avoid eye contact. This Shah and crew feel like an old school western bad guy moving through a cow t NOTHING like the SUICIDE BOMBERS of BAGDAD. These are rea warriors. Strong-jawed. Thin but ripped muscles. Worn ric soulful faces, vivid eyes, color reds and blues. Strong boots. Military vests. Good radio equipment. Well-maintai weapons. Shah’s number two is TARAQ. Late twenties. Shah is viciou TARAQ, is more vicious. Strong and very, very violent. A very worthy opponent. RIGHT now they are clearly pissed. Shah leads the way, wa with purpose. They are looking for a man. Someone has violated TALIBAN accused of aiding the Americans. Shah moves into a house. Women and children terrified. Trembling. Women pleading.
5) 5) dialog: You lie! Ta Dorogh wayee!
5) 7) text: He’s pressing down hard. Choking the man. The man’s famil begs and screams. Shah studies the Afghan deep into his e Decides he’s lying...Shah nods to Taraq. Taraq yanks the Afghan to his feet. As his children watch Taraq leads the pleading farmer outside. Into the woods. Taragq and his men throw the Afghan down over a fallen lo Face up. Two of Taraq’s men hold him by the beard as Taraq stands him. Razor sharp machete up. Shah backlit. Ignoring the man’s pleading...as Taraq hack down with brutal fury. Tight on Shah, tight on Taraq, blood dripping from his ha
26) 65) text: Ahmad Shah moving through village. Taraq and two him, all armed.
37) 0) text: Quiet. A couple of small fires. Some cooking. A group of young boys playing with sticks. Women cooking as - The yo GOAT BOY comes tearing, full sprint into the village. TIGHT ON THE GOAT BOY. Eyes wide. Screaming for Shah. Villagers start to gather. Shah approaches the boys. Breathing hard, they point up the mountain. A couple of Taliban hear this. Take off into the woods. TRACKING with the two Taliban. As they sprint deeper into the woods. Into the Taliban ca Taliban soldiers sleeping. The two find Shah and Taraq. T them about the Americans. Shah quickly on his walkie talkie, old school but deathly effective. Rounding up his fighters. Quick shots of the Taliban army. Feels like 150 men. Armi themselves. AK’s, RPG's, grenades, a lot of ammo. Radio g Quiet, cool, professional. These Afghan soldiers are load up big time...
38) 42) text: A fierce-eyed Taliban warrior peering straight into the scope. Black eyes and thick black beard. The barrel of hi pointed dead on Luttrell. Hold. THEN. Luttrell fires once. Blowing the man’s head off. An odd brief moment of silence as the head shot Afghan stumbles, still standing, still clutching his AK-47. He t three more steps towards Luttrell. Stops. Luttrell shoots again removes what's left of the fighter’ head. The Afghan starts to fall and as he hits the ground, all BREAKS LOOSE. From above and half way down both flanks the Taliban open fire. Screaming at each other, communicating through violent, l bursts of Pashto, the Taliban moving fast down the hill. Agile and fearless, not weighted down with US-style gear, they are able to leap boulders, fallen trees. Taraq in the middle of the pack on the top of the SEALs. TOP - Shah calmly giving orders into his radio comms. ON MURPHY. Taliban moving down the hill on both sides. Shooting as t move. A solid line of at least fifty Taliban in firing position top of the hill above them. The SEALs are close to being surrounded. MURPHY checks his rear.
44) 0) text: Over the back of Taraq, fighters on both sides. Slow mo a they move fast through, in front of them the ravine hidin the SEALs. Tight on Taraq. Smelling blood. Rage and hatred filled eyes. The Taliban fighters, like Apache warriors, picking up sp Guns up.
60) 0) text: Tracking tight with Taraq. His worn sandaled feet slowly stepping down the mountain. He’s following blood drops. Tight on beaded stone necklace with seven American Dog Ta hanging from it like human scalps. Tight on a blood soaked dog tag: “Danny Dietz” We move across the faces of several of these Afghan warri They feel more like Comanche Indians than anything else. Fierce and focused, guns up, they hunt Americans.
68) 10) text: Looking out at entire Hindu Kush Mountain range as the su slowly rises behind the tallest peak. STUNNING SUNRISE. INT. LUTTRELL’S HIDE 84 TIGHT ON MARCUS. Looks DEAD. EYES TWITCH. SLOWLY OPEN. LUTTRELL wakes up. Disoriented. First thing he notices is the bird sitting u a rock above him. He hears it. Sort of. Faded. Loud then silent. His hearing has partially returned. LUTTRELL very slowly clears himself from the dirt and roc hide. Inventories himself, his weapons. Two magazines, two grenades. No food. No water. Bleeding has stopped from his gunshot. Leg is fucked up. bone busting out. Luttrell sits down. Examining his leg. Probing the bone. off his pants exposing his broken leg in UA shorts. Tears welling he bites down on his lips as he resets the broken bone. Jamming it back inside his skin. Tucking back the bone. Luttrell packs the puncture wound with dirt. Starts massa his dead legs. Forcing blood back into them. Deep powerfu breathing as he starts to will his body back into life. 85 105. EXT. LUTTRELL’S HIDE 85 Luttrell slowly moves out of the hide scanning the area f any sign of Taraq or Shah. Luttrell sees nothing. The village is close. Couple of hundred yards. LUTTRELL moves out. Slowly picking his way down towards t village. At fifty yards Luttrell pulls up. Takes cover behind some rocks. Stares down at the village through his M4 scope. LUTTRELL’S POV Early morning. Women light fires. Buckets of water. Tight on Luttrell’s blistered, cracked bone dry lips as h stares through his scope at the water. We can feel his desperate thirst. He stares at the water. Then voices pull his scope left. LUTTRELL’s POV. The two goat boys moving through the village. Tight on Luttrell.
70) 6) text: No menace just mutual curiosity. Luttrell picks himself up. Studies the wolf closely. Water drips off the side of the Wolf's face. His coat seems wet. Luttrell turns. Listens. HEARS the SOUND of falling water. TRACK with Luttrell towards the sound of the water. Luttrell moves to 20 ft. waterfall, pouring into a beauti clear pool of crystal clear fresh water. Luttrell tries to slide down the steep cliff sides of the water pool. Too excited, moving too fast, Luttrell slips, falling, tumbling. He falls fast into the water. UNDERWATER. Luttrell cuts through the water. Like a baptism as the co water surrounds him. Luttrell stays under water. Eyes clo Feeling it. Finally comes up. SURFACES. Swims to the shore on his hands and knees. LUTTRELL drinks. And drinks...... Slurping like a broken animal. Grabbing for hunks of water plants. Luttrell eats. Shovin the plants into his mouth. Desperate for any kind of ener TIGHT on LUTTRELL. Slowly freezes. Senses something. Slowly looks up. LUTTRELL’S POV: Three Afghan men. One man we recognize as Gulab. 110. A young Afghan boy. NOT Taraq’s crew. Three different men. One holds a machete. Staring down at this broken SEAL. Luttrell stares back at these men. A moment of silence. Then. Luttrell reaches for a grenade. Pulls the pin. Holds the armed grenade. The Afghan men appear non pulsed.
70) 11) dialog: (not particularly friendly) From what Village are you?
70) 13) dialog: And are you in Kandish true believers and correct in your thinking?
70) 15) dialog: Da kom kali yee?
70) 17) dialog: Aya Tasey da kandish khalgh rekhteney musalmanan yastey ao da sahee fikrono khawandan ye?
70) 21) dialog: Aya ta ya sta wronoo americayan garzedal de largo taraf ta da Amrecayano ledely?
70) 23) dialog: Is something wrong with your hand?
70) 24) dialog: Aya sta lass Khog dey? Gulab holds Taraq’s gaze. Doesn’t look at the blood.
70) 27) dialog: If you see the Americans. Tell us or we will take your heads.
70) 29) dialog: Peace be with you my brother.
70) 31) dialog: Ka taso americayan woledel. Mong ta malomat rakey ao ka na mong ba staso sarona ghos kro.
70) 33) dialog: Zma wrora Allah de pa man ke lara.
71) 9) dialog: We want the American. Mong Americaye ghawaro.
71) 11) dialog: This village has supported Da dey kali khalgo the Americans. Americayano sara marasta kari da.
71) 13) dialog: What base are you from? Luttrell’s head held back, neck exposed, Taragq moves in the blade.
71) 14) dialog: What unit are you from? When the door is kicked open. Gulab AK-47 aimed at Taraq, two armed villagers behind hi From the windows, an old man with a shotgun. Screaming an chaos. Eight armed Afghans in a small room. Screaming at other. Guns up. Taraq freezes. Out the window he sees five more of Gulab’ villagers - guns up.
71) 16) dialog: You are making a mistake.
71) 18) dialog: Then let us take him.
71) 21) dialog: Tasey ghalatey kawey.
71) 23) dialog: No bya zey che we neso.
71) 25) dialog: We will come back.
71) 27) dialog: Mong ba bia razo.
71) 29) dialog: For an American you will all die. Do you understand that?
71) 31) dialog: Da yao Americayee da para ba taso toll mrey. Aya taso powhegey
71) 33) dialog: You have all made your choice, you have declared your side and for this all men, women, children will be slaughtered. All of you.
71) 34) dialog: Taso tolo khapal fareeq aw khawakha malooma kra, da dey pa waja ba tol nareena, khazena aw moshoman mrey. Tasey tol. Tight on Gulab trembling trying his best to show no fear. Tight shots of Gulab’s villagers; farmers with guns, all them trembling.
73) 0) text: 96 Tarag on cell phone as he climbs up a small hill overlook Gulab’s village. Taraq’s calling in more men, waiting. EXT. GULAB’S VILLAGE 97 Gulab and three of his tribesmen having a heated conversation, argument over Luttrell. Feels similar to th SEALs debating the ROE on the mountain top. 116A. Women in packs watch from a distance. 98 117. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 98 The little boy squatting on floor next to Luttrell, won't take his eyes off him. An odd staring contest.
74) 0) text: Shah, with five more heavily armed Taliban, join Taraq in woods. Brief conversation in Arabic -- Taraq briefs Shah situation. Now ten in total, they stare down at Gulab’s village. INT. GULAB’S HOUSE 100 The little boy has brought back a small live duck. Presen it to Luttrell.
79) 0) text: TARAQ attacks with his men. Brutal fight. Hand to hand, gun on gun. Gulab shot, Marcu shot again. The Taliban is about to kill Marcus when the little boy calls out to Marcus.