1) 6) text: D erek looks over to where his pretty wife BETH is standi beside the SUV, holding their cute 2 year old son KYLE in arms. Beth shakes her head with amusement.
2) 0) text: The SOLD sign, now in pieces, burns brightly in the fireplace. The rest of the room is empty except for KYLE is nearby, asleep in his stroller. Derek and Beth's VOICE drift down from upstairs.
3) 48) text: Kyle continues to snooze in his stroller. Outside the window, a moving van arrives and BLOWS its horn.
5) 29) text: FRAMED PHOTOS of Derek and Beth in their early dating day at their wedding, celebrating holidays, Beth pregnant, th birth of Kyle; photos illustrating the history of this ha family.
6) 1) text: Picture of Beth and Kyle smiling at him from the dash, De drives the freeway toward the skyscrapers of downtown. He listens to the stock and financial report. Then, switches over to CD and Gnarls Barkley's "Gone Daddy Gone" blares The two sides of Derek Charles.                        C
11) 1) text: Kyle is asleep in his crib. Derek and Beth look down on h smiling, then move quietly toward the door. Before they c sneak out, Kyle lets out A CRY. They look at each other.
11) 6) text: erek returns to the crib and picks up Kyle.
11) 11) text: Beth leaves. Derek carries Kyle over to the changing tabl opens Kyle's diaper and turns away.
15) 1) text: Beth is feeding Kyle while talking on the phone to Derek.
18) 1) text: Beth and Kyle are visiting. Derek has Kyle on his desk, letting him play with his keys.
18) 15) dialog: 
18) 59) text: Lisa comes over.       Kyle presses shyly against Derek.
18) 60) text: LISA (cont'd) Hi, Kyle.     I'm Lisa.
18) 61) text: When Kyle doesn't respond...
18) 136) text: They put Kyle in his stroller.
19) 1) text: Derek, Beth and Kyle are surrounded by office workers mak a fuss over Beth and Kyle. Even Joe Gage comes out of his office to embrace Beth and chat.
19) 25) text: isa sits behind the desk in Derek's chair and look at a framed picture on Derek's desk -- Derek, Beth and Kyle, t perfect happy family.
25) 1) text: Breakfast. Beth and Derek at the table. Derek is feeding Kyle. We can see a naked, undecorated Christmas tree in t next room.
25) 10) text: Kyle shakes his head "no" and points at the Christmas tre
25) 12) dialog: Santa!
25) 15) text: Kyle considers; then furiously eats.    Derek and Beth LA
41) 2) text: hrough the window we see Derek, Beth and Kyle under the t unwrapping presents, having a great time. For Derek, all troubles are forgotten.                                C
43) 51) text: erek stares at the computer screen saver: A picture of Be with Kyle sitting on Santa's knee at the Grove.
48) 4) text: INTERCUTTING WITH BETH in Kyle's bedroom, putting him to sleep.
48) 21) text: Beth picks up Kyle.
64) 1) text: Beth moves through the room, stopping to pick up one of Kyle's toys. She looks through the sliding glass window a sees Derek on the deck, holding Kyle in his arms. They're playing a game. Derek points to objects in the distance a Kyle identifies them. "Truck... doggie... bird..." and so on.
69) 1) text: yle is asleep in his crib. The door cracks open, emitting light from the hall, turning Lisa into a silhouette. She enters the room, silent as a ghost, and approaches Kyle's crib. She stands over him, smiling down at the vulnerable sleeping child.
75) 1) text: Derek races into the garage, yanks open the driver's door gets in. He starts the engine, turns to back out and -- Surprise! There's Kyle is in the backseat, strapped into car seat, smiling at his Daddy.
76) 1) text: Kyle is being examined by A DOCTOR while Derek and Beth comfort him.
77) 35) text: Beth goes back into the examining room to join Kyle.
78) 1) text: The SUV pulls up and parks. Derek and Beth get out. Derek removes the sleeping Kyle from his car seat and carries h to the front door where Beth waits.
79) 1) text: Kyle is asleep as Derek tucks him in.    Beth CRIES OUT f another part of the house.
81) 1) text: Derek and Kyle watch Baby Einstein on TV.
82) 9) text: Derek goes to Kyle's room. He's sleeping safely. He goes the master bedroom and observes Beth from the door way. She's asleep.
83) 15) text: Beth watches from the window as Derek drives off to work. Kyle is nearby playing. The phone rings. Beth goes over a picks it up, a little wary.
86) 1) text: Kyle is playing on the floor.      Beth is on the phone.
86) 42) text: Beth clicks off and turns to Kyle.
86) 45) dialog: 
86) 62) text: Kyle toddles over to his toy box.
88) 1) text: Beth goes out the front door, arms full with Kyle and overnight bags. She sets the alarm and shuts the door beh her... only to realize she forgot her purse. Beth punches back in, grabs the purse from inside and closes the front door again behind her. Forgets to re-set the alarm.
88) 4) text: Beth secures Kyle in his kiddie seat, then walks around t the driver's side, gets in and drives away.
90) 1) text: Lisa steps inside and looks around at the cheerful room, Kyle's high chair, the places set for three at the table.
101) 1) text: Kyle snoozes in his car seat. Inside Beth's hand bag on t front seat, her cell phone TRILLS.
104) 39) text: She picks up her ringing cell phone, looks at the caller and glances at Kyle in the rearview mirror.
104) 57) text: Derek continues on against the traffic. The dashboard picture of Beth and Kyle still smiling back at him.