4) 18) text: TERRI JONES (20, black), pleasaotly plump, the cwnex of yoice heard round the projecta. she pounds on the Goor-. The door opana. In its place stands a tall, impeccably groomed, pretty-boy cling in T-shirt and sweats. KEVIN KI 10's, black) yewne. :
5) 41) text: gouOTE BREEF. co's plack! former ty *the 014 yan". 13 aug oft quar. je remores nie ghades &o gen & eter Loos at che qustone who WAS mein - host. Of the other cughomers are eno nat boY sight Hhets wae givin’ UP the ene 7 on, Sa nin! By ¥o yTeaast Bout ime FO mak? that wove. Tsaec grin - palbs out a Cp thet steps aver to che poombo again We pokice the panda it ton sign RAP Re LOAM Tsaat see pL anyway: The who e bather 5 bat 2a 10 rhe Bm of EEMD' myou GOCE ro One 1. OTH parber BROP ames TE ite ab heads bebe CUSTOMER. fey ¥# il. ro fare? we raisin’ money co buy = herbs. shoes. He got pCOULS comin’ nim, at nee RLCKe as ragge byt only Te
6) 42) text: . : . ‘JOG . . . calvin, pow COIS pads gets TO gat out front wer he rett BE us GoRte eet af The peck? . : : fDDIe qeul ling nis heirl : : ga2 this? .THAs means 1 got eeniority- . Tmt . : . . What. because you got gray eit? Hair valet pecnin* Bat foliicles growing out yon dana pape. . . . ‘ppNiE oo . Boy. 7 Was yere DOr rhe riots pack of 1ge. , THeyY burned  erything acm tole this parber S0R 7 was Sere in ‘14 for ,  CHECFERS FRED ¢ : : 1. remenbe= that. Bimoess caused another rist-
6) 57) dialog: Ahhh! : : isterts crying again!
7) 2) dialog: He cut a pateh in.ry head! anmy offers an emplanation. _ OTe He kept moving... She bends to inspect it. All eyes are on her bend. Te don’t lack That bad. Boy (whines } Yes it does... Calvin re-enters from the back looking disheveled.
7) 11) dialog: gatdll crying! No they wor't.
10) 187) text: Hold up. Back Street Boy, you might learn somethin’. What Resa Parks hae be¢ome is @ gaubol of. the civil right= movement. Now true, I gorta give Roas her prope in that her act helped start -the movement, ‘nut - you know what, she damm sure ain't . special, cuz a whole jotta black folk sar eum on them busees and got throw in ~ dail. and they aid it before she did it!
18) 35) text: . My Tnama .say cpportunity is when ‘the ‘road is clase@ but the grass bes no cress, - fbeac} : .T doen't know what chat maan but IT know at’s the key ta a lotta things. Ricky looks at Billy a hard moment -- bers aboyt to say something te Billy but then just focuses Back on Jimmy. RicEY We got black dacters, architects and nuclear engineers. .