7) 15) dialog: Now, see, I told Sittin’ Bul! across the atreet over there not te ouc a damn *cash machine" in his store, s@@. Couse niggas Gon’ t knew how. te act.
7) 26) dialog: Well ne can pack and stand on that comes acl he wants to. But if Tonta keen ar, he's libel bo get shot in the age. JIMMY. Swan) Le not Native American! Hes not Indian, Aran, Mexican, or Eskimo. The man 46 from Pakiecan! Ricky aolds the phone tea his ear but juse hears ding itd call dan’ bt being answered. He hangs up, annoyec.
8) 35) dialog: ey. Hey, boy. ‘huss to Cakwini What Lhe hell is that hoy’a name?
8) 38) dialog: Ya just waten TV and listen to Jigee DMA- Ray, bur don't know shit , ito the Customer) Do you mind? — The Customer shakes his head “no-. Everyone watches Eddie he goes back Eo Hig chair. : EDDIE |cdmeT'D} {to shop) . Back in my day, 4 barber war move than just somebody in a FuBU shirt with his drawers all out. © CLARE on SHALL, MAHOGAMY CRSE aa Be Rdgie’ 5 hands Aig into frame Eo open the casa. Inaiae Case ate TWO peaitiful’ STRAIGHT RAZORS, Polished steel) Mother of pearl Aandles. Sterling silver aceents. . SDDIE icone‘d) Back in my day, a barber was like a one step shep. Counselor. Style Coach. Pimp. ON RAZOR AWD LEMTHER as Eddie sharpens the blade on the leather strap to the side of his chair.
8) 48) text: CLOSE G9 CUSTOMER'S NECR as Eddie elides the raror over h skin. Skillfully. . EDIE {CONT Dy anc with a stgaighe face, yer gor che nezve to wanna be sunthia', ON ENTIRE SHOP where all present watch a master at work,
10) 171) text: ‘EDDIE “Nan, please, iho the hell is Reea Parkst . ‘TERRI lupeeb] * ° | Wao’ Roza Parks?
10) 186) dialog: wockue in front ef ya'll I gecta came ‘straight. Rosa Parks ain't do nothin’ bot sit her black ass down on a bus. : | . : , . SAAC. ]. a "+ Etmon, . eddie o
10) 213) dialog: Fuck Jes@e!
10) 215) dialog: And that's all I gat ve say. Eddie folds hig arms and leans back. Billy's laughing-- h having a ball. & MAIL MAN ig eeated amongst Cie customers MATL MAN a . Man, I love this piace, Calvin looks at nis watch-- it’s time,“ He grabs his jack
19) 1) text: customer who Stands Up. But, the custome: if ‘hot even a , customer, just: the friend wai cine on Ricky’ s ‘custom BUSH IN - sO : “ON CALVIN who eons petrified, “HIS F.a.v. of the CLOCK reading spe, “EXT. BSRBRRSBOP - EVERTHS Eddie Stands outside locking across the street at the Convenience Store,,
19) 10) dialog: Boy. what's wrong with you? You been actin! erazy oi] afcemoor.
19) 27) dialog: fay, he might mor a’ hag money byt he was zich with advice, SHCOLYagement. Be was so rich he imyasted in People. You think Iwas the eoly one he gave a job tc? ‘the man gave avery Knucklehead :n Chicago a. job, 4 chance to be somebody== 3 Litenze4 ibeat! : . : How personally I wouldn't a “had al] chem “Bailjumers up"in hare, reir tryin’ to Sut maar, but gotta watch for 4 pigga tryin’ ter shark me. ‘But when ali's saig and done I was glad to ke hare, . Eddie walks te the bavbershop windaw and stares inside. Vil steps up beside hit. and stares ton-- Side by side. EDDIE (Cont! py TRey Know?