10) 185) text: Tiny cute a lock at Isaac, but tsaac jgneres him.
14) 19) text: 'The neil are you laughin’ at, Fid Reck? Tull back co reveal Jimmy is cutting ailly's heard. Billy stares at his image in the mizrer with a quizzieal look. mo BILLY . Yo, you think I can get braided ‘Like Iverson? Thar's my dod... {imitating} Fade away-- booyal Isaac is szill mad from the Kid Rock commen Eee. SBRAG - as ° “duet ‘cause you 4 sell- put ‘dace hate on me.
18) 42) text: Isaac leans agaiosc hie chair watching TY. Be glances, up
20) 113) text: “INT. BARSERSHO? LOCKER ROOM -— CONTINUOUS Issac enters the locker room and sees Jimmy brushing the off tide Princeton jacket. This angers Isaac. He shape up Jimmy. . : . TSAAC . Hey, Lemme tell you sumthin’. Just ‘cuz you got some faney college to go to don‘c Take you better than m. T prokably Won't every go te eellege but I'ma have mé a business. I'ma de sumpin’ wit' my iife-- ZI gon't give up ts easily. And daspite what you Ehink. I'm net pretending to be semabedy I saw on T¥, This. ig me. This is who I am, and whether you Like it or not, Irm gonna be like this tomorrow. Isaac grabe & few thinge from his loacker then walks back Cimmy watches him gc, says nothing. After a moment Jimmy elac walke out.
20) 117) dialog: See what?
20) 120) text: aera turns ‘around, Ready for hie ‘out. Isaac oem ‘= mVve ‘s taking a few seconds for him to prorese this. Then Isa OUTCRY unwrape the cord fram around the clippers, 2lugs i Isaac'a clippeta couch acalp for the first tima. MONTAGE OF ISAAC SRILLFOULLY CUrtitte SEMNY-- FADING with wrist action. SCISSORS CUTTING at an angle, GDNIWG UP wit seit touch-- 4 steady hand, CONFIDENT. Everyone lee watches in shock. When the cut if finished, Jism checks the haad mirror.
20) 126) dialog: Ti's cool, man. Jamey sighs. He's been let off the hook. Tsaac (CONT oy I'm actually glad you came te your Seness . sneix How sof TSAac Cause I wes remin' eut of insults. Ift. CALVIN’ S HOME - MIGHT Calvin sits in the mire of his emptional funk. Camera TIL Gown Rie body and we aee he's holding two things-- his unplugged clinpers in one hand, and the envelope of menéy the other, Jengifer, with he> plump stomach, waiuks inte the roc wit tup cf het bea. Sle approaches Calvin. .