4) 79) text: Jimmy leoks over- hogsea B! half-assed ned Ricky's Way. R notaces. Chuckles ro nimsel:- uc . dimeny Looks ante che yefrigerstar with @ disapproving gr There i8 3 bottle of apple juice with a big yad sigm on i een . —=pe po; drink ma." Who's 16 this?
5) 11) text: Hind your business. (Dinka pustes inte the barbershop. Jimmy shakes his head. eat his smoke ther follows behind Dinka - - foe INT. BARBERSHOP - caRTcxUOUS tsaac ig setting up his station, Jimmy and Dinke come - Shrough the Goer. : : Here come Ivy League Simm, and Jiimke putumbe. .* : ’ .
6) 18) text: Cas their Srares. f Risky. Jimmy ane Tarri'to sect.
9) 50) dialog: Wart?! Tony Roma boiis Bis ribs! That shit is aot authentic! And you can‘r even coipare them te black people's rips.
14) 19) text: 'The neil are you laughin’ at, Fid Reck? Tull back co reveal Jimmy is cutting ailly's heard. Billy stares at his image in the mizrer with a quizzieal look. mo BILLY . Yo, you think I can get braided ‘Like Iverson? Thar's my dod... {imitating} Fade away-- booyal Isaac is szill mad from the Kid Rock commen Eee. SBRAG - as ° “duet ‘cause you 4 sell- put ‘dace hate on me.
14) 42) text: “Teac * . : Jimmy, i'm blacker than you, Aad what's messed up 1s, on your best day, you eculd never be ge.
18) 12) dialog: --black people are qwed 40 @°Tee and a mule, T want my land, I want My #85 then i'm geod, - cusrome, DARREL What shout reparations? they was talkin about that ¢n BET. : Reparations is a geod ides.
18) 35) text: . My Tnama .say cpportunity is when ‘the ‘road is clase@ but the grass bes no cress, - fbeac} : .T doen't know what chat maan but IT know at’s the key ta a lotta things. Ricky looks at Billy a hard moment -- bers aboyt to say something te Billy but then just focuses Back on Jimmy. RicEY We got black dacters, architects and nuclear engineers. .
19) 0) text: Ingide tha shop, che day winds down as things seem ta hav calmed. . a . JIMMY sits in his chair reading his newspaper. RICKY finishes op a customer Dinka ie chathing with TEARI-- trying to make progress. _
20) 18) dialog: Solid itl.
20) 113) text: “INT. BARSERSHO? LOCKER ROOM -— CONTINUOUS Issac enters the locker room and sees Jimmy brushing the off tide Princeton jacket. This angers Isaac. He shape up Jimmy. . : . TSAAC . Hey, Lemme tell you sumthin’. Just ‘cuz you got some faney college to go to don‘c Take you better than m. T prokably Won't every go te eellege but I'ma have mé a business. I'ma de sumpin’ wit' my iife-- ZI gon't give up ts easily. And daspite what you Ehink. I'm net pretending to be semabedy I saw on T¥, This. ig me. This is who I am, and whether you Like it or not, Irm gonna be like this tomorrow. Isaac grabe & few thinge from his loacker then walks back Cimmy watches him gc, says nothing. After a moment Jimmy elac walke out.