4) 18) text: TERRI JONES (20, black), pleasaotly plump, the cwnex of yoice heard round the projecta. she pounds on the Goor-. The door opana. In its place stands a tall, impeccably groomed, pretty-boy cling in T-shirt and sweats. KEVIN KI 10's, black) yewne. :
4) 33) text: Perri Looks al Kevin lovingly then ber FOOT adjuste ane uabemmownst to ‘nex, STEFS DOWN orto fhe wWemari’ 5 axpos ANGLE UNDER BED BS Woman tries £0 Slide out the other sid nut hey HAIR SWAGS. She sees Terri's big Toot planted or FEVIN . Terri, den’t you hmog yeu my girl? What = popk itke even thinkin' sbott somebody eaeet FE you wanns Know how F really Fen} just chink Bout Cheat pabylace aeng.
12) 25) text: T liked the card, 7 mea, like, whet jr Faid and alt, te wae real pretty. you wrote Chat yourself : DINKA . . Ne. Artually that's a), a love poem hy oo an named Pablo Neruda. : TEARS . Well... J goons even know whe thar is But... the nigga knows Whak tc Say. [hears * . Got me feelin’ all. , gentle. | Terri locks down at the phote. Garg Disse9. Smashes par f down on it, : TERRI {Coie py . . . . wo MEN are so trdflins: 7 swear to God: : : Bags)! Ti done with Kevin this time! Coke at Dinka; 1 woe °C. gone “lie, -whan- i-yéad the Card... all sad. I wisn Fo much... that Someone falt that Way about me,
12) 26) text: Dinka is amazed and a bit urt dy Terri's tune. Vision. Pesci‘ attention Tefurns to the picture. hile Dinka slips Gulecly, pack in the shop. RET. BAPBERSNOP ~ pay KEVIN Ftc Pulls up in front sf the shop. He gets QUE wth Douquat of Tores-- like ene Snee Binka ough: thig moming, He walks into the shop, : :
12) 30) text: ‘Kevin grins, *
12) 37) text: REWIn Hey, baby. Kevin stegs right in front of inks. ignoring him. KEVIN (CONT’D) thands her flowers} These ave for you. Terri pesitaces taking them-- tring to be atrong. Hut the she melos and takes them. Then she just looks confuged.
12) 39) text: Yo, Super-Size-He ‘Mandela, get off my neck, Dinka doesn't answer, just glares hard. Kevin looxs Dinka and dewn then turns hig back on bim again.
12) 48) dialog: What?
12) 50) dialog: Bur..-look at you. “You're Fat. Terri is momentarity stinned with hurt. But only momentar She quickly pecomes angry black woman, ateps in his face Bointing her .finger .
12) 55) text: kevin glares a *Bitch, ‘don* t alte me pimp slap you" gla “PERRI (CONT'D I wish you would de sumpin'. Terri jabs her fingex inte Kevin's forehead, shoves him b Kevin reacts with a raised hand like bets gonna Wit her.. / The barbers all react, putting down their clippers read jump to Terri's defense. Byt Pinka is already on top of K singing haymakers! so . . . (CONTINUED)