4) 48) dialog: officers mili abpaut.. syami, #¢i1 clad somEor ted By perc jumps UP To out and clothessines che ef tha Te CHARGE. gerri’s BIG corrreni#ices sLare- in his. pajamas: is tor next bo the haneys of ail shapes. pap ints the racerd stare BAPTIST CHORCH, seems tO pe winding Up. for paturdey 7 a fohioners jek Bneiy way” oper to Swarm to offer kind words pud prayers: RA ¢ prayer meeting. 4 fow DAE: several crime scene gees they forget the crime stent exists. He tosses tham 4 emile then focuses & i poice officer Look nis
4) 65) dialog: maintains’ :
4) 68) dialog: now = t eame 40 qnch 466 is under = 424 inch waists that 1 Foot. CUSTOMER LLGe inot nomvancedl Ginnee® eves +
4) 79) text: Jimmy leoks over- hogsea B! half-assed ned Ricky's Way. R notaces. Chuckles ro nimsel:- uc . dimeny Looks ante che yefrigerstar with @ disapproving gr There i8 3 bottle of apple juice with a big yad sigm on i een . —=pe po; drink ma." Who's 16 this?
4) 84) text: fullsbit 34k now, got pie hea of yignt- wean liane | eyes ‘calvin oeptically 52°) then nods and 1 jeave. + RICKY walke out F the. jocker Foon. pen he sees Ricky. ey Liame ‘gives FT ie at annoyanss picky Sees: “WLLL ems “Then ects ver ely noncha ve eration: , Ke over to nia we as he wa Joy an the eye. per to Ricky" a: ohair. jooks BL DETECTIVE WILL TAMs Chair frae? walls wil Lane then finally soins the ehait $0 down - 5 does. : DETECTIVE “qr LLraHs gust: line up: Ricky <u=Te oO bis elipeeré- Sm beeE ase aicky. ya Liane walks
4) 85) text: Ricky &yF williams can Sit (conT' Dl williams speaks low so as not TA DETECTIVE wT SLT RE qconmt' Be you wanna peli me sump in’ OO
4) 87) text: Ricky eens syimning - PpETECTIVE eTLLIas {cont bl Thats two re and Atte - wien glances up 2
6) 32) text: Ine he raelt i . Tis cool. 2t's orl - ow RICKY paring out the waded ac the converiens® sLoTe - REceY’S Bool of pelicemen and ¢@ atecnlvet studying. che gcene a Lhe seyeet - : ERT. comirensTENC® STORE — SaME Detective Walliams qoee wes facts with geverae uniformed ePEicers then giance# vex Br che parbersheP~ risk cowards ro dial. bat glances
6) 33) text: RICHY wind AME - just picked | ub che phone. at Det- wip Lianne | pLaring frem ail the way = z2eross t Teceméertebt e@, HLGRY 5 up. He giancee ab & waiting . SUStomer - neds - SOueromel comes =F Ricky! ghaiz fet a o — ieaa stands over his chair | trying 5° make 8 eonbact w amy of Tor waiting cH ue DOmee! Thay quickly Jpok away contact is mae “with Tsaac- . wineneve= eye o he terri cuts 4 customer ner sparks fly anc ner CHIDDETE nat aft.
7) 0) text: pester welks hack threugn Ehe shen. RICKY glances inte the apen leckert soom door and sees Celvin's expression of discomposure. As Leeter walks by, Ricky fixes a glave on him, Lester me Ricky's glare. It's a glare down ang Ricky holds his grou Dhan Laster suddenly smiles.
8) 18) text: TSaAaC He's an avalete. Reguiar etandards don't apply. 50 long as Evander Hollyfield gete up ina ring and makes millinns-—- . olny But thirteen kids by 5i4 women? What the hell wes he dein’? RICKY . Yeah put vou know pusey’s bein’ offered, What‘’s Che Man supposed toa de, tur sown pannies? Look at Shawn Kemp!
10) 108) dialog: ‘Sup. Dink stiles, Knows he's talking to tke right man.
10) 112) dialog: Okey, 5 get it. | (heat } iook, just be yourself.
10) 123) dialog: Soe gotta know that at a tement’s notice you won't hasitate for a recond ta put a bimp hand down on J=sus imgel* if Be - Pade the mistake of disresmpeccino’ har. : (leans im ¢loge! : How da you <hink Captain Kirk goc all that posay? : Epiphany like a motherfucker! Dinka's eyes go wide, grins
10) 127) dialog: Okay. okay, It's eool. Gamn- EXT. CONVENTENCE STORE - pay CALVIN sseps Sut sipping Hig Yahoo. Ye glances up—- SEQUENCE © , Notices Ricky and Dinka‘’s bonding moment acregs the stre Then glances at Artis who is now being consoled by Jimmy Then netices a real. tal] Kid, -GHNNY BROW flack, 14) in basketball Jersey with the name 77, “BROWN. 7 He @ribbles bagketnal] up the ‘street. Calvin glances dewn at the kid shoes ee, ho a hope “CLOSE ON RAGGEDY HIGH TOPS, 4 BEG Ton PORLNG OUT Then Cugtomer Sam steps out of the shop followed by Isaac Terri-- Rieky, Dinka and Jimy join then, They present Joh With the Snoe Fund can. Wohmey is shocked and BLl_sniles- vary grateful. oo . Calvin looks at the genuine sanse ef pride and hapriness young Johuny’s fare. A warp smile Starls (oO spread acres Calvin's face, .
12) 63) dialog: Hold up... Ricky lets Dinka get in o few shobs-or Kevin's face. TEEN
12) 64) dialog: Ohoy. Ricky and the others mae in oa separate them,
14) 20) dialog: Soon. . It gets very quies in the reom. Mow Jim's pissed, Focuses on Tsaac. : .
15) 1) text: Ricky qlences-op rem laughing and sees Calvin: all! vough and disoriented. Calvin enike Hast Ricky without a werd. heads Loward the locker roo. : INT, BAREERSHOP LOCKER Root Calvin goes over to the row of lockers, gets & good grin the first lesker then moves the whole row away from tie w about bhree feeb _ . We now gee chere'’s a CAST IRON SAFE in che wall, Caivin che camoination Lock then opens the safe. He pulls out a ef cash Beud with a rubheriaand. He pulls che rubberband and counts the money. After a moment+-
18) 13) dialog: Reparatiods is a stupid ides. Joey What?! Slavery is the reason ‘Boag - people are messed up economically, aeocially ang maxcholocically—-- Iomean | _ dock ac varld.. Somebody ows,
18) 18) dialog: Mews didn't gat Téfarations, Holocaust QOL remarations.. they ain’: just sendin: Western Union to every Jew on earth, a ” .
18) 35) text: . My Tnama .say cpportunity is when ‘the ‘road is clase@ but the grass bes no cress, - fbeac} : .T doen't know what chat maan but IT know at’s the key ta a lotta things. Ricky looks at Billy a hard moment -- bers aboyt to say something te Billy but then just focuses Back on Jimmy. RicEY We got black dacters, architects and nuclear engineers. .
18) 46) dialog: The rear of us don't need no reperations-- we need restraint, pome discipline, Don't boy ac Range Rewer when you livin’ wit' yo mama. And pay ye mama some damm rent. Andoyeu: den’ need a 2-way pager When you ain’ got no employer tryin’ to .Teech you. And make yo kids memorize sumpin' besides The Chrenie alum. and De on time for sumpin' other than “free Detore 12" at a clus. There is a lot we can do besides walt around for seme ancieat money. Cimmy locke Like a dwar in the haadlighte. RICKY (CONT'D} . “And you know what else? ® ssallep is a shellfish because 2t’s a awllusk. Betore it gets to your Plate it has two-shells mrounc it gust like a clam. [sotte, under breath) stupid-ass. ” EXT. BARBERSHOP ~ EVEDTItG Ag the sur starce co set Eddie ‘stands outside 2 looking fut Sizeak at the Convenience Store. .
19) 0) text: Ingide tha shop, che day winds down as things seem ta hav calmed. . a . JIMMY sits in his chair reading his newspaper. RICKY finishes op a customer Dinka ie chathing with TEARI-- trying to make progress. _
19) 1) text: customer who Stands Up. But, the custome: if ‘hot even a , customer, just: the friend wai cine on Ricky’ s ‘custom BUSH IN - sO : “ON CALVIN who eons petrified, “HIS F.a.v. of the CLOCK reading spe, “EXT. BSRBRRSBOP - EVERTHS Eddie Stands outside locking across the street at the Convenience Store,,
20) 56) dialog: Takes 4 second to realize that it ia him they're after, H makes & Gash for tha locker room.
20) 93) dialog: : Eee 8 Ricky;. agga.. And quae where. i Mo wait, T'il givk you a nit. It's the last place IToneed to be, becouse this time, it de cthe last place I‘m gonna ba... Por life...
20) 100) dialog: Tt been tryin’ te-cakl you all day about che Pumper erpomy truck, You used my kruck?: ‘They gon photes of the plate and everytaing. Traced it right back to me. 4% two time loser. (peat | Ti Io ever get out of hare, I'm eomin' tor you. . .
20) 102) dialog: Taat's right! = oD Sa Well fuck you, then, You ain‘’t never comin” ont. And by the time you do, I'l. be long gone. So howe a nice lite, Ritch. JD hangs up and chuckles te himgeli, ther looks at BoLly- JD (ConT'Dy inow calm} Let*s get this truck started so we car get that piggy bank open, baby.
20) 137) text: FRI SOW cumen Ricky Nash! . ‘RICKY Yeah. :
20) 146) text: a5. EXT. COUNTY JaATL - NIGHT Ricky exits the county jail building, surprised ta find
20) 150) dialog: “You used the money you got far the shop? Palyin knows ‘be! = taking a “‘hage leap-- he says acthin
20) 152) dialog: Tt didn't do -t. 7. 0. CALVIN : ” If I ctheught vou did, © wouldn't hove . bailed you out. Riexy's brow furrows into a grimace.
20) 153) dialog: My cousin ‘did this to me.
20) 169) dialog: Where we goin‘?
20) 186) text: Ricky steps ‘Out of the Pontiac.
20) 189) text: Ricky steps ut ané sees JB and Billy in a pile up. He Joo over and sees the ATM. Then focuses cn
20) 190) dialog: Fn... : ; ob glances up, s®42 Ricky and nearly rekeagses-on himsel? CALVIN quietiy steps inside the garage, Sees ‘what's goin Sees the ATM, Bur stays back hidden. He pulls owt his cel phone, diels a number. Than
20) 192) text: CKY apercachas JD ready te whup some ass. JD stands up, Zraid. But he ages the blow torch on the tleor. He packs it up and helds it threateningly toward Ricky-- fires up flame. Ricky pauses. :
20) 197) text: / Jas. shoulder & sink. Ricky giares ther’ “FuNcns JD ‘an . jaw knocking hin out, - ‘cold. | . : :
20) 218) text: este glares fire at Caivin. Ricky stens forward.
20) 219) dialog: And ell these car parts over bthere-- the. ones with the seria] numbers scrazched off-- thet could cause somebody to igiake this place fer a chop shop. ikeak) I did a 3i1' fencing for Big Carl] back in - the day. .1 know the game.