5) 0) text: JOE MACINTOSH -- MAC -- stands in front of a bunch of screens. He’s 40s, tall, rugged; a bull of a man. No doub he’s in control here.
5) 1) dialog: Give me the walkway... EXT. LONDON STREET - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE is sprinting -- like her life depends on it -- over the road bridge. There are undercover detectives behind, uniforms and cop cars below and a chopper overhea Down the steps. Off the sidewalk and head to head with an oncoming car. The driver slams his fist on his horn.
5) 3) dialog: Six come east. EXT. WESTMINSTER SKYLINE - CONTINUOUS. A helicopter SWOOPS LOW. INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS. CLOSE on the monitor. We can just make out COLLETTE runni across...
6) 1) dialog: We need all platforms...now... The screens are slow coming up.
6) 2) dialog: C'mon guys.... The central station monitor pings through -- now we can s undercover cops leaping the ticket barriers.
6) 4) dialog: Circle line westbound...how long ‘till the next train?
7) 1) dialog: Shit! She’s on the track...shut it down -- all of it...the whole network. INT. TUBE TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE running through the dark... INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS. A screen map of the tube from control on one of the monitors. There’s a train in the tunnel. INT. TUBE TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS. A rumble in the distance, a flash of lights.
8) 0) text: MAC grabs the receiver.
8) 1) dialog: (eyes glued to the screen, voice icy calm) It’s Joe Macintosh here. (MORE )
8) 3) dialog: That's a straight order. Right. Now. INT. TUBE TUNNEL - CONTINUOUS. Thunderous noise and bright lights as the train HURTLES closer. COLLETTE turns back, but too late. It’ll smash he to pieces for sure... A service alcove. She’s in. Train whips past. Thwup, thwup. Gone. Now screeching to a halt... A beat. Collette tries to recover her breathing. Her face is covered in sweat. Rats screech at her feet. She's running again... INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS. MAC's eyes on the screen. The train has stopped. He takes the phone.
8) 4) dialog: Did the driver hit anything?
8) 6) dialog: We don’t have time to hold on.
8) 8) dialog: Where’s next on the line?
8) 10) dialog: Then let’s see it! INT. ST JAMES’S PARK TUBE STATION - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE, accompanied by a few rats, emerges from the tunnel and jumps onto the platform. She walks normally, like it’s the most natural thing in the world, past a few startled passengers. INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS. Screens coming up. Nothing on the platforms. MAC catches a glimpse of her as she slips from view in th station entrance.
8) 11) dialog: She’s out. Leaving St James’s Park station... EXT. ST JAMES’S PARK TUBE STATION - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE walks calmly towards a woman who has just starte up her Vespa and is adjusting her helmet. At the last minute, she charges -- thrusts the woman off picks up the Vespa, speeds away... EXT. PARLIAMENT SQUARE - CONTINUOUS. Cops cars streaming past the Commons, sirens wailing... EXT. ST JAMES’S PARK - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE bombing across the bridge over the lake... EXT. THE MALL —- CONTINUOUS. A fleet of sirens tearing down towards BUCKINGHAM PALACE as... COLLETTE whips across in front of them. The cop cars SCREECH to a halt and follow into GREEN PARK INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS.
8) 12) dialog: Four and five go north of Piccadilly, three west. EXT. GREEN PARK - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE reaches the pavement at the top of the park -- scattering pedestrians. She skids -- almost falls. Onto t road. Cars screech to a halt. Into the narrow streets the far side... INT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS.
8) 13) dialog: We need to take her here...this is it guys. EXT. BERKELEY STREET - CONTINUOUS. It’s a one way street. COLLETTE swings against the traffi and accelerates down the pavement, scattering terrified shoppers. EXT. CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS. C1OSE on the monitor with the helicopter feed. Go WIDER t see MAC watching the moving electronic dot on the map in front of him.
8) 14) dialog: Four block off Davies Street. Five come down Grosvenor. EXT. DAVIES ST - CONTINUOUS. COLLETTE sees a car across the street ahead. She comes to halt. Turns around. Another screams up behind. Men in raincoats pour out, pistols raised. No escape.
8) 17) dialog: (to his colleagues) Okay, keep the uniform boys on the ground. Tell the press we’re hunting a clean skin. Make sure the picture you put out is blurred enough to obscure her ID. INT. CELL - PADDINGTON GREEN POLICE STATION - NIGHT. COLLETTE faces two cops. Two audio tapes turn in the recording device on the table.
9) 3) dialog: Fine.
9) 5) dialog: Can I get you anything?
9) 7) dialog: I know what you’re entitled to, Collette. But you just tried to go head to head with a five hundred ton tube train, so do us both a favour and listen. You don’t want to be here. And I can get you out. He opens the briefcase, takes out a file. It has SEAN MICHAEL MCVEIGH. SHOT 25th JUNE 1973 MINISTRY OF DEFENCE CONFIDENTIAL stamped on the front. 12.
9) 8) dialog: It won’t give you what you want, or what your family’s lawyers expect. But maybe it’1l help. He closes his briefcase, leaves. INT. OBSERVATION ROOM - CONTINUOUS. He watches from the other side of the glass. She stares a the file like it’s a contagious disease. He walks around the corner, gets a cup of coffee and slip out to the... INT. STAIRWELL - CONTINUOUS. ...-where he lights a cigarette and leans against the window. Footsteps. One of his colleagues with the video grab. Sur enough, it’s pretty hard to say definitively that’s COLLETTE.
9) 9) dialog: Fine. Lay it on thick. Police tonight are still hunting--
10) 0) text: COLLETTE’S P.O.V. as she looks at a photograph of two men throwing petrol bombs. Their faces are shielded by scarve but their names are written in white ink; GERRY MCVEIGH. PADDY MCVEIGH. SEAN can just be seen emerging from the side street. INT. CELL - CONTINUOUS. MAC slips in. COLLETTE closes the file. He takes it, puts it in his briefcase, sits.
10) 2) dialog: Remember him? She lowers her gaze.
10) 3) dialog: Look at it, please. She won't.
10) 4) dialog: Look at it, Collette. No way.
10) 5) dialog: Raymond Quinn. You used to work at his print factory. No answer.
10) 6) dialog: You told Paddy he was a part-time soldier and this was the result. A picture of a BODY LYING AMIDST KIDS TOYS...
10) 7) dialog: You scouted it, Gerry ordered it and Paddy pulled the trigger. Raymond's wife found their kids clinging to the corpse. Nothing. 14.
10) 8) dialog: Two months ago at his grave... A photograph of her placing flowers in front of a headstone. No answer.
10) 9) dialog: You want to tell me why, Collette?
10) 10) dialog: There’s no shame in remorse, you know. Not for any of us. Another folder. He drops it onto the desk. No No No No
10) 11) dialog: (sighs) Provisional forensics. response. answer. answer. answer.
10) 12) dialog: Not one for the boyos back home, eh?
10) 13) dialog: (steely) That would lead to a lot of awkward questions.
10) 14) dialog: (flicking through) What were you planning to tell them? That their kit didn’t work? That you were being followed? He leans forward.
10) 15) dialog: You didn’t set the timer, Collette! This thing couldn’t have blown up a fucking paper bag!
10) 17) dialog: You come all the way over here, but you were planning to fire a dud. Why? No answer.
10) 18) dialog: So here’s a girl who puts flowers on a victim’s grave. And who suddenly can’t bring herself to arm the bomb she’s been sent to plant. Still none.
10) 19) dialog: Maybe your brothers would say you're betraying Sean’s memory. But I--
10) 21) dialog: (quietly) You know what it’s going to be like; an Irish girl in an English jail. Every time you want to see your boy, his grandmother will have to load him onto a ferry and drive four hundred miles. It’1ll break his heart. A beat. 16.
10) 22) dialog: Maybe we can talk to our friends in the social services. See if we can have him put up for adoption. After all, he’d surely be better-- COLLETTE reaches forward suddenly to stop the tape and MA seizes her wrist.
10) 23) dialog: Tell me you don’t believe in something better. She tries to withdraw, but he won’t let go.
10) 24) dialog: You can have it. She struggles free. He sits back.
10) 25) dialog: (sighs) Maybe your leaders are serious about peace this time. We have to believe that. But your brother Gerry will kill it off if he possibly can. Is that what you want? No answer.
10) 26) dialog: You agree to talk to us, to watch him, and you’re out of here like nothing ever happened. Back to your Mother. Back to your boy. We'll pay you. Well. And one day, if you want it, we can give you a life far away from this.
10) 28) dialog: This is the road you took when you put flowers on Raymond Quinn’s grave, Collette. It’s the road you took when you decided not to arm that--
10) 30) dialog: I know it bugs the hell out of you your mother won’t get the washing machine fixed. I know you ask yourself why your boy still wets his bed at night. I know you were so lonely the evening before you came here that you went home with a guy you don’t even like. I know he fucked you so roughly that--
10) 32) dialog: (on his feet also) You went back to your mother’s place, took your son into your arms and cried until it was time to leave.
10) 34) dialog: Jesus! You people have no sense of irony. He scoops up the files and puts them back in his briefcas The interview is over.
10) 35) dialog: If you want to take your anger to the grave, be my guest. But you can be fucking sure you'll take your son with you. He’s at the door.
10) 36) dialog: You have two hours. After that, you're on your own. If you really want a lawyer, press the button on my side of the desk.
11) 0) text: It’s a filthy, windswept evening. MAC’s boss KATE FLETCHE stands by the door of a pavilion. She’s extremely attractive, but dresses to hide it. She’s calm, focused, little icy, even. She’s considerably younger than MAC. 18. Some of her officers lurk in the hedgerows. A car guns do the lane, lights spinning in the darkness. A little rat o a man named GINGY HUGHES steps out.
15) 0) text: MAC sits. She’s not pressed the button. So they both know she’s crossed a line.
15) 1) dialog: You want a cup of coffee now?
15) 3) dialog: (sighs) We all have our secrets. Little lies we tell ourselves, those we palm off on others. (MORE )
15) 5) dialog: There’s a woman who works at the travel agent on the Andersonstown Road...no more than a girl. You want to see what your brother does to her when Christy thinks he’s on IRA business? He reaches for his briefcase again.
15) 7) dialog: You'll be keeping people alive, Collette. Boys like your son. Women like you. Men like me. So don’t talk to me about betrayal.
15) 9) dialog: They’11 never know.
15) 11) dialog: I'll be there, day and night, watching.
17) 0) text: Neither MAC nor COLLETTE has moved. He’s leaning on the desk, like they’re down to business.
17) 1) dialog: You have two weeks to convince us you mean what you say. If you don’t make the grade, you’re back in this chair staring at a charge sheet. Tonight, we put out a blurred grab from the cameras in the train station. Your friends in Belfast will guess it’s you, but it’s vague enough for us to be excused making an ID. That’s your cover. You escaped from the train station, went to ground and hid out overnight. We’ll go through your movements step by step. No answer. MAC. Have you got that, Collette? She nods, but without meeting his eye.
17) 2) dialog: Are you sure you want to do this? No answer. MAC. I need to hear you say it.
18) 6) dialog: When you got away, you came here. It was too dangerous to call in because the whole city was crawling with cops. MAC takes her arm and leads her gently away. INT. GINGY’S HOUSE - SOUTH ARMAGH - DAY. GINGY kisses his wife and four kids goodbye and heads for the door. He looks hassled and annoyed. Through the windo we see the side of his newly painted van. GINGY HUGHES PLUMBING. Night or day, call 0845 666734.
19) 2) dialog: Memorise the number and the time and place of the first meeting, then burn it. Your code name is SHADOW DANCER. Don’t use the phone in the house unless you are sure there is no one else there. If anyone sees you in a phone box, say it’s a love affair you don’t want your mother to hear about. COLLETTE stares out of the window.
19) 3) dialog: You need this. 23. He hands over a piece of metal and plastic half the size a golf ball.
19) 4) dialog: It’s an emergency bleep. Hide it well. If you press the button, half the world will come running. She takes it, but continues to gaze out of the window.
19) 6) dialog: My code name is Box Man. If you call in, you ask for--
19) 8) dialog: It’s better you don’t know.
19) 10) dialog: My name is Mac. She looks at him, like she’s seeing him for the first tim Who the hell is this guy?
19) 11) dialog: I‘1l see you in Belfast. Make sure you’re at the rendezvous. INT. THE FRONT SEAT OF GINGY’S CAR - DAY GINGY HUGHES is spinning down the road to that pavilion again, but he’s not pleased about it. He parks ups and bristles as he marches inside. INT. THE PAVILION - SOUTH ARMAGH - CONTINUOUS. It’s dark in here, but nothing assuages GINGY’s anger.
26) 0) text: A Chinook thuds in. MAC tips out the back and walks to th perimeter wire, where a car is waiting. INT. MI5’S BELFAST HEADQUARTERS - DAY MAC walks past the glass wall to the situation room and into the main office. Maybe a dozen people in front of screens. It’s quiet, business-like. Just another office. dumps a rucksack on his desk. 32. INT. MI5’S BELFAST HEADQUARTERS - FLETCHER’S OFFICE - DAY MAC enters, closes the door. They look at each other. May some personal history here, or the prospect of it being made.
26) 2) dialog: (shrugs ) Your idea.
26) 4) dialog: I heard we lost one. He means you lost him.
26) 5) dialog: What happened? She doesn’t want to talk about it.
26) 7) dialog: What did they say?
26) 9) dialog: He’s going freelance?
27) 0) text: Mac drives in, gets out, locks his car and heads for the house in the corner of the yard. 33. INT. MAC’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS. The phone is ringing. He picks it up. It’s his daughter, Lucy.
27) 2) dialog: I know. I’m sorry. I meant to call before I left London.
27) 4) dialog: I told her I--
27) 6) dialog: Something new. I’ve just--
27) 8) dialog: I can’t talk about it, love. You know that. It’ll take a few months, then--
27) 10) dialog: I’ll try. He’s not convincing. And its complicated.
27) 12) dialog: (hesitates) I don’t know. Not the answer she wanted.
27) 14) dialog: Hold on a second. Don’t go away. He puts the receiver down on the desk and goes to pick up the other line.
27) 16) dialog: Yeah.
27) 18) dialog: Good. He puts down the phone, returns to his daughter. But she’s gone. He looks at the receiver and puts it slowly back onto the cradle. This is his life. Married to some fucking agent who would have killed him until yesterday. INT. COLLETTE’S HOME - IN HER BEDROOM - A FEW HOURS LATER We hear a cry in the dark. COLLETTE wakes with a jolt to find MARK beside her.
30) 11) dialog: (tense) You got her? EXT. NEARBY STREET - CONTINUOUS. A man selling newspapers leans into a hidden microphone.
30) 13) dialog: (mutters ) C'mon... Checks again. Watches the empty street. 39. No sign of her. Time crawls by. Where the fuck is she?
30) 14) dialog: (into the radio) She’s not coming. Let’s get outta’ here! The car guns away. And he’s furious.
35) 0) text: COLLETTE is seated. MAC steps in, closes the door behind him and drops her file on the desk. Waits.
35) 1) dialog: Where were you? No answer. MAC thumps the table so hard she jumps.
35) 3) dialog: I save you from a lifetime ina stinking prison cell. And you’re going to sit here and tell me you didn’t turn up because you couldn't find a fucking nanny! She's shocked. His anger is un-nerving. He sits. 47.
35) 4) dialog: You have one minute to give me something or you’re down that corridor looking at a charge sheet. A beat. She nods. She gets it; she’s really screwed up.
35) 6) dialog: Have you seen your brothers?
35) 8) dialog: What does Gerry think of the ‘Declaration.’
35) 10) dialog: What’s he going to do about it?
35) 12) dialog: He was round at your house yesterday afternoon, just after the document was signed. It was all over the TV news. What did he say? She stares at the table top.
35) 14) dialog: Of course.
35) 16) dialog: Go on, Collette.
35) 18) dialog: What time?
35) 20) dialog: Where?
35) 22) dialog: Let’s go over it again.
35) 24) dialog: (steely) Again. COLLETTE gazes out of the window.
35) 26) dialog: What did he ask you?
35) 29) dialog: Did he know you were in England?
35) 31) dialog: (sighs) Mulgrew’s a cunning piece of shit. He may not come at you right away. So be ready. They wait.
35) 32) dialog: It’s time to go. She continues to gaze out at the black night. She doesn’t want to go. She shivers. He reaches out and closes his hand around her's. A moment. Something here. She does not meet his gaze. COLLETTE steps out and walks rapidly away into the darkness. She does not look back.
37) 2) dialog: Tell me this is bullshit.
37) 4) dialog: I’ve just got a call to--
37) 6) dialog: (incredulous) You want the SAS hiding out in his garden?
37) 8) dialog: (looks at FLETCHER) Tell him. FLETCHER shakes her head.
37) 9) dialog: If you do that, our player is finished. Silence.
37) 11) dialog: You lay an ambush and there’1ll be the mother and father of all witch-hunts. We might as well publish the name in the fucking Belfast Telegraph.
37) 13) dialog: I’m gonna’ call London. FLETCHER glares at him.
37) 14) dialog: I want everything on hold until I’ve talked to Buchanan. He turns away. 51.
38) 3) dialog: Eight months work. And you're going to blow it in a heartbeat.
38) 5) dialog: I’‘1ll be sure to tell her that. Or maybe you can give her boy a cuddle at the funeral. FLETCHER walks away. She’s pissed off now.
38) 6) dialog: Do you enjoy playing God, Kate? She swings around.
38) 31) dialog: This is Box Man.
38) 33) dialog: What do you need?
40) 4) dialog: Back off! Waits. They’re not taking a blind bit of notice.
40) 5) dialog: shit. He gets into the car. The DRIVER accelerates away. EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS. The VAN pegs it through a red light. PADDY hits a car sid on. He veers onto a pavement and shoppers run screaming. INT. VAN - CONTINUOUS. He swings back onto the road -- brakes -- hits another ca - spins -- rights himself -- accelerates until... A cop Land Rover pulls out of a street in front and the v SLAMS RIGHT INTO IT... Twists... Turns over...
44) 0) text: MAC at his desk, on the phone.
44) 1) dialog: Anything?
44) 3) dialog: Mulgrew?
45) 4) dialog: Yes, Shadow Dancer.
45) 6) dialog: Who?
45) 8) dialog: He’s in the hospital. He’s--
45) 10) dialog: Are you sure?
45) 12) dialog: We'll deal with it. COLLETTE cuts the connection. She straightens again, glances nervously over her shoulder. EXT. STREET - SECONDS LATER. She leaves the telephone box and gets only four or five paces before she notices KEVIN MULGREW leaning against a wall. He’s been watching her. MULGREW. What about you’se Collette?
46) 0) text: Uniform cops pouring off a ward. MAC holds up some ID.
46) 1) dialog: I’m looking for the kid.
47) 0) text: COLLETTE arrives on the pavement opposite, soaked, just a MAC emerges from the hospital entrance. No one else is about and they eyeball each other a moment He nods and draws a finger across his throat. COLLETTE shakes her head. He hasn’t...he could not have.. INT. MAC’S CAR - A MINUTE LATER. A red traffic light through the rain-soaked windscreen. About to pull off when the door opens and COLLETTE jumps into the passenger seat.
47) 1) dialog: Jesus! He pushes her head roughly down, so she is out of view, a accelerates away. He takes a roundabout at sixty. Roars up the hill out of town. As soon as he turns off the main road, onto a dirt track, she PUNCHES him. Smack into the face. Hard. He raises an arm for protection, slams on the brakes, ski to a halt. She’s going at him now, punching, scratching...
47) 2) dialog: For God's sake! He takes hold of both her arms.
47) 4) dialog: Calm down, Collette.
47) 6) dialog: What did he say?
47) 8) dialog: Mac?
47) 10) dialog: (watching rivulets of rain run down the windscreen) It’s his job to make you think he knows.
47) 12) dialog: (tougher ) Calm down, Collette. She covers her eyes, groans.
47) 13) dialog: We can’t take you out. Not yet. 69. Silence.
47) 15) dialog: And it isn’t. You made a small mistake. You'll say that I introduced myself as Mr Jenkins, but I was with a colleague who referred to me consistently as Mac. She thinks about this.
47) 16) dialog: Remember who you are. Remember where you’ve come from and what you've done. One mistake doesn’t make you a tout.
47) 18) dialog: No.
47) 20) dialog: I’m here for you. Day and night. Waiting. Watching. If I think you're at risk, we'll take you out. A long silence. CLOSE ON COLLETTE. Doubt. Fear. But a yearning to trust him. To anchor herself. She didn’t know how much she wanted to begin again. She nods. She accepts. She’s his girl now. 70.
47) 28) dialog: You giving Barry Delavine a medal? FLETCHER smiles, shrugs. She’s not going to be drawn.
47) 29) dialog: What’s with the love in?
47) 31) dialog: He had another angle? 72.
51) 0) text: MAC is standing by a car the other side of the police fro the mourners. He’s in a baseball cap and tinted glasses, his collar turned up against the cold. He’s almost unrecognisable. He brings up his camera. THROUGH THE LENS as he fires off some shots; Gerry, Paddy, -- and then a series of IRA man who have filtered into the crowd, including the CHIEF. Snap. Snap... Boom! Chaos -- shouts -- people cowering -- screaming. What the fuck is happening? Boom! 75. SPIN AROUND. In the side street where MAC is standing -- barely fifty yards behind him -- a couple of guys in balaclavas are throwing home-made pipe bombs over the top of the cops and into the crowd. They’re shouting; up the UFF! Up the UFF! Loyalists. Protestant paramilitaries from the other side the wall. Men who claim to be fighting a covert war to protect the integrity of the British state against the IR which would like this territory to be reunited with the rest of Ireland.
52) 2) dialog: Get back! They keep coming. Slowly. With menace. The cops are tryin to push them away, but they want this guy bad. Voices. Yo lookin' after your Proddy friends? Bastards! A couple of the men lunge closer. MAC fires in the air. The men recoil for a moment, but it complete chaos. The crowd is SWELLING. The cops are tryin to BEAT THEM BACK. The cops REACH THE MAN, take him off MAC and try to get h out. There is pushing, shoving, shouting. MAC loses his hat... .-.as he finds himself opposite COLLETTE. She stares at him. And at that moment, she sees that MULGREW is watching her... INT. CONNOLLY HOUSE - A REPUBLICAN ‘COMMUNITY CENTRE’ - A HOUR LATER. A gathering of anyone who is anyone in the IRA. They’re still pumped up by the events outside.
54) 26) dialog: No thanks.
54) 30) dialog: Why have you locked the Henderson file? KATE shrugs, like she doesn’t know what MAC is talking about.
54) 32) dialog: My Dad had an old saying; if it looks like a dog and barks like a dog, it’s a fucking dog.
54) 34) dialog: Barry Delavine works the same side of the street. So if you were pumping his hand, it must have been because he had another angle on Henderson. Another angle means another tout. KATE FLETCHER looks at him. She really doesn’t want to go here.
54) 35) dialog: Collette McVeigh was your idea. So I’m asking myself; why?
54) 37) dialog: I spend eight months reeling her in and you’re prepared to burn her on day one. Why?
54) 39) dialog: I’1l tell you why; because you already have another agent in place. Someone close to her; bigger, better. Mulgrew and his friends started sniffing around, so you needed someone you could feed them if they get too close. She's grim-faced now.
54) 42) dialog: You cannot--
54) 44) dialog: (leaning forward) You think we can win anything if we're that cynical?
54) 46) dialog: There are no winners here, Kate. There never have been. And there never will be.
54) 48) dialog: Even you can’t believe it’s that simple. They stare at each other. Both right, both wrong. 86.
56) 27) dialog: You're late. The DRIVER accelerates away. COLLETTE puts her head in he hands.
56) 29) dialog: In a minute.
56) 31) dialog: Collette--
56) 33) dialog: This is unprofessional.
56) 35) dialog: We had a report in from East Tyrone that you and Gerry were seen at Fox’s house. He’s got his own man in London--
56) 37) dialog: You were with him at Fox’s place. Don’t tell me they were discussing the weather. No answer.
56) 38) dialog: You've a job to do, Collette. No answer. 93.
56) 40) dialog: (steely) We've been over this. It’s not going to end like--
56) 42) dialog: What was Gerry doing with Fox?
56) 43) dialog: Collette, we’re under pressure here. You’ve got to give me more than this.
56) 45) dialog: Or this isn’t going to fucking work.
56) 47) dialog: What?
56) 49) dialog: When?
56) 51) dialog: In London?
56) 53) dialog: But he wants you to go with him? 94.
56) 55) dialog: What about Paddy? She shrugs.
56) 56) dialog: And you said you would? No answer.
56) 57) dialog: (quieter) You have to go with him, Collette.
56) 59) dialog: There’s no choice. You gave up the right to... She suddenly breaks free again, runs up a set of stairs a all the way along the first floor. He catches her by a broken window, which affords a panoramic view of the city
56) 61) dialog: No, you’re not. Stay close to Gerry and see this through and you're out. I give you my word. She shakes her head.
56) 63) dialog: Anywhere you want.
56) 65) dialog: Collette, there’s a better life out there. 95. He takes hold of her arm.
56) 66) dialog: Believe me. She stares at him. Seismic tension now. She wants to believe him. My God, this minute, she wants more than anything in the world... He still has a hold of her wrist. She drifts closer, her face only inches from his. She finds his hand... Touching. Linked fingers. Locked. Tight. They kiss. Suppressed passion explodes and they’re all ov each other. Against the wall. He lifts her coat, her dres Fumbling. Groping. Hushed, urgent, crazy... He’s almost in her. He staggers back. She stands, clothes dishevelled. Madness... He raises his hands.
56) 67) dialog: I'm sorry... INT. MAC’S CAR - MINUTES LATER. MAC gets in. Through the windscreen, we can see COLLETTE walking away up the road.
56) 77) dialog: Yes?
56) 79) dialog: (business-like) How can I help? 97. She waits. What did she expect?
56) 81) dialog: What do you need, Shadow Dancer?
56) 83) dialog: When?
56) 85) dialog: We'll take care of it. You know what the guns are to be used for?
56) 87) dialog: Do you have any more on your brother’s plans?
66) 0) text: GERRY and COLLETTE sit next to each other as the plane takes off. INT. FLETCHER’S OFFICE - MI5’S BELFAST HEADQUARTERS - DAY MAC bursts in...
66) 1) dialog: They’re on the move: Dublin, bound for Paris.
66) 3) dialog: An Irish cop spotted Gerry. He was spooling through CCTV footage of the security queue, looking for someone else.
68) 0) text: FLETCHER and MAC run towards the open door of a waiting chinook helicopter. It immediately takes off and twists s wards.
69) 0) text: French detectives flood the security barrier. Too late... INT. MI5’S LONDON HQ - CONTROL ROOM - DAY MAC and FLETCHER striding in. People at desks, on the phone. A map of PARIS on the big central screen.
69) 1) dialog: Have we got ‘em? A guy with his sleeves rolled up shakes his head. He star moving the mouse to bring up images on screen. Grainy CCT footage of the pair getting into a taxi. Clicks to 105.
69) 6) dialog: You think Paris is the destination? The man shrugs.
72) 0) text: GERRY is turning in, still more or less fully dressed. COLLETTE lies in the single bed next to him. GERRY takes out a revolver and puts it under his pillow. He switches out the light. INT. MI5’S HEADQUARTERS - CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT MAC is leaning on a desk, surrounded by officers working through the night. The Ops guy is pulling up potential targets on the big screen. 107.
72) 3) dialog: (straightening) It’s not Paris. They all look at him, including FLETCHER.
72) 4) dialog: Gerry McVeigh wants something big enough to derail the process. That ain’t the British ambassador or any other target in Paris.
72) 6) dialog: He needs scale or scope. Scale; maybe a military barracks. He could drive to one of the Rhineland bases in a night. Scope; we should run a check on all the grade one targets and their movements over the next 24 hours; the Queen, Prime Minister, Charles. We know Gerry’s had his own man in London. Stands to reason this is why.
72) 8) dialog: Depends how good he is.
74) 25) dialog: No. You can see the tension in every face. The clock is ticki and they've got nothing.
74) 27) dialog: Yes sir.
74) 29) dialog: Yes.
74) 31) dialog: None.
74) 33) dialog: Gerry McVeigh is a careful man. He'll be watching her. No phone calls. No contact. But she’1l find a way. BUCHANAN turns to FLETCHER. 111.
86) 0) text: COLLETTE is still DAZED. A beat as she turns it all over in her mind... INT. MI5’S LONDON HQ - CONTROL ROOM - DAY BUCHANAN at the centre of an informal huddle. He’s lookin at MAC.
86) 2) dialog: She’11l come through. BUCHANAN turns to FLETCHER.
87) 2) dialog: She’s set off her emergency bleeper. Going closer...the HOUSE OF COMMONS
87) 3) dialog: Christ... 120. He bursts out of the door...
89) 0) text: MAC careering down the stairs... INT. COLLETTE’S HOME - LIVING ROOM - DAY MA. (sighs) Long ago. They said they had enough evidence to put Paddy in prison for the rest of his life. I'd lost one son. I didn’t want to lose another. Wouldn’t you have done the same, Kevin?
90) 0) text: MAC pounds the pavement, past startled tourists. Sirens WAILING. Cops STREAMING in from all directions.
92) 0) text: MAC charges through the gate holding up his pass. He tear around the yard inside...
93) 0) text: COLLETTE is walking away from BIG BEN, but there are poli cars and sirens everywhere now, so she stops and turns ba to face the COMMONS. INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS - DAY. MAC bursts into the bottom of the stairwell, a Browning pistol in his hand... INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS - CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS.
93) 2) dialog: Move! He smashes through... INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS - CHAMBER - CONTINUOUS.
95) 2) dialog: Gerry! GERRY hesitates a split second -- just long enough for MA to hit him running at full pelt. They career into the balustrade -- tip over... Smack into the floor below. Pandemonium. MAC wrestling with GERRY. More shouts. Screams. People sprinting from the chamber. 123. The Prime Minister’s bodyguards charging in -- pulling their man out -- looking for a shot at GERRY. Too many MP in the way... GERRY has lost his revolver. But he’s on his feet...running... Out into...
96) 0) text: ...-where he charges a startled cop. Head butts him. Grab his revolver. Turns back to face MAC. A shot. MAC hits the deck. Another cop on the other side of the lobby reacts. Blam! Blam! But Gerry is running again. Out into the...
97) 0) text: ..+.-where members of the public are scattering in panic. GERRY fires twice in the air. Chaos again. On MAC as he fights against the tide of people fleeing. He still has his revolver, but there’s no way he’s going get a shot.
98) 0) text: GERRY pounding down a massively long, half-deserted corridor. A couple of startled clerks. Some businessmen waiting for a meeting. GERRY turns. Kneels. As MAC comes around the corner, blam, blam! This time he’s got him. ON MAC as he goes down. Hit in the arm. Sodding terrible pain. GERRY ducks through a door. 124.
99) 0) text: A spiral staircase. Pounding up it. Breathing ragged. MAC crashes through the door behind him.
99) 1) dialog: There’s no way out, Gerry. GERRY fires another shot, but misses. He bursts out onto the...
101) 1) dialog: It’s over Gerry. The IRA man stares back. It’ll never be over. Click! He’s tried to fire, but there’s nothing left in the chamber. The thud of a helicopter above, of sirens in every direction.
101) 2) dialog: It’s over. GERRY turns, runs, jumps...
102) 0) text: ..-Smacks into the wall of the terrace below and slumps into the river. His body slips under the water, then surfaces again, befo the tide slowly sweeps it away. The man in the boat opposite roars off. EXT. HOUSE OF COMMONS - ROOF. ON MAC as he looks down. The end he deserved. But still... The death of a man. Of an idea. MAC understood his journey, his choices. But sooner or later we have to take responsibility for the decisions we make.
103) 0) text: MAC and KATE FLETCHER watch two uniformed police constabl digging. Gradually, they reveal something wrapped in a plastic sheet. They struggle to pull it free. It comes out of the wet earth with a dull pop. The cops stare at FLETCHER and MAC. FLETCHER nods grimly. They cut away at the tarpaulin and peel it back to reveal... MA's face. White. Dead. 127. They stare. MAC looks at FLETCHER.
103) 1) dialog: You worked out who won yet? MAC turns away in disgust, walks up a slippery path to th flat parking area of a gravel pit. As he emerges, COLLETT climbs out of the car in which she has been waiting. She comes towards him. She looks SHATTERED.
103) 3) dialog: Stay here, Collette.
103) 5) dialog: It doesn’t work like that. She's breaking down now. Inconsolable. Her mother. Inadvertently but inevitably, she’s killed her. Two touts, too close. One was bound to die. MAC scoops her up like a child...
104) 0) text: He gets into the back seat with her, next to MARK, who is waiting there, bewildered. MAC nods at the driver. They pull out of the quarry, turn down the hill. MAC draws COLLETTE and MARK close to him. They do not resist his protective embrace. His family now... 128.