0) 5) text: The usual Schwabadero       gravy train. crowd sits at the fount- ain, gossips at the cigar-stand, loiters by the magazine display. MOVE IN towards the TWO TELEPHONE BOOTHS.  In       I got myself ten nickels one of them sits Gillis,    and started sending out a stack of nickels in       a general S.O.S.  Couldn't front of him.  He's         get hold of my agent, doing a lot of talking      naturally.  So then I into the telephone,         called a pal of mine,name hanging up, dropping        of Artie Green -- an awful another nickel, dialing,    nice guy, an assistant talking again.              director.  He cquld let me have twenty, but twenty wouldn't do. Then I talked to a couple of yes men at Twentieth.  To me they said no.  Finally I located that agent of mine, the big faker.  Was he out digging up a job for poor Joe Gillis? Hmph! He was hard at work in Bel Air, making with the golf clubs.
4) 1) text: Gillis shuts the door.           GILLIS'VOICE He takes a few steps       I didn't know where I was forward, then stands       going.  I just had to get for a while breathing      out of there.  I had to be deep.  The rain is         with people my own age.  I balm to that cheek         had to hear somebody laugh where the slap still a     again.  I thought of Artie burns.  He walks for-      Green.  There was bound to ward with a great          be a New Year's shindig sense of relief.           going on in his apartment down on Las Palmas -- the hock shop set -- not a job
4) 6) dialog: Well, what do you know ! Joe Gillis !
4) 8) dialog: Where have you been keeping that gorgeous face of yours?
4) 10) dialog: I almost reported you to the Bureau of Missing Persons. (To the company)
4) 11) text: Fans, you all know Joe Gillis, the well-known screen writer, opium smuggler and Black Dahlia suspect. Gillis greets some of the kids by name as he and Artie push their way into the room.
4) 12) dialog: Give me your coat.
4) 14) dialog: You're going to stay, aren't you?
4) 16) dialog: Come on. Artie starts peeling the coat off Gillis.  Its texture takes his breath away.
4) 17) dialog: What is this - mink? He has taken the coat.  He looks at Gillis standing there in tails.
4) 18) dialog: Judas E. Priest, who did you borrow that from? Adolphe Menjou?
4) 20) dialog: Say, you're not really smuggling opium these days,  are you?
4) 23) dialog: The greatest.  They call me the Elsa Maxwell of the assistant directors. (To some guests who are dipping their empty cups into the punch bowl)
4) 26) dialog: Sure, this'll go on all night.
4) 28) dialog: It just so happens we have a vacancy on the couch.
4) 30) dialog: I'll have the bell-hop take care of your luggage. He runs his finger across the decollete back of a girl standing in a group next them.
4) 31) dialog: Just register here. The girl turns around.  She is Betty Schaefer.
4) 33) dialog: You know each other? Gillis looks at her a little puzzled.
4) 36) dialog: Wait a minute.  This is the woman I love.  What's going on? Who was loaded?
4) 41) dialog: Over by the Rainbow Room. Gillis squeezes his way through groups of people to the telephone, which is next to an open door leading to the bathroom.  The phone is busy.  A girl sits listening to it, giggling wildly.  Another girl beside her is laughing too.  They are apparently sharing a conversation with some man on the other end of the wire.  The telephone passes from hand to hand. Gillis watches impatiently, then
4) 56) dialog: I said you could have my couch. I didn't say you could have my girl.
11) 8) dialog: Walking out on the mob.  What's the big idea?
11) 10) dialog: Someone in the formal set, no doubt, with a ten-carat kidney stone.
11) 23) dialog: Unless you'd rather have Sarah Bernhardt.
11) 29) dialog: Could you write in plenty of back- ground action, so they'll need an extra assistant director?
11) 38) dialog: The accent! I've got it: this guy is in the pay of a foreign government. Get those studs.  Get those cuff-links.
11) 45) dialog: (Patting her hand)
11) 62) text: All right.  Give me this.  I need it for a moustache.  Now close your eyes. She runs out of the                 GILLIS' VOICE picture.  Gillis has      Something was the matter, closed his eyes.          all right.  I was thinking THE CAMERA MOVES to       about that girl of Artie's, his face.                 that Miss Schaefer.  She was so like all us writers when we first hit Holly- wood -- itching with am- bition, panting to get your names up there: Screenplay by.  Original Story by.  Hmph!  Audiences don't know somebody sits down and writes a picture. They think the actors make it up as they go along.
12) 275) text: E-20    GILLIS' ROOM                 Betty Schaefer engag to Artie Green, as nice