0) 46) dialog: In here! Gillis enters the shot.
0) 48) dialog: Go on in. There is authority in the gesture of his white- gloved hand as he motions Gillis inside.
0) 50) dialog: Wipe your feet! Automatically, Gillis wipes his feet on an enormous shabby cocoanut mat.
0) 51) dialog: You are not dressed properly.
0) 54) dialog: (Gesturing)
0) 57) dialog: Madame is waiting.
1) 1) dialog: (From below)
1) 61) text: Max!  Max! (To Gillis)
1) 65) dialog: Yes.  Madame. He leaves.  Norma turns to Gillis again.
1) 67) text: Max comes in, wheeling     Sometimes it's interesting a wicker tea wagon on      to see just how bad bad which are two bottles o    writing can be.  This prom- f champagne and two        ised to go the limit.  I red Venetian glasses,      wondered what a handwriting a box of zwieback and      expert would make of that a jar of caviar.  Norma    childish scrawl of hers. sits on her feet.  deep    Max wheeled in some champagne in a chair, a gold ring    and some caviar.  Later, I on her forefinger with     found out that Max was the a clip which holds a       only other person in that cigarette.  She gets up    grim Sunset castle, and I and forces on Gillis       found out a few other things another batch of script,   about him... As for her, she goes back to her chair.    sat coiled up like a watch spring, her cigarette clamped in a curious holder... I could sense her eyes on me from behind those dark glasses, defying me not to like what I read, or maybe begging me in her own proud way to like it.  It meant so much to her...
1) 69) text: PAN DOWN to the moan-  Max, and a dead monkey upstair ing organ.  PAN OVER   and the wind wheezing through TO THE ENTRANCE DOOR.  that organ once in a while. Max opens it, and a    Later on, just for comedy solemn-faced man in    relief, the real guy arrived undertaker's clothes   with a baby coffin.  It was brings in a small      all done with great dignity. white coffin.  (Thru   He must have been a very these shots the room   important chimp.  The great has been growing       grandson of King Kong, maybe. duskier.)
1) 109) text: Max, an electric light   uation.  I'd dropped the hook, bulb in his hand, is     and she'd snapped at it.  Now leading Gillis up.       my car would be safe down Gillis carries a batch   below, while I did a patch- of the manuscript.       up job on the script.  And there should be plenty of money in it...
1) 110) text: Max pushes open a door at the top of the stairs.
1) 111) dialog: (Opening the door)
1) 114) text: How did you know I was going to stay, this afternoon? Max doesn't answer.  He walks across to the bed, screws a bulb in the open socket above it.  The light goes on, revealing:
1) 116) dialog: This room has not been used for a long time.
1) 118) dialog: (Pointing)
1) 122) dialog: She was the greatest.  You wouldn't know.  You are too young.  In one week she got seventeen thousand fan letters.  Men would bribe her mani- curist to get clippings from her fingernails.  There was a Maharajah who came all the way from Hyderabad to get one of her stockings.  Later, he strangled himself with it.
1) 124) dialog: You did, sir.
1) 136) text: Norma Desmond and Max are      to rest an only child. carrying the white coffin      Was her life really towards a small grave as       as empty as that? which has been dug in the dead turf.  Norma carries one of the candelabra, all of its candles flickering in the wind.  They reach the grave and lower the coffin into it.  Then, Norma lighting his task with the candelabrum, Max takes a spade from the loose earth and starts filling in the grave.
1) 154) dialog: Naturally.  I brought them myself.
1) 157) dialog: Why are you so upset?  Is there anything missing?
1) 207) dialog: (Quietly)
1) 210) dialog: That's what I told them.
1) 212) dialog: They found your car in the garage.  They are going to tow it away. Gillis doesn't know what to do.  From offstage comes:
1) 239) text: Max, what's a good men's shop in town?  The very best... Well, go there !
1) 242) text: By this time Max has made a U-turn.
3) 0) text: Water is drizzling from            GILLIS' VOICE two or three spots in the   The last week in December ceiling into pans and       the rains came -- a great bowls set to catch it,      big package of rain. one bowl right on the       Over-sized, like every- bed.  The room is almost    thing else in California. emptied of Gillis' be- longings by now.  Max       It came right through is carrying out a hand-     the old roof of my room full of new suits on        above the garage.  She hangers.  He has a          had Max move me to the dressing gown over his      main house.  I didn't shoulder.  Gillis holds     much like the idea -- the a stack of shirts, his      only time I could have typewriter, and some        to myself was in that manuscript.  He surveys     room -- but it was better the room for the last       than sleeping in a rain- time, to see whether        coat and galoshes. he's forgotten any- thing.  He has.  He puts down the typewriter and picks up from under the bed a pair of very smart red leather bedroom slippers.  He tucks them under his arm, picks up the typewriter and leaves.
3) 3) dialog: It was the room of the husband. Or of the husbands, I should say. Madame has been married three times. Slightly embarrassed, Gillis picks up his toilet kit with razor, toothbrushes, soap, etc., and starts towards the bathroom, pausing en route at a rain- splattered window.
3) 6) dialog: There are no locks anywhere in this house. He points to the entrance door of the room, and to another door.
3) 8) dialog: The doctor suggested it.
3) 10) dialog: Madame's doctor.  She has moments of melancholy.  There have been some suicide attempts.
3) 12) dialog: We have to be very careful.  No sleeping pills, no razor blades. We shut off the gas in her bed- room.
3) 14) dialog: I wouldn't look too closely at the postmarks.
3) 16) dialog: I'd better press your evening clothes, sir.  You have not for- gotten Madame's New Year's party.
3) 18) dialog: I don't know, sir.  Madame made the arrangements. Max leaves.  Gillis comes out of the bathroom, picks up his shirts, goes over to a closet, opens it.  As he does so one of the doors without a lock swings slightly open.  Gillis looks through the half-open door and sees.
3) 37) text: Careful, it's slippery.  I had it waxed. They reach the buffet.  Max is ready with two glasses of champagne.  Norma hands Gillis a glass.
4) 90) dialog: I am sorry, Mr.  Gillis. I cannot talk now.
4) 94) dialog: I have no time to talk.  The doctor is here.
4) 98) dialog: She got the razor from your room.  She cut her wrists. Max hangs up, moves toward the staircase.
5) 0) text: The doctor's car is parked in the driveway.  A taxi pulls up.  Gillis, in his Vicuna coat now, jumps out, throws a couple of dollars to the rdriver and runs toward the house. C-28a    DOORWAY, NORMA DESMOND HOUSE&gt; Max is opening the door to let out the doctor, a professional looking man carrying a black bag. Gillis runs into the SHOT.
5) 2) dialog: She is upstairs. Gillis starts to push past Max.  Max grabs his arm.
5) 3) dialog: Be careful.  Do not race up the stairs.  The musicians must not know what has happened. Gillis goes into the house.
8) 1) text: The telephone is heard      which I think I should tell ringing.  Max comes from    you about. living room to the phone, picks it up.
8) 2) dialog: Hello ... Yes? D-1a    BETTY SCHAEFER, AT THE PHONE ON HER DESK IN THE
8) 5) dialog: He is not here. D-1c    BETTY ON THE PHONE
8) 7) dialog: Nobody here can give you any information.  You will please not call again. He hangs up.  From off comes:
8) 9) dialog: Nothing, Madame.  Somebody Inqu- iring about a stray dog.  We must have a number very similar to the pound. He starts to turn back.
8) 11) dialog: Yes, Madame. He goes into the house.
9) 3) text: Max is driving.  In the     were going to the house of tonneau sit Norma, in a     one of the waxworks for chinchilla wrap, and        some bridge.  She'd taught Gillis in his tuxedo.       me how to play bridge by Norma is rummaging          then, just as she'd taught through her evening         me some fancy tango steps, bag.  She finds a           and what wine to drink cigarette case, opens       with what fish. it.  It is empty.
9) 9) text: Pull up at the drugstore, will you, Max. (To Norma)
11) 34) text: Max has appeared in the door.
11) 35) dialog: Mr. Gillis, if you please.
11) 37) text: Max leaves.
11) 64) dialog: Madame is wanted on the telephone.
11) 66) dialog: Paramount is calling.
11) 68) dialog: Paramount studios.
11) 71) dialog: It is not Mr. deMille in person. It is someone by the name or Gordon Cole.  He says it's very important.
11) 73) dialog: I myself was surprised at Mr. de Mille's manners.
11) 75) dialog: Very good, Madam. He bows and exits.
11) 83) text: Norma is examining her face in the mirror of her vanity.  Max, while driving, sees her in the rear view mirror.
11) 84) dialog: If you will pardon me, Madame. The shadow over the left eye is not quite balanced.
11) 88) dialog: To see Mr. de Mille.  Open the gate.
11) 90) dialog: No appointment is necessary.  I am bringing Norma Desmond.
12) 0) text: Norma's limousine drives up.  Max dismounts and opens the door.
12) 67) dialog: (Pointing to the row of offices in the building opposite)
12) 70) dialog: He had a great big bungalow on wheels.  I had the upstairs.  See where it says 'Readers' Department'? I remember my walls were covered with black patent leather... The words "Readers' Department" have registered on Gillis' mind.  He gets out of the car.
12) 74) dialog: Go away.  Go away.
12) 116) dialog: I just found out why all those tele- phone calls.  It is not Miss Desmond they want.  It is the car they want to rent.
12) 118) dialog: Ssh... With his head he indicates
12) 131) dialog: Yes, Miss Desmond. As he says the words, he and Gillis exchange a glance in the rear view mirror.
12) 176) text: (Lighted only by the last flicker of a fire on the       one.  That story of mine hearth).  Max is putting a fire screen in front of        Betty Schaerer had dug the fire.  He hears some steps and the creak or the     up kept going through main door being opened. He looks out and sees          my head like a dozen locomotives...
12) 231) dialog: You must be very careful as you cross the patio.  Madame may be watching.
12) 233) dialog: I'm not inquiring where Mr. Gillis goes every night...
12) 235) dialog: It's just that I'm very worried about Madame.
12) 237) dialog: She never will.  That is my job. It has been for a long time.  You must understand I discovered her when she was eighteen.  I made her a star.  I cannot let her be destroyed.
12) 239) dialog: I directed all her early pictures. There were three young directors who showed promise in those days: D.W. Grirrith, C.B. deMille, and Max von Mayerling.
12) 241) dialog: It was I who asked to come back, humiliating as it may seem.  I could have gone on witn my career, only I found everything unendur- able arter she divorced me.  You see, I was her rirst husband.
13) 10) dialog: Yes, sir. He stands back as Gillis opens the door.
13) 54) text: Max! Max!
13) 79) dialog: Madame is the greatest star of them all...  I will take Mr. Gillis' bags.
13) 95) text: She shoots twice in rapid succession.  Gillis drops the typewriter.  The shots have swung him around.  He is now facing Norma.  She shoots him.  This shot hits him in the belly.  He doubles up, instinctively backs away from her, plummets into the lit pool. Up the stone steps from the garage rushes Max. He sees the situation, hurries towards Norma, who stands exultant in the strange light from the pool.
13) 103) text: THE CAMERA PANS TO ANOTHER PART OF THE BEDROOM, where Norma sits at a mirror, staring at herself blankly. Firing questions at her are the Captain of the Holmby Hills Division and the L.A.  Homicide Squad.  Max stands by faithfully.
13) 119) dialog: The cameras have arrived, Madame.
13) 122) dialog: Please ...
13) 128) dialog: Is everything set up, gentlemen? Are the lights ready?
13) 129) text: From the stairway comes a murnur.  They look up. Norma has emerged from the bedroom and comes to the head of the stairs.  There are golden spangles in her hair and in her hand she carries a golden scarf. The police clear a path for her to descend.  Press cameras flash at her every step. Max stands at the cameras.
13) 130) dialog: Is everything set up, gentlemen?
13) 133) dialog: Are the lights ready?
13) 135) dialog: Quiet, everybody!  Lights! Are you ready, Norma?
13) 137) dialog: This is the staircase of the palace.
13) 139) dialog: All right. (To cameramen)