1) 4) dialog: In here.  I put him on my massage table in front of the fire.  He always liked fires and poking at them with a stick. Gillis enters the SHOT and she leads him into
1) 6) dialog: I've made up my mind we'll bury him in the garden.  Any city laws against that?
1) 8) dialog: I don't care anyway.  I want the coffin to be white.  And I want it specially lined with satin. White, or deep pink. She picks up the shawl to make up her mind about the color.  From under the shawl flops down a dead arm. Gillis stares and recoils a little.  It is like a child's arm, only black and hairy.
1) 9) dialog: Maybe red.  bright flaming red. Gay.  Let's make it gay. Gillis edges closer and glances down.  Under the shawl he sees the sad, bearded face of a dead chimpanzee.  Norma drops back the shawl.
1) 10) dialog: How much will it be?  I warn you - don't give me a fancy price just because I'm rich.
1) 13) dialog: It is not.  Get out.
1) 15) dialog: Get out.
1) 17) dialog: Or shall I call my servant?
1) 19) dialog: I am big.  It's the pictures that got small.
1) 21) dialog: They're dead.  They're finished. There was a time when this busi- ness had the eyes of the whole wide world.  But that wasn't good enough.  Oh, nol They wanted the ears of the world, too.  So they opened their big mouths, and out came talk, talk, talk...
1) 23) dialog: Look at them in the front offices -- the master minds! They took the idols and smashed them.  The Fairbankses and the Chaplins and the Gilberts and the Valentinos. And who have they got now?  Some nobodies -- a lot of pale little frogs croaking pish-poshl
1) 25) dialog: You are! Writing words, words! You've made a rope of words and strangled this businessl But there is a microphone right there to catch the last gurgles, and Technicolor to photograph the red, swollen tongue!
1) 27) dialog: Get out! Gillis starts down the stairs.
1) 29) dialog: Just a minute, you!
1) 31) dialog: You're a writer, you said.
1) 33) dialog: Are you or aren't you?
1) 35) dialog: And you have written pictures, haven't you?
1) 37) dialog: I want to ask you something. Come in here. She leads him into
1) 39) dialog: The wind gets in that blasted pipe organ.  I ought to have it taken out.
1) 41) dialog: How long is a movie script these days?  I mean, how many pages?
1) 43) dialog: This is to be a very important picture.  I have written it myself.  Took me years.
1) 46) dialog: It's the story or Salome.  I think I'll have DeMille direct it.
1) 48) dialog: We've made a lot of pictures together.
1) 50) dialog: Who else ?
1) 52) dialog: I hate that word.  It is a return. A return to the millions of people who have never forgiven me for deserting the screen.
1) 54) dialog: Salome -- what a woman! What a part! The Princess in love with a Holy man.  She dances the Dance of the Seven Veils.  He rejects her, so she demands his head on a golden tray, kissing his cold, dead lips.
1) 56) dialog: (Taking it straight)
1) 60) dialog: I am not afraid.  Read it! NORMA (Cont'd) (Calling)
1) 64) dialog: Bring something to drink.
1) 66) dialog: I said sit down. There is compulsion in her voice. Gillis looks at her                   GILLIS' VOICE and starts slowly          Well.  I had no pressing reading.                   engagement, and she'd men- tioned something to drink..
1) 67) text: Max comes in, wheeling     Sometimes it's interesting a wicker tea wagon on      to see just how bad bad which are two bottles o    writing can be.  This prom- f champagne and two        ised to go the limit.  I red Venetian glasses,      wondered what a handwriting a box of zwieback and      expert would make of that a jar of caviar.  Norma    childish scrawl of hers. sits on her feet.  deep    Max wheeled in some champagne in a chair, a gold ring    and some caviar.  Later, I on her forefinger with     found out that Max was the a clip which holds a       only other person in that cigarette.  She gets up    grim Sunset castle, and I and forces on Gillis       found out a few other things another batch of script,   about him... As for her, she goes back to her chair.    sat coiled up like a watch spring, her cigarette clamped in a curious holder... I could sense her eyes on me from behind those dark glasses, defying me not to like what I read, or maybe begging me in her own proud way to like it.  It meant so much to her...
1) 71) text: reading.  The lamp     stomach, what with that sweet beside him is now      champagne and that tripe I'd really paying its      been reading -- that silly way in the dark room.  hodgepodge of melodramatic A lot of the manu-     plots.  However, by then I'd script pages are       started concocting a little piled on the floor     plot of my own... around his feet.  A half-empty champagne glass stands on the arm of his chair. THE CAMERA SLOWLY DRAWS BACK to include Norma Desmond sitting in the dusk, just as she was before. Gillis puts down a batch of script.  There is a little pause.
1) 72) dialog: (Impatiently)
1) 75) dialog: Of course it is.
1) 77) dialog: I wrote that with my heart.
1) 79) dialog: What for?  I can say anything I want with my eyes.
1) 81) dialog: I will not have it butchered.
1) 83) dialog: Who?  I'd have to have somebody I can trust.  When were you born -- I mean, what sign of the zodiac?
1) 85) dialog: What month?
1) 87) dialog: Sagittarius.  I like Sagittarians. You can trust them.
1) 89) dialog: I want you to do this work.
1) 91) dialog: I don't care.
1) 93) dialog: I wouldn't worry about money. I'll make it worth your while.
1) 95) dialog: Oh no.  I couldn't let it out of my house.  You'll have to finish it here.
1) 97) dialog: Are you married, Mr.  -- ?
1) 99) dialog: Where do you live?
1) 101) dialog: There's something wrong with your car, you said.
1) 103) dialog: You can stay here.
1) 105) dialog: Nonsense.  There's room over the garage.  Max will take you there...Max!
1) 121) text: Say, she's quite a character, that Norma Desmond.
1) 136) text: Norma Desmond and Max are      to rest an only child. carrying the white coffin      Was her life really towards a small grave as       as empty as that? which has been dug in the dead turf.  Norma carries one of the candelabra, all of its candles flickering in the wind.  They reach the grave and lower the coffin into it.  Then, Norma lighting his task with the candelabrum, Max takes a spade from the loose earth and starts filling in the grave.
1) 160) text: Gillis looks around. On the couch by the fireplace reclines Norma Desmond, dressed in a negligee.  She rises.
1) 161) dialog: I don't know why you should be so upset.  Stop that playing, Max. (To Gillis again) It seemed like a good idea -- if we are to work together.
1) 163) dialog: You'll like it here.
1) 165) dialog: You can't work in an apartment where you owe three months' rent.
1) 167) dialog: It's all taken care of.  It's all paid for.
1) 169) dialog: You proud boy, why didn't you tell me you were having difficulties.
1) 171) dialog: Now, now, don't let's be small about such matters.  We won't keep books. (To Max) Go on, unpack Mr. Gillis' things.
1) 173) dialog: (Her glasses off again) Suppose you make up your mind. Do you want this job or don't you?
1) 177) text: Facing him at some dis-      it off in a couple or tance sits Norma,dressed     weeks.  But it wasn't in another version of her    so simple, getting some favorite lounging pajamas,   coherence into that wild, the cigaette contraption     scrambled melodrama on her finger.  She is       she'd concocted.  What autographing large photo-    made it tougher was that graphs of herself and put-   she was around all the ting them in envelopes.      time -- hovering over me, afraid I'd do injury to that precious brain- child of hers.
1) 178) text: Gillis takes two or three pages from Norma's hand- written script, crosses them out and puts them to one side. Norma rises, crosses towards Gillis, looks over his shoulder.
1) 179) dialog: What's that?
1) 181) dialog: What scene?
1) 183) dialog: Cut away from me?
1) 185) dialog: They don't?  Then why do they still write me fan letters every day. Why do they beg me for my photo- graphs?  Because they want to see me, me, me!  Norma Desmond.
1) 187) text: He pulls the page from his typewriter. As he does so he glances over towards Norma.
1) 189) text: DISSOLVE TO:                 Desmonds? More Norma Desmond and still more Norma Desmond.
1) 196) text: watching the screen.          me, and she'd smell of Gillis looks down and sees    tuberoses, which is not that Norma's hand is clasp-   my favorite perfume, not ing his ann tight. He         by a long shot. Sometines doesn't like it much but      as we watched, she'd c he can't do anything about    lutch my arm or my hand it. However. when she for     forgetting she was my a second lets go his arm      employer becoming just a to pick up a glass of         fan, excited about that champagne, he gently with-    actress up there on the draws his arm, leans away     screen....I guess I don't from her and crosses his      have to tell you who the arms to discourage any        star was.  They were resumption of her approach.   always her pictures -- Norma puts the glass down     that's all she wanted doesn't find his arn, but     to see. is not aware of any signifi- cance in his maneuver. They both watch the screen.
1) 199) dialog: Still wonderful, isn't it?  And no dialogue.  We didn't need dialogue.  We had faces.  There just aren't any faces like that any more.  Well, maybe one -- Garbo. In a sudden flareup she jumps to her feet and stands in the flickering beam of light.
1) 200) dialog: Those idiot producers!  Those imbeciles!  Haven't they got any eyes?  Have they forgotten what a star looks like?  I'll show them. I'll be up there again.  So help me!
1) 203) text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK       a cent a point.  I'd get AND PANS to reveal a        half her winnings.  Once card table around           they ran up to seventy which sit Norma and         cents, which was about three friends - three       the only cash money I actors of her period.       ever got.  The others They sit erect and play     around the table would with grim seriousness.      be actor friends - dim figures you may still
1) 204) text: Beside Norma sits           remember from the silent Gillis, kibitzing on a      days.  I used to think of game which bores him        them as her Wax Works. extremely.  An ashtray on the card table is full and Norma holds it out for Gillis to take away.  He crosses the room to the fire- place. but his eyes fall on the entrance door and he stops.
1) 215) dialog: Not now, my dear.  I'm playing three no trump.
1) 217) dialog: Please.  Now I've forgotten how many spades are out.
1) 219) dialog: Can't you wait till I'm dummy?
1) 221) dialog: (Angry by now)
1) 226) dialog: Now what is it?  Where's the fire?
1) 228) dialog: Oh...and I thought it was a matter of life and death.
1) 230) dialog: Now you're being silly.  We don't need two cars.  We have a car.  And not one of thuse cheap new things made of chromium and spit.  An Isotta-Fraschini.  Have you ever heard of Isotta-Fraschinis?  All hand-made.  Cost me twenty-eight thousand dollars. THE CAMERA HAS PANNED over to the garage and FOCUSES on the dirty Isotta-Fraschini on its blocks.
1) 235) text: B-22   INSIDE THE CAR              hills above Sunset. Gillis sits beside Norma,   The whole thing was up- who is wearing a smart      holstered in leopard tailleur and her eternal    skin, and had one of sun glasses. Gillis         those car phones, all wears his sport jacket-     gold-plated. flannel trousers-moccasin combinatIon. He sits uncomfortably. Norma is studying him.
1) 236) dialog: That's a dreadful shirt you're wearing.
1) 238) dialog: Nothing, if you work in a fill- ing station.  And I'm getting rather bored with that sport jacket, and those same baggy pants. (She picks up the car phone)
1) 241) dialog: Why begrudge me a little fun? I just want you to look nice, my stray little boy.
2) 0) text: Gillis stands in front of a full-length triple mirror, surrounded by a couple of salesmen and the tailor, who is busily working out alterations. Gillis wears a double-breasted gray flannel coat with chalk stripes.  His trousers belong to another suit of glen plaid.  Norma is running the show.
2) 1) dialog: There's nothing like gray flannel with a chalk stripe. (she points at the trousers) This one single-breasted, of course. (to another salesman) Now we need a topcoat.  Let's see what you have in camel's hair.
2) 3) dialog: How about some evening clothes?
2) 5) dialog: Of course you do.  A tuxedo and tails.
2) 7) dialog: You'll need them for parties. You'll need them for New Year's Eve. (to a salesman) Where are your evening clothes?
3) 24) dialog: Joe,  you look absolutely divine.  Turn around!
3) 27) dialog: Come on! Gillis makes a slow 36O-degree turn.
3) 28) dialog: Perfect.  Wonderful shoulders. And I love that line. She indicates the V from his shoulders to his hips.
3) 30) dialog: Come here! She puts the gardenia on his lapel.
3) 32) dialog: I don't like those studs they've sent.  I want you to have pearls. Nice big pearls.
3) 34) dialog: Cute.  Let's have some drinks. She leads him over to the buffet.
3) 36) dialog: (Pointing at the floor)
3) 37) text: Careful, it's slippery.  I had it waxed. They reach the buffet.  Max is ready with two glasses of champagne.  Norma hands Gillis a glass.
3) 38) dialog: Here's to us. They drink.
3) 39) dialog: You know, this floor used to be wood but I had it changed. Valentino said there is nothing like tiles for a tango. She opens her arms.
3) 41) dialog: Just follow me. They start to tango.  After a moment --
3) 42) dialog: Don't bend back like that.
3) 47) dialog: Who?
3) 49) dialog: There are no other guests.  We don't want to share this night with other people.  This is for you and me.
3) 51) dialog: Hold me tighter.
3) 53) dialog: You think this is all very funny.
3) 55) dialog: Is it funny that I'm in love with you?
3) 57) dialog: I'm in love with you.  Don't you know that? I've been in love with you all along. They dance on.  Gillis is acutely embarrassed. THE CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK, PANS past the faces of the musicians, who play on with a rather overe- mphasized lack of interest.  Finally it winds up on Max, behind the buffet.  He stands watching Gillis, a faint trace of pity in his eyes.
3) 61) dialog: What a wonderful next year it's going to be.  What fun we're going to have.  I'II fill the pool for you.  Or I'll open my house in Malibu, and you can have the whole ocean.  Or I'll buy you a boat and we'll sail to Hawaii.
3) 63) dialog: Don't be silly. (She reaches under a pillow of the couch and brings out a leather box)
3) 65) dialog: Read what's inside. Gillis snaps open the case.  Engraved inside the cover is: TO JOE FROM NORMA, and two bars of music.
3) 67) dialog: "Mad about the boy."
3) 69) dialog: Shut up.  I'm rich.  I'm richer than all this new Hollywood trash. I've got a million dollars.
3) 71) dialog: I own three blocks downtown. I have oil in Bakersfield -- pumping, pumping, pumping. What's it for but to buy us anything we want.
3) 73) dialog: What's the matter with you?
3) 75) dialog: What right? Do you want me to tell you?
3) 77) dialog: Who? Some car hop, or a dress extra?
3) 79) dialog: (Getting up slowly)
3) 80) text: What you're trying to say is that you don't want me to love you.  Is that it? Gillis doesn't answer.  Norma slaps his face and rushes from the room and upstairs. Gillis stands paralyzed, the slap burning his cheek.
5) 0) text: The doctor's car is parked in the driveway.  A taxi pulls up.  Gillis, in his Vicuna coat now, jumps out, throws a couple of dollars to the rdriver and runs toward the house. C-28a    DOORWAY, NORMA DESMOND HOUSE&gt; Max is opening the door to let out the doctor, a professional looking man carrying a black bag. Gillis runs into the SHOT.
6) 0) text: Only one alabaster lamp lights the big, cold room. On the bed lies Norma in her evening dress.  She is white as a sheet.  Her wrists are bandaged.  Her eyes are wide open, staring at the ceiling.  One of her shoes has halt slipped off her foot.  The other is on.  Gillis opens the door and stands there tor a second.  Then he slowly moves to the toot of the bed. He takes the shoes from her feet and puts them on the floor.
6) 1) dialog: Go away.
6) 3) dialog: To fall in love with you -- that was the idiotic thing.
6) 5) dialog: Great stars have great pride. She puts one bandaged forearm over her eyes, sobbing. Gillis walks slowly over to the mantelpiece, stands there for awhile.
6) 6) dialog: Go away.  Go to that girl of yours.
6) 8) dialog: Why don't you just say thank you and go, go, go --
6) 10) dialog: I'll do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again! Gillis stands looking at her helplessly.
7) 0) text: Gillis still stands.  Norma lies on the bed, arms over her eyes, sobbing.
7) 3) dialog: Happy New Year.  darling. She kisses him.
8) 10) dialog: Wait a minute.  I want you to get out the car.  You're going to take the script over to Paramount and deliver it to Mr. De Mille in person.
8) 14) dialog: This is the right day. She indicates a typewritten letter she is holding. NORMA (Cont'd)
8) 17) dialog: DeMille is Leo.  I'm Scorpio. Mars has been transmitting Jupiter for weeks.  Today is the day of greatest conjuction. Now turn around.  Let me dry you. She puts the towel around his sholders and starts drying him.
8) 19) dialog: I'm not just selling the script. I'm selling me.  DeMille always said I was his greatest star.
8) 21) dialog: So he said it quite a few years ago.  So what?  I never looked better in my life.  Do you know why?  Because I've never been as happy in my life. She kisses him.
9) 3) text: Max is driving.  In the     were going to the house of tonneau sit Norma, in a     one of the waxworks for chinchilla wrap, and        some bridge.  She'd taught Gillis in his tuxedo.       me how to play bridge by Norma is rummaging          then, just as she'd taught through her evening         me some fancy tango steps, bag.  She finds a           and what wine to drink cigarette case, opens       with what fish. it.  It is empty.
9) 4) dialog: That idiot.  He forgot to fill my cigarette case.
9) 7) dialog: They're awful.  They make me cough.
9) 9) text: Pull up at the drugstore, will you, Max. (To Norma)
9) 11) dialog: You're a darling. She takes a dollar bill from her purse and gives it to him.
11) 48) dialog: What on earth, darling? It took you hours.
11) 50) dialog: Where are my cigarettes?
11) 56) text: Start on a tiny                       GILLIS' VOICE parasol being             Whenever she suspected I twirled...Norma           was getting bored, she peeks out from one        would put on a live show side of the parasol,      for me: the Norma Desmond a bandanna tied           Follies.  Her first number around her head with      was always the Mack Sennett a rabbit's-ear bow.       Bathing Beauty. She bats her eyes, winks roguishly. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that Norma's black pyjama trousers are rolled up over her knees and her black stockings rolled down below them.  The whole effect approximates a Mack Sennett bathing costume pretty effectively.  She points at a leather pour.
11) 57) dialog: This is a rock. She climbs on it, pantomimes timidity, an attempted dive, then jumps off. Gillis lolls on a couch, watching the performance, very bored.
11) 58) dialog: I can still see myself in the line: Bebe Daniels, Marie Prevost, Mabel Normand ... Mabel was always stepping on my feet ...What's the matter with you, darling?  Why are you so glum?
11) 61) dialog: (Taking the match)
11) 65) dialog: You know better than to interrupt me.
11) 67) dialog: Who?
11) 69) dialog: (To Gillis)
11) 72) dialog: Certainly it's important.  It's important enough for Mr. deMille to call me personally.  The idea of having an assistant call me!
11) 74) dialog: Say that I'm busy, and hang up.
11) 76) dialog: How do you like that? We've made twelve pictures together. His greatest successes.
11) 78) dialog: I know that trick! He wants to belittle me.  He's trying to get my price down.  I've waited twenty years for this call.  Now Mr. deMille can wait till I'm good and ready.
11) 83) text: Norma is examining her face in the mirror of her vanity.  Max, while driving, sees her in the rear view mirror.
11) 85) dialog: Thank you, Max. With a handkerchief, she corrects it.
11) 92) text: Norma has rolled down the window on her side.  She calls to the old policeman.
11) 93) dialog: Jonesy! Come here, Jonesy!
11) 95) dialog: Fine, Jonesy.  Now open that gate.
11) 101) dialog: Thank you, Jonesy.  And teach your friend some manners.  Tell him without me he wouldn't have any job, because without me there wouldn't be any Paramount Studio. (To Max) Go on.
11) 104) text: Norma Desmond coming in to see Mr. deMille.
11) 107) text: Norma Desmond coming in to see Mr. deMille. The first assistant (CAMERA WITH HIM) hurries to the set.  Sitting with his back toward us is C.B. himself.  He is rehearsing a scene with Hedy Lamarr.
12) 0) text: Norma's limousine drives up.  Max dismounts and opens the door.
12) 1) dialog: (taking Gillis's hand)
12) 4) dialog: Thank you, darling. She presses his hand against her cheek, descends from the car and walks toward -
12) 7) dialog: Hello, Mr. deMille.
12) 9) dialog: Last time I saw you was someplace very gay.  I remember waving to you. I was dancing on a table.
12) 14) dialog: You'd better.  I'm very angry.
12) 16) dialog: That's no excuse.  You read the script, didn't you?
12) 18) dialog: Then you could have picked up the phone yourself instead of leaving it to one of your assistants.
12) 20) dialog: Don't play innocent.  Somebody named Gordon Cole.
12) 22) dialog: And if you hadn't been pretty darned interested in that script, he wouldn't have tried to get me on the phone ten times.
12) 26) text: Meanwhile, Norma starts to sit, sees the name MISS LAMARR on the chair and with a look of distaste changes and sits on the one marked C.B. DE MILLE.    From somewhere comes
12) 31) dialog: Hello. Hog-eye points his light at her.
12) 46) text: Oh.  Well, thank you. He hangs up, walks back towards Norma.  (CAMERA WITH HIM). Norma stills sits in the shaft of light, surrounded by about a dozen people who have come up to pay court. DeMille gestures up to Hog-eye and the light shifts away.  The people about Norma disperse slowly with various ad-libs.
12) 48) text: I got hold of Gordon Cole. Norma hasn't heard a word.
12) 49) dialog: Did you see them? Did you see how they came?
12) 52) dialog: Nothing.  I just didn't realize what it would be like to come back to the old studio.  I had no idea how I'd missed it.
12) 54) dialog: We'll be working again, won't we, Chief? We'll make our greatest picture.
12) 56) dialog: It's a good script, isn't it?
12) 58) dialog: I don't care about the money. I just want to work again.  You don't know what it means to know that you want me.
12) 60) dialog: But remember, darling -- I don't work before ten in the morning, and never after 4:30 in the afternoon. The first assistant comes up.
12) 121) dialog: (embracing him)
12) 128) dialog: It couldn't have gone better. It's practically set.  Of course, he has to finish this picture first, but mine will be his next. There is an exchange of looks between Max and Gillis.
12) 130) dialog: He'a a shrewd old fox.  He can smell box office.  Only I'm going to outfox him a litt1e.  This isn't going to be C. B. deMille's Salome. It's going to be Norma Desmond's Salome, a Norma Desmond Production, starring Norma Desmond...Home, Max.
12) 139) text: E-2     A SHORT MONTAGE of various     that would never t beauty treatments applied to Norma.
12) 143) dialog: Joe darling, are you there?
12) 146) text: Through the slit in the door there is a suggestion of Norma.
12) 147) dialog: Don't turn around.  Keep your eyes on the book.
12) 149) text: Norma pushes the door open and comes in.
12) 150) dialog: I just came to say good night. I don't want you to see me -- I'm not very attractive.
12) 152) dialog: I've lost half a pound since Tuesday.
12) 154) dialog: I was a little worried about the line of my throat.  This woman has done wonders with it.
12) 156) dialog: You'd better get to bed yourself.
12) 158) dialog: You went out last night, didn't you, Joe?
12) 160) dialog: I just happen to know it.  I had a nightmare and I screamed for you.  You weren't here.  Where were you?
12) 162) dialog: No you didn't.  You took the car.
12) 164) dialog: Of course not, Joe.  It's just that I don't want to be left alone. Not now, while I'm under this terrible strain.  My nerves are being torn apart.  All I ask is for you to be a little patient and a little kind.
12) 166) dialog: Of course you haven't.  I wouldn't let you.
12) 168) dialog: Good night, my darling.
12) 245) dialog: You're here, Joe ... When did you come home? Where were you? Is it a woman? I know it's a woman ... Who is she? Oh Joe, why can't I ask you? I must know, I must! Her eyes fall on Gillis' coat, which hangs over a chair.  In a pocket is part of the script.  Norma takes it out, looks at it.  She can't see it in the moonlight.  She hurries with it into:
12) 276) text: He enters and turns on the   a guy as ever lived. light.  He sinks down on     And she was in love with the chaise longue,thinking.  me.  Me ! She was a fool His eyes wander to the       not to sense that there door of Norma's room.        was something phony in Through the gouged-out key-  my set-up.  And I was a hole he sees the light.      heel not to have told her.  But you just can't say those things to somebody you're crazy about.  Maybe I'd never have to.  Maybe I could get away with it, get away from Norma.  Maybe I could wipe the whole nasty mess right out of my life...
12) 277) text: From Norma's room comes the sound of a telephone being dialled.  Gillis enters the shot and stands listening.
12) 280) dialog: Can I speak to Miss Betty Schaefer? She must be home by now.
12) 287) dialog: Miss Schaefer, you must forgive me for calling you so late, but I really feel it's my duty.  It's about Mr. Gillis.  You do know Mr. Gillis? ...Exactly how much do you know about him? Do you know where he lives? Do you know how he lives? Do you know what he lives on?
12) 291) dialog: Miss Schaefer, I'm trying to do you a favor.  I'm trying to spare you a great deal of misery.  Of course you may be too young to even suspect there are men of his sort... NORMA (Cont'd)
12) 292) text: I don't know what he's told you, but he does not live with relatives, nor with friends, in the usual sense of the word.  Ask him ... Ask him again. During the latter part of her call, the doors from Gillis' room have been pushed open and Gillis has walked towards her.  Suddenly Norma senses his pre- sence and turns around.  The telephone freezes in her hand.  She tries to hang it up.  Very calmly Gillis takes the receiver from her hand.
12) 300) dialog: Don't hate me, Joe.  I did it because I need you.  I need you as I never needed you.  Look at me.  Look at my hands, look at my face, look under my eyes.  How can I go back to work if I'm wasting away under this torment? You don't know what I've been through these last weeks.  I got myself a revolver. You don't believe me, but I did, I did! I stood in front of that mirror, only I couldn't make myself.  It wouldn't be NORMA (Cont'd)
13) 5) dialog: (In a whimpering monotone)
13) 7) dialog: What are you going to do, Joe? Without a word, he leaves the room.  Norma raises herself on the bed, reaching for a black negligee lying at the foot of it.  As she does so, she dis- lodges her pillow a little, revealing a revolver hidden beneath it.
13) 48) dialog: Thank you, Joe -- thank you, Joe. She tries to take his hand to kiss it as he passes. He doesn't stop.  Norma catches his coat.  Gillis moves right on into his room.  Norma lies on the floor looking after him.  She crawls toward a con- sole, pulls herself up by it, starts towards Gillis' door, passes a mirror, realizes how she looks, moves back to the mirror and takes the patches off her face and does a hasty job of removing the cream with her handkerchief, readjusts her expression to a poor travesty of a smile and goes to the door of Gillis' room.
13) 49) dialog: May I come in?  I've stopped cry- ing.  I'm all right again.  Joe, tell me you're not cross -- tell me everything is just as it was, Joe. She opens the door.
13) 51) dialog: What are you doing, Joe?  What are you doing?  You're not leaving me?
13) 53) dialog: No, you're not. (Calling)
13) 59) dialog: It's yours, Joe.  I gave it to you.
13) 61) dialog: These are nothing.  You can have anything you want if you'll only stay.  What is it you want -- money?
13) 63) dialog: You can't do this!  Max!  Max! ... I can't face life without you, and I'm not afraid to die, you know.
13) 65) dialog: You think I made that up about the gun... She rushes into her room.  Gillis closes the suitcase calmly, notices that he is still wearing some cuff- links Norma gave him, takes them off. Norma reappears in the door, carrying the revolver.
13) 66) dialog: See, you didn't believe me!.. Now I suppose you don't think I have the courage!
13) 68) dialog: You don't care.  do you?  But hundreds of thousands of people will carel
13) 70) dialog: That's a lie!  They still want me!
13) 72) dialog: What about the studio? What about De Mille?
13) 74) dialog: Wanted what?
13) 76) dialog: That's a lie!  They want me, they want me!  I get letters every day!
13) 78) dialog: That isn't true! Max?
13) 81) dialog: You heard him.  I'm a star!
13) 83) dialog: I'm the greatest star of them all.
13) 85) dialog: No one leaves a star.  That makes one a star.
13) 87) dialog: You're not leaving me!
13) 90) text: There is the SOUND OF A SHOT.  The glass of the front door is shattered.  Gillis at the door opens it and walks out, without looking back. Down the staircase rushes Norma.  a disordered wild- ness in the way she moves.
13) 91) dialog: You're not leaving me!
13) 94) dialog: You're not leaving me!
13) 95) text: She shoots twice in rapid succession.  Gillis drops the typewriter.  The shots have swung him around.  He is now facing Norma.  She shoots him.  This shot hits him in the belly.  He doubles up, instinctively backs away from her, plummets into the lit pool. Up the stone steps from the garage rushes Max. He sees the situation, hurries towards Norma, who stands exultant in the strange light from the pool.
13) 96) dialog: Stars are ageless, aren't they?
13) 103) text: THE CAMERA PANS TO ANOTHER PART OF THE BEDROOM, where Norma sits at a mirror, staring at herself blankly. Firing questions at her are the Captain of the Holmby Hills Division and the L.A.  Homicide Squad.  Max stands by faithfully.
13) 118) dialog: Cameras? ...What is it, Max?
13) 120) dialog: They have?  Thank you, Max.  Tell Mr. DeMille I will be on the set at once. Max flashes a look at the Head of Homicide.
13) 129) text: From the stairway comes a murnur.  They look up. Norma has emerged from the bedroom and comes to the head of the stairs.  There are golden spangles in her hair and in her hand she carries a golden scarf. The police clear a path for her to descend.  Press cameras flash at her every step. Max stands at the cameras.
13) 136) dialog: (From the top of the stairs) What is the scene? Where am I?
13) 138) dialog: Oh, yes, yes.  They're below, waiting for the Princess ... I'm ready.
13) 140) text: Camera! (To Norma)
13) 141) text: Action! Norma arranges the golden             GILLIS' VOICE scarf ebout her and proudy    So they were grinding starts to descend the stair-  after all, those cam- case.  The cameras grind.     eras.  Life, which can Everyone watches in awe.      be strangely merciful, had taken pity on Norma Desmond.  The dream she had clung to so des- perately had enfolded her...
13) 142) text: At the foot of the stairs Norma stops, moved.
13) 143) dialog: I can't go on with the scene. I'm too happy.  Do you mind, Mr. DeMille, if I say a few words? Thank you.  I just want to tell you how happy I am to be back in the studio making a picture again. You don't know how much I've missed all of you.  And I promise you I'll never desert you again, because after "Salome" we'll make another picture, and another and another. You see, this is my life.  It always will be.  There's nothing else - just us and the cameras and those wonderful people out there in the dark...  All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my closeup. FADE OUT.