154) 0) text: Welles comes out BACK DOORS into an sunless alleyway with fire escapes above.  There's a TRASH DUMPSTER, overflowin Rats scatter upon Welles, arrival. Welles looks to make sure he's alone.  He starts tearing open GARBAGE BAGS.  Flies swarm.  One bag's filled with empty food containers and old newspapers. Welles tears open another bag, finds burnt out FLORESCENT LIGHTBULBS, digs out a handful of empty PHOTO PAPER PACKAGES, bottles of DEVELOPING CHEMICALS.  He pulls out few MAGAZINES; Time, Newsweek, etc... The magazines are cut up, falling apart, with pictures chopped out from many pages.  Welles examines ADDRESS LAB "Dino Velvet/D.V. Films 1204 Keller Street New York, NY 10049"
155) 2) text: What do you know about a guy called Dino Velvet?  Dino Velvet Films?
156) 2) text: Dino Velvet... yeah, he's like the John Luc Godard of S+M flicks, supposed to be a real weirdo.
168) 0) text: Thug opens the door and lets Welles and Max in. The office is huge, windowless walls covered in thousands PICTURES from every conceivable source, torn and cut, pin up to form an indecipherable collage.  A tall LADDER lean against one wall, near three TELEVISIONS. DINO VELVET rises behind his desk, a small, bird-like man wearing a black suit and bad hairpiece.
168) 1) dialog: Come in.  Make yourself comfortable. Welles shakes Dino's hand.  Max looks up at the walls. IMAGES; porn pictures, news photos, world leaders, autops photos, armies and insects, the naked and the dead.
168) 3) dialog: What can I do for you today? Welles sits.  Shelves behind Dino's desk are piled high w VIDEO CASSETTES, old MOVIE CAMERAS, big REELS of 16mm FIL VIDEOS and MAGAZINES are stacked everywhere.
168) 5) dialog: Flattering.  And, who's your colorful little chum?
168) 7) dialog: Hmm.
168) 9) dialog: Well, I'm glad you appreciate it. (to Welles)
168) 13) dialog: You said something about money.
168) 16) dialog: Is it?
168) 18) dialog: And they are?
168) 20) dialog: I'll consider it.
168) 22) dialog: Machine.
168) 24) dialog: He might be interested... but it would mean another five thousand.
168) 26) dialog: Well, well, I'll have to put my thinking-cap on about all this. You'll leave the money as a deposit? (off Welles' nod)
168) 28) dialog: You have a beautiful face... the way the light hits it.  I'd like to take your picture.  You don't mind?
168) 30) dialog: What's the problem? 
168) 32) dialog: You trust me to keep your money, but not to take your picture?
170) 1) dialog: (into phone)
170) 5) dialog: (into phone)
171) 1) dialog: (from phone)
171) 5) dialog: Brooklyn.  Don't be late.
176) 0) text: Welles enters slowly, trying to get his eyes to adjust to the darkness.  A vast, empty space looms before him. In the middle of the warehouse, Dino Velvet stands, in a powder blue suit, holding an archery BOW and ARROW.
176) 1) dialog: There you are.  Come join us. There's a wrought IRON BED not far from Dino.  MACHINE is seated on the mattress, a huge man, wearing a leather S+M harness and the same WRESTLING MASK as in the snuff film. Welles gathers his courage, walks towards them. Dino pulls back on the bow, aiming away across the warehouse.  He stands by a TABLE with a QUIVER of ARROWS propped up.  He shoots an arrow toward a large TARGET... Strikes the target dead center, BULL'S-EYE.  As Welles ge closer, he notices several things ...  ... a 16MM CAMERA mounted on a TRIPOD, facing the bed, al with several movie LIGHTS ... several BOWIE KNIFES are laid out on the table, besid a pair of HANDCUFFS... ... Machine is watching him as he approaches... Welles stops, not far from Dino and Machine, but keeping distance.  Dino's still firing arrows at the target. Machine's still staring at Welles.
176) 4) dialog: You brought the money?
176) 7) dialog: Excellent.
176) 9) dialog: They should be here any minute. Welles comes forward slowly, places the envelope on the table, beside Bowie knifes.  He's sweating.
176) 12) dialog: Hmm?  Oh, the knifes?  They're just props.  Nice, aren't they?
176) 14) dialog: Machine and I were just talking about knifes.  The beauty of knifes... Dino pulls arrows from the target.
176) 15) dialog: He was saying how fascinated he is by their simple ability to be sharp. The ability of a piece of metal to be so thin that it is almost nothing... Dino walks back to the table, replaces the arrows in the quiver, cueing another arrow in is bow.
176) 16) dialog: So close to nothingness that it cuts with minimum effort, because it's so non-intrusive.  Flesh is fooled.  It blooms open as the blade widens, but by then it's too late, because the knife's already doing its pure, simple damage. Dino shoots another arrow to the target. A CLATTER attracts Welles attention.  Far across the warehouse, a DELIVERY DOOR rolls upwards.  A CAR with tin windows drives in... The MAN who opened the door, silhouetted in sunlight, sta behind to close the door as the car pulls forward...
176) 17) dialog: Ah, ours guests have arrived. Machine stands.  He is a giant. Welles takes a few steps back, wary, sweating hard now. The car parks across the warehouse, not far from the targ Dino puts another arrow in his bow, pulls it taunt, aims the target... turns, aims the arrow at Welles.
176) 18) dialog: Mister Welles... would you be so kind as to remove any firearms from your person?
176) 20) dialog: Take out your gun! Welles brings his hand towards his holster...
176) 21) dialog: Slowly.  Let me see it. Welles takes out his gun, looks across the warehouse... The SILHOUETTED MAN is walking this way.  Can't tell who is yet.  Machine heads the direction of the parked car.
176) 22) dialog: Empty the gun onto the table, very carefully.
176) 24) dialog: Shut up, cunt!  Do exactly as I say, or I'll put this arrow through your throat. Welles obeys, helpless, dumps the bullets out on the tabl The SILHOUETTED MAN'S getting closer.  It's Eddie Poole.
176) 26) dialog: (to Welles)
176) 28) dialog: (still to Welles)
176) 32) dialog: (to Welles)
176) 36) dialog: Fine idea. Dino comes to sit on the bed beside Welles.
176) 37) dialog: You're going to go get the film you received from Mrs. Christian, bring it here and put it in my hand.  And to save time, so we make this as efficient as possible, there's an incentive... Dino puts his fingers in his mouth, lets out a sharp WHIS Across the warehouse, Machine uses the car keys to open t trunk of the car, pulls SOMEONE out... It's Max, beaten bloody, bound, face swollen, gagged, har conscious.  Machine throws him to the floor.
176) 39) dialog: Friend of yours?
176) 41) dialog: Can you guess what I'm going to say next?
176) 43) dialog: Bring the film, or we kill him. Sorrow and rage rises up in Welles, but there's no choice
176) 45) dialog: How cooperative.  Longdale will keep you company. Dino takes out HANDCUFF KEYS, throws them to Longdale. Longdale approaches Welles carefully, unlocking him.
176) 46) dialog: Don't let Longdale's questionable choice of weapon give you any ideas. If his fey little gun puts enough little holes in you, you'll be just as dead... and so will Max.
176) 48) dialog: (watching them go)
184) 4) dialog: Leave him alone.
184) 9) dialog: First things first.  You might want to watch this, Mr. Welles... Welles looks up through tears... Dino drops the 8MM FILM on the floor, takes a small bottl of lighter fluid from his pocket.  Longdale comes to watc Welles watches helpless, agonizing...
184) 11) dialog: And so it ends.  It's as if she never existed. Welles falls back, gasping, wiping blood and tears and spittle from his face, getting slowly, to his feet.
184) 12) dialog: Don't blame yourself.  You were in way over your head. He looks to Max's corpse, to the smoldering film... Swallowing back his fear, panic and rage...
184) 22) dialog: What's going on, Longdale?  Did this happen?
184) 28) dialog: What were you thinking? Welles watches as Machine, Dino and Eddie back slowly awa from Longdale.  Longdale's gun hand is shaky... Welles tries to drag himself towards the table where his and bullets are, dragging the bed, inch by inch... Longdale back away, trying to angle around the menacing t so he can get to the car...
184) 30) dialog: You're not going anywhere if you fucked us, lawyer.
184) 33) dialog: You betrayed us.
184) 36) dialog: You're not gonna live through this. Welles still tries to get to the table, wrist bleeding in the cuff, bed screeching across the floor... Machine, hands up, slowly reaches behind his shoulder, touches the handle of a huge KNIFE sheathed to his back.
184) 38) dialog: Fuck you! Machine unsheathes the KNIFE and THROWS... THUNK!  The knife imbeds to the hilt in Longdale's chest Longdale's gun FIRES... Dino Velvet flies backwards, shot in the face! Dino hits the ground, screaming, writhing, hands to his face, blood pouring out between his fingers. Longdale falls back onto his ass, sitting there, eyes bug out in surprise.  He looks down at the knife in his chest Machine lets out a SCREAM, runs to Dino... Machine falls to his knees and grips Dino, tries to hold him.  Dino's screaming, squirming frantically... Longdale sits looking down at the knife in his chest, loo up, and gallons of blood pour from his mouth...