129) 0) text: Welles comes out a stairwell DOOR, catching his breath. couple of SECRETARIES wait for the elevator.  Welles move down the hall, around a corner. Each office door has a window of pebbled, translucent gla There's a "Dental Office," "Wilson Travel Cruises," and a the end of the hall, "Celebrity Films Inc., Eddie Poole, Professional Casting and Distribution, Suite 804." Welles heads back the way he came.
133) 0) text: WELLES' P.O.V., THROUGH BINOCULARS: watching the window o Celebrity Films Inc.  We can see most of the office from here.  It's crowded with junk, BOXES, piles of VIDEO TAPE There's a disorganized DESK by the window. Welles sits looking through the binoculars. THROUGH BINOCULARS: a pudgy man, EDDIE POOLE, in a loud, print shirt, comes to sit at the desk, looks through mail He smells sleazy even from here, lots of jewelry, Lots of rings.  He drinks coffee, answers the phone.  He talks in the phone, looking for something on his desk, agitation growing, till he's shouting, then slams the phone down. Welles rises.  He looks to the wall where THREE PHOTOGRAP culled from the snuff film are pinned up; the picture of Mary, the picture of Masked Man's tattooed hand, and... ... the grainy image of the Third Man in the mirror. Welles comes to study this third photo.
134) 0) text: THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie packs VIDEO TAPES into a box, covering them with Styrofoam peanuts, sealing the box.
135) 0) text: THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie finishes a call and hangs up. sits back in his chair.  He starts looking in his desk drawers, finds a MAGAZINE and opens it on the desk.  It's porn.  Eddie turns pages, looking at naked women.  He sit back in his chair, begins unbuckling his belt. Welles pulls back from the binoculars in disgust. 
136) 0) text: THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie's on the phone, pouring himself drink from the liquor bottle on his desk, finishing the call, hanging up.  He shakes his head in disgust, drinks drink, walks out of view.  After a moment, the lights go
137) 0) text: An old, dented CAR makes its way up the tight, twisting roads of the Hollywood Hills.  Eddie's at the wheel.  Not far behind, Welles' rental car follows...
138) 0) text: Welles turns out his headlights, coming around the curve just far enough so the ramshackle house is in view.  Well watches Eddie walk up the stairs to the house.
139) 0) text: THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie has a visitor.  There's a prett GIRL, wearing a tube top, in a chair facing his desk. Eddie's talking, gesticulating, smiling, cajoling. Welles watches through binoculars. THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie's still taking, stands, coming around the desk and placing a hand on the girl's shoulder The girl says something.  Eddie responds.  The woman shak her head, getting up to leave.  Eddie seems to be asking to stay, following as she moves out of view.  Eddie comes back alone, sits at his desk, picks up the phone.
143) 0) text: Welles enters, shuts the door and locks it.  He takes out his penlight.  There are POSTERS for cheap PORN FILMS on wall that we couldn't see through binoculars.  Titles lik "Sex Doctor," "Deep Ass," and "Penal Colony." There a two FILE CABINETS.  Welles pulls a few drawers, finds them locked.  VIDEO CASSETTES are everywhere, on th cabinets, on shelves, piled high on the floor. Welles goes to Eddie's desk, looking in drawers.  One dra is full of X-RATED MAGAZINES.  Another's stuffed with paperwork, call sheets, contracts. Welles picks up Eddie's phone, unscrews the earpiece.  He takes the small, round LISTENING DEVICE from his pocket, peels off backing to expose adhesive.  He attaches the listening device inside the phone, puts it back together. Welles moves towards the door, sweeps the room with the penlight.  He stops at the file cabinets, takes his lock- picking tools out, begins working on one file's lock. He turns the lock, opens a file drawer.  Empty.  He opens another.  Inside: piles of CHILD PORNOGRAPHY. Welles clenches his jaw. Faces of children.  Shirtless boys.  Girls in pigtails.
144) 1) dialog: (through headphones)
144) 2) text: ... half a dozen.  This is good stuff, Jimbo... THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie's at his desk, on the PHONE...
144) 3) dialog: You know how my tapes sell.  People eat this stuff up.
144) 6) dialog: Maybe there's something wrong with the scumbag customers coming into your place, ever think of that?
144) 8) dialog: Look, you cocksucker...
144) 10) dialog: Fuck you! THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie slams down the phone.  He CANNO BE HEARD any longer.  He's cursing, shuffling paperwork. Welles takes off headphones, picks up his cellular phone. He drinks soda, opens the phone, dials, nervous, then loo back through the binoculars.  He waits, clears his throat The PHONE'S RINGING... RINGING... On the floor, the REELS of the tape recorder are TURNING. THROUGH BINOCULARS: Eddie answers the phone...
144) 11) dialog: Celebrity Films.
144) 13) dialog: Yeah, who's this?
144) 15) dialog: What?
144) 17) dialog: Who is this.
144) 19) dialog: What the fuck are you.. ?
144) 25) dialog: (through headphones)
144) 26) text: Dino, it's Eddie... Eddie Poole...
144) 28) dialog: I just got a call... two seconds ago, some motherfucker called... says he knows about the loop.
144) 30) dialog: The loop!  The girl we did, what the fuck do you think I'm talking about?!  This guy calls and says he knows about the fucking loop...
144) 32) dialog: I'm telling you... 
144) 34) dialog: Because somebody just fucking called me and fucking laid it out!
144) 36) dialog: Dino...
144) 40) text: ... and your pals, you're fucked... Hits FAST FORWARD... hits PLAY, watching the TONE DECODER From the RECORDER, the SOUND of EDDIE DIALING a NUMBER on his touch tone phone... and as EACH TONE is HEARD, a corresponding NUMBER appears on the DECODER'S LED readout
176) 25) dialog: Is that him?
176) 29) text: Didn't know what to make of you at first, and you certainly had Eddie on pins and needles.  But, lo and behold, from out of the blue came an old business acquaintance to explain everything... Welles looks across to the car... The sinister lawyer, Longdale, gets out from behind the wheel and hands the keys to Machine, walks this way...
176) 30) dialog: This is the fucker?  Motherfucker, doesn't look like anything... Eddie walks around the bed, studies Welles.  Welles watch him.  Eddie goes to stand behind Welles, rushes forward.. PUNCHES Welles in the side of the head. Welles goes down, clutching his face.
176) 31) dialog: Doesn't look like shit. Eddie pulls Welles to his feet, throws him against the be frisking him from head to toe. Longdale comes to stand beside Dino, nervous, taking out tiny HANDGUN and pointing it at Welles.  Welles looks up, holding his head, afraid, sits on the bed.
176) 47) dialog: Move it, dirtbag... ! Eddie comes to SHOVE Welles.  Welles stumbles to the ground, gets to his feet.  Welles walks, takes one last glance back towards Max.  Longdale follows.
184) 0) text: The door is kicked open.  Welles enters, takes the 8MM FI out and holds it in his hand.  Longdale follows. As Welles moves forward, his face goes slack... Machine is seated on the bed, Eddie and Dino stand smokin cigarettes, and further on, Max is tied to the target, slumped over, three arrows in his chest.  Dead.
184) 3) dialog: You're a dead man.
184) 5) dialog: Fuck off. Eddie PUNCHES Welles in the kidney.  Welles tries to prot himself.  Eddie raises his fist to punch again, but Machi catches Eddie's fist, throws Eddie back...
184) 6) dialog: What the fuck... !
184) 8) dialog: ... sorry...
184) 16) dialog: What's he talking about?
184) 20) dialog: What the fuck's he talking about? Longdale takes out his gun, aims it at Machine, Dino and Eddie, scared...
184) 23) dialog: You sell us short, you fuck?
184) 26) dialog: You fucking lawyer...
184) 32) dialog: You got the guts, tough guy?  Gonna kill us all, is that it?
184) 39) dialog: Fuck. Eddie comes to look down at the Longdale.  Longdale falls back, dead, blood still flowing from his maw. Welles drags the heavy bed, getting closer to the table.. Eddie spins, looks across to see Welles struggling... Dino breaks free from Machine, runs blindly, still holdin his gushing face, falls, tries to get back up... Eddie runs towards Welles. Dino stumbles forwards, writhing, then suddenly lays stil Machine rises, looking at Dino.  Tears come out from Machine's eyes and roll down his mask. One last gasp and shudder from Dino's body; death rattle. Welles pulls the bed, practically pulling his arm from th socket, desperately clawing towards the table... The table is mere feet away... Eddie arrives, KICK Welles in the ribs... Welles recoils.  Eddies KICKS again.  Welles curls into a ball.  Eddie KICKS again...
184) 44) dialog: Do him good. Welles rises suddenly, arm shooting forward, STABBING SCISSORS deep in Machine stomach... Machine ROARS, falling back, pitching forward... Machine's knife clatters to the ground. Eddie's eyes go wide.  Machine hits the floor, clutching his guts. Welles pushes upwards with all he's got left, turns the i bedframe onto its side, flipping the mattress off... Eddie moves forward, furious... Welles grabs Machine's knife, wielding it, holding Eddie
184) 48) text: I swear to Christ I'll shoot you in the back... ! Eddie stops, hands up, about ten feet from his gun... Machine stays on his knees, holding his bleeding stomach. Welles points his gun at Machine.
186) 0) text: Welles climbs in, gets out his keys, starts the car... He pulls away, TIRES SCREECHING.  Behind, Eddie gives cha running, FIRING his gun... Welles ducks as BULLETS SLAM the car, SHATTERING WINDOWS.
187) 0) text: Welles' car picks up speed, takes a turn, BURNING RUBBER. Behind, Eddie curses, runs back to the warehouse.
207) 0) text: Eddie Poole's building.  A typically bright, sunny LA day In the street, Welles parks a rental car, gets out.
210) 0) text: People peer out from other offices, worried.  Welles exit Eddie's office, ignoring them, goes around the corner, straight to the STAIRWELL, heading downstairs...
211) 0) text: Welles rental car parks down the hill.  Welles climbs out walking up the hill, heading for Eddie's ramshackle HOUSE
212) 0) text: Under the stilts of the porch, Welles passes Eddie's car, looks in to see it loaded with BOXES and belongings. Welles moves on to a door at the back of the garage.  He takes out LOCK-PICKING TOOLS.
213) 0) text: Welles enters slow, pockets the tools, takes out his gun. FOLLOW him up the stairs, into a hallway, past a LAUNDRY ROOM with washer and dryer, into a LIVING ROOM... Welles sweeps the room with his gun, wired.  Eddie's hous is predictably a trash heap, strewn with VIDEOS, MAGAZINE dirty DISHES and fast food remnants.  Welles moves on...
214) 0) text: Eddie's throwing clothing into a suitcase, hurried.  Well comes into the doorway, taking aim, edging forward.
215) 0) text: Welles enters the filthy kitchen, carrying Eddie's gun. the sink, Welles pops the gun's clip.  He pushes the bull out into his palm, one by one. He dumps the bullets into the GARBAGE DISPOSAL, drops the clip in, turns it on.  The DISPOSAL makes a terrible GRINDING NOISE, straining, till it finally goes dead.
216) 0) text: Welles goes to the picture window and closes the curtains He turns on a lamp, goes back towards the bedroom.  After moment, he returns, dragging Eddie on the floor... Eddie's bleeding out his nose, hands DUCT-TAPED together behind his back, legs bound at the ankle, dragged by a be around his neck, choking... Welles drops the belt, undoes it from Eddie's neck.  Eddi gasps for air.  Welles pulls him up, puts him on the couc
217) 0) text: Welles goes to Eddie car, tries the door, it's unlocked..
218) 0) text: Welles returns.  Eddie's on the floor, wriggling.  Welles drops the Thomas Guide on the coffee table, picks Eddie u throws him back onto the couch.
218) 1) dialog: I'm gonna kill you.
218) 3) dialog: How'd you find me here? Welles PUNCHES Eddie in the ear.
218) 5) dialog: Fuck you!  Welles PUNCHES Eddie in the same ear.  Eddie's hurting. Welles rubs his aching knuckles.
218) 7) dialog: What do you want?
218) 9) dialog: I don't know...
218) 11) dialog: I told you, I don't know.
218) 13) dialog: What the fuck am I gonna protect that freak for?  He was Dino's boy, not mine.  He shows up with his mask on, leaves with his mask on.  Nobody knows. Welles kicks junk off a chair, sits, takes out his gun.
218) 15) dialog: Yeah, the fucking lawyer.
218) 17) dialog: Yeah.
218) 19) dialog: Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.
218) 21) dialog: It was a lot of fucking money. Welles stands and paces, despairing.  He picks up a LAMP throws it, SHATTERS a MIRROR, keeps pacing...
218) 23) dialog: Something like that.
218) 25) dialog: What the fuck do you want from me?
218) 27) dialog: Fuck you then, you want to know?  I talked her up, told her how beautiful she was, told her she was gonna be a star.  I told her I was gonna get her a screen test, and while I'm doing that, I got her a soda and dropped a mickey.  When it was dark enough, I rang Dino and told him it was go time, I put her in the trunk of my car and we went and we fucking did it.  That's what happened.  She's dead.  She's been dead a long fucking time.  Nobody fucking cares! Welles puts down his gun, picks up the Thomas Guide, hold it in both hands, SWINGS -- SLAMS Eddie across the face.. Eddie's stunned, lips bleeding.  He faces forward.
218) 28) dialog: You wanted to know, now you know. Welles SWINGS the Thomas Guide -- POUNDS Eddie's face aga Welles drops the Thomas Guide in a chair, picks up his gu leaves the room...
220) 0) text: Welles returns, goes to grasp Eddie by the shirt collar, drags him to the floor, face down.  Welles stands on Eddi neck, uses the knife to cut the duct tape on Eddie's hand
220) 1) dialog: That's right, motherfucker, cut me loose.  Be a man. Welles tosses the knife, gun trained on Eddie, picks up t Thomas Guide and throws it at Eddie... 
220) 4) dialog: Why?
226) 0) text: The door is shoved inward, hanging crooked by one hinge. Eddie enters first, hands still bound behind him.  Welles pushes Eddie forward, gun out. Welles turns on his penlight FLASHLIGHT, shining it into room.  There dead leaves all over the floor.  The room's empty except for a CHAIR lying on its side. Welles sweeps the room with the inadequate light.  This i where Mary Anne Mathews died, vaguely recognizable from t snuff film, without the furniture.
226) 1) dialog: What are we doing here? Welles goes to the bathroom door, keeping the gun trained Eddie, pushes the bathroom door open with his foot... The bathroom's cracked MIRROR reflects the penlight and Welles' palely lit face.
226) 3) text: Why?  Why did you watch? Eddie goes to the chair, tips it upright with his foot, s
226) 4) dialog: I don't know.  I felt like it.  I never saw anyone get done before.
226) 6) dialog: Made me sick, but what did I care? What did I care if some hump wants to beat off to that.  It was just something I was doing for money.
226) 8) dialog: What do you want to know?  You saw it, you saw the loop...
226) 10) dialog: There wasn't nobody around.  This place was a shit-hole.  I backed up the car to the door and we carried her in, like groceries.  Dino made her eat a bunch of pills, we laid out the plastic, put film in the camera and Machine went to work.
226) 12) dialog: Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.
227) 0) text: Eddie and Welles come around the corner of the abandoned motel, Eddie leading the way, Welles following with gun a flashlight, into the dense forest...
227) 1) dialog: What are you thinking you're gonna do... ? Welles shoves Eddie ahead.
227) 3) dialog: Where do you think you're taking this, huh?  Gonna be a big hero, avenge that little girl's death? Gonna make everything right with the world?  How you gonna do that... ? 
227) 5) dialog: You can't go to the cops.  All you can do is cut me loose and walk away, because you got nothing...
227) 7) dialog: You got absolute zero.
227) 9) dialog: I don't know... (nods to forest)
227) 12) dialog: I fucking don't know.  What do you think... we weren't burying treasure.  We didn't pace it out so we could come back and get it.  We dug a hole and we put her in it. Your guess is as good as mine. Welles walks ahead of Eddie, distraught, shining his flashlight ahead across the indecipherable forest floor.
227) 13) dialog: You'll never find her.  Nobody ever will, and even if they did, it doesn't mean nothing.  Bring in the cops, bring in the F.B.I., fuck 'em all.  Without the film, it never happened.  Don't you get it?  It's over.  You can't do anything. Welles turns, aims his gun at Eddie, furious.
227) 15) dialog: Do it.
227) 17) dialog: Do it!  Put me out of my misery so I don't have to listen to you whining anymore.  You think it's so easy?
227) 19) dialog: I never killed anyone.
227) 21) dialog: What do you want?  You want me to fall to my knees and start crying like a baby... ? Eddie walks towards Welles.  Welles backs away...
227) 22) dialog: Where you going?  You're the one with the gun.  Aren't I defenseless enough?  Come on... Eddie comes ahead, defiant, the gun inches from his face.
227) 23) dialog: Go ahead and kill me.  Kill me with that gun, your gun, right, registered in your name?  Dig the hole yourself, with your bare hands, bury the body with your bullets in it.  Fucking do it! Welles step forward, presses the gun against Eddie's forehead, pulls back the hammer...  Eddie just stares back at Welles with hatred in his eyes. Welles is terrified, unsure... trying to muster the coura to do it... gun hand trembling... finger on the trigger..
228) 0) text: Eddie's thrown face down to the floor.  Welles comes to s on Eddie's back, facing Eddie's feet, holsters his gun, takes out duct tape and grabs Eddie's feet, wrapping them
228) 1) dialog: You pussy. Welles keeps going around Eddie's ankles with the duct ta till Eddie's securely bound. He rips the tape roll free and gets up, walking out...
228) 2) dialog: Fucking pussy!
230) 0) text: Welles SHOVES the door aside.  The door's hinge breaks an the door falls... Eddie sits propped up against one wall, turns to look... The door SLAMS to the floor. Welles moves forward, enraged, closing on Eddie, raising arm with the gun grasped by the butt... Eddie's eyes go wide with fear... Welles SWINGS the gun down at Eddie's head...
234) 0) text: Welles comes out of the house, goes to open the rear door Eddie's car, looking through BOXES of Eddie's belongings.
235) 0) text: Welles comes up the stairs with a BOX, dumps the contents onto the living room floor: it's CHILD PORNOGRAPHY, Eddie collection from the office, HUNDREDS of PHOTOS...
236) 0) text: Welles pulls open Eddie's cabinets, searching.  He finds POTS and PANS, choosing a few of the largest...
237) 0) text: Welles uses a cut piece of GARDEN HOSE, siphoning GAS out from Eddie's car, filling several kitchen POTS...
239) 0) text: Welles dumps gasoline over Eddie's bed...
241) 0) text: Welles walks down the dark hill, heading to his car.  He gets in, starts the car and drives downhill, leaving the headlights off.  BEHIND, the windows of Eddie's ramshackl HOUSE grow bright as FIRE SPREADS and CURTAINS BURN.