21) 0) text: Welles enters his well kept OFFICE, turns on a light at t desk.  The room is filled with FILE CABINETS and shelves BOOKS, hundreds of PHONE BOOKS and a COPY MACHINE.  Welle picks up the phone and cups the receiver. 
31) 0) text: Welles looks through one file cabinet.  He pulls out a FI It contains all sorts of POLICE ARTIST SKETCHES.  Welles finds one of a TEENAGE GIRL with dark hair, looks at it. Welles positions the sketch on his COPY MACHINE, hits cop
62) 0) text: Welles works the MICROFICHE MACHINE, scrolling through ol issues of the LOCAL NEWSPAPER, finds an ARTICLE headlined "Search Continues for Local Teen." There's a PICTURE of the GIRL, Mary Anne Mathews; the sam picture Welles found in the Missing Person Archive. Welles reads the article, writing on a LEGAL PAD.
73) 0) text: Welles uses a self-serve COPY MACHINE, flattening the DIA on the glass, photocopying the DIARY as quickly as he can
170) 4) text: Machine's in?
176) 3) text: Hello. Machine just stares at him with bloodshot eyes.
176) 29) text: Didn't know what to make of you at first, and you certainly had Eddie on pins and needles.  But, lo and behold, from out of the blue came an old business acquaintance to explain everything... Welles looks across to the car... The sinister lawyer, Longdale, gets out from behind the wheel and hands the keys to Machine, walks this way...
184) 0) text: The door is kicked open.  Welles enters, takes the 8MM FI out and holds it in his hand.  Longdale follows. As Welles moves forward, his face goes slack... Machine is seated on the bed, Eddie and Dino stand smokin cigarettes, and further on, Max is tied to the target, slumped over, three arrows in his chest.  Dead.
184) 40) dialog: 
184) 42) dialog: He's mine! Machine strides over the Longdale's corpse, puts his foot Longdale's chest, yanks out the knife... Machine starts this way... Eddie backs from Welles.  Welles looks up, trying to shak off unconsciousness, sees Machine coming... Welles bows down, on his knees, as if to accept his fate. Reaching his free hand into his suit pocket...
184) 48) text: I swear to Christ I'll shoot you in the back... ! Eddie stops, hands up, about ten feet from his gun... Machine stays on his knees, holding his bleeding stomach. Welles points his gun at Machine.
184) 52) text: Take off the mask. Machine shakes his head.
184) 54) dialog: You got one bullet. Welles looks to see Eddie heading back, keeps the gun on Machine, backs away, dragging the bed frame, looks to the DOOR behind him...
184) 55) dialog: The only choice you have now, is which one of us kills you. Welles backs away, drags the bedframe.  Eddie's getting close.  Welles points the gun at Eddie.  Eddie slows. Welles points the gun at Machine, points the gun at Eddie Welles puts the gun to the chain of his handcuffs, FIRES. breaks the handcuff chain. Welles bolts to the door...
184) 56) dialog: Get the gun! Eddie runs back towards his gun. Machine rises with a grunt of pain, moves towards the doo but agony doubles him back over to his knees.
199) 3) dialog: (from phone)
199) 5) dialog: Nothing like getting home after a rough day.  Home sweet home. Welles moves into the HALL, towards the front door...
199) 6) dialog: Walk away.  Pack your bags, put the wife and kid in the car and find a place to hide.  If you're lucky, you'll never see me again. Welles takes out his gun, opens the front door, looking o The street in front of the house is empty.  CRICKETS CHIR
199) 8) dialog: I know who you are.  I know where you live.  I know everything I need to know to find you. (pause)
199) 9) text: Who am I? MACHINE is HEARD HANGING UP the phone.
248) 0) text: Welles sits smoking a cigarette, watching the quaint hous He looks in his side mirror... There's a large CAR coming down the block with its turn signal on.  Welles slumps a little lower. The car passes, slowing.  The GARAGE DOOR of the quaint house begins to open.  Welles watches... Can't really see the driver of the car except for the bac of his head, but he's huge.  It's a good bet it's Machine Beside him in the passenger seat is a GREY HAIRED OLD WOM The car pulls into the darkness of the quaint house's garage.  After a moment, the OLD WOMAN comes from the garage, walks with a cane, wears glasses.  She goes to th sidewalk, checks her MAILBOX, finds it empty. Welles watches. The old woman goes back to the garage.  She goes inside. The garage door closes behind her.
252) 0) text: Machine, in T-shirt and jeans, seen only from behind, com to a DRESSER and opens a bottom drawer.  His huge hands p clothing aside, digging deep to the bottom of the drawer, taking out the WRESTLING MASK. Machine stands straight, pulling the mask down over his h
255) 0) text: Welles slowly opens the swinging door, entering from the kitchen, sweeping the room with his gun.  No sign of Machine.  The whole house is dead quiet. He passes the dining room TABLE where he watched the old woman eat last night... passes fake PAINTINGS on the wall of waterfalls and sunset mountain landscapes... moves int the living room area... Yellow shag CARPET.  A pink SOFA is covered in clear plastic, facing an old TELEVISION in faux-wooden cabinet. Welles heads for a staircase leading to the second floor. Welles creeps up the stairs...
258) 0) text: Welles crosses, opens the door across the hall, enters... DOWN THE HALL, very slowly, Machine's head rises on the stairs, in the garish wrestling mask, peering.
260) 0) text: Welles turns... Machine charges down the hall, screaming with rage, BOWIE KNIFE raised to kill... Welles brings his gun up, but Machine's upon him, stabbin Welles catches Machine's hand, stops the knife.  Machine grips Welles' gun hand, shoving him back... Welles is SLAMMED against the wall, grappling, gun hand pinned.  Welles GUN GOES OFF, once... twice... BLOWING HOLES in the ceiling.  Machine's grunts, pushing knife forward... closer to Welles, face... closer... Welles struggles, overpowered.  The tip of the horrible knife is inches away... Welles bends his knees, crouching, trying to gain distanc from the blade... Machine pulls Welles gun hand lower, brings it against th swinging LAUNDRY CHUTE DOOR built into the wall, begins twisting Welles' hand back, trying to pry the gun loose.. Welles looks out the corner of his eyes to his gun... Welles turns his gun hand, slowing struggling to aim the towards the knife, but it's awful close to his face... The knife's shaking, less than an inch from Welles' cheek Welles shuts his eyes and turns his head, letting out a C FIRES his gun... The bullet BLASTS Machine's knife, knocks it away! Machine recoils for a millisecond, but brings his now fre hand to Welles' throat, choking him.  Welles' face redden bleeding from bullet fragments... Welles tries to pry Machine's fingers from his throat. Machine works on Welles' gun hand with violent, renewed effort -- SLAMS Welles' hand against the laundry chute... SLAMS it... SLAMS it... till Welles DROPS the GUN... The gun can be HEARD CLATTERING down the chute.  Machine brings his hand to join the other around Welles' throat.  Welles can't break the grip... Welles PUNCHES Machine's face, till blood runs out from t mask's nose hole, but it's having no effect... Welles brings his KNEE UP HARD -- into Machine's stomach! Machine falls to his knees with a ROAR, holds his already wounded stomach, bleeding through his shirt... Welles falls, clutching his throat, gasping.  He struggle to his feet, leaps past, headlong towards the stairs... Machine rises, charging after...
261) 0) text: Welles comes up from the basement, slow, hurting.  He loo around at the damage done, looks down to see he's still holding Machine's mask.  He drops it.