103) 0) text: Welles comes in through the blacked-out door.  This place larger than the last.  TWO CLERKS are behind the counter. One clerk's pricing porn, the other, MAX, 25, reads a por novel.  Max has long hair, colorful tattoos covering his forearms, has a HIGHLIGHTER MARKER in his mouth. Welles browses.  There's a huge video bargain bin.  Walls are covered in videos, sex toys, inflatable women, etc.  CUSTOMERS, again all wary males, follow proper porn-shop etiquette; look at the porn, not your fellow shopper. There are "PEEP SHOW" booths in the back.  A MAN looks around, trying to be nonchalant, sweating profusely, slipping behind one curtain. Welles pretends to read the packaging on a triple-pack of dildos, looks towards the front... Behind the register, Max takes a look to make sure the ot clerk is busy, takes the cap of his Highlighter pen and highlights a section in the book he's reading. Welles notes this.  He goes to the substantial MAGAZINE RACK, picks up a porn tabloid, pages through it.  He sele sex MAGAZINES and NEWSPAPERS, choosing about twenty-five. Welles takes this pile up to Max, gets out his wallet.  M starts ringing everything up.
103) 1) dialog: Big date tonight?
103) 4) dialog: Can I interest you in a battery operated-vagina?
103) 6) dialog: My boss tells me I have to do more suggestive selling.
103) 8) dialog: It's your call, but you're gonna be sorry when you're in one of those everyday situations that call for a battery-operated vagina and you don't have one.
103) 10) dialog: Thank you for shopping at Adult Bookstore.  Have a nice day. Welles takes the bag.  Max returns to his book.  Welles i leaving, but stops at the end of the counter.
103) 12) dialog: Once you pick it up you can't put it down.
103) 14) text: Hard to believe that book's got any parts worth highlighting. Max takes a glance at the other clerk, opens the pages of the book and shows it to Welles.  "Music for Chameleons."
103) 16) dialog: I tear off the cover and paste this one on... (nods towards clerk)
103) 19) dialog: (smiles, shrugs)
103) 20) text: Might get drummed out of the pornographer's union, and then where would I be? Another CUSTOMER clears his throat, waiting at the regist Max turns to help him.  Welles heads out.
107) 0) text: Max is at the register.  A crewcut WOMAN in overalls work behind the counter with him.  Welles approaches.
107) 2) dialog: Came back for that battery-operated vagina, right?  Told you you would. Welles shows his IDENTIFICATION, lets Max get a good look
107) 4) dialog: (of identification)
107) 7) dialog: (to other clerk)
108) 0) text: Welles stands down the sidewalk, smoking.  Max comes out from the porn shop, walks to Welles, looking around.
108) 1) dialog: I don't know what you're looking for, mister, but so we're clear from the start, I'm straight.
108) 4) dialog: Three, four years.
108) 6) dialog: Max.
108) 8) dialog: There's not much illegal.
108) 10) dialog: You're not a cop, are you?  If I ask and you are, you have to tell me.
108) 12) dialog: You're a private eye.  Like Shaft.
108) 14) dialog: From Pennsylvania.  P.I. from PA. What are you doing out here?
108) 16) dialog: How much?
108) 18) dialog: Four hundred a week, off the books.
108) 20) dialog: Sounds good, pops.
108) 23) dialog: Tomorrow night, I get off at eight.
109) 3) dialog: (from phone)
111) 0) text: The only people on the street are HOMELESS and SHADY CHARACTERS.  Welles' car makes its way to a big deserted PARKING LOT.  There are a few cars parked in one corner. Welles parks near the other cars and gets out.  Max stand against a chain link fence.  Welles goes to meet him.
111) 1) dialog: Come on. Max leads the way, across the lot, towards dark alleyways
112) 0) text: Max and Welles move through this filth strewn alley betwe decaying brink buildings.  They cone to a STAIRWELL leadi down to pitch dark...
113) 0) text: Max enters through a crooked door, heads into a narrow, labyrinth hallway lit by bare bulbs.  Welles follows. They come to another STAIRWAY leading down.  At the botto a thick-necked GOON stands guarding double doors. 
113) 2) dialog: Fuck you, Larry. Max heads to the double doors, waits for Welles.
114) 0) text: Max and Welles enter through the double doors, into a kin of small, underground porn flea market.  It's incredibly quiet.  About fifteen CARD TABLES are set up in rows.  Th MEN behind the tables and the thirty or so "CUSTOMERS" looking through the merchandise make those in the previou porn shops look like high society. These are MIDDLE-AGED MEN, most balding, some with pot bellies, in shorts and tube socks, in sweatpants and Memb Only jackets: plain men, but with a look of desperation i their eyes, glancing around nervously, greasy and afraid.
115) 0) text: Not many people in the place.  Welles drinks coffee.  Max eats a huge breakfast.
115) 1) dialog: You've got Penthouse, Playboy, Hustler, etc.  Nobody even considers them pornography anymore.  Then, there's mainstream hardcore.  Triple X.  The difference is penetration. That's hardcore.  That whole industry's up in the valley. Writers, directors, porn stars. They're celebrities, or they think they are.  They pump out 150 videos a week.  A week.  They've even got a porno Academy Awards.  America loves pornography.  Anybody tells you they never use pornography, they're lying.  Somebody's buying those videos.  Somebody's out there spending 900 million dollars a year on phone sex.  Know what else?  It's only gonna get worse.  More and more you'll see perverse hardcore coming into the mainstream, because that's evolution.  Desensitization.  Oh my God, Elvis Presley's wiggling his hips, how offensive!  Nowadays, Mtv's showing girls dancing around in thong bikinis with their asses hanging out.  Know what I mean?  For the porn-addict, big tits aren't big enough after a while.  They have to be the biggest tits ever.  Some porn chicks are putting in breast implants bigger than your head, literally.  Soon, Playboy is gonna be Penthouse, Penthouse'll be Hustler, Hustler'll be hardcore, and hardcore films'll be medical films. People'll be jerking off to women laying around with open wounds. There's nowhere else for it to go.
115) 3) dialog: What you saw tonight, we're not talking about a video some dentist takes home over the weekend.  We're talking about stuff where people get hurt.  Specialty product. 
115) 5) dialog: There's two kinds of specialty product; legal and illegal.  Foot fetish, shit films, watersports, bondage, spanking, fisting, she- males, hemaphrodites... it's beyond hardcore, but legal.  This is the kind of hardcore where one guy's going to look at it and throw up, another guy looks at it and falls in love.  Now, with some of the S+M and bondage films, they straddle the line.  How are you supposed to tell if the person tied up with the ball gag in their mouth is a consenting or not?  Step over that line, you're into kiddie porn.  Rape films, but there aren't many.  I've never seen one.
115) 7) dialog: I heard you asking.  That guy wasn't yanking you around.  There's no such thing.
115) 9) dialog: First of all, basement sales like tonight aren't gonna last much longer.  It's too risky, one, and two, everything's going on the internet.  Anyone with a computer and enough patience can find anything he wants.  It's heaven for those degenerate chicken-hawks. They're swapping pictures back and forth as fast as their modems can zap 'em.  But, there's still some weird shit under the counter where I work sometimes.  No one knows where it comes from.  That's local underground, where information spreads by word of mouth.  Those are zombies, hardcore junkies.  Their hands are permanently pruned.  They go out in the sun they don't burn, they blister.  Other than that, all I know about is the mail. Classified ads in the paper with hidden codes.  Secret couriers. Credit card orders to dummy corporations.  Interstate wire transfers.  Revolving P.O. boxes. But, if you're asking me who do you go to to get illegal shit... who knows?  That's the whole point -- the seller stays as far away from the buyer as possible, and vice versa, and cops can't trace the deal.  There's ways to do it so nobody knows who anybody is. Welles watches Max eat.
115) 11) dialog: Twenty-five.
115) 13) dialog: I don't know, where are yours?
115) 15) dialog: I'm not mixed up in anything, hayseed.  What are you talking about?
115) 17) dialog: Yeah, I'm a real genius.  What choices have I got?  Fuck, just because I know about stuff like tonight doesn't mean I deal it.  I work a job.  It beats pumping gas, beats making hamburgers.
115) 19) dialog: You can't sit there all day watching the parade of losers that comes into that place without going numb.  So what?  Am I gonna go off and be a race car driver?  Go to Harvard?  Run for President?  What about you, pops?
115) 21) dialog: I see a ring on your finger.  You have any kids?
115) 23) dialog: So, you have a wife and kid waiting for you in Pennsylvania... what are you doing mixed up in all this?
116) 0) text: Max and Welles comes out to the sidewalk, talking.
156) 0) text: Max is on the phone by the register, ringing purchases.
156) 1) dialog: (into phone)
156) 5) dialog: (into phone)
156) 8) dialog: You're learning.
156) 10) dialog: Out of the back of bondage magazines mostly, but you can find it on the street if you look.  He'll also do commissions, for enough money...
157) 1) dialog: (from phone)
157) 5) dialog: He cuts all kinds of other stuff into his movies; photographs, newsreel footage, subliminal images. Thinks he's making art.
157) 7) dialog: I'm a working stiff, pops.
157) 9) dialog: You want me to come out there and play private eye?
157) 11) dialog: See ya. Welles hangs up, starts feeding quarters into the phone.
160) 0) text: A TAXI pulls over in front of this flea-bag motel.  Max g out with a SUITCASE, looks at the dubious accommodations.
161) 0) text: Max enters with Welles, turns on a light and throws his suitcase on the bed.  The room is disgusting.
161) 1) dialog: You didn't say it was gonna be this luxurious.
161) 3) dialog: Great. Max looks in the bathroom.
161) 4) dialog: Oh, come on, man, what are we doing in this flea bag?
161) 6) dialog: Dino Velvet.
162) 0) text: Welles is lit by the flicker from the TELEVISION SCREEN. SEE NOTHING.  We HEAR the rhythmic MUFFLED MOANS of a WOM from the TV, can't tell if it's pleasure or pain. Max is asleep in the bed, PIZZA BOX near his feet. Welles drinks beer, gets up and ejects the CASSETTE from VCR, tosses it aside, tired.  He picks another Dino Velve TAPE, puts it in, sits. ON TV: GOTHIC ROCK is HEARD over old, scratchy IMAGES: of Klansmen around a burning cross... Dracula menacing a sleeping woman... a man in a Devil costume dancing... Welles opens another beer. ON TV: a WOMAN is tied up, arms in the air, hanging from ceiling, gagged and blindfolded, in a dungeon lit by candelabras.  Then, glimpsed IMAGES: worms writhing in slime... gargoyles... a guillotine falling.  Then, the bo woman, struggling.  A MASKED MAN in a leather jacket ente He wears a LEATHER MASK with zipper eyes and mouth... This focuses Welles' attention. ON TV: the Masked Man circles the captured woman...
162) 2) dialog: Wha... ?
162) 4) text: Who is this, in the mask?  Who is he? Max tries to see, eyes barely open.
162) 5) dialog: He's one of the lunatics Dino uses. He's in a bunch of these. Welles watches.  On the TV, Masked Man takes off his jack shirtless, reveals an impossibly muscled body.  Huge arms thick chest, oiled, dotted in pimples. 
162) 6) dialog: Why?  He have something to do with whatever you're into? Still watching the behemoth on TV, Welles is less sure. ON TV: the bulging Masked Man flexes, ripped.
162) 9) dialog: I told you, he's one of Dino Velvet's stock players...
162) 11) dialog: Nobody knows his name.  That's his thing.  He always wears a mask.  You never see his face.  He calls himself "Machine," that's what they call him.  Machine.  Welles hits PLAY.  On TV, Masked Man runs his hands up an down the woman's body.  The woman's eyes are filled with fear.  Welles sits, unnerved, watching.
162) 12) dialog: They say he's half brain-dead from all the steroids he's using. Max rolls over, trying to get back to sleep.
162) 13) dialog: He's a brutal motherfucker, man.  He loves what he does for a living. 
165) 0) text: Max is in the passenger seat.  Welles looks to 1204.
165) 2) dialog: What kind of Junior P.I. would I be if I didn't go with you?
166) 0) text: Welles and Max get off the elevator, moving down the grey hall, to the black doors.  Welles pushes the INTERCOM BUTTON.  After a moment, the INTERCOM CRACKLES...
167) 0) text: The doors BUZZ and Welles and Max warily enter this large dark, converted warehouse.  Square pillars shoot from flo to ceiling.  Shafts of light cut down from high windows. A large THUG in a pinstripe suit crosses from a far DESK.
167) 7) text: Show them in, Milo. Welles and Max look up.  There are SPEAKERS mounted high on the pillars, and SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS looking down.
168) 0) text: Thug opens the door and lets Welles and Max in. The office is huge, windowless walls covered in thousands PICTURES from every conceivable source, torn and cut, pin up to form an indecipherable collage.  A tall LADDER lean against one wall, near three TELEVISIONS. DINO VELVET rises behind his desk, a small, bird-like man wearing a black suit and bad hairpiece.
168) 8) dialog: You're the only one still shooting film and transferring it to video. Nobody appreciates that kind of integrity anymore... the grain, the gritty look you get.
168) 10) text: What would you say is your favorite piece? Welles considers.  Max glances over, looks back to the wa
168) 11) dialog: I know if I had to pick, it'd be "Choke," or "Devil."
168) 34) text: Thank you for your time.  I hope we can do business. Welles leaves.  Max goes with him.  Dino watches them lea
172) 0) text: HORNS and TRAFFIC are HEARD.  Max and Welles sit in lawn chairs at the tiny pool.  Welles smokes.  Max drinks beer They watch an ELDERLY WOMAN in a one piece bathing suit climb from the pool and walk to the diving board, diving
172) 1) dialog: What's next?
172) 3) dialog: Still don't want to tell me what you're doing?
172) 6) dialog: What's this?
172) 8) dialog: Look... that's awful generous and everything...
184) 0) text: The door is kicked open.  Welles enters, takes the 8MM FI out and holds it in his hand.  Longdale follows. As Welles moves forward, his face goes slack... Machine is seated on the bed, Eddie and Dino stand smokin cigarettes, and further on, Max is tied to the target, slumped over, three arrows in his chest.  Dead.