2) 0) text: Taylor sacks Montana for a big loss. THREE FANS leap up, in their seats. All in their late 30' MIKE O'BRIEN, an ursine Public Defender with fiery eyes; ALAN LOWENTHAL, a meticulous, conservative psychiatrist; in between them: ISAAC BARR, another psychiatrist, somewhat less meticulou and conservative. Through the din, Isaac realizes that his beeper is BEEPIN
20) 0) text: Isaac and Alan Lowenthal -- the reserved psychiatrist we earlier, at the stadium -- have just entered the checkpoi
20) 3) dialog: cut it out. You’re making me nervous. The Gatekeeper BUZZES them in. cuT TO:
23) 0) text: Isaac and Alan munch hero sandwiches as they move along t corridor, crowded with crying kids, shouting patients, co drifting here and there ...
23) 1) dialog: This new referral is so dull ... Yesterday, during the session, I actually started to fall asleep.
23) 3) dialog: But what do you say at the end of a droning monologue you haven’t heard? 29.
23) 6) dialog: Ah. Carnation. "Carnal". TI like it.
24) 0) text: Cramped, crowded with files, made (barely) habitable only the window that faces onto a rooftop exercise area. Alan shuts the door tight. Sits opposite Isaac.
24) 1) dialog: You didn’t sleep with her ..? ISAAC . Look, if you never want to have lunch with me again, I understand.
24) 2) dialog: No, don’t stop. I’d love to see you hanged by your civil libertarian pals.
24) 7) dialog: If your patient finds out -~- which seems likely -- then all the trust you’ve built goes down the dumper. If she doesn’t find out, it’s because you're lying to her, which means the analysis can’t continue. Anyway you know as well as I do that romantic love is a projection. You don’t see this woman ~~ you see your vision of her. You’re in a delusional state, Isaac ... No human being is so beautiful, so special that she, uh ... that she -- Alan is looking past Isaac. His mouth is slightly
24) 9) dialog: C-can I help you? 30. agape. visiting Heather touches Isaac’s shoulder. Alan dies a little.
24) 12) dialog: Pleased to meet you. (offers his seat) Please ... Sit down.
24) 14) dialog: Don’t be.
24) 16) dialog: That I’m late for rounds. Nice to meet you, Ms. Evans.
25) 0) text: Bantar Man is being restrained by Four C.0.‘s as a fifth him for a straitjacket. Another C.O. kneels nearby, with smashed, bloody nose. Alan has just injected Bantar Man with a heavy sedative a Isaac belatedly arrives, still straightening his clothing He guiltily takes in the scene.
25) 2) dialog: -- Dr. Barr was giving an important injection. The two doctors trade looks. cuT TO:
44) 0) text: A large, loud, unruly MOB moves up the concrete ramp towa the arena. Among them we FIND Alan, O’Brien and Isaac. Petitioning the conservative shrink:
44) 4) dialog: I don’t know, Isaac ... If I’m anything, I’m a prosecution man ... 63.
44) 7) dialog: I’m not stupid. I know why you’re determined to suck me into this. O’Brien turns to Isaac. The soul of innocence.
44) 9) dialog: Several years ago I published a study in the Archives of General Psychiatry. You want me to believe Isaac didn’t mention that to you? As they find their entrance, and move toward their seats:
50) 0) text: Alan is on the stand. He appears stiff, nervous. O’Brien stands before him, coaxing: O’BRIEN What quantity of alcohol must be consumed to produce a severe psychotic reaction in a person suffering from pathological intoxication?
50) 1) dialog: (timid) In, ah, my experience ... only a very small amount of alcohol is needed to produce a severe psychotic reaction.
50) 4) dialog: Based on my experience I/d say that’s «.- ah, correct. O’BRIEN Thank you, Doctor. Your witness. Brakhage rises. Confidently ambles to the witness stand.
50) 6) dialog: During my fellowship training at the Columbia Psychiatric Institute, I had the opportunity to conduct a study of pathological intoxication. My findings were published in The Archives of General Psychiatry. In all, there were thirty-seven patients involved. A loud BUZZ in the courtroom.
50) 10) dialog: (rattled, blurts) Dear god, no.
50) 17) dialog: Oh. Yes.
50) 18) dialog: Didn’t another break her son’s arm?
50) 19) dialog: (catching on) Yes! O’BRIEN Didn’t --
50) 20) dialog: And one of ‘em threw himself in front of a subway train! Lost a leg! He turns to the jury. Brightly:
50) 21) dialog: It’s all there, in my paper!
63) 0) text: TRACK with Isaac as he crosses the crowded room, to join: Alan and O’Brien, washing down curries with Taj Mahal bee O’BRIEN Look who’s here: The prophet Ezekiel. Isaac sits. He looks pensive.
63) 1) dialog: Congratulations. That was perhaps the most bizarre valedictory since Nixon’s farewell to his White House staff. Isaac pours himself a beer, takes several big gulps. But hasn‘’t spoken yet, or cracked a smile. O’Brien turns to Alan. O’BRIEN You know what the problem is -- this dude doesn’t trust happiness. Don’t you witchdoctors have a name for it?
63) 2) dialog: Anhedonia. (studies Isaac) Actually, I think what we're seeing is a crisis of commitment. Typically, in a love triangle, when the third party is vanquished, the lovers develop a -~ 83.
63) 6) dialog: (surprised) You mean, reporting bogus symptoms, dreams, etc? We’ve all had patients like that. Q/Brien listens intently, as:
63) 8) dialog: You dig beneath the phony pathology to get to the real pathology. There’s always something there to stir up. He and O’Brien watch, curious, as Isaac ponders. And then abruptly rises.
64) 4) dialog: Oh shit. Oh shit! I knew it! In my gut -- oh God --!
64) 9) dialog: (terrified, babbles) You dragged us into this -- you gotta fix it, Isaac -- O’Brien glares at Alan again. When he turns back, Isaac h sped into a full-out sprint, leaving his friends behind . cuT TO: