18) 0) text: which is the size of a normal bedroom -- mirrored walls, sinks and w.c.’s, shower, tub, and five-foot diameter sun Jacuzzi in the middle, always filled with hot bubbling wa An alcove houses an exercise area with Lifecycle, dumbbel treadmill, etc. Luxuriating in the Jacuzzi is JIMMY EVANS, swarthy, with thick, taunting features. For a man of 40, he’s in fine shape -- and with all this equipment, why not? He lazily eyes Heather. In a sleepy, deep, insinuating to
18) 1) dialog: Heather. Honey. Man, I’ve missed you.
18) 3) dialog: I been soaking awhile ... all evening, actually, and I’m still unwinding.
18) 5) dialog: I gotta haul my ass out of this tub. We’re meeting Nick Pappas at Nell’s. Heather nods. Jimmy nods at Heather, nodding. Then --
18) 6) dialog: You knew that, right? That we had a social obligation?
18) 8) dialog: Where, from Eve Arden to Bendel’s to where?
18) 10) dialog: You're tired.
18) 12) dialog: I heard you. Now do it.
18) 14) dialog: Do it, Heather.
18) 16) dialog: Do it. Heather hopelessly stares at him. Then strips off her sui coat. Tosses it. Undoes her blouse ...
18) 18) dialog: Slower. 18. His voice is slightly choked, with lust.
18) 19) dialog: Don’t ever tell anybody what we do. And then he suddenly stands, in the Jacuzzi, the water whooshing off him ~- this great dark hairy figure, emergi like a sea monster from the depths. He steps out of the t
18) 21) dialog: Looming. Omnipotent. He stares down at his wife. When he speaks, he sounds truly moved.
18) 22) dialog: You are magnificent. curt To:
27) 0) text: Jimmy and Heather, looking splendid but stiff, share a ta in one of the formal uhpolstered dining rooms upstairs. H washing down sauteed sweetbreads with a wine that he refreshes from a carafe. She’s picking at pelerines a la Meridionale, and sipping ice water. A CLATTERING of silverware in lieu of conversation. Final
27) 1) dialog: Know what I love about Lutece? Heather reluctantly raises her eyebrows: what? 34.
27) 2) dialog: You take away the prices and all the polite bullshit and it’s peasant food. Mountain food. My kind of food. Heather manages a halfhearted murmur.
27) 3) dialog: Plus which we're not gonna run into any of my, ah ... grease-a-ball business-a buddies, y’know what I’m saying? Another murmur from across the table.
27) 4) dialog: They’re in pig heaven in their pasta palaces with the velvet walls and the wine steward fresh off the boat. What do those gorillas know from Alsation cuisine ..? (beat) Where is Alsatia, anyway?
27) 6) dialog: Al’s ass? Who’s Al? Some stud you’re seeing on the side? Mortified, Heather glances at the neighboring Diners.
27) 7) dialog: What do you care if they heard? Do you think their shit don’t stink?
27) 9) dialog: And you need that. "Crude." "Rough". You pretend that you don’t but you do. Heather looks down. She is mun.
27) 10) dialog: To get off. (cold, quiet) Don’t you? Heather looks up.
27) 12) dialog: You'd like some wine with dinner. He lifts his glass, as though to hand it to her. But he holds it tantalizingly out of reach.
27) 13) dialog: Or don’t you remember the last time? You got way out of hand.
27) 15) dialog: Wild.
27) 17) dialog: It’s more than once.
27) 19) dialog: Two months I’m holding this reservation and you pick tonight to grow a wild hair up your ass. Again Heather flicks her eyes to the nearby tables.
27) 20) dialog: They’re not gonna help you. You need help, you pray. You pray to me.
27) 22) dialog: You pray. "Our father ..."
27) 24) dialog: One sip. 36. Heather takes a gulp. Then passes the glass back to hin. Jimmy is happy now. As he polishes off his sweetbreads:
27) 25) dialog: You believe I’m eating this? Me, who used to be a vegetarian. And here I am chewing on a pancreas. A pancreas is a giand, f’r godsakes ... During this speech, Heather has gone from listlessly fork her scallops to furiously attacking them.
27) 26) dialog: (alarmed) Heather -~-? Seemingly oblivious, Heather stabs at her scallops with s force, the sauce splatters off the plate. Several Diners in the immediate vicinity trade concerned looks with Jimmy, who’s now leaning across the table.
27) 27) dialog: Heather --! Apparently brought back to her senses, Heather abruptly s down her silverware. Then, softly:
27) 30) text: At the staircase just beyond the dining room stands Heath Wild-eyed, mouth twisted, finger pointed at Jimmy. Her screeches sound not at all like her natural voice: it’s a though Heather were demonically possessed. 37.
28) 0) text: Heather, sweaty and bruised, is laid out on an examining table. Jimmy anxiously watches as the attending NURSE completes the injection, swabs Heather’s shoulder, then c the damp hair out of her face.
28) 2) dialog: Why? We only get one visit?
29) 3) dialog: If I knew so little could make her go flippy ... In Lutece, talk about humiliating -~
31) 0) text: Heather is half-sprawled, head lolling. Jimmy studies her face -- relaxed, even beautiful, despite the bruise.
31) 1) dialog: (soft, mournful) You're damaged goods. He reaches out and gently arranges her hair just so, as o would do for a small child.
31) 2) dialog: But you’re also my wife. He suddenly seizes Heather and desperately clutches her l form to him.
31) 3) dialog: But if you ever embarrass me like that again I’1ll fucking kill you.
34) 5) dialog: happens to turn, as he sways -- and catches Isaac’s glanc
34) 8) dialog: Were you just giving me a look? Heather is stunned. She quickly recovers, tugging his arm 51.
34) 10) dialog: Was that a look you were giving me? Heather’s eyes flick to Isaac, pleading with him to back
35) 0) text: Isaac douses his face and tries to sober up. Now he raise his face, to dry it -- -~ and there’s Jimmy reflected in the mirror. Isaac whirl
35) 1) dialog: You little pricks over at Justice either hand down an indictment or stay off my ass. Remember: Shit flies two ways.
35) 3) dialog: I’m memorizing your cute puss. ‘Cause if I catch you even glancing at me again, I‘ll pry out both your fucking eyeballs. Isaac stands his ground.
41) 0) text: It is Jimmy on the treadmill, in running shoes and shorts hirsute, pouring sweat, feet POUNDING. An almost fascisti picture of power in motion. 58. Heather stands in the doorframe, watching the spectacle. instantly senses her presence. Without looking at her:
41) 1) dialog: We're meeting Joe Giannatasio at Tre Scalini, at eight. A smile of contempt crosses her lips.
41) 3) dialog: Two weeks I’m holding reservations. Heather’s response is to take another sip of Nyquil. Jimmy shuts off the treadmill.
41) 4) dialog: C'mon. Go to your room. Make yourself gorgeous.
41) 6) dialog: You're sick? Now tell me something I don’t know. On "don’t", he swats the Nyquil out of her hand. The bott goes flying, shatters against the mirrored wall, cracking
41) 7) dialog: Shit. You’re paying for that -- A cruel glint in his eye. He brings the towel to his face
41) 8) dialog: Take off your clothes. Get down on your knees. He vigorously dries the sweat from his forehead and -- ~- Heather reaches for the nearest dumbbell. Grips it wit both hands and swings it at his temple! It connects with a hideous CRACK, the impact sending Jimm over the side of the Jacuzzi, into the bubbling water. 59. All we see are his feet, bobbing ... and the towel still covering his face, like a shroud. A stain spreads on it, then the towel floats away, revealing eyes open in surpri turning the water a sick fizzy pink ~- and Heather SCREAM FADE OUT. As the SCREAMS subside, we FADE UP ON: