2) 0) text: A smoky cocktail bar in downtown Detroit. CLARENCE WORLEY, a young hipster, hepcat, is trying to pick up on an older lady named LUCY. She isn't bothered by him, in fact, she's a little charmed. But, you can tell that she isn't going to leave her barstool.
2) 1) dialog: In Jailhouse Rock, he's everything rockabilly's about. I mean, he is rockabilly: mean, surly, nasty, rude. In that movie he couldn't give a fuck about anything except rockin' and rollin', livin' fast, dyin' young, and leaving a good lookin' corpse. (MORE )
2) 4) dialog: Really?
2) 6) dialog: I don't blame you. (they laugh) So, we'd both fuck Elvis. It's nice to meet people with common interests, isn't it? Lucy laughs.
2) 7) dialog: Well, enough about the king, how ‘bout you?
2) 9) dialog: How ‘bout you go to the movies with me tonight?
2) 11) dialog: A Sonny Chiba triple feature. The Streetfighter, Return of the Streetfighter, and Sister Streetfighter.
2) 13) dialog: He is, bar none, the greatest actor working in martial arts movies ever.
2) 15) dialog: (holding up three fingers) Three Kung Fu movies. Lucy takes a drag from her cigarette.
3) 44) text: Sonny Chiba, as "Streetfighter" Terry Surki, dives into a group of guys, fists and feet flying and whips ass on the silver screen. Clarence sits, legs over the back of the chair in front o him, nibbling on popcorn, eyes big as saucers, and a big smile on his face.
6) 0) text: It's still assholes and elbows on the screen with Sonny Chiba taking on all comers. Alabama walks through the doors with her bounty of food. She makes a quick scan of the theater. Not many people are there. She makes a bee-line for the front which just so happens to be Clarence's area of choice. She picks the row of seats just behind Clarence and starts making her way down it. 9. Clarence turns and sees this beautiful girl all alone moving towards him. He turns his attention back to the screen, trying not to be so obvious. When Alabama gets right behind Clarence, her foot thunks a discarded wine bottle, causing her to trip and spill her popcorn all over Clarence.
6) 2) dialog: Yeah, I'm fine. It didn't hurt.
6) 4) dialog: (picking popcorn out of his hair) It's okay. Don't worry about it. Accidents happen.
6) 7) dialog: Not at all. Okay, this guy here, he's Sonny Chiba.
6) 9) dialog: The Oriental in black. He's an assassin. (MORE )
6) 11) dialog: Now, at the beginning he was hired to kill this guy the cops had. So he got himself arrested. They take him into the police station. And he starts kickin' all the cops asses. Now, while keeping them at bay, he finds the guy he was supposed to kill. Does a number on him. Kicks the cops' asses some more. Kicks the bars out of the window. And jumps out into a get away car that was waiting for him.
6) 13) dialog: Thanks a lot.
6) 15) dialog: He ain't so much a good guy as he is just a bad motherfucker. Sonny don't be bullshittin'. He fucks dudes up for life. Hold on, a fight scene's comin' up. They both watch, eyes wide, as Sonny Chiba kicks ass.
6) 19) dialog: Does Sonny kick ass or does Sonny kick ass?
6) 21) dialog: You shouldda saw the first original uncut version of The Streetfigher. It was the only movie up to that time rated X for violence. But we just saw the R. She shows 11.
6) 23) dialog: My name is Clarence, and what is yours?
6) 25) dialog: Is that your real name? Really?
6) 27) dialog: Well, cut my legs off and call me shorty. There's a pretty original moniker there, Alabama. Sounds like a Pam Grier movie. (announcer voice) She's a sixteen calibre kitten, equally equiped for killin' an lovin'. She carried a sawed-off shotgun in her purse, a black belt around her waist, and the white hot fire of hate in her eyes. Pam Grier is Alabama Whitman. Pray for Forgiveness. Rated R... for Ruthless Revenge.
7) 0) text: Clarence and Alabama are outside the theatre. With the marquee lit up in the b.g. they both perform unskilled martial arts moves. Clarence and Alabama break up laughing.
7) 1) dialog: Where's your car? I'll walk you to it.
7) 3) dialog: You took a cab to see three Kung Fu movies?
7) 5) dialog: Nothing. It's just you're a girl after my own heart.
7) 7) dialog: ‘Bout twelve.
7) 9) dialog: No. Not particularly. (pause) How come?
7) 11) dialog: I love to get pie after a movie.
7) 13) dialog: I'd love some pie.
8) 0) text: Clarence and Alabama are sitting in a booth at an all night Denny's. It's about 12:30 AM. Clarence is having a piece of chocolate cream pie and a Coke. Alabama's nibbling on a piece of heated apple pie and sipping a large Tab.
8) 1) dialog: Well, enough about the king. How about you?
8) 3) dialog: Tell me about yourself.
8) 5) dialog: C'mon. What're ya tryin’ to be? The phantom lady?
8) 7) dialog: Well, for starters, what do you do? Where're ya from? What's your favorite color? Who's your favorite movie star? What kinda music do you like? What are your turn-ons and turn-offs? Do you have a fella? What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone? And, in a theatre full of empty seats, why did you sit by me? Alabama takes a bite of pie, puts down her fork, and looks at Clarence.
8) 9) dialog: What do you do?
8) 11) dialog: Where are you from?
8) 13) dialog: What's you favorite color?
8) 15) dialog: Who's you favorite movie star?
8) 17) dialog: Would you like a bite of my pie?
8) 19) dialog: Like it?
8) 21) dialog: What kinda music do you like?
8) 23) dialog: What are your turn-ons?
8) 25) dialog: Turn-offs?
8) 27) dialog: Do you have a fellah? at Clarence and smiles.
8) 29) dialog: What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone?
8) 33) dialog: And in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me?
9) 0) text: It's about 1:30 AM. Clarence has taken Alabama to where he works. It's a comic book store called "Heros For Sale. Alabama thinks this place is super cool.
9) 2) dialog: Yeah, I got the key, so I come here at night, hang out, read comic books, play music.
9) 4) dialog: Almost four years.
9) 6) dialog: I'm hip. But you know, I'm comfortable here. It's easy work. I know what I'm doing. Everybody who works here is my buddy. I'm friendly with most of the customers. I just hang around and talk about comic books all day.
9) 8) dialog: That's where the trouble comes into paradise. But the boss lets you borrow money if you need it. Wanna see what Spiderman number one looks like?
9) 10) dialog: Four hundred bucks.
9) 12) dialog: Well, we see other things too. Cool stuff. Man From U.N.C.L.E. lunch boxes. Green Hornet board games. Shit like that. But comic books are our main business. There's a lot of collectors around here. She holds up a little G.I. Joe-size action figure of a black policeman.
9) 14) dialog: That's a Rookies doll. George Stanford Brown. We gotta lotta dolls. They're real cool. (MORE )
9) 16) dialog: Did you know they came out with dolls for all the actors in The Black Hole? I always found it funny that somewhere there's a kid playin' with a little figure of Ernest Borgnine. He pulls out a plastic-encased Spiderman comic from the box.
9) 17) dialog: Spiderman, number one. The one that started it all. Clarence shows the comic book to Alabama.
9) 19) dialog: He was just born, remember? This is the first one. You know that guy, Dr. Gene Scott? He said that the story of Spiderman is the story of Christ, just disguised. Well, I thought about that even before I heard him say it. Hold on, let me show you my favorite comic book cover of all time. (pulls out another comic) Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandoes. One of the coolest series known to man. They're completely worthless. You can get number one for about four bucks. But that's one of the cool things about them, they're so cheap. (opens one up) Just look at that artwork, will ya. Great stories. Great characters. Look at this one. We see the Sgt. Fury panels.
9) 20) dialog: Nick's gotten a ring for his sweetheart and he wears it around his neck on a chain. Okay, later in the story he gets into a fight with a Nazi bastard on a ship. He knocks the guy overboard, but the kraut grabs a hold of his chain and the ring goes overboard too. So, Nick dives into the ocean to get it. Isn't that cool? 18. She's looking into Clarence's eyes. He turns and meets her gaze.
9) 21) dialog: Alabama, I'd like you to have this. Clarence hands her the Sgt. Fury and His Howling Commadoe comic book, he loves so much.
10) 0) text: Clarence and Alabama make love in his bed. However, while they're not missing a beat during intercourse, Clarence can't shut up. The following dialogue sounds exactly like what it is, a man and woman in the throes of passion trying to carry on a conversation.
10) 1) dialog: You know when you sat behind me?
10) 3) dialog: Uh-huh. I was tryin' to think of somethin' to say to you, then I thought 'She doesn't want me bothering her.'
10) 5) dialog: I dunno. I guess I'm just stupid.
11) 0) text: Clarence's bedroom is a pop culture explosion. Movie posters, pictures of Elvis, anything you can imagine. The sweaty lovebirds are soaking in a post-passion hot bath. By the look of the comfort they share, it would be hard to imagine that they met not five hours ago.
11) 2) dialog: You know a lot of people have misconceptions of how she died. 19.
11) 4) dialog: Yeah, she OD'd. But she wasn't on her last legs or anything. She didn't take too much. It shouldn't have killed her. There was something wrong with what she took.
11) 6) dialog: That's what happened. In fact, when she died, it was considered to be the happiest time of her life. She'd been fucked over so much by men, she didn't trust them. She's having this relationship with this guy and he asked her to marry him. Now, other people had asked to marry her before, but she couldn't be sure whether they really loved her or were just after her money. So she said no. And the guy says, ‘Look I really love you and I wanna prove it. So have your lawyers draw up a paper that says no matter what happens, I can never get any of your money, and I'll sign it.' So she did, and he did and he asked her and she said yes. And once they were engaged, he told her a secret about himself that she never knew; he was a millionaire.
11) 8) dialog: Uh-huh.
12) 0) text: It's the next day. Clarence wakes up in his bed alone. He looks around and no Alabama, but the skylight to the roof is open. The stairs are down. Clarence pulls on a large ratty fur coat salvaged from a thrift shop and heads for the roof.
13) 2) dialog: What's wrong, sweetheart? Did I do something? What did I do?
13) 4) dialog: Did you hurt yourself? (he takes her foot) What'd ya do? Step on thumbtack. Clarenc unfolds a second beach chair and sits next to Alabama.
13) 6) dialog: What are you, a theater checker? You check up on the box office girls? Make sure they're not ripping the place off.
13) 8) dialog: You're a whore?
13) 12) dialog: Heros For Sale?
13) 14) dialog: Yeah... I got a boss. I work at ‘Heroes For Sale.' It's a comic book store. It's great because most of the customers only come in to browse. So I can pretty much do...
13) 16) dialog: My boss... my boss is called Lance.
13) 18) dialog: That dazzling imagination.
13) 22) dialog: Who and what is a Drexl?
13) 24) dialog: You have a pimp?
13) 26) dialog: A real live pimp?
13) 28) dialog: Is he black?
13) 30) dialog: Is he nice?
13) 32) dialog: What did he do to Arlene?
13) 34) dialog: This motherfucker sounds charming! Clarence is on his feet, furious.
13) 35) dialog: God damn it, Alabama, you gotta get the fuck outta there! How much longer before he's slappin' you around? Punchin' you in the stomach? How the fuck did you get hooked up with a douche bag like this in the first place?
13) 37) dialog: Thank you. I wanna see you again too. And again, and again, and again. Bama, I know we haven't known each other long, but my parents went together all through high school, and they still got a divorce. So fuck it, you wanna marry me?
13) 39) dialog: Will you be my wife? When Alabama gives her answer, her voice cracks.
13) 41) dialog: ( a little surprised) You will?
13) 43) dialog: You better not be fuckin' teasin' me. They seal it with a kiss.
13) 46) dialog: Did ya ever see The Chinese Professionals?
13) 48) dialog: Well, that's the one that explains how Jimmy Wang Yu became the Incredible One-Armed Boxer. We hear, O.S., the TV ANNOUNCER say:
13) 50) text: He feels the warmth of Alabama's hand holding his. We see commercials playing. He turns in her direction. She's absent-mindedly looking at her wedding ring. He smiles and turns back to the TV. More commercials. DOLLY CLOSE ON Clarence's face.
13) 55) dialog: Thank you.
13) 58) dialog: Hello, Mrs. Worley.
13) 60) dialog: Top-o-the morning to you, Mrs. Worley.
13) 63) dialog: Oh, you're speaking of my charming wife, Mrs. Alabama Worley.
13) 65) dialog: Not for me. He starts kissing her and moving her down on the seat. She resists.
13) 67) dialog: (playfully) Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes...
14) 0) text: Seedy hole in the wall tattoo parlor framed between a Chinese take-away and a laundromat. Clarence's car sits with two wheels up on the curb.
15) 3) dialog: What was he?
15) 5) dialog: You stay with one guy.
15) 7) dialog: Baby doll, last night was one of the greatest nights of my life. So stop apologizing for making my dreams come true.
15) 21) dialog: I just gotta get somethin’.
16) 0) text: Clarence splashes water on his face trying to wash away the images that keep polluting his mind. Then, he hears a familiar voice.
16) 2) dialog: What?
16) 4) dialog: Live with what?
16) 6) dialog: Yeah.
16) 8) dialog: Yeah.
16) 10) dialog: I can't believe what the fuck you're telling me.
16) 12) dialog: You'd really do that?
16) 14) dialog: Look, Elvis, he is haunting me. He doesn't deserve to live. And I do not want to kill him. But I don't want ta go to jail for the rest of my life.
16) 16) dialog: If I thought I could get away with it -- 30.
17) 1) text: which Clarence loads and sticks in a heavy athletic sock he's wearing.
18) 0) text: Clarence returns.
18) 1) dialog: Sweetheart, write down your former address.
18) 3) dialog: Write down Drexl's address.
18) 5) dialog: So I can go over there and pick up your things.
18) 7) dialog: Look, sweetheart, he scares you but I'm not scared of that motherfucker. He can't touch you now. You're completely out of his reach. He poses absolutely no threat to us. So if he doesn't matter, which he doesn't it would be stupid to lose your things now, wouldn't it?
18) 9) dialog: You don't know me. Not when it comes to shit like this. I have to do this. I need for you to know you can count on me to protect you. Now write down his address. cut TO:
19) 0) text: It's pretty late at night. Clarence steps out of his red Mustang. He's right smack dab in the middle of a bad place to be in the daytime. He checks his pulse on his neck, it's beating like a race horse. To pump himself up, he does a quick Elvis Presley gyration.
19) 1) dialog: (in Elvis' voice) Yeah... yeah... He starts walking into the large open field.
20) 0) text: Clarence has a beat to his stride that says "confidence." But with each step into the dimly lit expanse, thoughts o “what the hell am I doing" begin creeping into his mind. In the b.g., against the dilapidated mansions, Clarence can see the eerie glow that at one time may have been fireflies... today it's crack pipes. Clarence approaches JUPITER, a diseased-looking dealer/ junkie who thinks Clarence is there to score.
21) 0) text: Clarence steps up to the massive door of the house. His heart's really racing now. He has the TV Guide that Alabama wrote the address on in his hand. He KNOCKS on the door using the HUGE KNOCKERS. Marty answers the door.
21) 2) dialog: Drex1?
21) 4) dialog: I gotta talk to Drexl. 33.
21) 6) dialog: It's about Alabama. A figure appears in the doorway, wearing a yellow Farrah Fawcett T-shirt. It's our friend, Drexl.
21) 8) dialog: She's with me.
21) 10) dialog: I'm her husband.
22) 0) text: Drexl and Marty about-face and walk into the room continuing a conversation they were having and leaving Clarence standing in the doorway. This is not the confrontation Clarence expected. He trails in behind Drexl and Marty.
22) 7) dialog: No thanks.
22) 11) dialog: I'm not eatin' ‘cause I'm not hungry. I'm not sittin' ‘cause I'm not stayin’. I'm not lookin' at the movie 'cause I saw it seven years ago. It's The Mack with Max Julian, Carol Speed and Richard Pryor, written by Bobby Poole, directed by Michael Campus, and released by Cinema Releasing Company in nineteen-seventy-four. I'm not scared of you. I just don't like you. In that envelope is some payoff money. Alabama's moving on to some greener pastures. We're not negotiating. I don't like to barter. I don't like to dicker. I never have fun in Tijuana. That price is non- negotiable. What's in that envelope is for my peace of mind. My peace of mind is worth that much. Not one penny more, not one penny more. You could hear a pin drop in the room. Once Clarence started talking, Marty went on full alert. Drexl stopped eating and the whores stopped breathing. All eyes are on Drexl. Drexl drops his chopsticks and opens the envelope. It's empty.
22) 20) dialog: (hurting) Wannabee Nigger...
22) 32) dialog: Get a bag and put Alabama's things in it! She doesn't move.
22) 33) dialog: You wanna get shot? I ain't got all fuckin' day, so move it! 40. The hooker, tears of fear running her mascara, grabs a suitcase from under the bed, and on her hands and knees, pushes it along the floor to Clarence. Clarence takes it by the handle and wobbles over to Drexl who's curled up like a pillbug.
22) 36) dialog: (to Drexl) Open your eyes, laughing boy. He doesn't. Clarence gives him a kick.
22) 37) dialog: Open your eyes! He does. It's now...
22) 39) dialog: You thought it was pretty funny, didn't you? He FIRES.
23) 0) text: The front door swings open and Clarence walks in. Alabama jumps off the couch and runs toward Clarence, before she reaches him he blurts out.
23) 1) dialog: I killed him. She stops short. 41.
23) 2) dialog: I've got some food in the car, I'll be right back. Clarence leaves. Except for the TV PLAYING, the room is quiet. Alabama sits on the couch. Clarance walks back into the room with a whole bounty of take-out food. He heaps it onto the coffee table and starts to chow down.
23) 3) dialog: Help yourself. I got enough. I am fuckin' starvin'. I think I ordered one of everything. He stops and looks at her.
23) 4) dialog: I am so hungry. He starts eating french fries and hamburgers.
23) 6) dialog: Yeah. But to be honest, I put myself in that position. When I drove up there I said to myself, ‘If I can kill ‘em and get away with it, I'll do it.' I could. So I did.
23) 8) dialog: No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious, I've never had a hamburger taste this good. Alabama starts to cry. Clarence continues eating, ignorin her.
23) 9) dialog: Come on, Bama, eat something. You'll feel better. She continues crying. He continues eating and ignoring he Finally, he spins on her yellling:
23) 12) dialog: Would you rather it been me? Do you love him? (no answer) Do you love him? (no answer) Do you love him? She looks at Clarence, having a hard time getting a word out.
23) 14) dialog: What?
23) 16) dialog: What?
23) 18) dialog: What?
23) 21) dialog: I have your things right here. He picks up the suitcase and drops it on the table in front of them.
26) 3) text: Clarence and Alabama walk over to the car. Clarence sticks his face through the driver's side window.
26) 4) dialog: Good morning, Daddy, long time no see.
27) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, that's okay, Daddy. I tend to have that effect on people. I'm dyin' of thirst, you got anything to drink? He moves past Cliff and heads straight for the refrigerat
27) 5) dialog: (rummaging around the fridge) Anything stronger? (pause) Oh, probaby not. Beer? You can drink beer, can't you?
27) 7) dialog: (closing the fridge) That's about all I ever eat. Cliff looks at the girl. She smiles sweetly at him.
27) 10) dialog: Oh yeah, we got married. (referring to magnets) You still have these! (to Alabama) This isn't a complete set, when I was five I swallowed the pomegranate one. I never shit it out, so I guess it's still there. (MORE )
27) 12) dialog: Loverdoll, why don't you be a sport and go get us some beer. I want some beer. (to Cliff) Do you want some beer? Well, if you want some it's here. He hands her some money and his car keys.
27) 13) dialog: Go to the liquor store -- (to Cliff) Where is there a liquor store around here?
27) 15) dialog: (to Alabama) Get a six-pack of something imported. It's hard to tell you what to get ‘cause different places have different things. If they got Fosters, get that, if not ask the guy at the thing what the strongest imported beer he has is. Look, since you're making a beer run, would you mind too terribly if you did a food run as well. I'm fuckin' starvin' to death. Are you hungry too?
27) 17) dialog: Well, fuck that shit, we'll get some real food. What would taste good? (to Cliff) What do you think would taste good?
27) 19) dialog: You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. (MORE )
27) 21) dialog: Chicken and beer, definitely, absolutely, without a doubt. (to Cliff) Where's a good chicken place around here?
27) 23) dialog: You don't know the chicken places around where you live? (to Alabama) Ask the guy at the place where a chicken place is. He gives her some more money.
27) 24) dialog: This should cover it, Auggie- Doggie.
27) 26) dialog: Isn't she the sweetest God damned girl you ever saw in your whole life? Is she a four alarm fire, or what?
27) 28) dialog: Daddy. Nice isn't the word. Nice is an insult. She's a peach. That's the only word for it, she's a peach. You can tell I'm in love with her? You can tell by my face, can't ya? It's a dead giveaway. It's written all over it. Ya know what? She loves me back. Take a seat, Pop, I gotta talk --
27) 32) dialog: Daddy, I'm in big fuckin' trouble and I really need your help.
30) 0) text: Cliff's completely aghast. He just stares, unable to come to grips with what Clarence has told him.
30) 1) dialog: Look, I know this is pretty heavy duty, so if you wanna explode, feel free.
30) 4) dialog: What?
30) 6) dialog: Do you still have friends on the force?
30) 8) dialog: Could you find out if they know anything? I don't think they know shit about us. But I don't wanna ‘think,' I wanna 'know.' You could find out for sure what's goin' on. (pause) Daddy? 50.
30) 10) dialog: You were a cop.
30) 12) dialog: I'm your son.
30) 14) dialog: Look, Goddamnit, I never asked you for a Goddamn thing! I've tried to make your parental obligation as easy as possible. After Mom divorced you did I ever ask you for anything? When I wouldn't see ya for six months to a year at a time, did I ever get in your shit about it? No! It was always: ‘Okay,' 'No problem,' ‘You're a busy guy, I understand.’ The whole time you were a drunk, did I ever point my finger at you and talk shit? No! Everybody else did. I never did. you see, I know that you're just a bad parent. You're not really very good at it. But I know you love me. I'm basically a pretty resourceful guy. If I didn't really need it I wouldn't ask. And if you say no, don't worry about it. I'm gone. No problem. Alabama walks in through the door carrying a shopping bag
30) 16) dialog: Thank God. I could eat a horse if you slap enough catsup on it.
30) 18) dialog: How come? 51.
31) 0) text: Clarence and Cliff stand by Clarence's 1965 red Mustang. Alabama is amusing herself by doing cartwheels and handstands in the background.
31) 2) dialog: Do tell. Why drug related?
31) 4) dialog: No shit?
31) 6) dialog: Nope.
31) 8) dialog: Who is he?
31) 10) dialog: That's what I've been tellin’ ya. The guy was like a mad dog. So the cops aren't looking for me?
31) 12) dialog: Thanks a lot, Daddy. You really came through for me.
31) 14) dialog: Keep it.
31) 16) dialog: We do make a cute couple, don't we?
31) 18) dialog: This is Dick's number in Hollywood. We don't know where we'll be, but you can get a hold of me through him. Clarence turns toward Alabama's direction and yells to he
31) 19) dialog: Bama, we're outta here. Kiss pops goodbye. Alabama runs across from where she was and throws her arms around Cliff and gives him a big smackeroo on the lips. Cliff's a little startled. Alabama's babbling like a Fresca.
31) 21) dialog: (mock anger) What kind of daughterly smackeroo was that? 53.
31) 23) dialog: (to Cliff) We'll send you a postcard as soon as we get to Hollywood. Clarence STARTS the ENGINE. The convertible roof opens as they talk.
31) 26) dialog: (to Cliff) As the sun sets slowly in the west we bid a fond farewell to all the friends we've made... and with a touch of melancholy we look foreward to the time when we will all be together again. Clarence PEELS OUT, shooting a shower of gravel up in the air. As the Mustang disappears, Cliff runs his tongue over his lips.
33) 0) text: Top floor, Las Vegas, Nevada hotel room with a huge picture window overlooking the neon filled strip and the flaiming red and orange sunset sky. Clarence paces up and down with the telephone in his hand
33) 1) dialog: (big bopper voice) Heeellllloooo0o baaaabbbbbbyyyyy! INTERCUT both sides of the conversation.
33) 3) dialog: You got it.
33) 5) dialog: Well, you're gonna be seein' me shortly.
33) 7) dialog: Tomorrow.
33) 9) dialog: Well, there's a story behind all that. I'11l tell you when I see you. By the way, I won't be alone. I'm bringin' my wife with me.
33) 11) dialog: I'm a married man.
33) 13) dialog: Believe it or not, I actually tricked a girl into falling in love with me. I'm not quite sure how I did it. I'd hate to have to do it again. But I did it. Wanna say hi to my better half? Before Dick can respond, Clarence puts Alabama on the pho He starts
33) 17) dialog: Tell him we gotta go.
33) 23) dialog: Tell him not to eat anything. We're gonna scarf when we get there.
33) 26) dialog: Ask him if he got the letter.
33) 30) dialog: The letter I sent.
33) 33) dialog: Has he gotten his mail today?
33) 37) dialog: Has he looked through it yet?
33) 41) dialog: Tell him to look through it.
33) 45) dialog: No time. Gotta go. Just tell him to read the letter, the letter explains all. Tell him I love him. And tell him as of tomorrow, all his money problems are over.
33) 48) dialog: Now tell him good-bye.
33) 50) dialog: Now hang up. She hangs up the phone.
34) 3) text: It's obviously from Clarence. Addressed to Dick. Dick opens it.
38) 0) text: Dick's asleep in a reclining chair. He's wearing his clothes from the night before. His roommate FLOYD is lying on the sofa watching TV. The sound of four hands KNOCKING on his door wakes Dick up. He shakes the bats out of his belfry, and opens the door, and finds the cutest couple in Los Angeles standing in his doorway. Clarence and Alabama immediately start singing "Hello My Baby" like the frog in the old Chuck Jones cartoon.
38) 1) dialog: ‘Hello my baby, Hello my honey, Hello my ragtime gal --'
38) 3) dialog: Wow. Neat place. Let's get some breakfast. Oh, Dick, this is Alabama, Alabama, this is Dick.
40) 0) text: Clarence, Alabama, and Dick are sitting at an outdoor table chowing down on chili dogs.
40) 3) dialog: And here we are.
40) 5) dialog: Well, she's a pretty amazing girl. What are women like out here?
40) 16) dialog: Every word of it. Dick sees where Clarence's attention is.
40) 18) dialog: you? For the very first time in my life. (pause) Do you know what that's like? Clarence is so intense Dick doesn't know how to answer.
40) 20) dialog: Do you remember the lyric?
41) 0) text: We see the Hollywood Holiday Inn sign. parking lot where Clarence's empty red PAN TO the Mustang is parked. 67.
42) 6) dialog: (to Alabama) Bama, you got your blade? Keeping her eyes on the TV, she pulls out a Swiss Army knife with a tiny dinosaur on it from her purse, and tosses it to Clarence. Clarence takes off the corkscrew and opens the wine. In a couple of hotel plastic cups he pours some wine, a big glass for Dick, a little one for himself. He hands it to Dick. Dick takes it and drinks.
42) 8) dialog: It'll getcha high. He tosses Dick the knife.
42) 9) dialog: Do you want some wine, sweetheart?
42) 14) dialog: I certainly hope so.
42) 16) dialog: I know.
42) 18) dialog: Tell me.
42) 21) dialog: Drexl's dead. This is Clarence's coke and Clarence can do whatever he wants with it. And what Clarence wants to do is sell it. Then me and Bama are gonna leave on a jet plane and spend the rest of our lives spendin'. So, you got my letter, have you lined up any buyers?
42) 23) dialog: But you're an actor. I hear these Hollywood guys have it delivered to the set.
42) 27) dialog: No way! The whole enchilada in one shot.
42) 29) dialog: I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be?
42) 31) dialog: Is he big league?
42) 33) dialog: What'dya tell ‘em?
42) 35) dialog: What's this acting class guy's name? 70.
42) 37) dialog: Elliot what?
42) 39) dialog: Okay, call ‘em up and arrange a meeting, so we can get through all the getting to know you stuff.
42) 41) dialog: (to Alabama) Where?
42) 43) dialog: (to Dick) The zoo. (pause) What are you waiting for?
42) 45) dialog: What's to think about?
42) 47) dialog: Two guys.
42) 49) dialog: Don't expect me to be all broken up over poor Drexl. (MORE )
42) 51) dialog: I think he was a fuckin', freeloadin', parasitic scumbag, and he got exactly what he deserved. I got no pity for a mad dog like that. I think I should get a merit badge or somethin’. Dick rests his head in his hands.
42) 52) dialog: Look, buddy, I realize I'm layin' some pretty heavy shit on ya, but I need you to rise to the occasion. So, drink some more wine. Get used to the idea, and get your friend on the phone.
43) 2) dialog: Want an animal cracker?
43) 4) dialog: Leave the gorillas.
43) 6) dialog: Unloading? That's a helluva way to describe the bargain of a lifetime.
43) 9) dialog: I grow it on my windowsill. The light's really great there and I'm up high enough so you can't see it from the street.
43) 11) dialog: Coco leaves. You see, they take the leaves and mash it down until it's kind of a paste --
43) 13) dialog: (laughing) No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit' ya, that's all. Actually, I'1l tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't insure me you're good people, I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes. I gotta friend in the department.
43) 15) dialog: What do you think, eightball?
43) 17) dialog: Duh. What else would I be talking about? Now stop asking stupid doorknob questions. Well, a year and a half ago, this friend of mine got access to the evidence room for an hour. He snagged this coke. But, he's a good cop with a wife and a kid, so he sat on it for a year and a half until he found a guy he could trust. 73.
43) 19) dialog: We were in 4-H together. We've known each other since childhood. So I'm handling the sales part. He's my silent partner and he knows, if I get fucked up, I won't drop dime on him. He's kinda paranoid. Now, no farther you understand. I didn't tell you nothin' and you didn't hear nothin'.
44) 0) text: We're in the snack bar area of the zoo. Alabama, Dick and Elliot are sitting around a plastic outdoor table. Clarence is pacing around the table as he talks. Alabama is still blowing bubbles.
44) 1) dialog: (to Elliot) Do I look like a beautiful blonde with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice cream? Elliot hasn't the faintest idea what this is supposed to mean.
44) 3) dialog: Do I look like a beautiful blonde with big tits and an ass that tastes like French vanilla ice cream?
44) 5) dialog: Then why are you telling me all this bullshit? Just so you can fuck me?
44) 7) dialog: (to Dick) Let me handle this.
44) 9) dialog: Riddle me this, Batman. If you're all so much in love with each other, what the fuck are you doing here? I'm sure you got better things to do with your time than walk around in circles staring up a panther's ass. Your guy's interested because with that much shit at his fingertips he can play Joe fuckin' Hollywood till the wheels come off. He can sell it, he can snort it, he can play Santa Claus with it. At the price he's paying, he'll have the freedom to be able to just throw it around. He'll be everybody's best friend. I'm not puttin’ him down. Hey, let him run wild. Have a ball, it's his money. But don't expect me to hang around forever waiting for you guys to grow some guts. Elliot has been silenced. He nods his head in agreement.
46) 0) text: Elliot is on the zoo pay phone. Clarence is next to him. Dick is next to Clarence. Alabama is next to Dick, blowing bubbles.
50) 2) dialog: (into phone) Hello, Lee, it's Clarence. At last we meet. 76.
52) 0) text: Clarence is still on the phone with Lee. 77.
52) 1) dialog: Lee, the reason I'm talking with you is I want to open Dr. Zhivago in L.A. And I want you to distribute it.
54) 1) dialog: The biggest. The biggest movie you've ever dealt with, Lee. We're talkin' a lot of film. A man'd have ta be an idiot not to be a little cautious about a movie like that. And, Lee, you're no idiot...
56) 1) dialog: Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every time you buy one of those little movies, it's a risk. I'm not selling you somethin' that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable. This is Doctor Zhivago. This'll be packin' ‘em in for a year and a half. Two years! That's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine.
58) 1) dialog: I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes. If I had time for a courtship, Lee, I would. I'd take ya out, I'd hold ya hand, I'd kiss ya on the cheek at the door. But I'm not in that position. I need to know if we're in bed together or not. If you want my movie, Lee, you're just gonna have to come to terms with your fear and desire. Pause. Clarence hands the phone to Elliot.
58) 2) dialog: (to Elliot) He wants to talk to you.
58) 7) dialog: No problem on counts. He offers Elliot the animal crackers.
58) 8) dialog: Have a cookie. Elliot takes one.
58) 10) dialog: That wasn't a gorilla, was it?
59) 0) text: The red Mustang with Clarence and Alabama pulls up to the hotel. Alabama hops out, Clarence stays in.
59) 2) dialog: Babalouey, you were perfect, I could hardly keep from busting up.
59) 4) dialog: You were chillin', kind of creepy even. You totally fucked with his head. I'm gonna go grab dinner.
59) 6) dialog: We now return you to Bullitt already in progress. He slams the MUSTANG in reverse and PEELS OUT of the hotel. Alabama walks her little walk from the parking lot to the pool area. Somebody WHISTLES at her, she turns to them.
61) 1) dialog: (singing) ‘Land of stardust, land of glamour, Vistavision and Cinerama, everything about it is a must, to get to Hollywood, or bust...’
63) 0) text: Clarence walks through the door of some mom and pop fast food restaurant.
63) 1) dialog: Woah! Smells like hamburgers in here! What's the biggest, fatest hamburger you guys got? The IRANIAN GUY at the counter says:
63) 3) dialog: Well I want two of them bad boys. Two large orders of chili fries. Two large diet Cokes. (looking at menu on wall) And I'1l tell you what, why don't you give me a combination burrito as well.
65) 1) text: Clarence is waiting for his order. He notices a CUSTOMER reading a copy of Newsweek with Elvis on the cover.
65) 2) dialog: That's a great issue. The Customer lowers his magazine a little bit.
65) 4) dialog: Have you read the story on Elvis.
65) 6) dialog: You know, I saw it on the stands, my first inclination was to buy it. But, I look at the price and say forget it. It's just gonna be the same old shit. I ended up breaking down and buying it a few days later. Man, was I ever wrong.
65) 8) dialog: It's probably the single best piece I've ever read about Elvis in my life.
65) 10) dialog: It tries to pin down what the attraction is after all these years. It covers the whole spectrum of fans, the people who love his music, the people who grew up with him, the artists he inspired; Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, and the fanatics, like these guys. I don't know about you, but they give me the creeps.
65) 12) dialog: Like look at her. She looks like she fell off of an ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down. Elvis wouldn't fuck her with Pat Boone's dick. Clarence and the Subscriber laugh.
66) 16) dialog: Honey? She continues. He puts his gun away.
66) 17) dialog: Sweetheart? Cops are gonna be here any minute. She continues. He takes the gun away from her, and she falls to the ground. She lays on the floor trembling, still continuing with the downward swings of her arms. Clarence grabs the shotgun and the cocaine, and tosses Alabama over his shoulder. cut TO:
67) 0) text: Everybody is outside of their rooms watching as Clarence walks through the pool area with his bundle. SIRENS can be heard APPROACHING.
68) 1) dialog: Sleep, baby. Don't dream. Don't worry. Just sleep. You deserve better than this. I'm so sorry. Sleep, my angel. Sleep peacefully. 90.
69) 0) text: A new motel. Clarence's red Mustang is parked outside.
71) 0) text: Clarence is in a nondescript room speaking directly TO CAMERA. He's in a HEADSHOT.
71) 1) dialog: I feel so horrible about what she went through. That fucker really beat the shit out of her. She never told him where I was. It's like I always felt that the way she felt about me was a mistake. She couldn't really care that much. I always felt in the back of my mind, I don't know, she was joking. But, to go through that and remain loyal, it's very easy to be enraptured with words, but to remain loyal when it's easier, even excusable, not to -- that's a test of one's self. That's true romance. I swear to God, I'll cut off my hands and gouge out my eyes before I'll ever let anything happen to that lady again. cut TO:
78) 0) text: Clarence's red Mustang is parked on top of a hill just off of Imperial Highway. As luck would have it, some- body has abandoned a ratty old sofa on the side of the road. Clarence and Alabama sit on the sofa, sharing a Jumbo Java, and enjoying the sunrise and wonderful view of the LAX Airport runways, where planes are taking off and landing. A PLANE TAKES OFF, and they stop and watch. 98.
78) 1) dialog: Ya know, I used to fuckin' hate airports.
78) 3) dialog: With a vengeance, I hated them.
78) 5) dialog: I used to live by one back in Dearborn. It's real frustrating to be surrounded by airplanes when you ain't got shit. I hated where I was, but I couldn't do anything about it. I didn't have any money. It was tough enough just tryin' to pay my rent every month, and here I was livin' next to a airport. Whenever I went outside, I saw fuckin’ planes takin' off. I'm tryin' to watch TV, fuckin' planes takin' off drownin' out my show. All day long I'm seein', hearin' people doin' what I wanted to do most, but couldn't.
78) 7) dialog: But knowin' me and you gonna be nigger rich gives me a whole new outlook. I love airports now. Me 'n you can get on any one of those planes out there, and go anywhere we want.
78) 9) dialog: I been in America all my life. I'm due for a change. I wanna see what TV in other countries are like. Besides, it's more dramatic. Where should we fly off to, my little turtle dove?
78) 11) dialog: Why Cancun?
78) 13) dialog: But in my movie, baby, you get top billing. They kiss.
78) 14) dialog: Don't you worry ‘bout anything. It's all gonna work out for us. We deserve it.
79) 0) text: Dick, Clarence and Alabama are just getting ready to leave for the drug deal. Floyd lies on the couch watching TV. Alabama's wearing dark glasses to hide some of the damage caused by Virgil.
79) 1) dialog: (to Floyd) You sure that's how you get to the Beverly Wilshire?
79) 4) dialog: I'm just making sure we got everything. (to Alabama) You got yours? up the suitcase. The PHONE RINGS. The three pile out the door. Floyd answers the phone. He starts
79) 9) dialog: No shit? Dick, that's great! 101. Clarence and Alabama are jumping around. Floyd even smiles.
79) 11) dialog: Ah, Dick, let's talk about it in the car. We can't be late. Dick looks at Clarence. He doesn't want to go.
79) 13) dialog: Yeah?
83) 3) dialog: Red light means love, baby. Clarence and Alabama start kissing. cut TO:
85) 0) text: Clarence, Alabama and Dick get out of the Mustang. Dick takes the suitcase.
85) 1) dialog: I'll take that. Now remember, both of you, let me do the talking. Clarence takes out a .45. Dick reacts. They walk and talk.
85) 3) dialog: In case.
85) 5) dialog: In case they try to kill us. I don't know. What do you want me to say?
85) 7) dialog: I know that, Richard. I don't think I'll need it. But something this last week has taught me, it's better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it. Pause. Clarence stops walking.
85) 8) dialog: Hold it, guys. I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm pretty scared. What say we forget the whole thing? Dick and Alabama are both surprised and relieved.
85) 10) dialog: No. I don't really mean it. Well, I mean this is our last chance to think about it. How ‘bout you, 'Bama?
85) 12) dialog: It is what I want. But I don't want to spend the next ten years in jail. I don't want you guys to go to jail. We don't know what could be waiting for us up there. It'll probably be just what it's supposed to be. The only thing that's waiting for us is two hundred thousand dollars. I'm just looking at the downside. 105.
85) 14) dialog: This is our last chance to play ‘what if.' I don't want to do it. I'm just scared of getting caught.
85) 16) dialog: That rhymes. He kisses her.
85) 18) dialog: Yeah, let's just get outta here. The three walk back to the car. Clarence gets behind the wheel. The other two get in. Clarence hops back out.
85) 19) dialog: I'm sorry, guys. I gotta do it. As petrified as I am, I just can't walk away. I'm gonna be kicking myself in the ass the rest of my life if I don't go in there. Lee Donowitz isn't a gangster lookin' to skin us and he's not a cop, he's a famous movie producer lookin' to get high. And I'm just the man who can get him there. So what say we throw caution to the wind and let the chips fall where they may. Clarence grabs the suitcase and makes a beeline for the hotel. Dick and Alabama exchange looks and follow.
86) 0) text: Elliot's walking around the lobby. He's very nervous. Clarence enters the lobby alone, carrying the suitcase. 106. He spots Elliot and goes in his direction. Elliot sees Clarence approaching him. He says to himself quietly:
86) 3) dialog: They'll be along. Alabama and Dick enter the lobby and join up with Clarence and Elliot.
87) 0) text: Nicholson, Dimes and the other detectives are surrounding the tape machine. Coming from the machine is Elliot and Clarence's conversation.
87) 2) dialog: Well, I guess it's about that time.
88) 0) text: The four of them are riding up in the elevator. As luck would have it, they have the car to themselves. Rinky dinky elevator MUZAK is playing. They are all silent. Clarence breaks the silence.
88) 1) dialog: Elliot.
88) 3) dialog: Get on your knees. Not sure he's heard him right. 107.
88) 5) dialog: I said, get on your fuckin' knees! Elliot does it immediately. Dick and Alabama react.
88) 6) dialog: Shut up, both of you, I know what I'm doin'!
90) 0) text: Clarence puts the .45 against Elliot's forehead.
90) 1) dialog: You must think I'm pretty stupid, don't you? No answer.
90) 2) dialog: Don't you!?
90) 4) dialog: (yelling) Don't lie to me, motherfucker. You apparently think I'm the dumbest motherfucker in the world, don't you?! Say: Clarence, you are, without a doubt, the dumbest motherfucker in the whole wide world. Say it!
92) 1) dialog: Say it, goddamn it!
92) 3) dialog: Apparently I'm not as dumb as you thought I am.
92) 5) dialog: What's waiting for us up there? Tell me or I'll pump two right in your face.
94) 1) dialog: Stand up. 109. Elliot does. The .45 is still pressed against his forehead.
94) 2) dialog: Like Nick Carter used to say: if I'm wrong, I'll apologize. I want you to tell us what's waitin' for us. Up there. Something's amiss, I can feel it. If anything out of the ordinary goes down, believe this, you're gonna be the first one shot.
96) 1) dialog: Okay. With the .45 up against Elliot's head, Clarence puts his palm over the top of the gun to shield himself from the splatter. Alabama and Dick can't believe what he's gonna do. Elliot, tears running down his face, starts talking for the benefit of the people at the other end of the wire. He sounds like a little boy.
98) 0) text: Clarence puts down the gun and hugs Elliot.
98) 1) dialog: Sorry, Elliot. Nothing personal. I just hadda make sure you're alright. I'm sure. I really apologize for scaring you so bad but, believe me, I'm just as scared as you. Friends? Elliot, in a state of shock, takes Clarence's hand. Dick and Alabama are relieved.
101) 0) text: Clarence knocks on the door. The door opens and reveals an extremely muscular guy with an Uzi strapped to his shoulder standing in the doorway. His name is MONTY.
101) 5) dialog: No need to search me, daredevil. All you'll find is a .45 caliber automatic. 112. Boris gets up from the couch.
101) 7) dialog: The same thing that compelled you, Beastmaster, to bring rapid-fire weaponry to a business meeting.
101) 9) dialog: You'll have to. The TOILET FLUSHES in the bathroom. The door swings open and Lee Donowitz emerges.
101) 14) dialog: Well, I have to admit, walkin' through the door and seein' those Soldier of Fortune poster boys made me a bit nervous. But, Lee, I'm fairly confident that you came here to do business, not to be a wiseguy. So, if you want, I'll put my gun on the table.
101) 16) dialog: Oh, Mr. Donowitz -- 113.
101) 18) dialog: Okay, sorry, Lee. I just wanna tell you that Coming Home in a Body Bag is one of my favorite movies. After Apocalypse Now, I think it's the best Vietnam movie ever.
101) 20) dialog: You know, most movies that win a lot of Oscars, I can't stand. Sophie's Choice, Ordinary People, Kramer vs. Kramer, Gandhi. All that stuff is safe, geriatric, coffee table, dog shit.
101) 22) dialog: Like that Merchant Ivory claptrap. All those assholes make are unwatchable movies from unreadable books. Boris starts placing clear glass coffee cups in front of everybody and fills everyone's cup from a fancy coffee- pot that he handles like an expert.
101) 24) dialog: They aren't plays, they're not books, they certainly ain't movies, they're films. And do you know what films are? They're for people who don't like movies. Mad Max, that's a movie. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, that's a movie. Rio Bravo, that's a movie. Rumblefish, that's a fuckin' movie. And Coming Home in a Body Bag, that's a movie. (MORE )
103) 1) dialog: My Uncle Roger and Uncle Jerry,
105) 0) text: Clarence puts the suitcase on the table.
105) 1) dialog: Lee, when you see this, you're gonna shit.
107) 1) dialog: Now that's practically uncut. If you desire, you could cut ita helluva lot more.
107) 3) dialog: Me, too, Boris. Boris fills both their cups. They both, calm as a lake, take cream and sugar. All eyes are on them. Lee uses light cream and sugar, he begins stirring his cup. Clarence uses very heavy cream and sugar.
107) 5) dialog: I'm not saitsfied till the spoon stands straight up. Both are cool as cucumbers.
107) 11) dialog: No thanks. Lee continues looking at the merchandise. Alabama writes something on her napkin with a pencil and slides the napkin over to Clarence. It says: "You're so cool" with a tiny heart drawn on the bottom of it. Clarence takes a pencil and draws an arrow through the heart. She takes the napkin and puts it in her pocket. Lee looks up.
109) 1) dialog: Well, Lee, it's like this. You're getting the bargain of a lifetime because I don't know what the fuck I'm doing. You're used to dealin' with professionals. I'm nota professional. I'm a rank amateur. I could take that and I could cut it and I could sell it a little bit at a time and make a helluva lot more money. But, in order to do that, I'd have to become a drug dealer. I'm not a drug dealer. And I don't want to be a drug dealer. (MORE )
109) 3) dialog: Deal with cut-throat junkies, killers; worry about gettin' busted all the time. Just meeting you here today scares the shit outta me and you're not a junkie, a killer or a cop, you're a fucking movie producer. I like you and I'm still scared. I'ma punk kid who picked up a rock in the street, only to find out it's the Hope Diamond. It's worth a million dollars, but I can't get a million for it. But you can. So I'll sell it to you for a couple a' hundred thousand. You go make a million. It's all found money to me anyway. Me and my wife are minimum wage kids, two hundred thousand is the world.
109) 5) dialog: Well, Elliot wasn't supposed to tell you anything. He's nota dirty cop, he's a good cop. He just saw his chance and he took it.
109) 7) dialog: We grew up together.
109) 9) dialog: I bullshitted him. Lee starts laughing.
112) 7) dialog: Actually, they can count it. I'd like to use the little boy's room.
114) 1) text: Clarence steps inside the bathroom and shuts the door. As soon as it's shut, he starts doing the twist. He can't believe he pulled it off. He goes to the toilet and starts taking a piss. 119. He hears the RHYTHMIC SNAPPING of a FINGER. He turns and sees the extreme closeup of Elvis' hand.
116) 1) text: Clarence and Elvis.
116) 2) dialog: How do you think I'm doin' with Lee?
116) 4) dialog: You don't think I'm kissin' his ass, do you?
116) 6) dialog: I'm not lyin' to him. I mean it. I love Coming Home in a Body Bag. 121.
119) 0) text: Alabama is still crawling toward Clarence. The suitcase full of cocaine is beside Dick. Dick grabs it and tosses it in the air. Marvin comes from behind the sofa and FIRES. The suitcase is hit in mid-air and white powder goes everywhere. The room is enveloped in cocaine. Dick takes this as his cue and makes a dash out of the door. An IA officer goes after him. Lenny makes a break for it. Wurlitzer goes after him, but is pinned down by Marvin. Alabama reaches Clarence. (CONTINUED )
119) 3) dialog: I... I can't see you... I've got blood in my eyes... She starts furiously trying to clear the blood out of his face.
126) 0) text: A little boy with nappy black hair and striking blue eyes runs into his mother's arms. His mother is Alabama. Next to her is Clarence, wearing an eyepatch. They pick the little boy up and walk down the beach, their pants rolled up, the water lapping at their feet, and the warm wind blowing in their hair.