3) 2) dialog: Nigger, get outta my face with that bullshit.
3) 4) dialog: That's bullshit. BIG DON WATTS, a stout, mean-looking black man who's olde than Drexl and Floyd, walks through the door carrying hamburgers and french fries in two greasy brown paper bags.
3) 6) dialog: Nigger, you lie like a big dog.
3) 8) dialog: Floyd say he don't be eatin' pussy.
3) 10) dialog: I heard that.
3) 13) dialog: Preach on, Big D.
3) 16) text: Drexl and Drexl and
3) 18) dialog: Heard that. Big D bump fists.
3) 20) dialog: -- Because it's good!
3) 26) text: You don't like it but you eat that shit. (to Drexl) He eats it.
3) 27) dialog: Damn skippy. He like it too.
3) 30) dialog: Why you trippin'? We jus' fuckin' with ya. But I wanna ask a question. You with some fine bitch, I mean a brick shithouse bitch -- You're with Jayne Kennedy. You're with Jayne Kennedy and you say; ‘Bitch, suck my dick!' And then Jayne Kennedy says; ‘First things first, nigger, I ain't suckin’ shit till you bring your ass over here an' lick my bush!' Now, what do you say?
3) 33) dialog: Nigger back off, you ain't beatin' shit. Now what would you do?
3) 37) dialog: (marching back) You tell Jayne Kennedy to fuck it?
3) 39) dialog: With that terrible mug of yours if Jayne Kennedy told you to eat her pussy, kiss her ass, lick her feet, chow on her shit, and suck her dogs dick, nigger, you'd aim to please.
3) 41) dialog: In fact, I'm gonna show you what I mean with a little demonstration. Big D, toss me that shotgun. Without turning away from "Bewitched" he picks up the shotgun and tosses it to Drexl.
3) 42) dialog: (to Floyd) Allright, check this out. (referring to shotgun) Now, pretend this is Jayne Kennedy. And you're you. Then, in a blink, he points the shotgun at Floyd and BLOWS him away. Big D leaps off the bed and spins toward Drexl. Drexl, waiting for him FIRES from across the room. The blast hits the big man in the right arm and shoulder, spinning him around. Drexl makes a bee-line toward his victim and FIRES again. Big D is hit with a blast, full in the back. He slams into the wall and drops. Drexl collects the suitcase full of cocaine and leaves. As he gets to the front door he surveys the carnage, spits, and walks out.
21) 7) dialog: Where the fuck is that bitch?
21) 9) dialog: Who the fuck are you?
21) 11) dialog: Well, that makes us practically related. Bring your ass on in.
22) 0) text: Drexl and Marty about-face and walk into the room continuing a conversation they were having and leaving Clarence standing in the doorway. This is not the confrontation Clarence expected. He trails in behind Drexl and Marty.
22) 1) dialog: (to Marty) What was I sayin'?
22) 3) dialog: You ain't seen nothin' like these rock whores. They ass be young, man. They got that fine young pussy. Bitches want the rock they be freak for you. They give you hips, lips and the fingertips. Drexl looks over his shoulder at Clarence.
22) 4) dialog: (to Clarence) You know what I'm talking about? 34. Drexl gestures to one of the three stoned hookers lounging about on couches in the large living room that has been transformed from something dignified to a cesspool.
22) 5) dialog: (to Marty) These bitches over here ain't shit. You stomp them bitches to death to get the kinda pussy I'm talking about. Drexl sits down on the couch with a card table in front of it scattered with take-out boxes of Chinese food. The black exploitation movie The Mack with Max Julian is playing on the TV. This is not how Clarence expected to confront Drexl, but this is exactly what he expected Drexl to be like. He positions himself in front of the food table, demanding Drexl's attention.
22) 6) dialog: (eating with chopsticks; to Clarence) Grab a seat there, boy. Want some dinner? Grab yourself an eggroll. We got everything here from a diddle-eyed joe to a damned-if-I-know.
22) 8) dialog: No thanks? What does that mean? Means you ate before you came on down here? All full? Is that it? Nah, I don't think so. I think you're too scared to be eatin'. Now, see, we're sitting down here ready to negotiate, and you've already given up your shit. I'm still a mystery to you. But, I know exactly where your ass is comin' from. See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an eggroll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself ‘This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world. Who knows, maybe he don't. Maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he don't got to worry about nothin'. He jus' sit down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV. See? You ain't even sat down yet. (MORE )
22) 10) dialog: On that TV there, since you been in the room, is a woman with her titties hangin' out, and you ain't even bothered to look. You jus' been starin' at me. Now, I know I'm pretty, but I ain't as pretty as a couple a titties. Clarence takes out an envelope and throws it on the table
22) 12) dialog: It's empty. Clarence flashes a wide Cheshire cat grin that says "That's right, asshole." Silence.
22) 13) dialog: Oooo00000 eeeeeeee! This child is terrible. Marty, you know what we got here? Motherfuckin' Charlie Bronson. Is that who you supposed to be, Mr. Majestyk ? Looky, here, Charlie, none of this shit is necessary. I ain't got no hold on Alabama. I jus' tryin' to lend the girl a helpin' hand. 36. Before Drexl finishes the sentence, he picks up the card table and throws it at Clarence, catching him off guard. Marty comes up behind Clarence and throws his arm around his neck, putting him in a tight choke hold. Clarence, with his free arm, hits Marty hard with his elbow in the solar plexus. We'll never know whether that blow had any effect because just at that moment Drexl takes a flying leap and tackles the two guys. All of them go crashing into the stereo unit and a couple of shelves that hold records, all of which collapse to the floor in a shower of LP's. Marty, who's on the bottom of the pile hasn't let go of Clarence. Since Drexl's on top he starts slamming his fists into Clarence's face. Clarence, who's sandwiched between these two guys, can't do a whole lot about it.
22) 14) dialog: Ya wanna fuck wit' me? (hits Clarence) Ya wanna fuck wit' me? (hits Clarence) I'll show ya who you're fuckin' wit'! He hits Clarence hard in the face with both fists. Clarence, who has no leverage whatsoever, grabs hold of Drexl's face and digs his nails in. He sticks his thumb i Drexl's mouth, grabs a piece of cheek and starts twisting Marty, who's in even worse of a position, can't do any- thing but tighten his grip around Clarence's neck until Clarence feels like his eyes are going to pop out of his head. Drexl's face is getting torn up but he's also biting down hard on Clarence's thumb. Clarence raises his head and brings it down hard, crunching Marty's face and busting his nose. Marty loosens his grip on Clarence's neck. Clance wriggles free and gets up onto his knees. Drexl and Clarence are now on even footing, but awkward footing it is. The two are going at each other like a pair of alley cats, not aiming their punches, just keep- ing them coming fast and furious. They're not doing much damage to each other because their positions, almost like a hockey fight. 37. Marty sneaks up behind Clarence and smashes him in the head with a stack of LP's. This disorients Clarence. Marty grabs him from behind and pulls him to his feet. Drexl socks him in the face. One, two, three! Then he kicks him hard in the balls. Marty lets go and Clarence hits the floor like a sack of potatoes. He curls up into a fetal position and holds his balls, tears coming out of his eyes. Drexl's face is torn up from Clarence's nails. Marty has blood streaming down his face from his nose and onto his shirt.
22) 15) dialog: (to Marty) You okay? That stupid dumb-ass didn't break your nose, did he?
22) 17) dialog: (to Clarence) You see what you get when you fuck wit' me, white boy? You're gonna walk in my goddamn house, my house! Gonna come in here and tell me! Takin' that smack in front of my employees. Shit! Your ass mus' be crazy. (to Marty) I don't think this white boy's got good sense. Hey, Marty. (laughing) He must o' thought it was white boy day. It ain't white boy day, is it?
22) 19) dialog: (to Clarence) Shit, man, you don't fucked up again. Next time you Bogart your way into a nigger's crib and get all in his face, make sure you do it on white boy day. 38.
22) 21) dialog: Fuck you! My mother was Apache! Drexl kicks him again. Clarence curls up. Drexl bends down and looks for Clarence's wallet in his jacket. Clarence still can't do much. The kick to his balls still has him down. Drexl finds the wallet and pulls it out. He flips it open to the driver's license.
22) 22) dialog: Well, well, well, looky what we got here. Clarence Worley. Sounds almost like a nigger name. (to Clarence) Hey, dummy. He puts his foot on Clarence's chest.
22) 24) dialog: Before you brought your dumb ass through the door, I didn't know shit. I just chalked it up to au revoir, Alabama. But because you think you're some macho motherfucker, I know who she's with. You. I know who you are, Clarence Worley. And I know where you live, 4900 116th Street, apartment 48. And I'll make a million dollar bet Alabama's at the same address. Marty, take the car and go get ‘er. Bring her dumb ass back here.
22) 26) dialog: (to Marty) I'll keep lover boy here entertained. (MORE )
22) 28) dialog: (to Clarence) You know the first thing I think I'll do when she gets here? I think I'll make her suck my dick and I'll come all in her face. I mean it ain't nuttin' new. She's done it before. But I want you as an audience. (hollering to Marty) Marty, what the fuck are you doing?
22) 30) dialog: Look in the hamper. Linda's been dumpin' everybody's stray clothes there lately. While Drexl has his attention turned to Marty, Clarence reaches into his sock and pulls out the .38. He sticks the barrel between Drexl's legs. Drexl, who's standing over Clarence, looks down just in time to see Clarence pull the trigger and BLOW his balls to bits. Tiny spots of blood speckle Clarence's face. Drexl shrieks in horror and pain and falls to the ground.