2) 2) text: I love that scene where after he's made it big he's throwing a big cocktail party, and all these highborws are there, and he's singing, 'Baby You're So Square... Baby, I Don't Care.' Now, they got him dressed like a dick. He's wearing these stupid lookin' pants, this horrible sweater. Elvis ain't no sweater boy. I even think they got him wearin' penny loafers. Despite all that shit, all the highbrows at the party, big house, stupid clothes, he's still a rude lookin' motherfucker. I'd watch that hillbilly and I'd want to be him so bad. Elvis looked good. I'm no fag, but Elvis was good lookin'. He was fuckin' prettier than most women. I always said if I ever had to fuck a guy... I mean had to cuz my life depended on it... I'd fuck Elvis. Lucy takes a drag from her cigarette.
11) 0) text: Clarence's bedroom is a pop culture explosion. Movie posters, pictures of Elvis, anything you can imagine. The sweaty lovebirds are soaking in a post-passion hot bath. By the look of the comfort they share, it would be hard to imagine that they met not five hours ago.
16) 1) dialog: Well? Can you live with it? Clarence turns and sees that the voice belongs to ELVIS PRESLEY. Clarence isn't surprised to see him. 29.
16) 3) dialog: Can you live with it?
16) 5) dialog: With that sonofabitch walkin' around breathin' the same air as you? And gettin' away with it every day. Are you haunted?
16) 7) dialog: You wanna get unhaunted?
16) 9) dialog: Then shoot ‘em. Shoot ‘em in the face. And feed that boy to the dogs.
16) 11) dialog: I ain't tellin' ya nothin’. I'm just sayin' what I'd do.
16) 13) dialog: He don't got no right to live.
16) 15) dialog: I don't blame you.
16) 17) dialog: Killin' 'em's the hard part. Gettin' away with it is the easy part. Whaddya think the cops do when a pimp's killed? Burn the midnight oil tryin' to find who done it? They couldn't give a flyin' fuck if all the pimps in the whole wide world took two in the back of the fuckin' head. If you don't get caught at the scene with the smokin' gun in your hand, you got away with it. Clarence looks at Elvis.
16) 18) dialog: Clarence, I like ya. Always have, always will.
19) 0) text: It's pretty late at night. Clarence steps out of his red Mustang. He's right smack dab in the middle of a bad place to be in the daytime. He checks his pulse on his neck, it's beating like a race horse. To pump himself up, he does a quick Elvis Presley gyration.
65) 1) text: Clarence is waiting for his order. He notices a CUSTOMER reading a copy of Newsweek with Elvis on the cover.
114) 1) text: Clarence steps inside the bathroom and shuts the door. As soon as it's shut, he starts doing the twist. He can't believe he pulled it off. He goes to the toilet and starts taking a piss. 119. He hears the RHYTHMIC SNAPPING of a FINGER. He turns and sees the extreme closeup of Elvis' hand.
114) 2) dialog: Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya. You were cooler than cool.
116) 1) text: Clarence and Elvis.
116) 3) dialog: Are you kiddin'? He loves you.
116) 5) dialog: You're telling him what he wants to hear, but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass.
116) 7) dialog: That's why it don't come across as ass kissin', because it's genuine and he can see that. Elvis fixes Clarence's collar.
116) 8) dialog: I like ya, Clarence. Always have.