36) 23) dialog: Boss, get ready to get happy.
77) 0) text: Detroit. Very fancy restaurant. Four wise guys, FRANKIE, LENNY, DARIO and MARVIN, are seated at a table with Mr. Coccotti. 95. CoccoTtrTi -- And so, tomorrow morning comes, and no Virgil. I check with Nick Cardella, who Virgil was supposed to leave my narcotics with, he never shows. Now, children, somebody is stickin' a red hot poker up my asshole and what I don't know is whose hand's on the handle.
77) 3) dialog: Virgil got picked up ina warehouse shakedown. He got five years, he served three. CoccoTtrTi Anybody who clams up and does his time, I don't care how I feel about him personally, he's okay.
77) 26) dialog: Excuse me, Mister Coccotti, (to Marvin) Do you know Nick Cardella?
77) 28) dialog: Then where the hell do you get off talkin' that kind of talk --?
77) 30) dialog: Shut your mouth. Nick Cardella was provin' what his word was worth before you were in your daddy's nutsack. What sun do you walk under you can throw a shadow on Nick Cardella? Nick Cardella's a stand up guy. CcoccoTtrTi Children, we're digressing. Another possibility is that rat fuck whore and her wack-a-doo cowboy boyfriend out-aped Virgil. Knowing Virgil, I find that hard to believe. But they sent Drexl to hell, and Drexl was no faggot. So you see, children, I got a lot of questions and no answers. Find out who this wing and prayer artist is and take him off at the neck.
81) 0) text: Lenny can be seen putting a shotgun together. He is sitting on a bed. Toothpick Vic ENTERS the FRAME with his own shotgun. He goes over to Lenny and gives him some shells. Marvin walks THROUGH the FRAME cocking his own shotgun. The bathroom door opens behind Lenny and Frankie walks out twirling a couple of .45 automatics in his hands. cut TO: 102.
100) 3) dialog: Are you Dick Ritchie? 111.
100) 5) dialog: Do you know a Clarence Worley?
100) 7) dialog: Do you know where we can find him?
100) 9) dialog: Where's that?
106) 4) dialog: (quietly, to the others) What was that guy's name?
106) 7) dialog: (as he stuffs a hundred dollar bill into his pocket) Yeah, we're from Warner Brothers. What room is Mr. Donowitz in?
115) 14) dialog: Who are you guys?
119) 0) text: Alabama is still crawling toward Clarence. The suitcase full of cocaine is beside Dick. Dick grabs it and tosses it in the air. Marvin comes from behind the sofa and FIRES. The suitcase is hit in mid-air and white powder goes everywhere. The room is enveloped in cocaine. Dick takes this as his cue and makes a dash out of the door. An IA officer goes after him. Lenny makes a break for it. Wurlitzer goes after him, but is pinned down by Marvin. Alabama reaches Clarence. (CONTINUED )
121) 6) dialog: Lotsa luck! Lenny dives into the elevator car. Dick jumps into the other. cut TO:
123) 0) text: Lenny is holding a woman hostage with the shotgun held to her head. 128. Fifteen COPS, all with their guns aimed at Lenny, are trying to talk him out of it. The lobby is a scene of total chaos.
123) 2) dialog: (yelling) Fuck you! I'll blow this bitch's brains to kingdom come!
123) 4) dialog: I said fuck you! I want a car here, takin' me to the airport, with a plane full o' gas... and a million bucks! (pauses) Small bills. At another part of the lobby the elevator doors open up. Clarence and Alabama hobble out. Amid all the chaos nobody (miraculously) notices... or cares to notice... Clarence and Alabama as they slowly walk out. Just before they're out of the building the police OPEN FIRE on Lenny and yank the woman away from him. People scream. Alabama and Clarence slip out the door and into the parking lot.