51) 0) text: Virgil's knocking on Dick's door. FLOYD, Dick's roommate, answers.
51) 1) dialog: Hello, is Dick Ritchie here?
51) 3) dialog: Do you live here?
51) 5) dialog: Sorta roommates?
51) 7) dialog: Maybe you can help me. Actually, who I'm looking for is a friend of ours from Detroit. Clarence Worley? I heard he was in town. Might be traveling with a pretty girl named Alabama. Have you seen him? Are they stayin' here?
51) 9) dialog: How do you know? You been there?
51) 11) dialog: You're right. It is.
60) 0) text: She steps in only to find Virgil sitting in a chair placed in front of the door with a sawed-off shotgun aimed right at her.
60) 1) dialog: (calmly) Step inside and shut the door. She doesn't move, she's frozen. Virgil leans forward.
60) 2) dialog: (calmly) Lady, I'm gonna shoot you in the face. She does exactly as he says. Virgil rises, still aiming the sawed-off.
60) 3) dialog: Step away from the door, more into the room. She does. He puts the shotgun down on the chair, then steps closer to her. 81.
60) 4) dialog: Okay, Alabama, where's our coke, where's Clarence, and when's he coming back.
60) 6) dialog: You're cute. Virgil jumps up and does a mid-air kung fu kick which catches Alabama square in the face lifting her off of the ground and dropping her flat on her back.
62) 0) text: Alabama's lying flat. She actually blacked out for a moment, but the salty taste of the blood in her mouth woke her up. She opens her eyes and sees Virgil standing there, smiling. She closes them, hoping it's a dream. They open again to the same sight. She has never felt more helpless in her life.
62) 1) dialog: Hurts, don't it. You ain't hurt that bad. Get on our feet, Fruitloop. Alabama wobbily complies. 82.
62) 2) dialog: Where's our coke? Where's Clarence? And when's he comin' back? Alabama looks in Virgil's eyes and realizes that without a doubt she's going to die, because this man is going to kill her.
62) 4) dialog: Whatsamatta? Can't breathe? Get used to it.
64) 0) text: Alabama is violently thrown into a corner of the room. She braces herself against the walls. She is very punchy. Virgil steps in front of her. 83.
64) 1) dialog: You think your boyfriend would go through this kind of shit for you? Dream on, cunt. You're nothin' but a fuckin' fool. And your pretty face is gonna turn awful goddamn ugly in about two seconds. Now where's my fuckin' coke?! She doesn't answer. He delivers a spinning roundhouse kick, to the head. Her head slams into the left side of the wall.
64) 2) dialog: Where's Clarence?! Nothing. He gives her another kick to the head. This time from the other side. Her legs start to give way. He catches her and throws her back. He slaps her lightly in the face to revive her, she looks at him.
64) 3) dialog: When's Clarence getting back? She can barely raise her arm, but she somehow manages, and she gives him the middle finger. Virgil can't help but smile.
64) 4) dialog: You gotta lot of heart, kid. He gives her a spinning roundhouse kick to the head that sends her to the floor.
66) 0) text: Alabama's pretty beat-up. She has a fat lip and her face is black and blue. She's crawling around on the floor. Virgil is tearing the place apart looking for the cocaine He's also carrying on a running commentary. 85.
66) 1) dialog: Now the first guy you kill is always the hardest. I don't care if you're the Boston Strangler or Wyatt Earp. You can bet that Texas boy, Charles Whitman, the fella who shot all them guys from that tower, I'll bet you green money that, that first little black dot that he took a bead on, was the bitch of the bunch. No foolin', the first one's a tough row to hoe. Now, the second one, while it ain't no Mardigra, it ain't half as tough as the first. You still feel somethin’ but it's just so diluted this time around. Then you completely level off on the third one. The third one is easy. It's gotten to the point now I'll do it just to watch their expression change. He's tearing the motel room up in general. Then he flips the mattress up off the bed, and the black suitcase is right there. Alabama is crawling unnoticed to where her purse lay. Virgil flips open the black case and almost goes snowblind.
66) 2) dialog: Well, well, well, looky here. I guess I just reached journey's end. Great. One less thing I gotta worry about. Virgil closes up the case. Alabama sifts through her purse. She pulls out her Swiss army knife, opens it up, Virgil turns toward her.
66) 3) dialog: Okay, Sugarpop, we've come to what I like to call the moment of truth -- Alabama slowly rises clutching the thrust out knife in both hands. Mr. karate man smiles.
66) 4) dialog: Kid, you gotta lot a heart. He moves toward her. Alabama's hands are shaking. 86.
66) 5) dialog: Tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna give you a free swing. Now, I only do that for people I like. He moves close. Alabama's eyes study him. He grabs the front of his shirt and rips it open. Buttons fly everywhere.
66) 6) dialog: Go ahead, girl, take a stab at it. (giggling) ; You don't have anything to lose.
66) 9) dialog: Okay, no more mister nice-guy. Alabama picks up the hotel TV and tosses it to him. He instinctively catches it, and with his arms full of television, Alabama cold-cocks him with her fist in his nose, breaking it. 87. Her eyes go straight to the door, then they go to the sawed-off shotgun by the door. She runs to it, bends over the chair for the gun. Virgil's left foot kicks her in the back sending her flying over the chair and smashing into the door. Virgil furiously throws the chair out of the way and stands over Alabama. Alabama's lying on the ground laughing. Virgil has killed a lot of people, but not a one of them has ever laughed before he did it.
66) 10) dialog: What's so funny?!!
66) 12) dialog: Laugh it up, cunt. You were in hysterics a minute ago. Why ain't you laughing now. Alabama laying in the bathtub grabs a small bottle of hotel shampoo and squeezes it out in her hand. Virgil reaches in the shower and grabs hold of her hair. Alabama rubs the shampoo in his face. He lets go of her and his hands go to his eyes.
66) 13) dialog: Oh Jesus! She grabs a hold of a hefty piece of broken glass and plunges it into his face.
66) 14) dialog: Oh Mary, help me! The battered and bruised and bloody Alabama emerges from the shower. She's clutching a big, bloody piece of broken glass. She's vaguely reminiscent of the Tasmanian Devil. Poor Virgil can't see very well, but he sees the figure coming towards him. He lets out a wild haymaker that catches her in the jaw and knocks her into the toilet. She recovers almost immediately and takes the porcelain lid off of the back of the toilet tank. 88. Virgil whips out a .45 AUTOMATIC from his shoulder holster, just as Alabama brings the lid down on his head. He's pressed up against the wall with this toilet lid hitting him. He can't get a good shot in this tight environment, but he FIRES anyway, hitting the floor, the wall, the toilet, and the sink. The toilet LID finally SHATTERS against Virgil's head. Virgil falls to the ground. Alabama goes to the medicine cabinet and whips out a big can of Final Net hairspray, pulls a Bic lighter out of her pocket, and just as Virgil raises his gun at her, she flicks the Bic and sends a stream of hairspray through the flame, which results in a big ball of fire that hits Virgil right in the face. He FIRES off TWO SHOTS. One which hits the wall, another that hits the sink pipe, sending water spraying. Upon getting his face fried Virgil screams and jumps up, knocking Alabama down, and runs out of the bathroom. Virgil collapses onto the floor of the living room. Then, he sees the sawed-off laying on the ground. He crawls toward it. Alabama, in the bathroom, sees where he's heading. She picks up the .45 automatic and fires at him. It's empty. She's on her feet and into the room. He reaches the shotgun, his hands grasp it. Alabama spots and picks up the bloody Swiss army knife. She takes a knife-first-running-dive at Virgil's back. She hits him. He arches up, FIRING the SAWED-OFF into the ceiling, dropping the gun, and sending a cloud of plaster and stucco all over the room. Alabama snatches the shotgun. Arched over on his back Virgil's eyes make contact with Alabama's eyes. The FIRST BLAST hits him in the shoulder, almost tearing his arm off. The SECOND hits him in the knee. The THIRD plays hell with his chest. Alabama then runs at him, hitting him in the head with the butt of the shotgun. Ever since she's been firing it's as if some other part of her brain has been functioning independently. She's been absent-mindedly saying the prayer of Saint Francis. 89.
77) 0) text: Detroit. Very fancy restaurant. Four wise guys, FRANKIE, LENNY, DARIO and MARVIN, are seated at a table with Mr. Coccotti. 95. CoccoTtrTi -- And so, tomorrow morning comes, and no Virgil. I check with Nick Cardella, who Virgil was supposed to leave my narcotics with, he never shows. Now, children, somebody is stickin' a red hot poker up my asshole and what I don't know is whose hand's on the handle.
79) 0) text: Dick, Clarence and Alabama are just getting ready to leave for the drug deal. Floyd lies on the couch watching TV. Alabama's wearing dark glasses to hide some of the damage caused by Virgil.