2) 0) text: Eric bolts up in bed.  Next to him, ANNE MARIE GAUVIN sit up and hugs him.  All that can be seen of her in the dark a lovely silhouette and a cascade of dark hair.  After a moment, Eric kisses her.  He shakes off the dream and lie back down.
3) 14) text: The tranquilizer dart finds its mark in the wolf's fleshy shoulder.  The wolf takes off running, but almost immediately slows, sits, then lies down. Eric and Anne Marie hurry over to the wolf, who is breath deeply.  Eric kneels next to him and strokes his thick fu
3) 17) text: Anne Marie passes to Eric a tiny, weatherproof homing dev attached to a steel collar band.  Eric puts the collar loosely around the wolf's neck and crimps it in place, al the while TALKING soothingly to the semi-conscious animal Anne Marie smiles at Eric's tenderness and snaps some photos. With the collar in place and transmitter activated, Eric backs away while the wolf tries to rouse itself from its narcosis.
3) 21) dialog: Be right back.  I left my camcorder in the car.
3) 27) text: Anne Marie opens the hatchback and grabs a video camera.
3) 29) text: Anne Marie is taping the wolf's retreat.  Looking through the viewfinder, she crosses a gully between a pipeline piling and a rock formation.  Eric turns toward her and a glint of light in the debris at her feet catches his eye.
3) 35) text: Eric runs over.  He pokes at the object with a stick.  Wi a SNAP, a steel leg trap chomps the stick in half.  Anne Marie jumps back.  Eric brushes the dead leaves on the ground behind her and she carefully backtracks out of the gully.
3) 46) dialog: What are you doing?
3) 53) text: He jumps into the Scout.  Anne Marie stuffs her cameras i the hatchback.  As soon as she climbs in, Eric tears out.
7) 0) text: Eric stomps on the gas.  The dust from the jeep obscures view but he's gaining on them anyway.  Anne Marie hangs o and squints her eyes against the choking dust.
10) 0) text: Eric opens his door.  To Anne Marie:
10) 4) dialog: Be careful -- there're two of them.
10) 5) text: Eric reaches in the back seat and hands something to Anne Marie.
15) 0) text: Anne Marie's hands are shaking as she pulls the plastic tranquilizer rifle back in the window.
15) 5) dialog: (unnerved) Great idea -- pointing a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high-powered hunting rifle.
26) 0) text: The winds have died down.  The rain has turned to a light snow. A mobile arctic dwelling sits on a rise next to the Haul Road.  It's a double-unit weathertight cocoon of fibergla and aluminum, pulled by a diesel rig on oversized tires. The front module is 12 by 24, the rear 12 by 18. An extended-cab pickup pulls up and Sam Wilder gets out. The gravel-and-dirt Haul Road, paralleling the pipeline f 400 miles, is closed to the public.  An arriving vehicle, therefore, is news.  The front door of the dwelling opens Eric and Anne Marie come outside, delighted to see Wilder
26) 9) dialog: (to Wilder) I bet you haven't had lunch.
26) 14) text: Anne Marie shoots a look at Eric but doesn't disagree -- this is obviously an issue with them.  Wilder looks with amusement at the mobile dwelling.
26) 20) dialog: I call it 'the Turtle,' as in carrying your home on your back.
26) 24) dialog: (laughs) The little creep hates it that Eric actually does what the company hired him to do.
27) 0) text: Everything seems peaceful enough.  The SOS fire (made fro burning green branches for white smoke and rubber for bla smoke) has burnt down to embers. Eric, Anne Marie and Wilder pull up in Wilder's pickup. The two Sportsmen sit in the front seat of the Land Rover but they don't react to the arrival of the rescuers.  In back seat, a reflective camping blanket covers a large ma Something is amiss.  Eric shoots a look of trepidation at Anne Marie as they get out of the pickup.   Wilder pulls door of the Land Rover open. A Sportsman slumps out onto the ground.  His eyes are ope and his tongue pokes out between his lips.  His skin is blue-white. (He looks, in fact, much like Eric's nightmar Startled, Eric steps back.  Anne Marie gasps with horror. Wilder unzips the Sportsman's light windbreaker and liste for a heartbeat.  Nothing.
27) 4) dialog: It's not even winter!
27) 17) text: Anne Marie opens the back door of the Land Rover.  She pu back the camping blanket... and uncovers the third Sportsman.  The torn red flesh on his head and his bugged-out eyes are a hideous sight. Anne Marie SCREAMS and stumbles away.
28) 16) dialog: Thank God.  You can arrest him.
28) 26) dialog: Eric, leave it alone.  It's not your business.
37) 0) text: Nylon storage netting along the ceiling holds Eric's research equipment and Anne Marie's photographic supplies In one corner of the Turtle are several of her black and white prints.  All are of man-made objects whose presence juxtaposed with the natural surroundings. Relieved he's home in one piece, Anne Marie meets Eric at the door and kisses him.  Carrying a brown-paper-wrapped package, Eric follows her into the kitchen, where she's preparing dinner.
37) 2) dialog: Did you catch Corbett?
37) 6) dialog: Was there any trouble?
37) 10) dialog: Going after killers isn't the same as chasing poachers, Eric.
37) 17) dialog: Oh, sweetheart.  It's beautiful!
37) 21) dialog: I'll wear it for you.  And I can wear it when we go home.  We won't be here forever.
37) 25) dialog: That's not what I meant.
37) 29) dialog: Look, why get into this again. As long as it's working, let's leave it alone.  It's been nice so far.  We're together --
37) 33) dialog: (sighs) Do I want to be with you permanently?  Yes, I think I do. But be with what you do and the way you live?  That I don't know. C'mon, Eric, until I met you, coming back to Alaska was totally out of the question for me.  But I'm here.  I'm getting great pictures, and I'm having fun. (slips her arms around him) I love you. (kisses him) So shut up and let's eat.
43) 0) text: Anne Marie sits on the floor, editing one of her VIDEOTAP On the monitor, it SHOWS footage of the traps under the pipeline piling.  Eric comes out of the back module holdi two ELT pendants.  He glances over at the monitor and nod approvingly.
43) 2) dialog: I still can't believe I'm being financed by an oil company. Especially when they get a look at these pictures.  Technology in the wilderness; not too pretty. (re ELTs) What's that?
43) 5) text: Eric activates the ELT's.  They emit an SOS pattern of ra waves -- three short, three long and three short.  This i visible as rhythmic INTERFERENCE on Anne Marie's video MONITOR.
43) 12) dialog: Winter.  Two straight months of night -- we may never get out of bed. (kisses him) Which would suit me fine.
43) 16) dialog: Not me.  I'm equipped.
43) 19) dialog: (continuing) Allow me to give you a practical demonstration of low-light infrared photography...
43) 22) dialog: (continuing) High-tech in the wilderness. Gets me excited, too.
46) 0) text: Eric and Anne Marie are asleep.  Eric starts awake at the sound of a high-pitched vehicle HORN and an approaching ENGINE.
48) 0) text: Eric, Wilder and Corbett sit in the front module.  Anne Marie, nervous, wearing a down robe, serves coffee.  She stares at Corbett, trying to reconcile his quiet demeanor with what she saw that afternoon.  Corbett smiles at Eric
48) 20) text: Eric takes Anne Marie to the rear module, leaving Wilder with his prisoner.
51) 0) text: Eric rushes in.  The outside door is open and Wilder lies the floor.   His holster is empty.  Anne Marie comes in a crosses to Wilder. Eric pulls a floor trap door open and digs through the company-issue equipment, coming up with a huge Remington bolt-action bear rifle.  Unfamiliar with weapons, Eric te open a box of shells and fumbles to load the rifle.
53) 0) text: Eric leads Corbett in.  Anne Marie is cradling Wilder's head. She's crying.  Eric looks at Wilder.  There is bloo coming from his ear and he's fading fast.
58) 0) text: Corbett's right hand is still handcuffed to the wall unit Terrified about being alone with Corbett, Anne Marie cautiously puts a cup of coffee in front of him.
58) 4) dialog: (after a beat) Six months.
58) 11) dialog: Six months this time.  I was born in the Aleutians.
58) 14) text: Anne Marie doesn't want to talk to a killer, but Corbett so soft-spoken and charming that she answers despite herself.
58) 16) dialog: My dad was a Navy doctor.
58) 20) dialog: Had?
58) 24) dialog: Oh.
58) 28) dialog: How did she..?
58) 35) text: Anne Marie shudders.  Smiling good-naturedly, Corbett loo around, spotting the package Anne Marie's new dress came
58) 39) dialog: That's why I left, moved to Washington.  When I met Eric I was doing day shoots -- products and fashion, mostly.  Pretty dull.  Eric was teaching college, and then he got the job with Northland Oil.  We wanted to stay together, so we talked them into funding some wilderness photography... and here I am.
58) 46) dialog: I don't want to talk any more.
58) 53) dialog: -- Don't ever think you can buy Eric off, Mr. Corbett --
58) 56) text: Eric comes in, none too thrilled about Anne Marie chattin with Corbett.
58) 58) dialog: (translating) Outsider.
58) 59) text: He carefully stuffs Wilder's magnum in his belt and ignor Anne Marie's disparaging look as he does.
58) 63) dialog: Wait a second.
59) 0) text: Anne Marie leads Eric out of earshot from Corbett.  Eric keeps a cautious eye on him.
59) 2) dialog: Maybe you should drive him into Devil's Cauldron, let them decide what to do with him.
59) 9) dialog: That's my line.
96) 0) text: Trying to keep busy, Anne Marie develops some prints in t darkroom she's made from the front bathroom.  She glances her watch and sighs, her mind on Eric's overdue return.
97) 0) text: Anne Marie comes out of the darkroom and hangs the prints to dry.  Outside, (OS), a car HORN blares a couple of tim Grinning, she runs to the door.
98) 0) text: Meyerling's Dodge truck pulls up.  Anne Marie comes outsi Her smile wilts when she sees it's not Eric.  As Meyerlin climbs the embankment to the Turtle, he glances at Wilder snowmobile parked alongside the Turtle.
98) 3) text: He pushes past Anne Marie and goes into the Turtle.
98) 5) dialog: Have you talked to Eric?
98) 9) dialog: I was hoping you had some news --
98) 13) dialog: -- Corbett's a killer.
98) 19) text: Anne Marie just glares at him.  Meyerling examines the damaged shortwave.
98) 23) dialog: The radio's on the fritz.
98) 27) dialog: Somewhere along the pipeline.
98) 31) dialog: Sam?  We haven't seen him.
98) 35) dialog: (blanching) Why?
98) 38) text: Noting Anne Marie's distressed reaction to this news, he crosses to the door.
107) 0) text: Anne Marie is frantic with worry.  She has the AM/FM RADI on for company.
107) 3) text: Anne Marie tunes the radio to "Pipeline of the North" on KIAK.
107) 9) text: Suddenly, a BUMP rocks the Turtle.  Someone is outside. Startled, Anne Marie turns the lights off and looks out t window. No sign of a vehicle or a person.  As she pulls on her parka, she glances at the big rifle leaning against the wall, but doesn't touch it.
108) 0) text: Her visitor, whoever it is, is behind the Turtle.  Anne Marie cautiously rounds the corner and stops dead.
108) 1) text: A foraging GRIZZLY sniffs around, attracted by the smell fresh carrion -- Wilder.  Eight feet tall and eleven-hund pounds, it's used to having its way.  Right now, it's hungry. With a casual swipe of its paw, its massive claws punctur the Turtle's aluminum skin, popping open the door of the utility compartment.  The bear pokes its head inside, and Wilder's body slumps out into the snow.  The bear pushes the corpse with its snout.  Salivating, it prepares to di in. Anne Marie looks around, wondering what the hell to do nE Wilder's snowmobile is a few yards behind her, parked against the side of the Turtle.  She inches toward it. Testily, the bear looks up, SNIFFING loudly. Keeping her eyes on the bear, Anne Marie feels for the snowmobile ignition keys.  They're not there.  She feels around inside the saddlebags and finds three emergency ro flares. Anne Marie IGNITES the flares.  They illuminate the area with an eerie reddish glow.  She YELLS at the bear, wield the flares like Excalibur and moves forward. The bear, reluctant to leave so hearty a pre-hibernation meal, GROWLS and cocks its head back and forth to assess threat.  As Anne Marie inches ahead, the bear stands on h legs to its full height to meet the challenge.
108) 12) text: The bear gets a muzzle full of the stuff.  HOWLING unhappily, it backs away, GRUNTING and SNEEZING.  Greatly offended, its appetite gone, it lopes into the forest. Anne Marie squirms out from under the Turtle and, gagging from the horrible smell, pulls off her wet parka.
109) 0) text: Wearing one of Eric's coats, Anne Marie stands in the cen of three similarly-sized trees.  A FLARE supplies the lig The big Remington rifle leans against the tree closest to her. She tosses one end of a hundred feet of nylon rope over a sturdy tree branch twenty-five feet from the ground.  The she throws the other end over an opposing branch and stretches the rope like a clothesline.
113) 5) dialog: (grinning) It's about time...
114) 0) text: Anne Marie brushes her hair and makes herself presentable
116) 0) text: Anne Marie peers out the window.  She gasps as she recognizes the jeep.  Ducking from sight below the window she grabs Eric's coat and hurries into the rear module.
118) 0) text: Anne Marie remembers something she should've taken with h the rifle.  Too late.  She hears Viking Bob's FOOTSTEPS ( come up the wooden stairs outside.
120) 0) text: Anne Marie climbs out a window in the back.  She closes i behind her just as Viking Bob pokes his head in the rear module. The trappers snoop around, noticing that the coffee pot i still warm, etc.  The emptiness is ominous.  LeMalle pick up the big Remington bear rifle.  He opens the breech to determine if it's loaded, and sniffs the barrel to see if
121) 1) text: In the back, Anne Marie drags an evergreen tree branch behind her to cover her tracks in the snow, then climbs i the utility compartment where Wilder's body was stored. A moment later, LeMalle comes around the corner.  He noti bear tracks and scat from the prior night's visit.
123) 0) text: Anne Marie jams herself behind a pile of her photo equipment.  She stops as she hears the trappers' boots (O CRUNCH in the snow past her and go inside the Turtle.
125) 8) text: LeMalle jumps back, startled, and pulls out his knife. tries the door again.  It WRENCHES open... ...He's looking at his own face in one of Anne Marie's mirrored photo reflector boards. Letting his breath out, LeMalle pokes around the equipmen in the compartment.  Ever larcenous, he pulls a few items out, examines them, and, disinterested, leaves them in th snow.  Doing so, he comes close to uncovering Anne Marie, who sits motionless and terrified in the back of the compartment. Nothing in the compartment catches LeMalle's fancy.  Leav the door hanging open, he wanders away.
126) 0) text: After he's gone, Anne Marie reaches over and closes the door.  She can hear the trappers' (OS) CONVERSATION insid
126) 3) text: Sighing, Anne Marie stuffs her hands inside her parka and tries to get comfortable.  It's going to be a long night.
136) 0) text: As soon as the SOUND of the jeep fades away, Anne Marie clambers out of the utility compartment.  Haggard and num with cold, she helplessly watches as the fire ravenously devours the rear module.  Shielding her face from the flames, Anne Marie reaches under the accordion cover betw the modules.  With great effort, she unbolts the coupling bracket.
137) 0) text: Anne Marie STARTS the engine, SLAMS it into gear, and lurches the front module away from the burning rear modul She shuts the motor off and, trying to hold back the tear watches the rear module BURNING.
158) 5) text: It's Anne Marie.  She gasps.  Seeing Eric, she's more ang than relieved.  Eric puts the gun back in his waistband.
158) 7) dialog: Eric!  Why aren't you in Fairbanks?
158) 10) dialog: (continuing) Oh, Christ, sweetheart.  Four days!  I thought you were dead, or worse.
158) 14) dialog: (stung by his coolness) What's going on?
158) 18) dialog: Where's Corbett?
158) 22) dialog: So what's the problem?
158) 28) text: Anne Marie grasps the situation with a sickening clarity.
158) 30) dialog: Let the people here handle it. It's their marshal Corbett killed!
158) 36) dialog: I'm staying.
159) 0) text: Anne Marie waits in front as Eric hobbles up.  She looks his bad ankle.
159) 2) dialog: You're hurt.
160) 3) text: Seeing Anne Marie, he smiles.
160) 10) text: This comment has the intended effect on Anne Marie.  Angr Eric throws Corbett a coat.  Corbett puts it on.  Reachin through the bars, Eric cuffs Corbett's hands together.
160) 13) text: As they exit, Corbett's sardonic look makes Anne Marie shiver.
161) 0) text: The ten-by-ten cabin is furnished with two sagging cots, beat-up color TV set, a cookstove and a half-drum heat stove.  Built into the rear wall is a rustic dumb waiter that once lowered perishables into the icy waters of a now-dry stream. Eric checks his watch.  6:15 AM.  He bolts the door and blocks the windows, opening one enough to let sound in fr outside.  He extinguishes the Benman lantern and douses t fire in the heat stove so no smoke will emit from the chimney.  Anne Marie slumps into the corner next to the d waiter.
165) 0) text: Hearing the shots, Eric pushes Anne Marie against the flo Cautioning her to stay put, he crawls to the window and tries to see through the snowfall.  After a moment of silence, from outside, not too far away:
167) 6) text: Anne Marie bites her lip and tries to maintain a brave front.  Despite the gun in his face, Corbett remains calm
169) 0) text: Eric pulls Corbett away from the window.  He shoots a loo at Anne Marie.  They're in a bind and she knows it.
171) 11) text: Anne Marie tries to hide how tempted she is by Corbett's offer.
171) 13) dialog: (to Eric) He's right about the snow.  We're blind.
172) 0) text: Using the cover of the snowfall, Anne Marie circles aroun the outside edge of town toward Wilder's cabin.  She take some of her photo gear from the snowmobile.
173) 0) text: Unaware of Anne Marie's maneuver, the trappers wait for a response from Corbett.  None comes.  Viking Bob places a calming hand on LeMalle's shoulder.
174) 0) text: With a camera bag slung over her shoulder, Anne Marie cli up the metal antenna tower behind Neff's house on the edg of town. She grits her teeth and fights back a wave of vertigo. The ground disappears from sight, hidden by the snow and fog. Fifty feet up, she attaches her infrared video camera to tower crossbars and, using a length of coaxial cable, hoo its RF output to the feedline of the community TV antenna
176) 2) text: Anne Marie crouches behind a tree, twenty feet behind LeMalle.  After a moment, she tiptoes back toward the ren cabin.
177) 0) text: Eric and Corbett turn as Anne Marie's camera bag suddenly drops from the dumb waiter shaft.  Anne Marie wriggles ba inside.  Before Eric can say anything, she puts her finge over his mouth.  She turns on the TV set and tunes it to channel 3.
177) 9) dialog: (nods) Technology in the wilderness. Only problem is talking to you on your way to the landing strip.
177) 12) text: He digs through Anne Marie's bag of equipment and supplie then stops and looks up.  Outside, there is an OS SOUND t is felt before it is HEARD.  The cargo PLANE approaches i the distance.
179) 0) text: Eric quietly pulls the door open.  Holding the pistol to Corbett's head, he pushes Corbett out in front of him. Anne Marie and Eric exchange a long look.  Fighting back tears, she reaches up and touches his face.
179) 4) dialog: My home is here.  With you.
179) 5) text: He smiles.  Then he and Corbett are gone, lost from sight the snowfall.   After a beat, Anne Marie takes a deep bre and slinks away in the other direction, toward the dance hall.
179) 11) text: The trappers turn to the SOUND, heard under the RUMBLE of the still-distant plane.  Converging, they head in that direction.  Suddenly, Anne Marie's VOICE booms through th town:
179) 13) dialog: (over PA) They're moving toward you!
180) 0) text: Anne Marie has turned on the rusty TV near the pulpit. While watching the infrared IMAGE of the action outside, holds the microphone wired to the old PA.
180) 3) dialog: (over PA) They're fanning out.
182) 0) text: Watching the TV screen, Anne Marie sees one of the red bl change direction and head toward her.
182) 2) dialog: (into mic) One is moving back toward the cabins.
184) 0) text: The TV PICTURE disappears as the power dies.  Anne Marie keys the PA microphone; it's dead, too.
189) 0) text: Anne Marie zips up her parka and cautiously goes outside.
196) 0) text: Anne Marie scurries by on her way to the airstrip. Suddenly, the hot springs door bursts open and LeMalle lunges at her.  Stripped of his wet clothes, he's wrapped
196) 5) dialog: (gasping) Don't make me shoot.
196) 8) dialog: (continuing) We're going to Sam's cabin.  You can stay in the jail until this is over.
196) 9) text: LeMalle slowly crouches down for his rifle.  Anne Marie wields the handgun at him, but he doesn't stop.
196) 12) text: Taunting, sneering, LeMalle stares her down.  Anne Marie paralyzed.  Feeling that he's won, LeMalle wraps his bony fingers around the stock of the Remington. Anne Marie closes her eyes and FIRES.  Pulling the rifle close, LeMalle tucks and rolls and jumps to his feet.  An Marie FIRES again, and AGAIN.  Shot, LeMalle hobbles away leaving a trail of blood in the snow.  Numb, Anne Marie l her arm fall.
204) 1) text: Anne Marie slides onto the seat.
204) 3) dialog: You can't leave yet.
204) 6) text: Anne Marie points the .44 at him.
204) 10) dialog: Leave the engines idling.  Go back and open the side door.
206) 0) text: Anne Marie jumps down from the cockpit.  She and Eric lif Corbett into the plane.
208) 0) text: While Eric takes Corbett's handcuffs off, Anne Marie look at his wound.  He waves her away.
211) 0) text: Eric and Anne Marie watch from the door of the plane as Corbett limps across the runway toward the treeline.  As goes, his footprints are dusted over by the snow and wind Corbett stops, turns and looks back at Eric, then continu onward, disappearing into the forest.
212) 0) text: Eric wearily sits next to Anne Marie.  She kisses him. The Pilot glances over his shoulder and frowns.