30) 0) text: Corbett soaks in one of the huge wooden tubs with a pudgy Inupiat hooker, DIXIE. He looks up as Eric comes into the spa.  Eric holds Corbett's boots, which have been repaired.  Eric pauses w he sees Corbett.  There is a flash of recognition between them.
30) 18) text: Putting his hand on Dixie's shoulder, Corbett stands and gets out of the tub.  His sinewy body, resembling a scarecrow made of steel cable, is covered with scars.  He wraps a towel around his waist and crosses to Eric.
45) 8) text: No answer.  Viking Bob looks in the cab.  Kenai's passeng is Dixie, the Inupiat hooker.  Viking Bob grabs Kenai and pushes the barrel of the shotgun hard against his cheek.
145) 0) text: Outside the wind HOWLS.  Eric enters and walks into the hallway connecting the bath partitions.  A hand grabs his arm.  Startled, he turns around. It's Dixie, wearing a threadbare flannel robe.
145) 2) dialog: Earl says you get discount. Twenty-five dollar.
147) 0) text: Eric's ankle is in a resin cast.  His foot rests on a sto While waiting for the cast to set he soaks in the bathtub hot towel draped over his face.  Above him, on a wall bracket, a closed circuit TV plays a war-surplus PORNO FI The door CREAKS open and Dixie comes in.  She impassively checks his cast -- which is interesting, as she's now wearing panties, clog shoes and nothing else.  Eric takes the towel off his face and sits up, astonished.
147) 2) dialog: I wash your back for you.  You will like it.
147) 3) text: Before Eric can protest, the door OPENS again.  It's Meyerling.  He snaps his fingers at Dixie to shoo her and she scurries away.
162) 0) text: A pall hangs over the town.  People know to stay inside. Time crawls by. In his house, Neff, for once, has his TV turned off.  He tries to read and listens for sounds outside. In the spa, water DRIPS somewhere.  All the stalls are empty. In his sod house, Kenai looks out his one tiny window at curtain of snow.  Dixie comes up behind him and puts her hands on his shoulders.  He looks up at her, glum. In Wilder's empty cabin, his belongings are scattered abo as if expecting his imminent return. In the rental cabin, Eric checks his watch.  10:45 AM.
187) 0) text: The DRONE of the approaching plane is ever louder.  Kenai stands and pulls on a succession of sweaters.  Dixie look at him.
187) 2) dialog: Earl, it's crazy to go out there.