1) 0) text: Flying.  Not at the intangible height of a jet, but at spitting distance from the treetops.  We're in central Alaska, the Big Lonely, just north of the Arctic Circle. A thick forest follows the contours of mountain foothills like a deep-pile carpet.  Up at treeline the forest thins tundra, a grassy scruff turning red and yellow with the coming of autumn. On the horizon, the hills rise to meet the Endicott Mountains, a great fortress wall of granite so sharp and jagged that snow cannot stick to its face.  This is how a North America once looked -- raw, indomitable. Then, abruptly coming into the SCENE is a colossal etchin across the landscape too deliberate to be of natural orig Bisecting this country like a metallic ribbon -- or a sca depending on your point of view -- is the 800-mile-long Trans-Alaskan Pipeline. Even the immensity of the pipeline is rendered insignific by the vastness of the land.  It goes on, and on, and on.
1) 9) dialog: His face is a death mask: eyes half-open and dull, lips a purplish blue, bloodless skin crystallizing as it ices ov The wind HOWLS around him.  The snow sticks to his eyelas and hair without melting.
2) 0) text: Eric bolts up in bed.  Next to him, ANNE MARIE GAUVIN sit up and hugs him.  All that can be seen of her in the dark a lovely silhouette and a cascade of dark hair.  After a moment, Eric kisses her.  He shakes off the dream and lie back down.
3) 8) text: Eric walks quietly past the sign, intent on something ahe of him.  Although still somewhat boyish in appearance, he confident and resolute in attitude.  His clothes have a distinctly western feel: Lucchese boots, Levis 501's, Mah cotton shirt.  His down parka is unzipped in the sunny, windless, forty-degree afternoon.
3) 14) text: The tranquilizer dart finds its mark in the wolf's fleshy shoulder.  The wolf takes off running, but almost immediately slows, sits, then lies down. Eric and Anne Marie hurry over to the wolf, who is breath deeply.  Eric kneels next to him and strokes his thick fu
3) 16) dialog: What a beauty. (to Anne Marie) Hand me the transmitter.
3) 17) text: Anne Marie passes to Eric a tiny, weatherproof homing dev attached to a steel collar band.  Eric puts the collar loosely around the wolf's neck and crimps it in place, al the while TALKING soothingly to the semi-conscious animal Anne Marie smiles at Eric's tenderness and snaps some photos. With the collar in place and transmitter activated, Eric backs away while the wolf tries to rouse itself from its narcosis.
3) 19) dialog: (continuing) He's coming around fine.
3) 29) text: Anne Marie is taping the wolf's retreat.  Looking through the viewfinder, she crosses a gully between a pipeline piling and a rock formation.  Eric turns toward her and a glint of light in the debris at her feet catches his eye.
3) 31) dialog: Anne Marie!  Stop!
3) 34) dialog: (continuing) Don't move.
3) 35) text: Eric runs over.  He pokes at the object with a stick.  Wi a SNAP, a steel leg trap chomps the stick in half.  Anne Marie jumps back.  Eric brushes the dead leaves on the ground behind her and she carefully backtracks out of the gully.
3) 37) dialog: (continuing) Goddamn trappers!
3) 40) dialog: (continuing) Takes nerve, laying traplines on restricted land.
3) 41) text: Eric slips the scope off the dart rifle and climbs up the pipeline on foot pegs to the top of an anchoring poINT.
3) 48) dialog: He still might be around.  I saw fresh tire tracks coming in.
3) 52) dialog: Man and a jeep, about a mile and a half down.
3) 53) text: He jumps into the Scout.  Anne Marie stuffs her cameras i the hatchback.  As soon as she climbs in, Eric tears out.
7) 0) text: Eric stomps on the gas.  The dust from the jeep obscures view but he's gaining on them anyway.  Anne Marie hangs o and squints her eyes against the choking dust.
9) 0) text: Turning sharply, the trappers' jeep splashes through the creek bed without slowing.  Bouncing, it comes down hard against the axle-deep bank at the creek's high water mark LeMalle tries to back out, but can't find traction in the mud. Eric stops the Scout thirty yards behind them.
10) 0) text: Eric opens his door.  To Anne Marie:
10) 2) dialog: Stay here.
10) 5) text: Eric reaches in the back seat and hands something to Anne Marie.
10) 7) dialog: If I unzip my parka, stick this out the window.
11) 0) text: Eric confidently approaches the jeep.
12) 3) text: Corbett has an incongruously affable voice.  He throws hi traps into the jeep, then strides closer toward Eric.
13) 0) text: As Corbett comes closer, Eric realizes this might not've been a great idea.  Corbett squints his eyes and sniffs t air, as if by this he can gauge his opponent's mettle.
13) 2) dialog: You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land.
13) 6) dialog: I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail.
13) 13) text: Corbett doesn't answer.  Then, his eyes narrow and he loo past Eric at the Scout.
13) 17) dialog: You leave and don't come back, that's the end of it.
13) 18) text: After a long moment, Corbett smiles again, then turns awa from Eric.  He motions LeMalle to the front of the jeep. Frustrated, LeMalle slams back the safety on the carbine throws it in the back seat.
14) 0) text: Eric walks back to the Scout.  He feels the trappers' eye on his back, but forces himself not to hurry. The trappers free their vehicle.  Corbett gets in the driver's seat, and they take off.
15) 7) dialog: Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
26) 0) text: The winds have died down.  The rain has turned to a light snow. A mobile arctic dwelling sits on a rise next to the Haul Road.  It's a double-unit weathertight cocoon of fibergla and aluminum, pulled by a diesel rig on oversized tires. The front module is 12 by 24, the rear 12 by 18. An extended-cab pickup pulls up and Sam Wilder gets out. The gravel-and-dirt Haul Road, paralleling the pipeline f 400 miles, is closed to the public.  An arriving vehicle, therefore, is news.  The front door of the dwelling opens Eric and Anne Marie come outside, delighted to see Wilder
26) 7) dialog: Thanks.
26) 13) dialog: -- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.
26) 14) text: Anne Marie shoots a look at Eric but doesn't disagree -- this is obviously an issue with them.  Wilder looks with amusement at the mobile dwelling.
26) 18) dialog: Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD.
26) 22) dialog: Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.
26) 31) dialog: Hey, Sam, look over there.  Black and white smoke.
26) 35) dialog: We'll go with you.
27) 0) text: Everything seems peaceful enough.  The SOS fire (made fro burning green branches for white smoke and rubber for bla smoke) has burnt down to embers. Eric, Anne Marie and Wilder pull up in Wilder's pickup. The two Sportsmen sit in the front seat of the Land Rover but they don't react to the arrival of the rescuers.  In back seat, a reflective camping blanket covers a large ma Something is amiss.  Eric shoots a look of trepidation at Anne Marie as they get out of the pickup.   Wilder pulls door of the Land Rover open. A Sportsman slumps out onto the ground.  His eyes are ope and his tongue pokes out between his lips.  His skin is blue-white. (He looks, in fact, much like Eric's nightmar Startled, Eric steps back.  Anne Marie gasps with horror. Wilder unzips the Sportsman's light windbreaker and liste for a heartbeat.  Nothing.
27) 7) text: Eric stares at the dead Sportsmen.
27) 14) text: Eric opens the rear hatchback and digs through the plenti supplies.  Still in their packages are some matchbox-size ELT locating beacons.
27) 16) dialog: They had Emergency Locater Transmitters, but didn't use them. (opens one up; shakes his head) Maybe because they didn't bring batteries.
28) 0) text: Eric runs over to her as she tries to catch her breath. Wilder looks at the third Sportsman and angrily kicks the side of the Land Rover.
28) 4) dialog: Any idea who could've done it?
28) 22) text: Eric looks hard at the dead Sportsmen.
28) 24) dialog: (quietly) I'll go into town with you.
28) 28) dialog: (shakes his head) No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight.
30) 0) text: Corbett soaks in one of the huge wooden tubs with a pudgy Inupiat hooker, DIXIE. He looks up as Eric comes into the spa.  Eric holds Corbett's boots, which have been repaired.  Eric pauses w he sees Corbett.  There is a flash of recognition between them.
30) 2) dialog: Ben Corbett?
30) 6) dialog: Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these.  Didn't expect we'd already met.
30) 9) text: Eric glances down at Corbett's duffel bag, which sits on floor next to Corbett's tub.  Corbett's magnum rests on t of it, well within reach.  Corbett notices Eric's interes in it.  He leans back and smiles.
30) 11) dialog: Desmond.
30) 15) dialog: Six months.  Ecological study for Northland Oil.
30) 18) text: Putting his hand on Dixie's shoulder, Corbett stands and gets out of the tub.  His sinewy body, resembling a scarecrow made of steel cable, is covered with scars.  He wraps a towel around his waist and crosses to Eric.
30) 24) text: Corbett grabs his boots from Eric and finds himself facin revolver, which Eric has been hiding inside one of the boots.
31) 0) text: Eric comes outside.  Earl Kenai, overdressed for the weat in gloves, mukluks and a full-length sealskin coat, stand
31) 6) text: Wilder comes out of the spa with his shotgun and Corbett' duffel bag cradled in his arm.  Handcuffed, Corbett walks front of him. Kenai looks down to avoid eye contact with Corbett as he goes by.  Corbett stops next to Eric and smiles.
31) 10) dialog: (unintimidated) Yeah.  Maybe so.
35) 0) text: As Eric walks into Kenai's general store, Neff hurries ov
35) 4) dialog: Sure.
35) 7) text: He hands Eric a piece of styrofoam shaped like a commode seat.
36) 0) text: The storm has passed.   A faint CHUGGING emanates from th small orange generator trailer behind the Turtle.  Eric pulls up and parks the Scout.
37) 0) text: Nylon storage netting along the ceiling holds Eric's research equipment and Anne Marie's photographic supplies In one corner of the Turtle are several of her black and white prints.  All are of man-made objects whose presence juxtaposed with the natural surroundings. Relieved he's home in one piece, Anne Marie meets Eric at the door and kisses him.  Carrying a brown-paper-wrapped package, Eric follows her into the kitchen, where she's preparing dinner.
37) 4) dialog: Sure did.  He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road.
37) 8) dialog: He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker.
37) 12) dialog: (grins) Can't help myself.  Corbett's type always pisses me off. (hands her the package) Oh, I found this at the post office.  Had your name on it.
37) 19) dialog: You were looking at it in the catalog.  Don't know where you can wear it...
37) 23) dialog: (frowning) You make it sound like a prison sentence.
37) 27) dialog: It's exactly what you meant.
37) 31) dialog: -- Permanently?
43) 0) text: Anne Marie sits on the floor, editing one of her VIDEOTAP On the monitor, it SHOWS footage of the traps under the pipeline piling.  Eric comes out of the back module holdi two ELT pendants.  He glances over at the monitor and nod approvingly.
43) 4) dialog: I thought I should check our emergency transmitters.
43) 5) text: Eric activates the ELT's.  They emit an SOS pattern of ra waves -- three short, three long and three short.  This i visible as rhythmic INTERFERENCE on Anne Marie's video MONITOR.
43) 7) dialog: (continuing) Avalanche season is coming.
43) 14) dialog: Prolonged darkness makes people crazy.
43) 20) text: She does so by seductively undressing for the camera.  Sh SEEN on the MONITOR, illuminated by the "light" from the stove.  Eric appreciates the show.  He crawls toward her.
43) 24) dialog: Come here...
46) 0) text: Eric and Anne Marie are asleep.  Eric starts awake at the sound of a high-pitched vehicle HORN and an approaching ENGINE.
47) 0) text: Eric pulls the door open.  Wilder is untying Corbett from the snowmobile.
47) 3) text: Corbett smiles at Eric as he walks inside.
48) 0) text: Eric, Wilder and Corbett sit in the front module.  Anne Marie, nervous, wearing a down robe, serves coffee.  She stares at Corbett, trying to reconcile his quiet demeanor with what she saw that afternoon.  Corbett smiles at Eric
48) 4) dialog: That's what we should've done in the first place.
48) 10) dialog: (irritated) -- To take you to jail?  It'll be my pleasure.
48) 19) dialog: (hard) I'll get you there all right.
48) 20) text: Eric takes Anne Marie to the rear module, leaving Wilder with his prisoner.
49) 0) text: A bottle of Eric's Scotch sits almost empty on the table beside Wilder.  Wilder dozes in a chair facing Corbett. Corbett is awake.  He contorts his body to bring his handcuff chain under his feet and get his hands in front him.  He eyes Wilder's .357.  It's in a lefty Sam Browne holster.  No way to take it without waking Wilder. Corbett stands and inches toward the door.  As he pulls i open, the insulation makes enough NOISE to stir Wilder. Wilder gets up and pushes Corbett back into his chair.
50) 0) text: Eric is pulling on his pants.
51) 0) text: Eric rushes in.  The outside door is open and Wilder lies the floor.   His holster is empty.  Anne Marie comes in a crosses to Wilder. Eric pulls a floor trap door open and digs through the company-issue equipment, coming up with a huge Remington bolt-action bear rifle.  Unfamiliar with weapons, Eric te open a box of shells and fumbles to load the rifle.
52) 0) text: Corbett is trying to start Eric's Scout. Eric fires a loud warning SHOT from the Turtle doorway.
52) 2) dialog: You want to try that handgun against this rifle, go ahead.
52) 3) text: Corbett sits in the Scout for a long moment, weighing his odds.  He takes his hands off the steering wheel... Eric SHOOTS again, this time SMASHING the side-view mirro and window next to Corbett's head. Still handcuffed, Corbett gets out of the Scout.  Holding the .357 gingerly by the butt, he puts it on the hood of Scout.
53) 0) text: Eric leads Corbett in.  Anne Marie is cradling Wilder's head. She's crying.  Eric looks at Wilder.  There is bloo coming from his ear and he's fading fast.
53) 3) text: Eric nods again.  Wilder holds his gaze on Eric, then sim stops breathing.
53) 10) dialog: (after a beat) A daughter in Oregon.
53) 15) dialog: I better call in.
53) 18) dialog: (continuing) Thought of everything, huh?
53) 22) dialog: -- Killing is what you know. (to Anne Marie) Pack some food while I prep for the flight. (off her look) I'm sure not gonna let him go.
53) 23) text: Covering Corbett with the rifle, Eric handcuffs him to th sturdy metal bracket of a wall unit.
57) 0) text: Wisps of light cut across the cold blue sky. Eric comes out of the Turtle, leaving the front door ajar He throws a knapsack of supplies into the back of the Sco
58) 55) dialog: -- Cheechako?
58) 56) text: Eric comes in, none too thrilled about Anne Marie chattin with Corbett.
58) 61) dialog: (to Corbett) Let's go.
59) 0) text: Anne Marie leads Eric out of earshot from Corbett.  Eric keeps a cautious eye on him.
59) 4) dialog: (reassuringly) Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime.
59) 7) dialog: (continuing) Be careful, okay?
62) 0) text: Eric pulls up to the hangar.  Suddenly, LeMalle steps out from behind the building.
63) 0) text: LeMalle recognizes the International Scout.  He swings hi rifle up to stop it. Eric slams it in reverse and SCREECHES back around the hangar.
64) 0) text: Eric slams on the brakes and turns the Scout around.
64) 3) text: Eric doesn't need any convincing of that.  He tears out.
65) 0) text: Mitchell runs out in front of them and BLASTS the front o the Scout with his .45 Peacemaker.  Steam HISSES out of t radiator.  Eric floors it and races past Mitchell, almost hitting him.
66) 0) text: Eric slows, shifts into four-wheel drive and continues, driving on the rim.
68) 0) text: Eric backtracks as fast as possible in the crippled vehic
69) 1) text: The Scout sits idling in a depression near the creek bed, below the Haul Road.  Above, the trappers speed past with noticing. After giving the trappers time to get around the next ben Eric drives the Scout up the embankment and crosses back over the bridge.
70) 0) text: Eric stops the vehicle.  He grabs a five-gallon gas can a a piece of cloth from the back. 73   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK The prefab bridge is the transportable type used by the A Corps of Engineers, left over from the building of the pipeline.  Eric stuffs the gas can between the abutment a the honeycombed underside of the bridge.  He puts the rag inside the spout of the can, lights it with a match and r like hell back to the Scout.
72) 0) text: Eric speeds away.
74) 0) text: Eric parks the Scout sideways to block the way to the airstrip. With the magnum at the ready, Eric cuts Corbett's handcuf loose from the seat and hurries him toward the hangar. The leeward side of the structure is a huge metal door on rollers.  Eric unlocks it and rolls it back.  Inside is a Cessna 182, dusted with snow and ice blown through the cracks by crosswinds.  Eric brushes the windshield with h sleeve. 79   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK The trappers pull up and find the far side of the bridge burning and disconnected from the creek bank.
75) 0) text: Eric helps Corbett into the cockpit, then secures his handcuffs to the frame of the seat with more nylon rope. 81   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK Viking Bob assesses the damage to the bridge.  Loose from the abutments, it wobbles like a diving board.  Below, th water is too deep and fast-moving to be traversable.
76) 0) text: Eric tries to turn the ENGINE over.  The starter is slugg from cold and lack of use. 83   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK Viking Bob looks at the others, bursting with frustration He climbs into the driver's seat.
77) 0) text: Eric finally STARTS the plane and taxis out onto the land strip.
82) 0) text: Eric's knapsack, an emergency kit and several five-gallon cans of aviation fuel are tucked behind the seats.
82) 2) dialog: How the hell were they smart enough to find us?
82) 5) text: Eric retracts the landing gear and banks toward the southwest.  Corbett notices that Eric seems a little unsu of the controls.
82) 9) dialog: I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.
82) 12) text: Eric ignores the jibe.  He stays at 2,000 feet, making th landscape all the more immediate. Corbett stares out the window and broods.  He spots an op snow-covered area where some dark blotches mar the whiteness.
82) 19) dialog: Sounds like professional jealousy.
82) 28) text: Suddenly, he turns in the seat and pins Eric against the door with his left foot. The plane flies erratically.  With his right foot, Corbet kicks the fuel jettison lever on the instrument panel, jamming it on.
84) 0) text: Corbett releases Eric and calmly sits back up in his seat Eric rubs his neck, incredulous.  Corbett's move was too fast and too outrageous.  In a moment, the engine SPUTTER to a stop.  Eric struggles to hold the stick steady and glide the plane down to the plateau Corbett pointed out.
85) 0) text: There's an even chance of hitting a mountain instead of t plateau.  Eric pushes the Cessna's nose down.  The platea comes up fast. The plane drops lower and lower, pitching and yawing in t wind. It CRASH LANDS, its metal underbelly SCREECHING as it hit the jagged granite under the snow.  It stops suddenly, flipping tail over nose.
86) 0) text: It rests upside down in the snow.  The men are dazed. Behind Eric, one of the extra fuel cans, now hanging upsi down, leaks gas.  In front of him, the engine is ON FIRE. Eric undoes his seat belt and rights himself, but his leg gets caught in the tangled belt.  He pulls out a Swiss Ar knife and cuts the rope binding Corbett's handcuffs to th seat.  Corbett pushes the passenger door open.  Panicking Eric tries to pull loose of his seat belt, painfully wrenching his ankle.
87) 0) text: Corbett rolls out into the snow.  With no time to grab hi supplies, Eric clambers from the wreckage.  He and Corbet crawl/roll down the incline of the plateau, away from the plane. A moment later the leaking gas reaches the burning engine and the Cessna EXPLODES.
87) 1) text: Eric tries to stand.  He cries out and falls into the powdery snow, clutching at his ankle.
87) 6) dialog: Stay put!
87) 9) text: Eric cocks the gun's hammer with his thumb.
87) 11) dialog: Be no different than shooting a rabid dog.
87) 12) text: The men face off for a tense moment. Corbett smiles and zips up his jacket, dispelling the tension.  Letting the hammer down, Eric looks back at the burning plane.
87) 14) dialog: (continuing) Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me.
87) 18) dialog: With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory.
87) 21) text: Corbett drops his facade of conviviality.  Eric is too an to be intimidated.  He takes the scarf from around his ne and wraps his ankle with it.
87) 23) dialog: Let's go.
87) 30) dialog: That's right.  You're not.
87) 34) dialog: Forget it.
87) 35) text: Eric holds his wristwatch up, points the hour hand at the sun, counts forward to noon, and, accordingly, makes an approximation of their direction.
87) 37) dialog: (continuing) Last time I checked the flight plan, we were forty miles northeast of Devil's Cauldron. Southwest is that way.  No sense waiting for a goddamn taxi.
87) 38) text: Grimacing with pain, he gets up.  Clutching the magnum, h shoves Corbett in front of him and starts walking.  Corbe frowns -- it's tough to trudge through the snow with his arms cuffed tightly behind his back. Eric looks around and tries not to let his emotions regis on his face.  They wouldn't be farther from the rest of humanity on another planet.  Smelling fear on Eric, Corbe enjoys the view.  And waits.
88) 0) text: The Endicott range is full of jagged peaks, icy streams a gnarled tundra valleys.  Squinting in the glare of the sn Eric and Corbett trek through the grandiose Gates of the Arctic area.  The smoldering plane wreckage is a hard-won snow-covered mile behind them. Intricate patterns of fragmented rock, strips of scruffy tundra and bedrock outcrops produce lonely, foreboding mosaics upon the landscape.  The air is still.  The silen is itself a disconcerting presence.  Ten miles ahead and thousand feet lower, the forest begins.  But here, on the rock face of the mountains, Eric and Corbett might as wel be in a desert.
88) 5) dialog: It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood.
88) 8) text: Determined and dour, Eric pushes on.
88) 12) dialog: I don't plan on dying.
89) 0) text: The sun drops behind the mountains.  A wind whips up, chilling the men through their clothing.  Eric tries not shiver.  He spies a small rock formation with a granite elbow protruding from it, making an enclosed triangle of solid rock.
89) 2) dialog: We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter.
89) 5) text: Corbett sits on his haunches and smiles while Eric digs n the rocks.  Although he knows Corbett is testing his ever move, Eric refuses to let his patronizing air get to him.
89) 8) text: Eric approaches him suspiciously.  He puts his hand down through Corbett's collar.  Something is stowed inside a homemade flap in the lining of his coat.  Eric pulls out
90) 0) text: Eric and Corbett have stretched the tarp out tent-style n to the granite rock formation, making a minimal but functional refuge from the cold night.
91) 0) text: The men huddle inside the tarp.  Eric keeps a wary eye on Corbett -- at all times he treats him like a rattlesnake. Eric unwraps his ankle and rubs it.  It's swollen to the size of a softball.
91) 4) dialog: -- Turn around.
91) 5) text: While poking the .357 in Corbett's ribs, Eric one-handedl unlocks Corbett's right manacle, pulls his arm through th granite elbow, then locks it back up again.  He's learnin
92) 0) text: Eric is hurrying along the pipeline in his business suit, following the predator's paw prints in the snow.  He peer ahead and his prey becomes visible.  But it isn't a wolf, it's Corbett.  His hands and face are covered in blood.
94) 0) text: The light hits Eric's eyes.  He bolts awake from a fitful sleep.  Corbett sits, already awake, looking like he'd uproot the rock to which he's chained if he could.  He wa for an opportunity -- any opportunity -- with the patienc of a vulture.
95) 0) text: Eric and Corbett trudge up to the bank of a frozen stream bisecting their path.  It's simple -- to continue, they h to cross it.  Corbett takes in the scenery, in no particu hurry.  Frustrated, but making dead sure he's always got drop on Corbett,  Eric puts a tentative foot on the ice.
95) 4) dialog: We're not sitting here 'til November.  There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it.
95) 8) dialog: I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating.  Spread your weight, keep moving.  Go on.
95) 13) dialog: (points .357) I'm right behind you.
95) 15) text: He turns and, indeed, Eric is right behind him.
95) 21) text: Eric doesn't want to be too far from his prisoner.  He ke coming.  The ice GROANS and HISSES under their weight. Corbett is three feet from solid ground.  He drops to his knees, then stomach, and rolls like a log the rest of the way. Eric splays out on the ice and crabwalks across.  The ice makes an ominous CRACKING and water begins to seep throug air holes. Standing, Corbett weighs his chances of bolting from Eric Eric crawls doubletime.  He makes it onto solid ground ju as the ice under him breaks off in a big, thin, clear pla
95) 22) text: Eric sits on some rocks.  Corbett glares it him.
95) 26) dialog: It wasn't my idea to crash the plane.
95) 30) dialog: (standing) We've got another two hours of daylight.
95) 33) text: Eric is not convinced.   Grumbling, Corbett gets up and takes the lead as they continue southward.
96) 0) text: Trying to keep busy, Anne Marie develops some prints in t darkroom she's made from the front bathroom.  She glances her watch and sighs, her mind on Eric's overdue return.
98) 0) text: Meyerling's Dodge truck pulls up.  Anne Marie comes outsi Her smile wilts when she sees it's not Eric.  As Meyerlin climbs the embankment to the Turtle, he glances at Wilder snowmobile parked alongside the Turtle.
99) 0) text: Eric limps further down from the mountains.  Corbett keep pace in front of him and his magnum.  As their altitude decreases, there is ever thicker vegetation. Their tracks in the snow stretch up behind them into the distance.  The magnificence and grandeur of the surroundi cannot be overstated.  Picture the most rustic, overwhelm wilderness imaginable, and then make it ten times larger.
99) 5) dialog: Forget it.  It would take days.
99) 8) text: Eric realizes he's right.  After some deliberation, Eric cautiously approaches him.  With the .357 cocked and read he undoes one of the cuffs, leaving them hanging from Corbett's wrist.  He then unthreads the nylon twine from Corbett's tarp.
100) 0) text: Handcuffed again, Corbett hikes in front of Eric along th top of some foothills.  Now and again he glances behind, gauging Eric's weariness, waiting for a moment's carelessness.  Around them there is heavy vegetation now snow-covered sedge tussocks, knee-deep muskeg and twisted thickets that are treacherous and slow to tramp through. Above them, ominous clouds and sharp, cold winds are comi down from the north. But below, a mile ahead, the edge of the forest is like t hem of a great green garment stretching endlessly southwa The combination of altitude and latitude creates an amazingly sharp topographical dividing line.  Within a fe thousand yards, the landscape abruptly changes from scrub brush to thick coniferous forest.
104) 3) text: Awestruck by the intensity of the storm, Eric tears branc from birch trees and piles them in Corbett's handcuffed arms. They hurry back to the nylon tarp, strung between two tre trunks, FLAPPING violently in the storm.  Hunching agains the wind, Eric pulls off his gloves and reaches in his pocket for some precious matches.  His fingers are so col he can't hold them, and he drops several in the wet snow. Angry, he shoots a look at Corbett. Corbett is holding hi hands inside his coat.  He pulls them out and quickly tak the remaining matches from Eric. Crouching down, back to the wind, Corbett grasps a match between his numb fingers and awkwardly strikes it.  He ho the flame next to the kindling.  It doesn't catch fire immediately.  Corbett lets the match burn out against his fingers.  He tries another match.  This time, a flame tak hold but could succumb to the wind at any moment. On his knees and elbows, Corbett nurses along the tiny fi Eric can't control his shivering.  He gets on his knees n to Corbett and holds his coat open to further baffle the wind.  Corbett keeps his hands cupped around the flame, n
105) 0) text: Corbett and Eric sit under the nylon shelter.  The STORM rages outside.  Eric empties his pockets of Eskimo potato reindeer lichens, bistsort sorrel and other plants for hi dinner. Corbett has fashioned a snare from his boot laces and a t branch, and placed some crushed roots as aromatic bait ne to a small animal burrow outside the shelter.  A squirrel sticks his nose out of the burrow to investigate. Corbett sits catlike, ready to pounce.  Eric grimaces as Corbett yanks on the snare and the squirrel's SQUEALS (OS abruptly cease.
106) 3) text: After a beat, Eric pulls open the small blade on his Swis Army knife and pushes it with his foot to Corbett.  Smili Corbett admires the fancy knife.  Then, BELOW FRAME, he skins and guts his catch.
106) 7) dialog: It could blow over tomorrow, too.
106) 14) dialog: I just want this over with.
106) 18) dialog: You know Meyerling?
106) 21) text: Corbett eats the squirrel Eskimo-style.  Raw.  He uses th knife like a native, too, holding the meat in his teeth, then expertly cutting off a mouthful with a quick slice. Eric stares, disgusted.  Off his look:
106) 26) dialog: I'll hold onto that.
106) 27) text: With a wry smile, Corbett pushes it back over to Eric. While Eric eats his dinner, Corbett listens to the STORM watches him eat.
106) 31) dialog: I'm here to do my job.
106) 39) dialog: Don't fucking insult me.
106) 40) text: Corbett smiles -- maybe he's beginning to understand Eric
106) 44) dialog: Yeah?
106) 47) text: Eric ponders Corbett's words as he eats.
109) 0) text: Wearing one of Eric's coats, Anne Marie stands in the cen of three similarly-sized trees.  A FLARE supplies the lig The big Remington rifle leans against the tree closest to her. She tosses one end of a hundred feet of nylon rope over a sturdy tree branch twenty-five feet from the ground.  The she throws the other end over an opposing branch and stretches the rope like a clothesline.
110) 0) text: The storm has passed, leaving a fresh covering of powdery snow in drifts like sand dunes.  Eric and Corbett trek toward Devil's Cauldron through the ever-thickening fores Corbett has made them snow goggles by cutting slits in strips of tree bark worn like sunglasses.  Eric, using a tree branch as a walking stick, still limps on his sore ankle.  For the first time, he keeps the magnum stuck in waistband.
110) 4) dialog: (kneels to adjust his ankle wrap) Too bad we're heading west.
110) 8) dialog: (bristling) You don't get it, do you?
110) 9) text: Corbett takes advantage of Eric's poor peripheral vision from the visor by kneeing Eric in the face.  Eric falls backwards into the snow.  Corbett takes off like a jackrabbit.  Eric spits out some blood, shakes the stars of his eyes and yanks the .357 from under his coat.
110) 14) dialog: (continuing) Stop!
110) 15) text: Corbett bounds through the snow, dodging trees and snow-covered rocks. Eric squeezes off a SHOT, and is startled by the recoil a the blast.  He scrambles to his feet and SHOOTS again. Corbett zigzags and disappears from sight over a snowbank
110) 17) dialog: hobbles after him, CUSSING bitterly to himself.
110) 19) text: Eric appears over a snowbank. Corbett tries to run, but his frozen, waterlogged legs fe like pig iron.  Stumbling and panting, he looks for a saf place to cross the stream.  Eric easily catches up to him Corbett sits in the snow, shivering.  He looks up as Eric trots over. Eric glares at Corbett and rubs the bruise on his cheek.
110) 22) text: Noticing Corbett's sopping legs, Eric becomes furious.
110) 26) dialog: You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving!
110) 32) text: Fuming, Eric helps Corbett up.
112) 0) text: Eric stokes a fire at the mouth of the shelter.  Corbett' pants and boots hang to dry from branches next to it.  He huddles under the tarp, covered by his coat, drowsy and listless.
112) 2) dialog: Stay awake!  You want to go hypothermic?
112) 5) text: Eric examines him.  Corbett's skin is white and rigid, hi lips are pale blue.  He scowls at Eric.
112) 9) dialog: (holds up three fingers) How many do you see?
112) 13) dialog: You don't feel cold?
112) 16) text: He starts to doze off.  The shivering he's been repressin now racks his body.  Eric sits him up, closer to the fire and puts his own parka over Corbett's shoulders.  With hi foot, Eric rolls some hot rocks bordering the fire closer
112) 21) dialog: Wake up, goddammit!  You've got classic hypothermia -- crankiness, fatigue, can't feel your coldness.  Worst thing you can do is fade out.
112) 22) text: Corbett is headed someplace far away.  Sighing, Eric turn him so his back faces the fire.  He unbuttons Corbett's shirt, then unbuttons his own shirt and lies across Corbe Eric gasps -- Corbett feels like a slab of ice.  Corbett' teeth chatter.  He's completely unconscious.
112) 24) dialog: (continuing) One more thing -- this doesn't mean we're going steady.
112) 28) dialog: Stay still.
112) 32) dialog: Emergency transmitter?  All your gear is back at Wilder's.
112) 36) dialog: It was blown up with the plane.
112) 43) dialog: How?  Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season. (beat) Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics.
112) 47) dialog: Read a lot of adventure stories when I was a kid...
112) 52) dialog: An appetite.  Maybe you won't die after all.
113) 1) text: Flashlight in hand, wearing one of Eric's coats, Anne Mar refuels the generator.  Something catches her eye --
116) 0) text: Anne Marie peers out the window.  She gasps as she recognizes the jeep.  Ducking from sight below the window she grabs Eric's coat and hurries into the rear module.
127) 0) text: Eric and Corbett wearily trudge through the woods.  Corbe has the tarp wrapped around him for extra warmth.  As he walks, he sniffs at one of Eric's Eskimo potato roots and takes a tentative nibble.
127) 7) dialog: Nome?  I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there.
127) 11) dialog: Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.
127) 14) text: They walk in silence.  Corbett tightens the tarp against cold air and looks at Eric.
127) 18) dialog: Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
127) 26) dialog: What do you know about people? You live like an animal!  A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible.
127) 29) text: He shoves Eric with his handcuffed hands.
127) 32) text: Livid, Eric backs away and knocks Corbett's hands away fr him.
127) 34) dialog: Don't push me..!
127) 37) text: Eric smashes his fist into Corbett's face.  Corbett reels back, more surprised than hurt.  Eric moves in, furiously throwing punches.  Corbett plows his clenched fists into Eric's midsection, doubling him over.  Gasping, Eric rams his head into Corbett and they fall into the snow. Despite the handcuffs, Corbett gets a few blows in.  They wrestle fiercely, and Eric ends up on top of Corbett.  He about to throw another punch when Corbett looks up at him
132) 0) text: Exhausted, Corbett and Eric climb across the last set of foothills before the Devil's Cauldron valley.  The town comes into view below them; faintly the MUSIC carries fro below.  Corbett looks at Eric and breaks the silence:
132) 7) dialog: They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow.
132) 11) dialog: I already have.
132) 14) text: Eric sweeps the snow from between two rocks and sits down
132) 16) dialog: We'll wait here until nightfall. No fire, no tarp.
132) 21) dialog: Maybe...maybe not.  I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.  That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something. (beat) Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit.  Oil company propaganda.  I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway. (beat) I don't know anymore.  Maybe I am fooling myself.  That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
132) 31) text: Eric glances over as a look of utter desolation crosses Corbett's face.
138) 0) text: Bone weary, Eric and Corbett walk toward town, staying on the outskirts to avoid being seen.  They look at one anot -- this moment seemed impossible not very long ago.  No o seems to notice as they limp into Wilder's cabin.
139) 0) text: It's dark.  Eric locks Corbett up in the holding cell, no noticing that Corbett seems almost pleased to be there. blocks the windows, pumps up the pressure on the white ga lantern and heads back outside again.
140) 0) text: Neff pries himself from his MTV to answer a KNOCK at the door.  Eric hobbles in.  Neff notes Eric's weatherbeaten condition.
140) 4) dialog: Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie?
140) 8) dialog: Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me --
140) 12) dialog: Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg.
140) 16) dialog: -- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow.
140) 20) dialog: Corbett ruined my two-way.  Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight.
140) 27) dialog: Thanks.  Don't tell anyone you saw me.
140) 28) text: After Eric goes, Neff closes his door and bolts it.
142) 0) text: Via a catwalk, Neff and Kenai climb up into the ceiling struts above the partitioned cubicles in the spa to caulk roof leak with pitch.  Neff is sullen from his conversati with Eric. Kenai, however, is smiling at Neff.
143) 0) text: Eric stirs a pot of beans on the cookstove.  Corbett watc from the cot in the cell.
143) 4) dialog: You broke the radio, remember?
143) 7) text: Corbett sits up as Eric hands him a plate of beans.
143) 11) dialog: I liked you better frozen.  You didn't talk so much.
143) 14) text: Corbett sees he's hit a nerve with Eric.
143) 21) dialog: All I want want is you in jail --
143) 22) text: A KNOCK at the door interrupts.  Eric lowers the flame on the gas lantern and peers out through a corner of the cardboard in the front window.  Frowning, he cracks the d open and slips outside.
144) 0) text: It's Neff and Kenai.  Neff looks guiltily at Eric.
144) 5) text: Eric is skeptical of Kenai's concern.
144) 8) text: Eric looks at Kenai, then at Neff.  Neff nods that it's okay.  As extra precaution, Eric handcuffs Corbett's righ wrist to the frame of the cot inside the cell.
144) 10) dialog: (to Kenai) Okay.  You can talk to him.  But I'll keep the keys with me.
145) 0) text: Outside the wind HOWLS.  Eric enters and walks into the hallway connecting the bath partitions.  A hand grabs his arm.  Startled, he turns around. It's Dixie, wearing a threadbare flannel robe.
145) 3) text: Eric shakes his head -- typical Kenai.  He gives her thre tens.  She smiles and leads Eric toward the "infirmary." It's actually a bath partition outfitted with an examinin table and a first-aid kit.
147) 0) text: Eric's ankle is in a resin cast.  His foot rests on a sto While waiting for the cast to set he soaks in the bathtub hot towel draped over his face.  Above him, on a wall bracket, a closed circuit TV plays a war-surplus PORNO FI The door CREAKS open and Dixie comes in.  She impassively checks his cast -- which is interesting, as she's now wearing panties, clog shoes and nothing else.  Eric takes the towel off his face and sits up, astonished.
147) 3) text: Before Eric can protest, the door OPENS again.  It's Meyerling.  He snaps his fingers at Dixie to shoo her and she scurries away.
147) 10) dialog: Cut the shit, Leo.  I might need your help...
150) 0) text: Eric and Meyerling are in the middle of an argument.
150) 2) dialog: ...I won't let a killer walk!
150) 9) dialog: What does this matter to you?
150) 13) dialog: I should release Corbett because you want some votes?
150) 17) dialog: Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here.
150) 18) text: Eric's attention turns to a rhythmic INTERFERENCE on the screen.  There are three short bursts, followed by three long bursts.  Something about it is very familiar. Scowling, he sits up.
150) 20) dialog: (continuing) Shit... (to Meyerling; distracted) Do what you have to.  So will I.
150) 21) text: Eric climbs out of the water and pulls his pants on.
151) 0) text: Kenai sorts through the tangle of Corbett's traps.   The door bursts open and Eric hobbles in.  Gun drawn, Eric unlocks the cell door.  He rips Corbett's shirt open. Looking around, he sees Corbett's duffel bag sitting by t cot.  Digging through it, he finds at the bottom of the b an ELT with a small red LED flashing on it. Furious, he flings it against the wall, smashing it.
153) 0) text: Eric shoves Kenai and Neff out the door.
153) 4) dialog: Just stay out of my face until I'm gone!
153) 7) dialog: (continuing; picks up ELT) Emergency transmitter?  What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires?
153) 11) dialog: No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal.  And no way -more-
155) 0) text: It's 5:30 AM.  Sitting at Wilder's desk, Eric pries the t from some bullets and dumps the gunpowder into a styrofoa cup. He rings the top of the cup with bluetip matches, th seals it with masking tape.  Watching him from the cell, Corbett smiles.
155) 3) text: Eric doesn't answer.  He pulls on a heavy overcoat of Wilder's.  Putting the unused bullets back in Wilder's de Eric finds Corbett's .44 magnum.  He puts it and some speedloaders full of .357 hollowpoints in his pockets.
156) 0) text: Eric hobbles across town to the hot springs under cover o the early hour and heavy snowfall.  He paces out several circuitous routes from the rental cabins to the airstrip the edge of town, pausing now and again along the way. He hears a door SQUEAK open and someone COUGH nearby, so stands motionless in the snow. Bundled in wool blankets, Kenai trundles down to his outhouse. After Kenai passes by, Eric sneaks inside the spa.  He climbs up into the catwalk. As Kenai goes back to his cabin, he notices that the anti bear traps on display in front of the general store are missing.  Suddenly, Eric grabs him and pulls him into the spa doorway.
157) 0) text: Eric's unexpected appearance startles Kenai.
157) 2) dialog: I need to rent a cabin.
157) 6) dialog: Will you rent me a cabin, or not?
157) 10) dialog: (takes out all his cash) -- Here's a hundred dollars.  And if you or anyone else will back me up on this --
157) 14) dialog: If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand.
157) 15) text: Outside, there is the high-pitched WHINE of a snowmobile (OS) driving into town.  Eric cautiously follows the SOUN
158) 0) dialog: He listens as the vehicle cuts across town toward Neff's house.  The snowfall is too thick to see who it is.  Eric
158) 4) text: A person in a hooded parka stands on Neff's stoop, about knock.  Magnum drawn, Eric suddenly appears from the curt of falling snow.  He shoves the person against the side o the house.
158) 5) text: It's Anne Marie.  She gasps.  Seeing Eric, she's more ang than relieved.  Eric puts the gun back in his waistband.
158) 12) dialog: You can't stay here.  Go back to the Turtle.  I'll meet you back there in a few hours.
158) 16) dialog: I'll tell you everything later.
158) 20) dialog: Here.  A transport plane is due at eleven.  Once I put him on it, it's all over.
158) 27) dialog: There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does.
158) 34) dialog: Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things.
158) 37) text: Eric knows she won't relent.
158) 39) dialog: Take the snowmobile, park it behind Wilder's cabin.
158) 41) text: Shaken, Neff opens the door and lets Eric in.
158) 45) dialog: Yeah.  Sorry I barked at you last night.
158) 52) dialog: I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back.
158) 57) dialog: What are you talking about?
158) 61) dialog: There'll be three, four men at the most.  I have some backup, nothing will happen.
158) 64) text: Neff opens the door for Eric.
158) 66) dialog: (angry) You don't care enough about Sam to --
159) 0) text: Anne Marie waits in front as Eric hobbles up.  She looks his bad ankle.
159) 4) dialog: Nothing broken.  C'mon, we have to hurry.
160) 7) dialog: Shut up!
160) 10) text: This comment has the intended effect on Anne Marie.  Angr Eric throws Corbett a coat.  Corbett puts it on.  Reachin through the bars, Eric cuffs Corbett's hands together.
160) 12) dialog: We're moving.  Let's go.
161) 0) text: The ten-by-ten cabin is furnished with two sagging cots, beat-up color TV set, a cookstove and a half-drum heat stove.  Built into the rear wall is a rustic dumb waiter that once lowered perishables into the icy waters of a now-dry stream. Eric checks his watch.  6:15 AM.  He bolts the door and blocks the windows, opening one enough to let sound in fr outside.  He extinguishes the Benman lantern and douses t fire in the heat stove so no smoke will emit from the chimney.  Anne Marie slumps into the corner next to the d waiter.
161) 2) dialog: You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft.  Sit on the cot. (hands her the .44) Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied.
162) 0) text: A pall hangs over the town.  People know to stay inside. Time crawls by. In his house, Neff, for once, has his TV turned off.  He tries to read and listens for sounds outside. In the spa, water DRIPS somewhere.  All the stalls are empty. In his sod house, Kenai looks out his one tiny window at curtain of snow.  Dixie comes up behind him and puts her hands on his shoulders.  He looks up at her, glum. In Wilder's empty cabin, his belongings are scattered abo as if expecting his imminent return. In the rental cabin, Eric checks his watch.  10:45 AM.
163) 0) text: The sound of a MOTOR grows in volume, then abruptly cease The trappers' jeep APPEARS in the snowfall on the road in town.  It coasts quietly in and stops behind the cover of woodpile across from Wilder's cabin. The trappers get out of the jeep.  LeMalle has Eric's Remington, Mitchell has his Peacemaker, and Viking Bob carries LeMalle's old carbine.  Mitchell spits.  It's so cold outside that the spittle freezes and CRACKS before i hits the ground. They fan out and approach Wilder's cabin.
165) 0) text: Hearing the shots, Eric pushes Anne Marie against the flo Cautioning her to stay put, he crawls to the window and tries to see through the snowfall.  After a moment of silence, from outside, not too far away:
165) 3) text: Eric points the magnum at Corbett.
165) 5) dialog: Answer and I'll shoot!
167) 0) text: His mind racing, Eric stares at Corbett.  Despite the freezing temperature of the room, he's sweating.
167) 3) text: Setting his resolve, Eric drags Corbett to the window.  H pushes the barrel of the magnum against Corbett's cheek.
167) 5) dialog: Say you're okay.  Tell them I'll kill you if they rush us.
169) 0) text: Eric pulls Corbett away from the window.  He shoots a loo at Anne Marie.  They're in a bind and she knows it.
171) 0) text: Eric glances at Corbett, whose grim look certifies LeMall boast.
171) 4) dialog: Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside?
171) 14) text: Eric sighs -- is she against him, too?  From outside:
171) 17) text: The trappers are obviously much closer.  Eric signals to Corbett not to answer.
171) 18) text: Eric and Corbett face the window.  They don't notice as A Marie quietly shimmies outside through the narrow dumb waiter shaft to the back of the rental cabin.  Eric turns gasping as he realizes she's gone.  Corbett smiles sardonically.
175) 0) text: Eric looks at his watch.  10:55 AM.
177) 0) text: Eric and Corbett turn as Anne Marie's camera bag suddenly drops from the dumb waiter shaft.  Anne Marie wriggles ba inside.  Before Eric can say anything, she puts her finge over his mouth.  She turns on the TV set and tunes it to channel 3.
177) 7) dialog: Your infrared camera?
177) 11) dialog: I've got an idea.  We'll have to work fast.
179) 0) text: Eric quietly pulls the door open.  Holding the pistol to Corbett's head, he pushes Corbett out in front of him. Anne Marie and Eric exchange a long look.  Fighting back tears, she reaches up and touches his face.
179) 2) dialog: When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington.
179) 9) text: The trappers wait, twenty-five feet from Eric and Corbett The DRONE of the plane grows louder.
179) 14) text: Eric SHOOTS a couple times, then backtracks and pulls Corbett behind one of the rental cabins. Ducking the bullets, the trappers sprawl onto the ground.
181) 0) text: Eric pushes Corbett through a narrow pass between two buildings in the center of town.  He walks in Corbett's footprints.  Almost through to the other side, he suddenl stops.  Pulling Corbett with him, Eric walks backwards, still carefully placing each foot in an existing footprIN Corbett can't help but smile.
185) 0) text: Eric and Corbett emerge from between the buildings.  Eric backtracks toward the hot springs spa, now leaving an obvious trail.
186) 0) text: Eric and Corbett go inside.  Eric pulls the door closed behind them, but leaves it ajar.
190) 0) text: LeMalle follows the footprints to the door Eric left ajar He peers inside.
191) 1) text: Hidden in the shadows, Eric drops the end of the twine an rushes toward the front door with Corbett in tow.
191) 3) dialog: (to Corbett) That'll keep him out of the cold.
192) 0) text: Eric leads Corbett around the back of the spa.  A GUNSHOT rings out nearby and a BULLET hits the wall above Eric's head.
192) 2) text: Eric and Corbett crouch down and double back.   They are once again swallowed up by the snowfall.
193) 0) text: Viking Bob follows their footprints in between the buildings.  He continues to a point where they converge t one set, then stop.  He smiles at the naivete of Eric's ploy.  Looking at the boardwalk railing above, he assumes Eric and Corbett have swung over it onto the iced-over boardwalk.  Pleased with his deduction, Viking Bob contin along the alley. SNAP!  Viking Bob lets out a horrible HOWL and falls on h back in the snow.  Biting into his right calf is a huge conibear leg trap.  In extreme pain, he struggles to leve it open with the barrel of his rifle.
194) 0) text: Corbett shoots Eric a dangerous look as Viking Bob's CRIE carry though the town.
194) 2) dialog: He'll live.
197) 0) text: Eric looks around at the sound of the shooting, fearing t worst.  He pulls Corbett off the boardwalk and they cut across open ground toward the airstrip depot.
199) 0) text: Through the snow, Eric can see the faint outline of the plane on the runway.  He and Corbett hurry toward the bac of the airstrip depot. As they wend their way through the junk-filled yards, Eri catches a glimpse of movement around a corner, REFLECTED a pane of glass leaning against a roll of tar paper.
199) 5) text: Eric takes out the homemade flashbomb.  He lights it, tos it toward Mitchell and covers his eyes.  It EXPLODES with muffled pop and a bright flash of white light. Mitchell stumbles backwards and blinks his eyes.  The fla has temporarily clouded his vision. Eric moves Corbett to another approach to the depot and waits for Mitchell to move on.
200) 0) text: Mitchell is about to do just that when a hand on his shoulder stops him.  It's LeMalle, oblivious to the profu bleeding from his right shoulder.  Mitchell blinks, still having trouble seeing.  LeMalle gestures for him to be qu and points in Eric and Corbett's direction.
200) 11) text: The bullet just misses Eric.  He panics and wildly return FIRE with the .357.
202) 0) text: Reaching the rear wall, they practically stumble over something.  It's Mitchell, lying on the ground near the wall, badly wounded by Eric's barrage.  Eric gasps. Anguished, Corbett kneels next to Mitchell.  Mitchell pul him closer.
202) 3) text: Mitchell's grasp on Corbett's coat relaxes as he dies. Horrified, Eric stares at the man he killed.  Noticing th scrimshaw lying on the snow where it slipped from Mitchel pocket, Corbett picks it up.
202) 6) text: Glaring at Eric, Corbett dips his hand in Mitchell's bloo and suddenly smears it across Eric's mouth.  Repelled, Er pulls back.
202) 9) text: Wiping his face, sickened and desolate, Eric has no reply
205) 0) text: The depot, as temporary-looking as the rest of Devil's Cauldron, is a boxcar-shaped loading dock and warehouse w a corrugated steel roof.  Boxes, wood palettes and hand dollies are piled haphazardly about. Eric and Corbett navigate through the piles of boxes, inching toward the front door -- the door leading to the plane. Suddenly, a string of overhead lights come on.  Eric goes for the .357, then stops when he sees Meyerling, Kenai an Neff have come in the front door.  Kenai stomps his feet shivers.  Grandstanding for the others, Meyerling steps forward.
205) 4) dialog: Fuck you.
205) 14) text: Meyerling moves toward Corbett, but Eric stands in his wa
205) 19) dialog: Keep back.
205) 22) text: Eric looks at Neff.
205) 24) dialog: Neff, you know better than this...
205) 27) text: Kenai and Neff move in with Meyerling.  Eric stands his ground and reaches for the .357 in his belt.
205) 28) text: Suddenly, LeMalle stumbles into the depot, the blankets a furs dragging at his feet.  His right side is bathed in blood.  Half-frozen, bled dry, he looks ready to drop dow dead.  In his left hand, impossibly, he still clutches th massive Remington. He hoists it to his hip and grits his teeth as he BOLTS a round into the chamber with his injured right arm.  Braci himself, he levels the rifle at Eric. Hearing the ACTION of the rifle, Eric turns. Corbett reaches down, grabs a rusty Eskimo spear in both handcuffed hands, and hurls it. There is a deafening ROAR as LeMalle's rifle discharges. LeMalle flies back from the recoil -- and from the spear stuck clear through his chest. Some packing material above Eric's head smolders, ignited the muzzle blast.
205) 29) text: There is a moment of silence.  Corbett looks at the other weapons near him, and then at Meyerling.  Threatened, Meyerling pulls out a .380 automatic.  Before Eric can do anything, Meyerling FIRES. The IMPACT of the bullet throws Corbett against some boxe
205) 34) dialog: (continuing) Anybody moves and I'll shoot!
205) 35) text: Holding the .380 on them, Eric crosses to Corbett.  Bleed from the abdomen, he's trying to stand up.
205) 37) dialog: (continuing) Can you walk?
205) 41) dialog: Let's get out of here.
205) 42) text: Cautiously backing away from the others, Eric helps Corbe get up and shuffle toward the OS SOUND of the cargo plane
206) 0) text: Anne Marie jumps down from the cockpit.  She and Eric lif Corbett into the plane.
208) 0) text: While Eric takes Corbett's handcuffs off, Anne Marie look at his wound.  He waves her away.
208) 2) dialog: How come you didn't let him shoot me?
208) 6) dialog: We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks.
208) 16) dialog: You're wrong.  Everything we do leaves its mark.  You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra.
208) 20) text: Eric sighs as he looks at the blood -- Mitchell's blood - on the back of his hand.  He stares at Corbett for a long moment.  Then, resolved, he climbs up front and says something to the Pilot.  Grumbling, the Pilot adjusts his controls.
210) 0) text: As it rolls to a stop, Eric throws open the cargo door. Corbett sits up, surprised.  He and Eric exchange a long look, then Corbett crosses to the open door and gingerly steps down onto the snow-covered runway.
211) 0) text: Eric and Anne Marie watch from the door of the plane as Corbett limps across the runway toward the treeline.  As goes, his footprints are dusted over by the snow and wind Corbett stops, turns and looks back at Eric, then continu onward, disappearing into the forest.
212) 0) text: Eric wearily sits next to Anne Marie.  She kisses him. The Pilot glances over his shoulder and frowns.