8) 0) text: The driver is LEMALLE (35), a tall, ugly, rawboned Canadi His entire outfit is made of animal hide.  He has long re hair, and a reptilian face usually twisted into a sadisti sneer.  While driving, he scans along the pipeline.
8) 2) dialog: Where the fuck did you drop Corbett off?
9) 0) text: Turning sharply, the trappers' jeep splashes through the creek bed without slowing.  Bouncing, it comes down hard against the axle-deep bank at the creek's high water mark LeMalle tries to back out, but can't find traction in the mud. Eric stops the Scout thirty yards behind them.
12) 0) text: Emboldened by Corbett's presence, LeMalle reaches into th back seat and grabs his 6.5 by 55 Swedish military carbin
13) 12) dialog: Ben?  Sure you don't want me to drop the fucker?
13) 18) text: After a long moment, Corbett smiles again, then turns awa from Eric.  He motions LeMalle to the front of the jeep. Frustrated, LeMalle slams back the safety on the carbine throws it in the back seat.
17) 0) text: Corbett broods while driving.  Mitchell looks out the window.  The silence makes LeMalle uncomfortable.
17) 2) dialog: All this fuckin' land, and we're locked out.  Makes me puke.
17) 6) dialog: Three hundred seventy-five million acres in this state.  I'm real tired of runnin' into people.
19) 0) text: LeMalle grabs his carbine.
20) 9) dialog: (to Corbett) No swinging shit.  They're over their goddamned limit.
20) 14) text: LeMalle amuses himself by pissing in their campfire.  No notices that in the b.g., quiet Sportsman #3 unzips his parka, exposing a .45 Peacemaker in a belt holster.
20) 25) text: LeMalle pulls a hunting knife and holds up one of the ermine.
20) 27) dialog: Want the meat?
20) 31) text: LeMalle digs through the camping goodies in the back of t Land Rover, many still in their packages.  He helps himse to some sandwiches and a 12-pack of beer.
20) 33) dialog: I say shoot 'em, bury 'em with their shiny new car.
20) 40) text: Suddenly, Sportsman #3 reaches inside his parka and pulls the pistol.  He swings it toward LeMalle. LeMalle looks up when he hears the HAMMER cock. There is a deafeningly loud SHOT. Sportsman #3 falls down dead at LeMalle's feet. Off to one side, Corbett holds a huge, smoking .44 magnum six-shooter in his hand. Shotgun in hand, Sportsman #1 gauges his chances of blast Corbett.  Nil.  When Corbett turns to him, he lies the weapon down.  Sportsman #2 rushes to his friend. Looking bleak, Mitchell spits again.  Corbett crosses to LeMalle and knocks from his hands the things he wanted to steal.  Chastised, LeMalle smolders.  After a moment:
20) 43) text: As Corbett walks to the jeep, he's too angry to notice th he's stepped in a patch of mud under the Land Rover. Near the jeep, LeMalle stops and pulls them into a huddle
20) 45) dialog: I don't believe in leavin' witnesses behind, Ben.
20) 49) dialog: You think those fucks will tell it that way?
20) 59) dialog: isn't yet satisfied.  He walks back over to the Sportsmen kneeling beside their fallen friend, and crouches right beside them.  Intimidated, Sportsman #2 looks away, but LeMalle grabs his chin and turns his face back toward him
20) 61) dialog: Think I'm pretty?  You better forget how we look, 'cause next time they won't keep me from killing you.  This land ain't quite civilized, you know...
23) 7) text: A chubby Inupiat (interior Eskimo), wearing thick glasses several heavy sweaters and battery-heated socks, fusses behind the counter.  He's EARL KENAI, owner of the hot springs spa and the general store. LeMalle chews on a handful of bear jerky.  Kenai stares a LeMalle until he begrudgingly pays for the jerky.  Corbet pulls on some sneakers and hands his boots to Kenai.
23) 22) text: Meyerling smiles like a toad, then slaps another poster o the wall.  LeMalle throws his knife and it STICKS in the poster between Meyerling's spread fingers.  Meyerling jum back and the trappers laugh.  Meyerling looks to Wilder f support.
23) 35) dialog: (to Kenai) How about a quart of Jack Daniel's?
23) 39) dialog: (to Corbett) Aw, shit.  Let's go.  Leave a note for Viking Bob, tell him to meet us in Cache.
25) 0) text: Corbett peers out the tiny window, frowning.  LeMalle cle his carbine while eating beans and bacon.  Mitchell hunch over a table.  He's making a scrimshaw -- delicately engraving, using homemade tools, on a palm-sized piece of whale bone.  He rubs his eyes and looks up at Corbett.
25) 11) dialog: Fuck you, Mitchell.  Woulda been my ass if Ben didn't waste that prick.
25) 14) text: Mitchell glances at LeMalle, then at Corbett.
54) 6) dialog: C'mon, girl, talk to me, negotiate with me...
55) 0) text: Drunk, LeMalle stands in an alley with a bored, acne-scar Oriental PROSTITUTE.  He weaves and leers, his hand stuck inside her blouse.
55) 4) dialog: Goddamn!  Viking Bob!  Mitchell's inside, boring bastard...
55) 5) text: Grumbling, Viking Bob separates LeMalle from the Prostitu and drags him by the collar out of the alley.
56) 0) text: Meyerling's campaign posters cover the walls.  Many have been pulled down and muddied underfoot by the drunken cro In a booth covered with grafitti, Mitchell squints and wo on his scrimshaw.  LeMalle, somewhat sober, eats a plate muktuk -- whale blubber.  Viking Bob pours him more coffe
56) 16) dialog: There you go.  Wilder's always chummy with the fuckin' Bambi-lovers.
62) 0) text: Eric pulls up to the hangar.  Suddenly, LeMalle steps out from behind the building.
63) 0) text: LeMalle recognizes the International Scout.  He swings hi rifle up to stop it. Eric slams it in reverse and SCREECHES back around the hangar.
63) 3) text: LeMalle FIRES as the Scout rounds the corner.  He hits a fender, doing no damage.  Angry, he runs after the vehicl
67) 0) text: Chewing an unlit cheroot, Viking Bob pulls up next to Mitchell and LeMalle in the trappers' jeep.  They pile in
76) 3) text: They hop in.  He SCREECHES backwards to get a running sta REVS the engine, pops the clutch, and tears toward the bridge. As they reach the midpoint of the bridge it begins to buc under them.  With a sickening WRENCHING, the crossbar supports crumple. The jeep flies through the still-burning gasoline, become airborne, and SCRAPES to a rude stop on the edge of the pavement on the other side, the back wheels dangling in space. LeMalle and Mitchell gingerly get out and push the ass en of the jeep onto solid earth.
79) 1) text: Below, the trappers watch the plane zoom over their heads LeMalle points his carbine at it, but Viking Bob pushes t rifle down.
81) 0) text: Viking Bob watches, wide-eyed with fury.  Mitchell spits. LeMalle punches the wall.  Then he turns and repeatedly BLASTS the Scout, parked nearby, with his carbine.
101) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle head somberly back to Cache.  They drive along a hydraulic gold mining sluice o nearby river and come into town. As the trappers park their jeep, some MINERS greet them, shouting over the ROAR of the water.
102) 0) text: Outside, a STORM rages.  LeMalle is drunk, but still able stuff himself with a thick steak.  Mitchell drums his fingers and listens to everyone talk.  With them at the b are the Miners, LOGGERS, CAT SKINNERS (bulldozer drivers) and some leathery WOMEN.
102) 17) dialog: He's full of shit.  We got run out of there by some fuckhead driving a Northland truck.
102) 18) text: Viking Bob hurries in and whispers something in Mitchell' ear.  Mitchell shoots LeMalle a look and gets up.  The threesome hastily exit, leaving behind the hat full of money.
103) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle stand in a quiet corner near the front door.
103) 4) dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
103) 8) dialog: Maybe they went back to Devil's Cauldron.
103) 17) dialog: Wilder still woulda made Fairbanks by now.  Fuck a duck! Ben musta got loose.
117) 0) text: Mitchell stays in the jeep.  Viking Bob and LeMalle get o and walk cautiously toward the Turtle. LeMalle stands midway between the jeep and the Turtle, cradling his carbine.  Viking Bob goes up the steps.
120) 0) text: Anne Marie climbs out a window in the back.  She closes i behind her just as Viking Bob pokes his head in the rear module. The trappers snoop around, noticing that the coffee pot i still warm, etc.  The emptiness is ominous.  LeMalle pick up the big Remington bear rifle.  He opens the breech to determine if it's loaded, and sniffs the barrel to see if
121) 0) text: LeMalle goes outside and shines his flashlight around.
121) 1) text: In the back, Anne Marie drags an evergreen tree branch behind her to cover her tracks in the snow, then climbs i the utility compartment where Wilder's body was stored. A moment later, LeMalle comes around the corner.  He noti bear tracks and scat from the prior night's visit.
121) 3) dialog: (calls out to others) Grizzly sign.  Looks fresh.
121) 4) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell converge with LeMalle.  They poin their flashlights around, spotting footprints and marks going off into the woods.
122) 0) text: Tense and silent, the trappers follow the marks.  A breez RUSTLES the needles of the evergreens around them.  They stop at the point the footprints end.  A rhythmic CREAKIN above them makes LeMalle shine his light upward.
122) 12) dialog: Who gives a husky fuck?  Where's Ben?
124) 3) text: He sits on the couch and lays his scrimshaw and engraving tools out on the coffee table.  LeMalle helps himself in well-stocked larder.
124) 5) dialog: I say we eat, torch this fuckin' thing, and move on.
124) 6) text: LeMalle digs through the cupboards and comes up with a fr bottle of Scotch.
124) 10) dialog: Cool out.  I ain't about to get blasted.
125) 0) text: Flashlight in hand, gloriously drunk, LeMalle stumbles outside.  He crosses to the jeep to grab a box of Twinkie and, as long as he's at it, take a leak in a snowbank. Bleary-eyed, he notices the damage to the utility compartment inflicted by the bear. He walks to it, stepping over the bear scat.  He marvels the size and depth of the clawmarks.
125) 5) dialog: Big mother musta wanted something real bad in here...
125) 6) text: LeMalle tries the door, but it's jammed shut.  He tucks h flashlight under his arm and gives another tug.  This tim the door cracks open.
125) 8) text: LeMalle jumps back, startled, and pulls out his knife. tries the door again.  It WRENCHES open... ...He's looking at his own face in one of Anne Marie's mirrored photo reflector boards. Letting his breath out, LeMalle pokes around the equipmen in the compartment.  Ever larcenous, he pulls a few items out, examines them, and, disinterested, leaves them in th snow.  Doing so, he comes close to uncovering Anne Marie, who sits motionless and terrified in the back of the compartment. Nothing in the compartment catches LeMalle's fancy.  Leav the door hanging open, he wanders away.
133) 3) text: LeMalle carries his booty with him.  Viking Bob looks at disapprovingly as he puts the big Remington rifle in the jeep.
133) 5) dialog: I ain't gonna leave a seven- hundred-dollar Remington behind.
133) 9) dialog: Not in the right hands it ain't.
133) 15) dialog: (continuing) Thought that door was open last night...
133) 18) text: LeMalle climbs into the back of the jeep.  With Viking Bo driving, they pull away.
134) 0) text: Grinning maliciously, LeMalle hangs the Remington out the window as they retreat.  Taking careful aim, he SHOOTS.
135) 0) text: LeMalle's bullet hits the metal fuel tank of the generato The kerosene fumes EXPLODE, splattering BURNING KEROSENE the rear module of the Turtle. The trappers don't slow down to enjoy the show.  Viking B hurries on to more important business.
149) 0) text: With the seats pushed back, LeMalle peels the town's lone WHORE out of her parka.  He's got the motor running for warmth.  Her gold tooth glints in the light from the building next to them.  The locating screen on the beat-u radio beacon receiver bolted to the dash GLOWS phosphorescent green.
149) 4) dialog: I'm standin' guard duty. Besides, rather spend the room money on sloppy seconds.
149) 5) text: Over the sound of LeMalle's exertions there begins an insistent succession of BEEPS.  The Whore looks over LeMalle's shoulder at the locating device.
149) 8) text: LeMalle turns and immediately loses interest in the Whore Pushing her off of him, he blows the jeep's HORN three times.
152) 2) dialog: Northwest.  Devil's Cauldron.
152) 3) text: LeMalle dumps the half-naked Whore out onto the snow. Viking Bob starts the jeep and they roar off.
163) 0) text: The sound of a MOTOR grows in volume, then abruptly cease The trappers' jeep APPEARS in the snowfall on the road in town.  It coasts quietly in and stops behind the cover of woodpile across from Wilder's cabin. The trappers get out of the jeep.  LeMalle has Eric's Remington, Mitchell has his Peacemaker, and Viking Bob carries LeMalle's old carbine.  Mitchell spits.  It's so cold outside that the spittle freezes and CRACKS before i hits the ground. They fan out and approach Wilder's cabin.
164) 0) text: The trappers march through town like an advancing army, looking for some sign of Corbett.  LeMalle stops to dig through his pockets for some food.  All he comes up with the stump of a candy bar.  Viking Bob looks at him impatiently.
164) 4) dialog: (insulted) I'm right fuckin' here with you.
164) 5) text: To prove his point, LeMalle trots from dwelling to dwelli looking through windows and letting himself in through an unlocked door.  This proves fruitless, so he lets out a frustrated YELL.  Pointing the Remington skyward, he lets off a couple thunderous SHOTS that ECHO back off the foothills.
165) 2) dialog: Ben!  Speak out before I torch every dump in town!
166) 0) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell come running over to LeMalle. LeMalle fires another couple SHOTS for emphasis.
166) 2) dialog: (calls out) You hear me?  Ben?
170) 0) text: LeMalle grabs Viking Bob's arm.
170) 2) dialog: (to Viking Bob) Sweet-talk won't get shit. (calls out) Choose it, asswipe -- cut Corbett loose, or soon as you come outside, I put a fuckin' bullet through your eye!
173) 0) text: Unaware of Anne Marie's maneuver, the trappers wait for a response from Corbett.  None comes.  Viking Bob places a calming hand on LeMalle's shoulder.
176) 0) text: A CRACKING twig behind the cabins gets the trappers' attention.  Clutching his rifle, LeMalle goes to investigate.
176) 2) text: Anne Marie crouches behind a tree, twenty feet behind LeMalle.  After a moment, she tiptoes back toward the ren cabin.
180) 4) text: Angry, LeMalle BLASTS his rifle in direction of her VOICE
180) 6) dialog: (to Viking Bob) Kenai's PA -- but how the fuck she seein' us?
180) 9) text: Stalking, anxious, LeMalle follows Viking Bob.
183) 0) text: It's LeMalle.  He crosses to Kenai's generator.  With a well-placed rifle SHOT to its innards, he GRINDS it to a halt.
190) 0) text: LeMalle follows the footprints to the door Eric left ajar He peers inside.
191) 0) text: It's tomb-quiet except for water DRIPPING and pipes CREAKING.  LeMalle looks around.  The sound of a small DI against metal above him gets his attention. He sees a fleeting shadow cut across the catwalk above hi He finds a metal ladder, slings his rifle over his should and climbs up.  Hearing another SOUND on the far side of catwalk, he hurries across, holding onto the pipes for balance. LeMalle is directly above the huge central pool.  He duck to go under a long piece of twine running from the ceilin to a dark corner below.  Suddenly, the twine snaps tight, pulling open a heavy trap door on the ceiling.  The door swings down and knocks LeMalle off the catwalk.  With a yelp, he splashes into the water below.
191) 4) dialog: climbs out of the central pool, soaked.   He pulls his we jacket off and furiously throws it down.
196) 0) text: Anne Marie scurries by on her way to the airstrip. Suddenly, the hot springs door bursts open and LeMalle lunges at her.  Stripped of his wet clothes, he's wrapped
196) 6) text: She gets up, keeping the magnum pointed shakily toward hi LeMalle glowers menacingly.
196) 9) text: LeMalle slowly crouches down for his rifle.  Anne Marie wields the handgun at him, but he doesn't stop.
196) 11) dialog: Want to chance it with that hog-leg?  You can't even hold it up.  Better drop me first shot, bitch, or I'll rip your fuckin' lungs out.
196) 12) text: Taunting, sneering, LeMalle stares her down.  Anne Marie paralyzed.  Feeling that he's won, LeMalle wraps his bony fingers around the stock of the Remington. Anne Marie closes her eyes and FIRES.  Pulling the rifle close, LeMalle tucks and rolls and jumps to his feet.  An Marie FIRES again, and AGAIN.  Shot, LeMalle hobbles away leaving a trail of blood in the snow.  Numb, Anne Marie l her arm fall.
198) 0) text: Kenai looks around at the messy RESULTS of LeMalle's ransacking for things to wear.  Kenai turns, startled, wh he hears footsteps.  It's Neff and Meyerling.
200) 0) text: Mitchell is about to do just that when a hand on his shoulder stops him.  It's LeMalle, oblivious to the profu bleeding from his right shoulder.  Mitchell blinks, still having trouble seeing.  LeMalle gestures for him to be qu and points in Eric and Corbett's direction.
200) 2) dialog: (whispers) Over there...
200) 7) dialog: Bullshit.  I hit what I'm aiming at.
200) 10) text: But LeMalle is too anxious.  He swings the rifle up, left-handed, and SHOOTS.
201) 0) text: Mitchell and LeMalle scatter under the hail of bullets.
202) 10) text: Then, from somewhere close by, LeMalle FIRES at them.  Er stuffs the .357 in his belt and uses a brick to knock the padlock off the back door of the depot.  He pushes Corbet inside.
203) 0) text: The pony-tailed, ex-hippie PILOT shuts his engines off an removes his Walkman headphones.  Hearing LeMalle's continuing GUNSHOTS, the Pilot pulls his door closed and turns on his two-way radio.
205) 28) text: Suddenly, LeMalle stumbles into the depot, the blankets a furs dragging at his feet.  His right side is bathed in blood.  Half-frozen, bled dry, he looks ready to drop dow dead.  In his left hand, impossibly, he still clutches th massive Remington. He hoists it to his hip and grits his teeth as he BOLTS a round into the chamber with his injured right arm.  Braci himself, he levels the rifle at Eric. Hearing the ACTION of the rifle, Eric turns. Corbett reaches down, grabs a rusty Eskimo spear in both handcuffed hands, and hurls it. There is a deafening ROAR as LeMalle's rifle discharges. LeMalle flies back from the recoil -- and from the spear stuck clear through his chest. Some packing material above Eric's head smolders, ignited the muzzle blast.