21) 5) dialog: for State Legislature VOTE FOR THE PEOPLE'S FRIEND!
22) 0) text: Corbett and the other trappers drive past Meyerling and p their jeep as the sun disappears behind the foothills.
23) 17) text: Kenai nods agreeably and holds his hand out.  Corbett pay him.  Meyerling comes in and posts some fliers on the corkboard.
23) 19) dialog: I hope I can count on you gentlemen to vote for The People's Friend this November.
23) 22) text: Meyerling smiles like a toad, then slaps another poster o the wall.  LeMalle throws his knife and it STICKS in the poster between Meyerling's spread fingers.  Meyerling jum back and the trappers laugh.  Meyerling looks to Wilder f support.
23) 26) dialog: (exiting; grudgeless) Have your fun... just remember The People's Friend come election day.
56) 0) text: Meyerling's campaign posters cover the walls.  Many have been pulled down and muddied underfoot by the drunken cro In a booth covered with grafitti, Mitchell squints and wo on his scrimshaw.  LeMalle, somewhat sober, eats a plate muktuk -- whale blubber.  Viking Bob pours him more coffe
98) 0) text: Meyerling's Dodge truck pulls up.  Anne Marie comes outsi Her smile wilts when she sees it's not Eric.  As Meyerlin climbs the embankment to the Turtle, he glances at Wilder snowmobile parked alongside the Turtle.
98) 2) dialog: I've been trying to raise you on the shortwave for two days.
98) 7) dialog: I have not, but I very much want to.  What do you know about the trouble in Devil's Cauldron?
98) 11) dialog: -- Get this straight: I'm the District Supervisor.  Whatever you do reflects on me.  It wasn't my idea to bring you people up here, but I'm stuck with you. You are absolutely not to involve yourself in any local disputes. Whichever side you take, you alienate the other.  Mr. Corbett is quite well-known in this region.  People admire him --
98) 18) dialog: I don't care if Ben Corbett makes meatloaf out of nuns and babies, he's not your concern. Understood?
98) 19) text: Anne Marie just glares at him.  Meyerling examines the damaged shortwave.
98) 21) dialog: (continuing) What happened here?
98) 25) dialog: Where'd you say Eric is?
98) 29) dialog: What about that hotheaded marshal, Sam Wilder?  I heard he was in the middle of this mess.
98) 33) dialog: Really.  I thought maybe that was his snowmobile outside. (beat) By the way -- your truck also 'on the fritz?'
98) 37) dialog: It's out by the pumping station, shot full of holes.
98) 40) dialog: (continuing) Still nothing to tell me? (no reply) Suit yourself.
147) 3) text: Before Eric can protest, the door OPENS again.  It's Meyerling.  He snaps his fingers at Dixie to shoo her and she scurries away.
147) 8) dialog: I hate to interrupt playtime, but why the hell are you caught up in a local matter when I gave you express instructions to the contrary?!
150) 0) text: Eric and Meyerling are in the middle of an argument.
150) 7) dialog: Alleged killer.
150) 11) dialog: (sneering) You can't see past your lousy little assignment, sniffing around the pipeline.  The few voters there are in this district look up to Corbett, and I'm not about to alienate them.
150) 15) dialog: This miserable wilderness is a state of the union.  Policy's made here the same way as in the civilized world: at the ballot box.  That's the beauty of it -- these icebox cowboys are living a century too late.  Get them on your side, it's like buying Manhattan for beads.  With a handful of votes you control the greatest frontier since white men stumbled onto the New World.
198) 0) text: Kenai looks around at the messy RESULTS of LeMalle's ransacking for things to wear.  Kenai turns, startled, wh he hears footsteps.  It's Neff and Meyerling.
198) 11) dialog: Hey, I thought you people loved Corbett and his wild men!
198) 15) dialog: What about you, Neff?
198) 19) dialog: (suddenly on the bandwagon) -- One left; three of us.  Let's finish it.
198) 23) dialog: I'll handle him.
205) 0) text: The depot, as temporary-looking as the rest of Devil's Cauldron, is a boxcar-shaped loading dock and warehouse w a corrugated steel roof.  Boxes, wood palettes and hand dollies are piled haphazardly about. Eric and Corbett navigate through the piles of boxes, inching toward the front door -- the door leading to the plane. Suddenly, a string of overhead lights come on.  Eric goes for the .357, then stops when he sees Meyerling, Kenai an Neff have come in the front door.  Kenai stomps his feet shivers.  Grandstanding for the others, Meyerling steps forward.
205) 2) dialog: Nobody wants any more killings; we all agree to that, correct? (no one argues) That's good.  Now, Eric, you're gonna hand your prisoner over to us.
205) 6) dialog: This isn't your concern.  It's over, here and now.
205) 10) dialog: Not a bad idea.  Face it, Ben. There's no room in Alaska for you any more.
205) 11) text: Meyerling pokes with his foot at a tipped-over rack of Eskimo paraphernalia -- masks, furs, big skin drums, fish and bear-spears.
205) 13) dialog: (continuing) You're as antiquated as this shit.
205) 14) text: Meyerling moves toward Corbett, but Eric stands in his wa
205) 27) text: Kenai and Neff move in with Meyerling.  Eric stands his ground and reaches for the .357 in his belt.
205) 29) text: There is a moment of silence.  Corbett looks at the other weapons near him, and then at Meyerling.  Threatened, Meyerling pulls out a .380 automatic.  Before Eric can do anything, Meyerling FIRES. The IMPACT of the bullet throws Corbett against some boxe