8) 3) text: In the passenger seat, MITCHELL (38), chews tobacco and looks grim.  He's a squat, flat-faced Okie, with curly matted hair and tired grey eyes.  He's dressed in a brown long coat and has a Colt .45 Peacemaker in a quick-draw holster strapped to his leg.  Despite his intimidating ai confrontation is not his style. He spots a figure up ahead, where the road crosses a mudd creek.
8) 5) dialog: He's over there.
12) 5) dialog: (to Corbett) Ain't worth it, Ben...
17) 0) text: Corbett broods while driving.  Mitchell looks out the window.  The silence makes LeMalle uncomfortable.
17) 8) dialog: Then don't look to your left.
19) 7) dialog: Let's keep going.  We're only an hour from Devil's Cauldron.
20) 30) text: Corbett chuckles and Mitchell spits.
20) 35) dialog: (to LeMalle) If you're gonna take something, take it and let's go.
20) 40) text: Suddenly, Sportsman #3 reaches inside his parka and pulls the pistol.  He swings it toward LeMalle. LeMalle looks up when he hears the HAMMER cock. There is a deafeningly loud SHOT. Sportsman #3 falls down dead at LeMalle's feet. Off to one side, Corbett holds a huge, smoking .44 magnum six-shooter in his hand. Shotgun in hand, Sportsman #1 gauges his chances of blast Corbett.  Nil.  When Corbett turns to him, he lies the weapon down.  Sportsman #2 rushes to his friend. Looking bleak, Mitchell spits again.  Corbett crosses to LeMalle and knocks from his hands the things he wanted to steal.  Chastised, LeMalle smolders.  After a moment:
20) 47) dialog: It was self defense.  Leave it at that.
20) 58) text: Corbett and Mitchell get in their jeep.
20) 65) dialog: At least he scalped the dead one.
25) 0) text: Corbett peers out the tiny window, frowning.  LeMalle cle his carbine while eating beans and bacon.  Mitchell hunch over a table.  He's making a scrimshaw -- delicately engraving, using homemade tools, on a palm-sized piece of whale bone.  He rubs his eyes and looks up at Corbett.
25) 2) dialog: So much for the walking weather you predicted.
25) 9) dialog: I know.  Least you didn't shoot all of them.
25) 14) text: Mitchell glances at LeMalle, then at Corbett.
25) 18) dialog: Okay by me.  You're the one likes these hot springs so much.
56) 0) text: Meyerling's campaign posters cover the walls.  Many have been pulled down and muddied underfoot by the drunken cro In a booth covered with grafitti, Mitchell squints and wo on his scrimshaw.  LeMalle, somewhat sober, eats a plate muktuk -- whale blubber.  Viking Bob pours him more coffe
56) 2) dialog: (to Viking Bob) ...Ben never sent a signal.
56) 10) dialog: Meaning he'll need a plane.
56) 14) dialog: Hang on... (to LeMalle) Remember that Cessna we saw at the pumping station on the Haul Road?  Belongs to the guy they got patrolling the pipeline.
56) 20) dialog: You got a better idea?
63) 2) dialog: Aim for the tires!
65) 0) text: Mitchell runs out in front of them and BLASTS the front o the Scout with his .45 Peacemaker.  Steam HISSES out of t radiator.  Eric floors it and races past Mitchell, almost hitting him.
67) 0) text: Chewing an unlit cheroot, Viking Bob pulls up next to Mitchell and LeMalle in the trappers' jeep.  They pile in
76) 3) text: They hop in.  He SCREECHES backwards to get a running sta REVS the engine, pops the clutch, and tears toward the bridge. As they reach the midpoint of the bridge it begins to buc under them.  With a sickening WRENCHING, the crossbar supports crumple. The jeep flies through the still-burning gasoline, become airborne, and SCRAPES to a rude stop on the edge of the pavement on the other side, the back wheels dangling in space. LeMalle and Mitchell gingerly get out and push the ass en of the jeep onto solid earth.
81) 0) text: Viking Bob watches, wide-eyed with fury.  Mitchell spits. LeMalle punches the wall.  Then he turns and repeatedly BLASTS the Scout, parked nearby, with his carbine.
101) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle head somberly back to Cache.  They drive along a hydraulic gold mining sluice o nearby river and come into town. As the trappers park their jeep, some MINERS greet them, shouting over the ROAR of the water.
101) 4) dialog: You'll want to hear about it with a drink in your mitt.
102) 0) text: Outside, a STORM rages.  LeMalle is drunk, but still able stuff himself with a thick steak.  Mitchell drums his fingers and listens to everyone talk.  With them at the b are the Miners, LOGGERS, CAT SKINNERS (bulldozer drivers) and some leathery WOMEN.
102) 18) text: Viking Bob hurries in and whispers something in Mitchell' ear.  Mitchell shoots LeMalle a look and gets up.  The threesome hastily exit, leaving behind the hat full of money.
103) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle stand in a quiet corner near the front door.
103) 10) dialog: Naah, Wilder knows we got friends in town.
103) 21) dialog: (smiles) We were just talking about him.
117) 0) text: Mitchell stays in the jeep.  Viking Bob and LeMalle get o and walk cautiously toward the Turtle. LeMalle stands midway between the jeep and the Turtle, cradling his carbine.  Viking Bob goes up the steps.
119) 3) text: He shrugs to the others, then tries the door.  It's unlocked. Mitchell gets out of the jeep, spits and follows the othe in, his hand close to the Colt Peacemaker strapped to his leg.
121) 4) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell converge with LeMalle.  They poin their flashlights around, spotting footprints and marks going off into the woods.
122) 1) text: The light REVEALS Wilder's feet swinging back and forth above their heads.  His body is suspended in the manner o trail cache.  Viking Bob lets out a startled grunt.  He a Mitchell shine their lights on Wilder's face.
122) 3) dialog: It's Sam Wilder!
122) 7) dialog: Where's the kid?
124) 2) dialog: I should get me a job with an oil company.
152) 0) text: The green dot on the screen and rhythmic BLEEP go suddenl dead, just as Viking Bob and Mitchell run up to the jeep.
163) 0) text: The sound of a MOTOR grows in volume, then abruptly cease The trappers' jeep APPEARS in the snowfall on the road in town.  It coasts quietly in and stops behind the cover of woodpile across from Wilder's cabin. The trappers get out of the jeep.  LeMalle has Eric's Remington, Mitchell has his Peacemaker, and Viking Bob carries LeMalle's old carbine.  Mitchell spits.  It's so cold outside that the spittle freezes and CRACKS before i hits the ground. They fan out and approach Wilder's cabin.
166) 0) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell come running over to LeMalle. LeMalle fires another couple SHOTS for emphasis.
178) 4) dialog: (smiles tightly) They'll have to come right past us.
180) 13) dialog: splits off from them and looks for footprints in the snow
192) 1) dialog: has seen their faint silhouettes through the snow.  He purposely SHOOTS over their heads so he doesn't hit Corbe
195) 0) text: Hearing Viking Bob's cries, Mitchell backtracks and rushe to Viking Bob's aid.  Between them, they manage to yawn o the jaws of the trap and free Viking Bob's leg.  Viking B tries to walk but the leg won't support him -- the bone i broken.  Bitterly frustrated, he waves Mitchell on.  In agony, Viking Bob eases down in the snow.  He tears a str of lining from his coat and wraps his leg to stop the bleeding.
199) 5) text: Eric takes out the homemade flashbomb.  He lights it, tos it toward Mitchell and covers his eyes.  It EXPLODES with muffled pop and a bright flash of white light. Mitchell stumbles backwards and blinks his eyes.  The fla has temporarily clouded his vision. Eric moves Corbett to another approach to the depot and waits for Mitchell to move on.
200) 0) text: Mitchell is about to do just that when a hand on his shoulder stops him.  It's LeMalle, oblivious to the profu bleeding from his right shoulder.  Mitchell blinks, still having trouble seeing.  LeMalle gestures for him to be qu and points in Eric and Corbett's direction.
200) 5) dialog: (whispers) Hold it.  You might hit Ben.
200) 9) dialog: Let 'em come closer first...
201) 0) text: Mitchell and LeMalle scatter under the hail of bullets.
202) 0) text: Reaching the rear wall, they practically stumble over something.  It's Mitchell, lying on the ground near the wall, badly wounded by Eric's barrage.  Eric gasps. Anguished, Corbett kneels next to Mitchell.  Mitchell pul him closer.
202) 2) dialog: Glad to see you're okay.  I told LeMalle not to shoot. (tries to smile) Had some fine seasons, didn't we...
202) 3) text: Mitchell's grasp on Corbett's coat relaxes as he dies. Horrified, Eric stares at the man he killed.  Noticing th scrimshaw lying on the snow where it slipped from Mitchel pocket, Corbett picks it up.
202) 6) text: Glaring at Eric, Corbett dips his hand in Mitchell's bloo and suddenly smears it across Eric's mouth.  Repelled, Er pulls back.
208) 17) text: Too tired to argue, Corbett leans back against the window He takes Mitchell's scrimshaw out of his pocket and looks it.
208) 20) text: Eric sighs as he looks at the blood -- Mitchell's blood - on the back of his hand.  He stares at Corbett for a long moment.  Then, resolved, he climbs up front and says something to the Pilot.  Grumbling, the Pilot adjusts his controls.