38) 0) text: An old primer-grey station wagon rattles into town and parks.  With an unlit cheroot stuck in his mouth, "VIKING BOB CORBETT gets out and stretches.  He's 38, six-foot-si with sandy hair, beard, ruddy skin, and his brother's dar eyes. He looks around for some sign of life.  He spots Neff tending one of the windmills and walks over to him.
38) 2) dialog: I'm looking for some trappers. Ben Corbett, Mitchell, LeMalle. Seen 'em?
38) 6) dialog: Shit.
38) 7) text: As Viking Bob walks back to his station wagon, he notices Kenai poking around in front of Wilder's cabin.
38) 9) text: Viking Bob ambles over to Kenai.
38) 11) dialog: These yours?
39) 0) text: Wilder peers out the window and sees Viking Bob, then tur to Corbett.
40) 0) text: The look on Wilder's face tells Kenai to shut up.  Viking Bob realizes something's up.
40) 4) dialog: -- To Cache.  So I heard.  Ben never said nothing to me about selling his gear.
42) 3) text: Viking Bob responds by flinging a heavy trap at Wilder, t punching him in the gut.  Wilder sprawls among the junk, dropping his revolver.  Kenai freezes, not about to take sides. Before Viking Bob can come at him again, Wilder grabs for his .357. Viking Bob jumps back and bolts for his car.
44) 0) text: There is a full moon and a clear night sky.  Viking Bob's station wagon is parked out of sight.  He sits inside, waiting. He hears an ENGINE starting in the distance.  Sitting up, grabs some binoculars.
45) 0) text: In the bright moonlight, two people are seen in Wilder's truck as it speeds along a dirt road. Viking Bob follows at a discreet distance, headlights off
45) 4) text: Viking Bob turns and takes the literal high road -- a nar trail above the roadway that Wilder's truck is on. He zooms ahead and gets in front of his quarry, then drop back down onto the road and waits in ambush. As Wilder's truck approaches, Viking Bob turns on his bri lights and crouches behind his car door with a shotgun. Wilder's truck screeches to a stop.
45) 5) text: Kenai gets out with his hands up. Viking Bob slowly approaches Wilder's truck.
45) 7) dialog: Ben?
45) 8) text: No answer.  Viking Bob looks in the cab.  Kenai's passeng is Dixie, the Inupiat hooker.  Viking Bob grabs Kenai and pushes the barrel of the shotgun hard against his cheek.
45) 10) dialog: (continuing) Where's Ben Corbett?
45) 14) dialog: Where did they go?
45) 17) text: Viking Bob shoves Kenai against the truck, then punches h for good measure.  Cussing, he runs back to his station wagon and drives off.
54) 0) text: Viking Bob approaches in his station wagon on a narrow di road.  The huge night sky all but smothers the weak light from the town up ahead. Cache seems a mistake -- a jumble of unpainted buildings the middle of a big nothing, twenty miles north of the Arctic Circle.  Still, it's more animated than Devil's Cauldron.  There are a hundred permanent residents, sever taverns and a three-store, fly-in shopping center.
54) 4) dialog: as he parks and gets out of his station wagon.  He hears familiar VOICE around the side of the building.
55) 2) dialog: LeMalle.  We got a problem. Where's Mitchell?
55) 5) text: Grumbling, Viking Bob separates LeMalle from the Prostitu and drags him by the collar out of the alley.
56) 0) text: Meyerling's campaign posters cover the walls.  Many have been pulled down and muddied underfoot by the drunken cro In a booth covered with grafitti, Mitchell squints and wo on his scrimshaw.  LeMalle, somewhat sober, eats a plate muktuk -- whale blubber.  Viking Bob pours him more coffe
56) 4) dialog: Musta never got a chance to -more-
56) 12) dialog: Closest planes for hire are here in Cache.
56) 18) dialog: It's a long shot.
67) 0) text: Chewing an unlit cheroot, Viking Bob pulls up next to Mitchell and LeMalle in the trappers' jeep.  They pile in
69) 0) text: As the Scout heads for the Feldspar Creek bridge, it disappears from sight over a hill. 71   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK Viking Bob zooms over Feldspar Creek.  They come over the rise, but the Scout still can't be seen ahead of them.
71) 0) text: The trappers realize their quarry is missing.  Viking Bob slams on the brakes and looks around.
75) 0) text: Eric helps Corbett into the cockpit, then secures his handcuffs to the frame of the seat with more nylon rope. 81   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK Viking Bob assesses the damage to the bridge.  Loose from the abutments, it wobbles like a diving board.  Below, th water is too deep and fast-moving to be traversable.
76) 0) text: Eric tries to turn the ENGINE over.  The starter is slugg from cold and lack of use. 83   EXT.  HAUL ROAD &amp; FELDSPAR CREEK Viking Bob looks at the others, bursting with frustration He climbs into the driver's seat.
76) 2) dialog: Get in.  We can jump it.
79) 1) text: Below, the trappers watch the plane zoom over their heads LeMalle points his carbine at it, but Viking Bob pushes t rifle down.
81) 0) text: Viking Bob watches, wide-eyed with fury.  Mitchell spits. LeMalle punches the wall.  Then he turns and repeatedly BLASTS the Scout, parked nearby, with his carbine.
101) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle head somberly back to Cache.  They drive along a hydraulic gold mining sluice o nearby river and come into town. As the trappers park their jeep, some MINERS greet them, shouting over the ROAR of the water.
102) 18) text: Viking Bob hurries in and whispers something in Mitchell' ear.  Mitchell shoots LeMalle a look and gets up.  The threesome hastily exit, leaving behind the hat full of money.
103) 0) text: Viking Bob, Mitchell and LeMalle stand in a quiet corner near the front door.
103) 2) dialog: I called the cops in Fairbanks, see when Ben is standing trial. They don't know shit about Ben or Wilder!
103) 6) dialog: It's a three-hour flight.  They shoulda got there yesterday.
103) 12) dialog: That plane might've been to throw us off the track.  Remember the bait-and-switch Wilder pulled with the Eskimo and his truck?
103) 19) dialog: Okay, let's backtrack, try to pick up his trail.  You know the kid out on the pipeline that Wilder's buddies with?
117) 0) text: Mitchell stays in the jeep.  Viking Bob and LeMalle get o and walk cautiously toward the Turtle. LeMalle stands midway between the jeep and the Turtle, cradling his carbine.  Viking Bob goes up the steps.
118) 0) text: Anne Marie remembers something she should've taken with h the rifle.  Too late.  She hears Viking Bob's FOOTSTEPS ( come up the wooden stairs outside.
119) 0) text: Viking Bob knocks on the front door.  He peers through th sheer curtain on the window, into the front module.
119) 2) dialog: Hullo?
120) 0) text: Anne Marie climbs out a window in the back.  She closes i behind her just as Viking Bob pokes his head in the rear module. The trappers snoop around, noticing that the coffee pot i still warm, etc.  The emptiness is ominous.  LeMalle pick up the big Remington bear rifle.  He opens the breech to determine if it's loaded, and sniffs the barrel to see if
120) 5) dialog: Somebody left in a big hurry. (to LeMalle) Check outside.
121) 4) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell converge with LeMalle.  They poin their flashlights around, spotting footprints and marks going off into the woods.
122) 1) text: The light REVEALS Wilder's feet swinging back and forth above their heads.  His body is suspended in the manner o trail cache.  Viking Bob lets out a startled grunt.  He a Mitchell shine their lights on Wilder's face.
122) 5) dialog: Musta wanted to keep him from the bears.  If Ben killed him, he sure as hell wouldn't hang him up like this.
124) 8) dialog: Go easy.
126) 2) dialog: I know in my gut he was here. First light, we try to get scent of his trail.
133) 2) dialog: My guess is he's loose and heading for Chukfoktulik.  He'll need supplies; that's the closest settlement without a lawman.
133) 3) text: LeMalle carries his booty with him.  Viking Bob looks at disapprovingly as he puts the big Remington rifle in the jeep.
133) 7) dialog: (exasperated) What you gonna do with it?  Large bore's for shit on small game.
133) 17) dialog: Quit fucking around.  Get in.
152) 0) text: The green dot on the screen and rhythmic BLEEP go suddenl dead, just as Viking Bob and Mitchell run up to the jeep.
152) 3) text: LeMalle dumps the half-naked Whore out onto the snow. Viking Bob starts the jeep and they roar off.
163) 0) text: The sound of a MOTOR grows in volume, then abruptly cease The trappers' jeep APPEARS in the snowfall on the road in town.  It coasts quietly in and stops behind the cover of woodpile across from Wilder's cabin. The trappers get out of the jeep.  LeMalle has Eric's Remington, Mitchell has his Peacemaker, and Viking Bob carries LeMalle's old carbine.  Mitchell spits.  It's so cold outside that the spittle freezes and CRACKS before i hits the ground. They fan out and approach Wilder's cabin.
163) 3) dialog: (calls out) Ben?  Ben Corbett?
163) 4) text: No response.  Carbine held at his hip, Viking Bob walks u to the door and, with a mighty kick, BREAKS it in.
164) 0) text: The trappers march through town like an advancing army, looking for some sign of Corbett.  LeMalle stops to dig through his pockets for some food.  All he comes up with the stump of a candy bar.  Viking Bob looks at him impatiently.
164) 2) dialog: Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars.
166) 0) text: Viking Bob and Mitchell come running over to LeMalle. LeMalle fires another couple SHOTS for emphasis.
166) 4) dialog: (to LeMalle) Ease off.  We do this my way.
166) 7) dialog: (continuing; calls out) Whoever's holding Ben Corbett, listen to me: we just want to know he's okay.  He is, nobody gets hurt.
168) 7) dialog: You in one piece?
168) 11) dialog: Count on it.
170) 0) text: LeMalle grabs Viking Bob's arm.
171) 16) dialog: Ben?
173) 0) text: Unaware of Anne Marie's maneuver, the trappers wait for a response from Corbett.  None comes.  Viking Bob places a calming hand on LeMalle's shoulder.
173) 2) dialog: Just wait, we don't know what this guy's up to.  Ben'll let us know what to do.
178) 2) dialog: There's what they're waiting on!
180) 8) dialog: Doesn't matter.  We know where they're going.  C'mon.
180) 9) text: Stalking, anxious, LeMalle follows Viking Bob.
193) 0) text: Viking Bob follows their footprints in between the buildings.  He continues to a point where they converge t one set, then stop.  He smiles at the naivete of Eric's ploy.  Looking at the boardwalk railing above, he assumes Eric and Corbett have swung over it onto the iced-over boardwalk.  Pleased with his deduction, Viking Bob contin along the alley. SNAP!  Viking Bob lets out a horrible HOWL and falls on h back in the snow.  Biting into his right calf is a huge conibear leg trap.  In extreme pain, he struggles to leve it open with the barrel of his rifle.
194) 0) text: Corbett shoots Eric a dangerous look as Viking Bob's CRIE carry though the town.
195) 0) text: Hearing Viking Bob's cries, Mitchell backtracks and rushe to Viking Bob's aid.  Between them, they manage to yawn o the jaws of the trap and free Viking Bob's leg.  Viking B tries to walk but the leg won't support him -- the bone i broken.  Bitterly frustrated, he waves Mitchell on.  In agony, Viking Bob eases down in the snow.  He tears a str of lining from his coat and wraps his leg to stop the bleeding.