23) 0) text: A handwritten public notice next to a schedule of church meetings reads: "Live each day so you can look every damn man in the eye and tell him to go to hell."  There is a p office in the corner with some combination boxes and a wicketless window. The trappers come in.  Corbett sits in a chair and pulls boots off.  One of his wool socks is wet.  He nods to the man sitting in the other chair, SAM WILDER.  Wilder is sh and tough, with a full head of crewcut grey hair and weather- ravaged face that makes him look older than his sixty years.
23) 4) dialog: (wary) Ben...boys.  Yeah, real slow, and I'd like to keep it that way.
23) 22) text: Meyerling smiles like a toad, then slaps another poster o the wall.  LeMalle throws his knife and it STICKS in the poster between Meyerling's spread fingers.  Meyerling jum back and the trappers laugh.  Meyerling looks to Wilder f support.
23) 24) dialog: (to Meyerling) One flier comes loose and I shoot you for littering.
23) 28) dialog: (shakes his head) Oil Company candidate running on that slogan makes about as much sense as a rat fucking a grapefruit.
23) 43) dialog: I'm living proof of that sad fact.
23) 47) dialog: No, I better stay at my post. Even without the hootch riling 'em up, you know how mean-spirited folks get when they smell winter coming.
26) 0) text: The winds have died down.  The rain has turned to a light snow. A mobile arctic dwelling sits on a rise next to the Haul Road.  It's a double-unit weathertight cocoon of fibergla and aluminum, pulled by a diesel rig on oversized tires. The front module is 12 by 24, the rear 12 by 18. An extended-cab pickup pulls up and Sam Wilder gets out. The gravel-and-dirt Haul Road, paralleling the pipeline f 400 miles, is closed to the public.  An arriving vehicle, therefore, is news.  The front door of the dwelling opens Eric and Anne Marie come outside, delighted to see Wilder
26) 5) dialog: I was making my rounds, saw your hangar wide open, plane getting rained on, so I closed it up.
26) 11) dialog: (smiles) Bet you're right.  But I didn't come by to wangle a meal --
26) 14) text: Anne Marie shoots a look at Eric but doesn't disagree -- this is obviously an issue with them.  Wilder looks with amusement at the mobile dwelling.
26) 16) dialog: What'd you say they call these spaceships?
26) 26) dialog: Watch it with Meyerling.  Man's as mean and corrupt as they get. Cut his mother's throat if it'd get him a couple votes.
26) 33) dialog: Damn.  Likely that's an SOS. Have to pass on that lunch.
27) 0) text: Everything seems peaceful enough.  The SOS fire (made fro burning green branches for white smoke and rubber for bla smoke) has burnt down to embers. Eric, Anne Marie and Wilder pull up in Wilder's pickup. The two Sportsmen sit in the front seat of the Land Rover but they don't react to the arrival of the rescuers.  In back seat, a reflective camping blanket covers a large ma Something is amiss.  Eric shoots a look of trepidation at Anne Marie as they get out of the pickup.   Wilder pulls door of the Land Rover open. A Sportsman slumps out onto the ground.  His eyes are ope and his tongue pokes out between his lips.  His skin is blue-white. (He looks, in fact, much like Eric's nightmar Startled, Eric steps back.  Anne Marie gasps with horror. Wilder unzips the Sportsman's light windbreaker and liste for a heartbeat.  Nothing.
27) 2) dialog: Stupid goddamn greenhorns!  Froze to death.
27) 6) dialog: They got wet in the rain.  Core body temperature dropped, got drowsy, probably didn't even know what was happening.
27) 12) dialog: (continuing) Question is why they sat here when the storm moved in.  Check their stuff while I sniff around.
27) 13) text: Wilder tries the ignition.  The starter TURNS OVER, but t engine makes a horrendous GRINDING.  He walks to the fron of the vehicle.  Noticing the bullet holes in the grille, bends down for a closer look.
28) 0) text: Eric runs over to her as she tries to catch her breath. Wilder looks at the third Sportsman and angrily kicks the side of the Land Rover.
28) 2) dialog: I'm too old for this shit.
28) 5) text: Sourly, Wilder points to a patch of frozen mud under the vehicle.
28) 7) dialog: A certain sonofabitch bastard -more-
28) 12) text: Wilder examines the Sportsman, finding the bullet hole in his chest.
28) 14) dialog: (continuing) Even for Ben Corbett, this is nasty.  Man's got balls.  He was sitting in Devil's Cauldron when I left, calm as can be.
28) 18) dialog: Not necessarily.  Corbett's awful hardbitten these days.
28) 19) text: Wilder leans against the Land Rover, feeling tired.
28) 21) dialog: (continuing) His old roaming area's all private reserve now.  Normally, long as he stays civil in my jurisdiction, I let him be. (beat) Won't be able to take him by my lonesome, though.  Nobody in town'll lift a finger on this.
30) 28) dialog: But I would.
30) 29) text: Wilder has come in the back way and stands behind Corbett with a 12-gauge shotgun.  He kicks Corbett's magnum out o reach.
30) 33) dialog: You left a footprint at the Sportsmen's camp.  Only pretty sight there, Ben, 'cause the two men you didn't shoot and mutilate died of exposure.
30) 38) dialog: (to Eric) I got it from here.  Thanks.
31) 6) text: Wilder comes out of the spa with his shotgun and Corbett' duffel bag cradled in his arm.  Handcuffed, Corbett walks front of him. Kenai looks down to avoid eye contact with Corbett as he goes by.  Corbett stops next to Eric and smiles.
32) 0) text: as he leads Corbett along the boardwalk to the other end town.  They approach a prefab house perched on skids unde tall antenna tower.  Mounted above the shack, a DC wind charger turbine spins lazily in the faint breeze.  From within the cabin comes an anomalous SOUND -- MTV.  Wilder KNOCKS on the door. ARTHUR NEFF, a pasty-white, 45-year-old ex-Texan, pulls t door open.  His customary grin fades when he sees Corbett
33) 0) text: Wilder pushes Corbett inside past Neff.
33) 2) dialog: I need to call Fairbanks.
33) 5) dialog: (continuing) Neff!  Dial it up.  State police.
33) 12) text: After a moment, he hands the receiver to Wilder.  Wilder takes it, keeping one eye and the shotgun on Corbett.
33) 14) dialog: (on phone) This is Sam Wilder, Marshal in Devil's Cauldron.  Had some killings here.  I got a suspect; be real nice if someone came and took him off my hands.
33) 18) dialog: (on phone) Next plane's not coming 'til next Monday.
33) 22) dialog: (on phone) This man's friends ain't gonna look favorably on his incarceration.
33) 25) text: Angry, Wilder slams the receiver down.
34) 0) text: In one room, there is a wood-burning cookstove and an Ash heat stove, a table, a bunk and a small window.  Behind a cloth partition is an eight by six holding cell.  The fra of an iron-bar door is securely cemented to the log walls Wilder comes in with Corbett and locks him in the cell.
34) 6) text: Wilder does mind.  He locks the duffel bag and Corbett's in his desk drawer.
34) 10) dialog: If that was all, fine.  But carving him up, stranding the others, that's too fucking much. Is everything that walks, crawls, flies or swims fair game to you?
34) 14) dialog: Don't try me.  I'll kill you if it comes to it.
38) 7) text: As Viking Bob walks back to his station wagon, he notices Kenai poking around in front of Wilder's cabin.
38) 8) text: Illuminated by a bare bulb is Wilder's typical bush-count front yard.  Piled are five cords of wood, boxes, tarps, stove parts, saw horses, 55-gallon drums, dismantled snow machines, wash tubs, tires, etc. Bunching his collar around his neck, Kenai shivers and so through Corbett's traps.
39) 0) text: Wilder peers out the window and sees Viking Bob, then tur to Corbett.
39) 5) dialog: Back against the bars.  Now.
39) 6) text: Wilder handcuffs Corbett's hands to the cell door bars, t quickly wraps a piece of duct tape across Corbett's face, covering his mouth. Stuffing a .357 magnum in his belt, Wilder, coatless, sli outside. As soon as he's out the door, Corbett cranes his neck and painfully tries to pry the tape off his face with the cor of the door hinge.
40) 0) text: The look on Wilder's face tells Kenai to shut up.  Viking Bob realizes something's up.
40) 2) dialog: Your brother and the boys left me some traps to sell for them. They're gone --
42) 0) text: Wilder pulls his .357 out.
42) 2) dialog: Sorry, Bob.  I'll have to keep you here 'til I ship him south.
42) 3) text: Viking Bob responds by flinging a heavy trap at Wilder, t punching him in the gut.  Wilder sprawls among the junk, dropping his revolver.  Kenai freezes, not about to take sides. Before Viking Bob can come at him again, Wilder grabs for his .357. Viking Bob jumps back and bolts for his car.
42) 7) text: Kenai helps Wilder up.  Pissed, Wilder shoves him against the cabin.
42) 9) dialog: (continuing) You stupid, greedy, loudmouth sonofabitch!  He'll have the others here in a few hours.  You fucked me up, now you're gonna help me move him.
44) 1) text: Wilder's extended cab truck pulls out, heading west.
45) 0) text: In the bright moonlight, two people are seen in Wilder's truck as it speeds along a dirt road. Viking Bob follows at a discreet distance, headlights off
45) 4) text: Viking Bob turns and takes the literal high road -- a nar trail above the roadway that Wilder's truck is on. He zooms ahead and gets in front of his quarry, then drop back down onto the road and waits in ambush. As Wilder's truck approaches, Viking Bob turns on his bri lights and crouches behind his car door with a shotgun. Wilder's truck screeches to a stop.
45) 5) text: Kenai gets out with his hands up. Viking Bob slowly approaches Wilder's truck.
47) 0) text: Eric pulls the door open.  Wilder is untying Corbett from the snowmobile.
47) 2) dialog: I got an emergency on my hands.
48) 0) text: Eric, Wilder and Corbett sit in the front module.  Anne Marie, nervous, wearing a down robe, serves coffee.  She stares at Corbett, trying to reconcile his quiet demeanor with what she saw that afternoon.  Corbett smiles at Eric
48) 2) dialog: (to Eric) ...You give us a ride in the Cessna you got hangared at the pumping station, we'll be in Fairbanks in a few hours.
48) 6) dialog: I could've sat tight for the transport, 'til Bob came poking around.
48) 12) dialog: (to Eric) You better get some sleep.
48) 20) text: Eric takes Anne Marie to the rear module, leaving Wilder with his prisoner.
49) 0) text: A bottle of Eric's Scotch sits almost empty on the table beside Wilder.  Wilder dozes in a chair facing Corbett. Corbett is awake.  He contorts his body to bring his handcuff chain under his feet and get his hands in front him.  He eyes Wilder's .357.  It's in a lefty Sam Browne holster.  No way to take it without waking Wilder. Corbett stands and inches toward the door.  As he pulls i open, the insulation makes enough NOISE to stir Wilder. Wilder gets up and pushes Corbett back into his chair.
49) 2) dialog: Goddammit, I don't need this aggravation.  I'll shoot you, Ben.  Bank on it.
49) 6) dialog: I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you!
49) 9) text: Wilder's mind clears enough to realize that Corbett's han are in front of him.  He reaches for his .357.  Corbett butts into Wilder's midsection with his head.  Amazingly, Wilder stays on his feet. Corbett hurries back to the door.  Wilder lunges, bull-determined to hold onto him.  Corbett smashes Wilder across the face with his clenched hands.  Wilder goes dow hard, hitting his head on the table, and stays there. Corbett instinctively kneels to see if Wilder is still breathing.  But then, hearing MOVEMENT in the rear module Corbett flees.
51) 0) text: Eric rushes in.  The outside door is open and Wilder lies the floor.   His holster is empty.  Anne Marie comes in a crosses to Wilder. Eric pulls a floor trap door open and digs through the company-issue equipment, coming up with a huge Remington bolt-action bear rifle.  Unfamiliar with weapons, Eric te open a box of shells and fumbles to load the rifle.
53) 0) text: Eric leads Corbett in.  Anne Marie is cradling Wilder's head. She's crying.  Eric looks at Wilder.  There is bloo coming from his ear and he's fading fast.
53) 2) dialog: (thickly) Fetch him back? (Eric nods) Don't let him walk...
53) 3) text: Eric nods again.  Wilder holds his gaze on Eric, then sim stops breathing.
58) 59) text: He carefully stuffs Wilder's magnum in his belt and ignor Anne Marie's disparaging look as he does.
98) 0) text: Meyerling's Dodge truck pulls up.  Anne Marie comes outsi Her smile wilts when she sees it's not Eric.  As Meyerlin climbs the embankment to the Turtle, he glances at Wilder snowmobile parked alongside the Turtle.
99) 0) text: Eric limps further down from the mountains.  Corbett keep pace in front of him and his magnum.  As their altitude decreases, there is ever thicker vegetation. Their tracks in the snow stretch up behind them into the distance.  The magnificence and grandeur of the surroundi cannot be overstated.  Picture the most rustic, overwhelm wilderness imaginable, and then make it ten times larger.
108) 1) text: A foraging GRIZZLY sniffs around, attracted by the smell fresh carrion -- Wilder.  Eight feet tall and eleven-hund pounds, it's used to having its way.  Right now, it's hungry. With a casual swipe of its paw, its massive claws punctur the Turtle's aluminum skin, popping open the door of the utility compartment.  The bear pokes its head inside, and Wilder's body slumps out into the snow.  The bear pushes the corpse with its snout.  Salivating, it prepares to di in. Anne Marie looks around, wondering what the hell to do nE Wilder's snowmobile is a few yards behind her, parked against the side of the Turtle.  She inches toward it. Testily, the bear looks up, SNIFFING loudly. Keeping her eyes on the bear, Anne Marie feels for the snowmobile ignition keys.  They're not there.  She feels around inside the saddlebags and finds three emergency ro flares. Anne Marie IGNITES the flares.  They illuminate the area with an eerie reddish glow.  She YELLS at the bear, wield the flares like Excalibur and moves forward. The bear, reluctant to leave so hearty a pre-hibernation meal, GROWLS and cocks its head back and forth to assess threat.  As Anne Marie inches ahead, the bear stands on h legs to its full height to meet the challenge.
121) 1) text: In the back, Anne Marie drags an evergreen tree branch behind her to cover her tracks in the snow, then climbs i the utility compartment where Wilder's body was stored. A moment later, LeMalle comes around the corner.  He noti bear tracks and scat from the prior night's visit.
122) 1) text: The light REVEALS Wilder's feet swinging back and forth above their heads.  His body is suspended in the manner o trail cache.  Viking Bob lets out a startled grunt.  He a Mitchell shine their lights on Wilder's face.
138) 0) text: Bone weary, Eric and Corbett walk toward town, staying on the outskirts to avoid being seen.  They look at one anot -- this moment seemed impossible not very long ago.  No o seems to notice as they limp into Wilder's cabin.
155) 0) text: It's 5:30 AM.  Sitting at Wilder's desk, Eric pries the t from some bullets and dumps the gunpowder into a styrofoa cup. He rings the top of the cup with bluetip matches, th seals it with masking tape.  Watching him from the cell, Corbett smiles.
155) 3) text: Eric doesn't answer.  He pulls on a heavy overcoat of Wilder's.  Putting the unused bullets back in Wilder's de Eric finds Corbett's .44 magnum.  He puts it and some speedloaders full of .357 hollowpoints in his pockets.
162) 0) text: A pall hangs over the town.  People know to stay inside. Time crawls by. In his house, Neff, for once, has his TV turned off.  He tries to read and listens for sounds outside. In the spa, water DRIPS somewhere.  All the stalls are empty. In his sod house, Kenai looks out his one tiny window at curtain of snow.  Dixie comes up behind him and puts her hands on his shoulders.  He looks up at her, glum. In Wilder's empty cabin, his belongings are scattered abo as if expecting his imminent return. In the rental cabin, Eric checks his watch.  10:45 AM.
163) 0) text: The sound of a MOTOR grows in volume, then abruptly cease The trappers' jeep APPEARS in the snowfall on the road in town.  It coasts quietly in and stops behind the cover of woodpile across from Wilder's cabin. The trappers get out of the jeep.  LeMalle has Eric's Remington, Mitchell has his Peacemaker, and Viking Bob carries LeMalle's old carbine.  Mitchell spits.  It's so cold outside that the spittle freezes and CRACKS before i hits the ground. They fan out and approach Wilder's cabin.
172) 0) text: Using the cover of the snowfall, Anne Marie circles aroun the outside edge of town toward Wilder's cabin.  She take some of her photo gear from the snowmobile.
208) 18) text: The exquisitely beautiful and detailed engraving depicts grizzly beside a wilderness creek, with trees and mountai in the background.