28) 22) text: She slaps Drake's open palm and it clenches into a greeting which is part contest.  It gets rougher. Painful.  Until she cuffs him hard and they break with vicious laughter.  Dobermans playing.  Conscripted from juvenile prison, the two of them were trained to operate the formidable "SMART-GUNS."  That is part of their bond. BISHOP is helping everyone like a valet.  As he passes close to her Ripley notices a strange TATTOO across the back of his left hand...an ALPHA-NUMERIC CODE.
30) 0) text: An unconscious segregation takes place at the troopers assemble at one long table while Gorman, Burke, Bishop and Ripley sit at another.  Everybody is nursing a coffee, waiting for eggs from the AUTOCHEF.  Among the troopers dress discipline is lax...fatigues customized and emblazoned with patches.  Drake's tunic is cut off to a vest and has "Eat the apple and fuck the Corps" stenciled on back.  "Peace Through Superior Firepower," "Pray for War" and "I've Served My Time in Hell:  Cetti Epsilon NC-104" are some others.
30) 8) text: Across the room, at the other table, Gorman sits with his creases perfect...the consummate strack NCO.  Bishop takes a seat beside Ripley, who pointedly gets up and moves to the far side of the table.  He looks wounded.
30) 9) dialog: I'm sorry you feel that way about Synthetics, Ripley.
30) 13) dialog: I prefer the term 'artificial person' myself.  Is there a problem?
30) 15) dialog: I'm shocked.  Was it an older model?
30) 17) text: Bishop turns to Ripley, very conciliatory.
30) 18) dialog: Well, that explains it.  The A/2's were always a bit twitchy. That could never happen now with out behavioral inhibitors.  Impossible for me to harm or, by omission of action, allow to be harmed a human being. (smiling) More cornbread?
33) 0) text: Bishop is installed in his command seat, hemmed in by instrumentation.
33) 1) dialog: (into mike) Attention.  This concluded final maneuvering operations.  Thank you for your cooperation.  You may resume work.
42) 0) text: Apone, stalking the aisle, snatches for a handhold. Bishop, Burke and Gorman groan at the sudden gees. Ripley closes her eyes...the point of no return.
63) 0) text: Lights arc across the dormant buildings as the APC turns onto the "main drag."  It trundles down the rutted street, throwing up sheets of filthy water as the massive wheels hit pondlike potholes.  Windblown rain lashes across the headlights. Hicks emerges from the south lock just as the APC rolls up close to the entrance.  The crew-door slides back. Gorman emerges, followed by Burke, Bishop, and Wierzbowski.  Burke looks back to see Ripley stop in the APC doorway, eyeing the ominous colony structure.  She meets his eyes.  Shakes her head "no."  Not ready.
71) 13) text: Gorman and the others exit, leaving only Ripley with Newt.  Through the window of the office, out on the main floor of the operations room, we SEE Gorman join Burke and Bishop at a computer terminal. Ripley kneels beside Newt, brushing the girl's unkempt hair out of her eyes in a gentle, maternal fashion.
105) 0) text: Bishop is hunched over an occular probe doing a dissection of one of the dead parasites.  Spunkmeyer enters with some electronics gear on a hand truck and parks it near Bishop's work table.
105) 2) text: Bishop waves "no" without looking up.
113) 11) dialog: I'll be in medical.  I'd like to continue my analysis.
120) 2) text: Ripley stands over the Lieutenant, who is lying motionless on an examining table.  Bishop looks up from his instruments nearby, the light of a single gooseneck lamp giving his features a macabre cast.
120) 3) dialog: I've isolated a neuro-muscular toxin responsible for the paralysis.  It seems to be metabolizing.  He should wake up soon.
120) 7) dialog: Yes.  That follows.
120) 9) dialog: That is the question of the hour.  We could assume a parallel to certain insect forms who have hivelike organization. An ant of termite colony, for example, is ruled by a single female, a queen, which is the source of new eggs.
120) 11) dialog: Well, the queen is always physically larger then the others.  A termite queen's abdomen is so bloated with eggs that it can't move at all.  It is fed and tended by drone workers, defended by the warriors.  She is the center of their lives, quite literally the  mother of their society.
120) 13) dialog: Hard to say.  It may have been blind instinct...attraction to the heat of whatever...but she did choose to incubate her eggs in the one spot where we couldn't destroy her without destroying ourselves.  That's if she exists, of course.
120) 14) text: Ripley ponders the ramifications of Bishop's analysis.
120) 16) text: Bishop glances at the creatures, pulsing malevolently in their cylinders.
120) 17) dialog: Mr. Burke have instructions that they were to be kept alive in stasis for return to the company labs.  He was very specific.
125) 7) dialog: (voice over) Bishop here.  I'm afraid I have some bad news.
126) 0) text: Everyone, including Bishop, is crowded at the window, intently watching the AP station which is a dim silhouette in the mist.  Suddenly a column of flame, like an acetylene torch, jets upward from the complex at the base of the cone.
126) 1) dialog: That's it.  See it?  Emergency venting.
126) 3) dialog: I'm projecting total systems failure in a little under four hours.  The blast radius will be about thirty kilometers.  About equal to ten megatons.
126) 7) dialog: I'm afraid so.  The crash did too much damage.  The overload is inevitable, at this point.
126) 16) dialog: I checked.  The hard wiring between here and there was severed in the fighting.
126) 20) dialog: (quietly) I'll go.
126) 22) dialog: I'm really the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Believe me, I'd prefer not to.  I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid.
127) 0) text: One of the acid holes from the colonists' siege has yielded access to subfloor conduits.  Bishop lying in the opening, reaches up to graph the portable terminal as Ripley hands it down to him.  He pushes it into the constricted shaft ahead of him.  She then hands him a small satchel containing tools and assorted patch cables, a service pistol and a small cutting torch.
127) 1) dialog: This duct runs almost to the up-link assembly.  One hundred eighty meters.  Say, forty minutes to crawl down there.  One hour to patch in and align the antenna. Thirty minutes to prep the ship, then about fifty minutes flight time.
127) 4) dialog: (cheerfully) See you soon.
128) 0) text: Bishop looks back as the welder seals him in.  He sighs fatalistically and squirms forward.  Ahead of him the conduit dwindles straight to seeming infinity.  Like being in the bore of a very long Howitzer.
131) 0) text: Bishop is in claustrophobic limbo between two echoing infinities.  The pipe rings with his scraping advance. He approaches an irregular hole which admits a tiny shaft of light.  He puts his eyes up to the acid-etched opening. HIS P.O.V.  as drooling jaws flash toward us, SLAMMING against the steel with a vicious scraping SNAP. Bishop flattens himself away from the opening and inches along, looking pale and strained.  He glances at his watch.
135) 2) text: EXT. Up-LINK TOWER - VIEW OF AP STATION                 1 A VIEW OF the processing station from the colony landing platform.  A rising wind is clearing out the low fog and the silhouette of the station grows sharper.  Several systems of high pressure conduits at the base of the conical tower are actually glowing dull red with heat in the darkness.  High voltage discharges arc around the upper latticework, lighting the blighted landscape with irregular glaring flashes. PAN ONTO BISHOP, F.G.  hunched against the wind at the base of the telemetry tower.  He has a TEST-BAY PANEL open and the portable terminal patched in.  His jacket is draped over the keyboard and monitor unit to protect it from the elements and he is typing frenetically.
135) 3) dialog: (to himself) Now, if I did it right...
138) 0) text: showing Ripley waving her arms.  There is no sound, a surreal pantomime. A hand ENTERS FRAME and switches off the monitor. Ripley's image vanishes. WIDER ANGLE  as Burke straightens casually from the console.  Hicks is talking via headset with Bishop and hasn't noticed Ripley's plight or Burke's action.
152) 12) text: There is a long pause then Bishop's VOICE, almost unintelligible with interference, comes over the radio.
152) 13) dialog: (voice over; static) Yes, I read you.  Not very well...
153) 0) text: Bishop is huddled against the base of the telemetry mast, out of the wind which is now gusting viciously.
153) 1) dialog: (yelling; over enunciating) The ship is on its way.  ETA about sixteen minutes.  I've got my hands full flying... the weather's come up a bit.
153) 2) text: Bishop's fingers are blurring over the terminal keys and he squints, watching the screen as the flight telemetry updates rapidly. In the b.g. the AP station has become a raging demon, wreathed in boiling steam and electrical discharges.
161) 0) text: Drop-ship two descends toward the landing grid, side-slipping in hurricane gusts.  Bishop stands, guiding it with the portable terminal.  The ship sets down hard. Slides sideways.  Stops.  Bishop turns as Ripley and Hicks stumble out of a doorway in the colony building behind him.  He goes to them, helping to support Hicks and they run toward the ship, buffeted by the gale. Ripley shouts, her words barely audible over the wind.
161) 2) dialog: PLENTY!  TWENTY-SIX MINUTES!
163) 0) text: Ripley finishes winding tape around a bulky object and drops the roll.  She has crudely fastened a M-41A assault rifle together, side by side, with a flamethrower A massive, unwieldy package of absolute firepower.  Her movements are curt, precise...determined.  She works rapidly, snatching magazines, grenades, belts and other gear from the fully stocked ordnance racks of the drop-ship. Bishop comes aft from the pilot's compartment to help Hicks dress his injuries.  Hicks is sprawled in a flight seat, the contents of a FIELD MEDICAL KEY strewn around him.  He's out of the game...contorted with pain.
163) 1) dialog: Ripley...
163) 3) dialog: In seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of Nebraska.
178) 0) text: Ripley leaps into a seat with Newt, cradling her.  Begins strapping in.  Bishop wrestles with the controls.  The landing legs retract, ripping free.  Ripley slams her seat harness latches home.
178) 2) text: The entire lower level of the station disappears in a fireball.  The air vibrates with intense heat waves and concussion.  The drop-ship engines fire.  Ripley is slammed back in her seat.  The ship vaults out and up, Bishop standing it on its tail, pouring on the gees. Ripley and Newt see everything shake into a blur.
182) 0) text: Bishop stands behind Ripley as she kneels beside a comatose Hicks.
182) 1) dialog: I gave him a shot, for the pain. We'll need to get a stretcher to cart him up to medical.
182) 2) text: Ripley nods and, picking up Newt, precedes Bishop down the aisle to the loading ramp.
182) 3) dialog: I'm sorry if I gave you a scare but that platform was just becoming too unstable...
183) 0) text: Bishop continues as they move down the ramp.
183) 1) dialog: I had to circle and hope things didn't get too rough to take you off.
183) 4) dialog: Well, thanks, I --
183) 5) text: He notices a tiny innocuous drop of liquid splash onto th ramp next to his shoe.  SSSSSS.  Acid.  SOMETHING BURSTS FROM HIS CHEST, spraying Ripley with milklike android blo It is the razor-sharp scorpion TAIL of the alien QUEEN. Driven right through him from behind.  Bishop thrashes, seizing the protruding section of tail in his hands, as i slowly lifts him off the deck.  Above them the Queen glowers from its place of concealment among the hydraulic mechanisms inside one landing-leg bay.  It blends perfect with the machinery until it begins to emerge.  Seizing Bishop in two great hands it rips him apart and flings hi aside, shredded, like a doll.  It descends slowly to the deck, the rotating lights glistening across its shiny bla limbs, dripping acid and rage.  Still smoking where Riple half-fried it.  The Queen is huge, powerful...and very pissed off.  It descends slowly, its six limbs unfolding inhuman geometries. Ripley moves with nightmarish slowness herself, staring hypnotized...terrified to break and run.  She lowers Newt to the deck, never taking her eyes off the creature.
189) 0) text: Newt screams as the hurricane airstream sucks her across the floor toward the airlock.   Bishop, torn virtually in two, his pastalike internal organs whipped by the wind, grips a stanchion and reaches desperately for Newt as she slides past him.  He catches her arm and hangs on as she dangles, doll-like, in the airblast.
190) 0) text: The Alien seizes Ripley's ankle.  She locks her arms around a ladder rung, feels them almost torn out of their shoulder sockets. The door opens farther, all of space yawning below.  The loader tumbles clear, falling away.  It drags the Alien, still clutching one of Ripley's lucky hi-tops, into the depths of space.  Its SHRIEK fades, it gone. With all her strength Ripley fights the blasting air, crawling over the lip of the inner doorway.  She releases the OVERRIDE from a second panel.  The inner doors close. The turbulent air eddies and settles. She lies on her back, drained of all strength.  Gasping for breath.  Weakly she turns her head, seeing Bishop still holding Newt by the arm.  Encrusted with his own vanilla milkshake blood.  Bishop gives her a small, grim smile.
190) 1) dialog: Not bad for a human.