2) 15) dialog: (soothing) Well, maybe you shouldn't worry about that just yet.
2) 18) text: Burke gazes at her, thoughtful.
2) 19) dialog: All right.  My instinct says you're strong enough to handle this...Fifty-seven years.
2) 22) dialog: You'd drifted right through the core systems.  It's blind luck that deep-salvage team caught you when they...are you all right?
2) 23) text: Ripley coughs suddenly as if choking and her expression becomes one of dawning horror.  Burke hands her a glass of water from the nightstand.  She slaps it away.  It shatters with a SMASH.  Jones dives, yowling.  Ripley grabs her chest, struggling as if she is strangling. The Med-Tech hits a console button.
2) 25) text: Burke and the Med-Tech are holding Ripley's shoulders as she goes into convulsions.  A DOCTOR and TWO TECHS run in.  Ripley's back arches in agony.
3) 2) text: WIDER ANGLE  as Jones steps back confused from the HIGH-RESOLUTION ENVIRONMENTAL WALL SCREEN, a sort of cinerama video-loop.  Ripley sits on a bench in what we now SEE is an ATRIUM off the medical center, still somewhere in the bowels of Gateway Station.  Benches. Some unenthusiastic potted trees.  The sterile corridors VISIBLE beyond glass doors b.g. Burke ENTERS in his usual mode, casual haste.
3) 3) dialog: Sorry...I've been running behind all morning.
3) 6) dialog: Well, I was going to wait until after the inquest...
3) 9) dialog: (scanning) Amanda Ripley-McClaren.  Married name, I guess.  Age:  sixty-six ...at time of death.  Two years ago. (looks at her) I'm sorry.
3) 12) dialog: (reading) Cancer.  Hmmmm.  They still haven't licked that one.  Cremated.  Interred Parkside Repository, Little Chute, Wisconsin.  No children.
3) 15) text: Burke nods, a simpatico presence.
3) 17) text: Let's get one thing straight...Ripley can be one tough lady.  But the terror, the loss, the emptiness are, in this moment, overwhelming.  She cries silently. Burke puts a reassuring hand on her arm.
3) 18) dialog: (gently) The hearing convenes at 0930.  You don't want to be late.
4) 0) text: Elevator doors part and Ripley emerges, in mid-conversati with Burke.  DOLLYING AHEAD OF THEM as they move rapidly down the corridor.
4) 2) dialog: Look, I believe you, but there are going to be some heavyweights in there.  You got Feds, you got interstellar commerce commission, you got colonial administration, insurance company guys...
4) 4) dialog: Just tell them what happened.  The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
5) 20) text: Ripley glances at Burke, silent at the far end of the table.  His expression is grim.  Her mouth hardens as a bit of the old nail-eating Ripley surfaces.
6) 0) text: Ripley kicks the wall next to Burke who is getting coffee and donuts at a vending machine.
6) 1) dialog: You had them eating out of your hand, kiddo.
6) 3) dialog: (cheerfully) You are a head case.  Have a donut.
7) 2) text: Burke watches Ripley taking it on the chin, white-lipped but subdued.
8) 0) text: DOLLY BACK as the conference room door bangs open and Ripley strides through.  She shrugs off Burke's restraining arm and catches up to Van Leuwen walking down the corridor.
19) 0) text: Carter Burke stands in the narrow, dingy corridor with LIEUTENANT GORMAN, Colonial Marine Corps.  Young and severe in his officer's dress-black.  The door opens slightly.
19) 1) dialog: Hi, Ripley.  This is Lieutenant Gorman of the...
19) 2) text: SLAM.  Burke buzzes again.  Talks to the door...
19) 3) dialog: Ripley we have to talk. (pause)  They've lost contact with the colony on Acheron.
20) 0) text: Burke and Gorman are seated, nursing coffee.  Ripley paces, very tense.
20) 2) dialog: Hear me out...
20) 4) text: We SEE that she's gut scared, covering it with anger. Burke sees it.
20) 5) dialog: Look, we don't know what's going on out there.  It may just be a down transmitter.  But if it's not, I want you there...as an advisor.  That's all.
20) 7) dialog: These Colonial Marines are some tough hombres, and they're packing state-of-the-art firepower. Nothing they can't handle...right, Lieutenant?
20) 10) dialog: Well, the corporation co-financed that colony with the Colonial Administration, against mineral rights.  We're getting into a lot of terraforming...'Building Better Worlds.'
20) 11) text: Burke is revealing his early days in sales.
20) 13) dialog: I heard you were working in the cargo docks.
20) 15) dialog: Running loaders, forklifts, that sort of thing?
20) 17) dialog: What if I said I could get you reinstated as a flight officer? And that the company has agreed to pick up your contract?
20) 19) dialog: If you go. (pause) It's a second chance, kiddo.  And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it.  You gotta get back on the horse...
20) 21) text: Burke leans close, a let's-cut-the-crap intimacy.
20) 22) dialog: Yes, and I've read it.  You wake up every night, sheets soaking, the same nightmare over and over...
20) 24) text: Burke nods to Gorman who rises with him.  He slips a TRANSLUCENT CARD onto the table, heads for the door.
20) 25) dialog: Think about it.
22) 0) text: Ripley lunges INTO FRAME with an animal outcry.  She clutches her chest, breathing hard.  Bathed in sweat she lights a cigarette with trembling hands.  Do we hear a faint, desolate wind? TIGHT ON PHONE CONSOLE  as Ripley's hand inserts Burke's card into a slot.  "STAND BY" prints out on the screen and is replaced by Burke's face, bleary with sleep.
22) 1) dialog: (on video phone) Yello?  Oh, Ripley.  Hi...
22) 3) dialog: That's the plan.  My word on it.
22) 6) text: She punches off before Burke replies, before she can change her mind.  She turns to Jones sitting on the bed and her tone becomes admonishing...
28) 0) text: Lit up, white and sterile. The canopies of the row of capsules are raised.  Ripley sits up.  Rubs her arms briskly.  Next to her Gorman and Burke are stirring and beyond them the troopers, wearing shorts and dog tags.  They are:
30) 0) text: An unconscious segregation takes place at the troopers assemble at one long table while Gorman, Burke, Bishop and Ripley sit at another.  Everybody is nursing a coffee, waiting for eggs from the AUTOCHEF.  Among the troopers dress discipline is lax...fatigues customized and emblazoned with patches.  Drake's tunic is cut off to a vest and has "Eat the apple and fuck the Corps" stenciled on back.  "Peace Through Superior Firepower," "Pray for War" and "I've Served My Time in Hell:  Cetti Epsilon NC-104" are some others.
30) 10) text: Ripley spins on Burke, her tone accusing.
30) 12) dialog: Well, it didn't occur to me.  It's been policy for years to have a synthetic on board.
30) 14) dialog: A synthetic malfunctioned on her last trip out.  Some deaths were involved.
30) 16) dialog: Cyberdyne Systems 120-A/2.
30) 21) text: Burke and Gorman exchange glances. Wierzbowski, at the next table, shrugs and turns back to the other troopers.
31) 2) text: WIDER ANGLE  as the troops snap to from their lounging among the racks of high-tech weaponry.  Gorman enters with Burke and Ripley.
31) 31) dialog: (to all) I suggest you study the disks Ripley has been kind enough to prepare for you.
36) 1) dialog: Still nothing from the colony?
38) 7) text: Ripley nods her thanks to Hicks.  MOTORS WHINE and the craft lurches.  Burke, next to Ripley, grins eagerly like this is a sport fishing trip.
38) 8) dialog: Here we go.
42) 0) text: Apone, stalking the aisle, snatches for a handhold. Bishop, Burke and Gorman groan at the sudden gees. Ripley closes her eyes...the point of no return.
45) 7) text: Vasquez and Drake exchange do-you-believe-this-shit expressions.  Ripley looks accusingly at Burke.
48) 0) text: Stumbling as the ship pitches, Ripley makes her way forward to the MOBILE TACTICAL OPERATIONS BAY (MTOB), a control console lined with monitor screens.  She joins Burke watching over Gorman's shoulder as the Lieutenant plays the board like a video director. TIGHT ON MONITOR CONSOLE  REVEALING screens labelled with the names of the troopers.  Two for each soldier.  The upper screens show images from the IMAGE-INTENSIFIED VIDEO CAMERAS in their helmets.  The lower screens are BIO-MONITORS:  EEG, EKG, and other graphic life-function readouts.  Other screens show EXTERIOR VIEWS.
48) 7) dialog: Uh-hunh.  One of thirty or so, all over the planet.  They're completely automated.  We manufacture them, by the way.
56) 1) dialog: Looks like my room in college.
59) 4) text: Burke raises an eyebrow at Ripley.
59) 5) dialog: Hmm.  Acid for blood.
63) 0) text: Lights arc across the dormant buildings as the APC turns onto the "main drag."  It trundles down the rutted street, throwing up sheets of filthy water as the massive wheels hit pondlike potholes.  Windblown rain lashes across the headlights. Hicks emerges from the south lock just as the APC rolls up close to the entrance.  The crew-door slides back. Gorman emerges, followed by Burke, Bishop, and Wierzbowski.  Burke looks back to see Ripley stop in the APC doorway, eyeing the ominous colony structure.  She meets his eyes.  Shakes her head "no."  Not ready.
66) 2) dialog: (unconcerned) It's insured.
68) 7) dialog: Are these the same...?
68) 8) text: Ripley nods, unable to speak.  Burke leans closer in fascination.  His face almost touching one cylinder, is lit by its glow.
68) 10) text: The creature inside lunges suddenly, slamming against the glass.  Burke jumps back.  From the palm of the thing's handlike body emerges a pearl-escent TUBULE. like a tapered piece of intestine, which slithers tonguelike over the inside of the glass.  Then it retracts into a sheath between the "gills."
68) 12) text: Only two of the creatures seem to pulse with life. Burke taps the other stasis cylinders but the hand-things remain inertly clenched.
68) 13) dialog: These are dead.  There's just the two alive.
71) 13) text: Gorman and the others exit, leaving only Ripley with Newt.  Through the window of the office, out on the main floor of the operations room, we SEE Gorman join Burke and Bishop at a computer terminal. Ripley kneels beside Newt, brushing the girl's unkempt hair out of her eyes in a gentle, maternal fashion.
72) 1) dialog: (to Gorman) What's he scanning for?
78) 0) text: Huddles around the screens are Ripley, Burke and Gorman.  Newt squeezes in from behind.  Gorman is doing his video wizard bit, dancing on the buttons.
84) 2) dialog: Yeah?  Maybe the organisms like the heat, that's why they built...
84) 4) dialog: (realizing) She's right.
84) 8) dialog: We're talking thermonuclear explosion.
97) 2) text: He claws at her, hysterical.  Burke pulls him off.
99) 0) text: The APC crashes inside, showering debris.  Hicks, supporting a limping Hudson, appears out of the smoke. The APC pulls up broadside and Burke gets the crew-door open. Drake and Vasquez back out of the dense mist, firing as they fall back. Drake goes empty, slams the buckles cutting loose his smart-gun harness, and unslings a flame thrower. Hicks pushes Hudson inside, leaps in after him and drags Vasquez inside, massive gear and all.  She sees a DARK SHAPE lunge toward Drake.  She fires one burst, prone.  Clean body hit. The flash lights up the hideous inhuman grin, blowing open the thing's thorax.  A spray of BRIGHT YELLOW ACID slashes across Drake's face and chest, eating into him like a hot knife through butter.  He drops in boiling smoke, reflexively triggering his flame thrower. The jet of liquid fire arcs around as he falls, engulfing the back half of the APC.
100) 5) text: Burke and Hudson help him drag her from the door.
100) 7) text: Ripley jams reverse.  Nails the throttle.  The APC bellows backward up the ramp.  Hudson disappears under a pile of equipment as a storage rack breaks free.  Hicks gets the door almost closed.  Suddenly CLAWS appear at the edge.  Newt screams.  Against the combined efforts of Hicks, Burke and Vasquez the door is being SLOWLY WRENCHED OPEN FROM OUTSIDE. Hicks yells at a paralyzed Gorman.
104) 6) text: Burke tries to have a look at Hudson's arm.
107) 4) dialog: Now hold on a second.  I'm not authorizing that action.
107) 6) text: Burke senses the challenge in her tone and backpedals flawlessly into conciliatory mode.
107) 7) dialog: Well, I mean...I know this is an emotional moment, but let's not make snap judgments.  Let's move cautiously.  First, this physical installation had a substantial dollar value attached to it --
107) 9) dialog: This is clearly an important species we're dealing with here. We can't just arbitrarily exterminate them --
107) 13) text: Ripley faces Burke squarely and she's not pleased.
107) 15) text: Burke moves in, lowering his voice.  He takes her aside from the others.
107) 16) dialog: I know, I know, but we're dealing with changing scenarios here.  This thing is major, Ripley.  I mean really major.  You gotta go with its energy.  Since you are the representative of the company who discovered this species your percentage will naturally be some serious, serious money.
107) 19) dialog: (hardening) Don't make me pull rank, Ripley.
107) 21) dialog: Corporal Hicks!?
107) 24) text: Burke starts to lose it and it's not a pretty sight.
107) 25) dialog: Look, this is a multimillion dollar operation.  He can't make that kind of decision.  He's just a grunt! (glances at Hicks) No offense.
107) 29) text: He winks.  Burke looks like a kid whose toy has been snatched.
107) 30) dialog: This is absurd!  You don't have the authority to --
107) 31) text: CLACK!  The sound of a rifle bolt snapping home truncates his rant.  Vasquez has a pulse-rifle cradled, not exactly aimed at Burke but not exactly aimed away either.  Her expression is masklike.  End of discussion. Ripley sits behind Newt, putting her arm around her.
111) 10) dialog: (annoyed) May be could build a fire and sing songs.
114) 0) text: Burke, Ripley, Hudson and Hicks are bent over a large HORIZONTAL VIDEOSCREEN, like an illuminated chart table. Newt hops from one foot to the other to see.
116) 2) text: He and Ripley are covering an air duct opening with a metal plate, welding it in place, showering sparks in the dark corridor.  Behind them Burke and Newt are moving back and forth with cartons of food on a hand truck, stacking it inside the operations center. Hicks sets down his welder and pulls a small object out of a belt pouch.  A braceletlike EMERGENCY LOCATING BEEPER.
121) 0) text: In a small observation chamber separated from the med lab by a glass partition, Ripley and Burke have squared off.
121) 1) dialog: Those specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division.  Now, if you're smart we can both come out of this heroes.  Set up for life.
121) 3) dialog: You've been doing your homework. Look, they can't impound it if they don't know about it.
121) 5) dialog: Now, wait a second --
121) 9) dialog: Look, maybe the thing didn't even exist, right?  And if I'd made it a major security situation, the Administration would've stepped in.  Then no exclusive rights, nothing.
121) 11) dialog: It was a bad call, that's all.
121) 15) dialog: (sadly) I expected more of you, Ripley. I thought you would be smarter than this.
121) 17) text: She turns away and strides out.  The door closes. Burke stares after her, his mind a whirl of options.
133) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH Ripley walking down the corridor, now carrying the newfound friend, the M-41A.  Gorman steps out of the door to the med lab, looking weak but sound. Burke is right behind him.
138) 0) text: showing Ripley waving her arms.  There is no sound, a surreal pantomime. A hand ENTERS FRAME and switches off the monitor. Ripley's image vanishes. WIDER ANGLE  as Burke straightens casually from the console.  Hicks is talking via headset with Bishop and hasn't noticed Ripley's plight or Burke's action.
138) 2) dialog: (calmly) Excellent.
142) 2) text: THE GROUP is gathered around Burke who sits in a chair, maintaining an icy calm although beads of sweat betray intense concealed tension.  Only a few minutes have passes and everyone is still buzzed on adrenaline, as if the whole group is charged with high voltage.
142) 4) text: Ripley stands in front of Burke, every fiber of her being accusing him with absolute outrage.  Burke tries to break Ripley's stare, which is like a diamond drill.  He can't.
142) 10) dialog: This is total paranoid delusion. It's pitiful.
147) 0) text: DOLLYING BEHIND HER as she sprints, the walls becoming a frenzied blur.  Ahead of her Burke clears the door to the med lab.  HE SLIDES IT CLOSED.  Ripley slams into the door.  Tries the latch.  Hears it LOCK from the far side.
150) 0) text: Vasquez slides the door almost closed, then fires three grenades rapid-fire through the gap.  She slams the door home as the grenades detonate, the explosion sounding gonglike through the metal. Ripley sprints across the room, trying the far door. Burke has locked it as well.  Hicks switches his hand-torch from CUT to WELD and starts sealing the door they just passed through.
151) 0) text: Burke, hyperventilating with terror, backs across the dark chamber.  Gasping, almost paralyzed with fear, he crosses the chamber to the door leading to the main concourse.  His fingers reach for the latch.  It moves by itself.  The door opens slowly. ON BURKE  his eyes wide, transfixed by his fate.  We hear the BULLWHIP CRACK of a tail-stinger striking as we:
166) 0) text: Range and direction read out in rapid-fire alpha-numerics on the locator display. Ripley blinks sweat out of her eyes, moving through the swirling steam of the alien maze.  She approaches an intersecting tunnel.  Flashing emergency lights illuminate the insane fresco of the walls.  She spins, firing the flamethrower.  Nothing there.  She whirls back.  Moves forward, trembling and adrenalized. Skeletal figures drown in the walls, frozen in macabre tormented positions like human insects in amber. Steam blasts, blinding her.  The locator signal strengthens an she turns, crouches through a low passage, turns again.  At each intersection she quickly lights a FIFTEEN-MINUTE MARKING FLARE and drops it. For the way back.  She has to turn sideways, inching through a fissure between two walls of death...cocoon niches, human bas-relief sealed in resin. SUDDENLY SOMETHING SHOOTS OUT, GRABBING HER!  A hand. She recovers , then recognizes the face sealed in the wall.  Carter Burke.
166) 1) dialog: Ripley...help me.  I can feel it...inside.  Oh, God...it's moving!  Oh gooood...