14) 3) text: NEWT, their six-year-old daughter, yells from the back...
14) 4) dialog: And half mine!
14) 6) dialog: Daddy, when are we going back to town?
14) 8) dialog: You always say that.  I wanna go back.  I wanna play 'Monster Maze.'
14) 11) dialog: Do not.  I'm just the best.
14) 13) dialog: So!  That's why I'm the best.
14) 15) dialog: Mom.  All the kids play it...
16) 0) text: Newt has her face pressed to the glass, steaming it. Watching her parents enter the strange ship.  Tim GRABS HER from behind.  She SHRIEKS.
17) 0) text: The tractor and the derelict are dark and motionless. The wind HOWLS around them. Tim is curled up in the driver's seat.  Newt shakes him awake, trying hard not to cry.
17) 1) dialog: Timmy...they've been gone a long time.
17) 4) text: CRASH!  Newt SCREAMS as the door beside her is RIPPED OPEN.  A dark shape lunges inside! Anne, panting and terrified, grabs the dash mike.
17) 6) text: As Anne shouts the mayday Newt looks past her, to the ground.  Russ Jorden lies there inert, dragged somehow by Anne from inside the ship.  There is SOMETHING ON HIS FACE.  An appalling MULTILEGGED CREATURE, pulsing with obscene life.  Newt begins to SCREAM hysterically, competing with the shrieking wind which rises to a crescendo as we:
70) 6) text: Hicks ignores her, moving past and aiming his light under a row of steel cabinets.  He gestures to Ripley, who steps forward.  Trusting his judgment.  She crouches beside him. RIPLEY'S P.O.V.  lit by Hicks' pack-light...a tiny cowering figure.  A very dirty, very terrified NEWT JORDEN.  She clutches a plastic food packet in one hand, its top gnawed partway through.  In the other hand she grips the HEAD OF A LARGE DOLL, holding it by the hair.  Just the head.  Eyes staring.  Newt is pathetically emaciated...fragile-looking as Dresden china, her hair tangled and matted.
70) 8) text: Ripley moves toward her, reaching slowly under the cabinet.  Newt backs away, trembling visibly, her vision fixated like a rabbit blinded by headlights. Ripley's hand almost reaches her. The kid bolts like a shot, scuttling along beneath the cabinetry.  Ripley scrambles to follow...to keep her in sight.  Crabbing frantically sideways.  Hicks makes a grab, catching one tiny ankle.  He snaps his hand out a moment later.
70) 10) text: The girl reaches a ventilation duct set in the baseboard, its grille kicked out.  She scrambles inside, her tiny body barely fitting, wriggling like a fish. In his bulky armor Hicks knows he'll never make it into the tiny duct.  Ripley dives.  She squirms into the duct without thinking.  Just ahead she sees Newt enter a dark space and slam a steel hatch.  Ripley pushes the hatch open before the child can latch it, and crawls in after her. Newt is backed into a cul-de-sac in the tiny steel chamber.  Ripley shines her light around in amazement. It is a NEST.  A nest built by a child.  Wadded up blankets and pillows line the space, mixed up with a haphazard array of TOYS, STUFFED ANIMALS, DOLLS, CHEAP JEWELRY, COMIC BOOKS, EMPTY FOOD PACKETS, even a battery operated TAPE PLAYER.  All foraged from the wrecked colony.  Ripley marvels at the child's incredible adaptability, the ability to functions even in this nightmarish environment. Newt edges along the far wall and dives for the hatch. Ripley grabs her, controlling her in a bear hug.  The kid struggles wildly, like a cat at the vets.  Eyes wide, hands lashing out in a frenzy...but silent.  No scream.
70) 12) text: Newt goes limp, almost catatonic. CLOSE ON NEWT'S TRAUMATIZED, VACANT STARE  her lips are white and trembling, her eyes track wildly and she flinches from unseen terrors.  We READ a dark nightmare world in her eyes. Ripley's light falls on something amidst the debris... a FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH of Newt, dressed up and smiling, a ribbon in her hair.  In embossed gold letters underneath it says: FIRST GRADE CITIZENSHIP AWARD
71) 3) text: WIDER ANGLE  REVEALING Gorman sitting in front of her while Dietrich watches the readouts from a BIO-MONITORING CUFF wrapped around Newt's tiny arm.
71) 13) text: Gorman and the others exit, leaving only Ripley with Newt.  Through the window of the office, out on the main floor of the operations room, we SEE Gorman join Burke and Bishop at a computer terminal. Ripley kneels beside Newt, brushing the girl's unkempt hair out of her eyes in a gentle, maternal fashion.
71) 19) text: She pours water from a squeeze bottle onto a small cloth and gently washes the little girl's face. Newt's eyes seem to focus on her for the first time.
71) 21) text: Newt gazes at her.  Ripley smiles.
73) 0) text: Ripley is washing Newt's tiny hands with a cloth, pink skin emerging from black grime.
73) 2) text: Newt's voice is almost inaudible.
73) 3) dialog: N-newt.
73) 6) dialog: Newt.  My n-name's Newt. Nobody calls me Rebecca except my dork brother.
73) 11) text: Newt glances at the disembodied doll, still clutched in one filthy hand.
73) 12) dialog: Casey.  She's my only friend.
73) 14) text: Newt's reply is flat, neutral.
73) 15) dialog: I don't want you for a friend.
73) 17) dialog: Because you'll be gone soon, like the others.  Like everybody.  You'll be dead and you'll leave me alone.
73) 20) text: Newt nods, staring at her knees.
73) 22) dialog: (with cold certainty) They're dead.
73) 24) dialog: You promise?
73) 26) dialog: And hope to die?
73) 29) text: And because she's a child, the darkest terrors, even the ones seen and not imagined, can still be banished by a smile and a single promise. Newt's eyes brim as she gazes at Ripley.  Her lower lip starts to tremble, and her face slowly deforms into an abject mask.  She sobs as she clamps her arms around Ripley's neck.  The sobs come in waves as Ripley rocks her, tears of suppresses terror and grief and hurt rolling down her face.  It is a breakthrough. Ripley closes her eyes, hoping that this promise can be kept.
76) 0) text: The troopers sit, more subdued now, swaying and bouncing in the heavily sprung vehicle.  Wierzbowski is in the saddle.  Ripley and Newt sit side by side just aft of the driver's cockpit.
76) 1) dialog: I was the best at the game. I knew the whole maze.
76) 3) dialog: Yeah, you know.  In the walls, under the floor.  I was the ace.  I could hide better than anybody.
78) 0) text: Huddles around the screens are Ripley, Burke and Gorman.  Newt squeezes in from behind.  Gorman is doing his video wizard bit, dancing on the buttons.
100) 7) text: Ripley jams reverse.  Nails the throttle.  The APC bellows backward up the ramp.  Hudson disappears under a pile of equipment as a storage rack breaks free.  Hicks gets the door almost closed.  Suddenly CLAWS appear at the edge.  Newt screams.  Against the combined efforts of Hicks, Burke and Vasquez the door is being SLOWLY WRENCHED OPEN FROM OUTSIDE. Hicks yells at a paralyzed Gorman.
104) 2) text: Feeling a tug at her pants leg she looks down.  Newt is wedged into a tiny space between the driver's seat and a bulkhead.  She is trembling, and looks terrified, but it's not the basket case catatonia of before.
104) 4) text: Newt gives her a THUMBS-UP, wan but stoic.  Ripley goes back to the others.  Hudson is holding his arm and staring in stunned dismay at nothing, playing it all back in his mind.
107) 31) text: CLACK!  The sound of a rifle bolt snapping home truncates his rant.  Vasquez has a pulse-rifle cradled, not exactly aimed at Burke but not exactly aimed away either.  Her expression is masklike.  End of discussion. Ripley sits behind Newt, putting her arm around her.
111) 2) text: She grabs Newt and sprints for cover as a tumbling section of the ship's massive engine module slams into the APC and it explodes into twisted wreckage. The drop-ship skips again, like a stone, engulfed in flames...AND CRASHES INTO THE STATION.  A TREMENDOUS FIREBALL. The remainder of the ground team watches their hopes of getting off the planet, and most of their superior fire power, reduced to flaming debris. There is a moment of stunned silence, then...
111) 5) text: She nods.  She can't disguise her stricken expression when she looks at Newt, but the little girl seems relatively calm.  She shrugs with fatalistic acceptance.
111) 6) dialog: I guess we're not leaving, right?
111) 8) dialog: You don't have to be sorry.  It wasn't your fault.
111) 11) dialog: We should get back, 'cause it'll be dark soon.  They come mostly at night.  Mostly.
111) 12) text: Ripley follows Newt's look to the AP station looming in the twilight, the burning drop-ship wreckage jammed into its basal structure.
113) 7) text: Ripley indicates Newt, who salutes Hudson smartly.
114) 0) text: Burke, Ripley, Hudson and Hicks are bent over a large HORIZONTAL VIDEOSCREEN, like an illuminated chart table. Newt hops from one foot to the other to see.
114) 10) dialog: (imitating Hudson) Aye-firmative!
116) 2) text: He and Ripley are covering an air duct opening with a metal plate, welding it in place, showering sparks in the dark corridor.  Behind them Burke and Newt are moving back and forth with cartons of food on a hand truck, stacking it inside the operations center. Hicks sets down his welder and pulls a small object out of a belt pouch.  A braceletlike EMERGENCY LOCATING BEEPER.
119) 0) text: Ripley carries an exhausted Newt through the inner connecting rooms of the medical wing.  She reaches an OPERATING ROOM which is small but very high-tech ...vaultlike metal walls, strange equipment. Several metal cots have been set up, displacing O.R. equipment which is pushed into one corner. Newt is resting her head on Ripley's shoulder, barely awake...out of steam.  Ripley sets her on one of the cots and Newt lies down.
119) 2) dialog: I don't want to...I have scary dreams.
119) 5) text: Ripley lifts the doll's head from Newt's tiny fingers and looks inside.  It is, of course, empty.
119) 7) text: Ripley closes the doll's eyes and hands her back. Newt rolls her eyes as if to say "don't pull that five-year-old shit on me, lady.  I'm six."
119) 8) dialog: Ripley...she doesn't have bad dreams because she's just a piece of plastic.
119) 10) dialog: My mommy always said there were no monsters.  No real ones.  But there are.
119) 13) dialog: Why do they tell little kids that?
119) 14) text: Newt's voice reveals her deep sense of betrayal. She's seen that the world can be just as terrifying as her most primal child's nightmare if not more so, and that's a lot worse than finding out there is no Santa.
119) 16) dialog: Did one of those things grow inside her?
119) 19) dialog: Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?
119) 21) dialog: Did you ever have a baby?
119) 23) dialog: Where is she?
119) 25) dialog: You mean dead.
119) 27) dialog: Ripley, I was just thinking... Maybe I could do you a favor and fill in for her.  Just for a while.  You can try it and if you don't like it, it's okay. I'll understand.  No big deal. Whattya think?
119) 30) text: She switches off the light and starts to rise.  Newt grabs her arm.  A plaintive voice in the dark.
119) 31) dialog: Don't go!  Please.
119) 33) text: Newt looks at the VIDEO SECURITY CAMERA above the door. Ripley unsnaps the TRACKER BRACELET given to her by Hicks and puts it on Newt's tiny wrist, cinching it down.
119) 35) text: Ripley walks away and Newt rolls on her side, hugging Casey and gazing at the hypnotically pulsing function light on the bracelet.  The space heater hums comfortingly.
134) 0) text: Ripley crosses the deserted lab, passing through the annex to the small O.R. where she left Newt.
135) 0) text: Entering the darkened chamber, Ripley looks around. Newt is nowhere to be seen.  On a hunch she kneels down and peers under the bed.  Newt is curled up there, jammed as far back as she can get, fast asleep.  Still clutching "Casey." Ripley stares at Newt's tiny face, so angelic despite the demons that have chased her through her dreams and the reality between dreams.  Ripley lays the rifle on top of the cot and crawls carefully underneath.  Without waking the little girl, she slips her arms around her. Ripley becomes merely the larger of two children huddling together in the darkness under their bed. Newt's face contorts with the externalization of some tormented dreamscape.  She cries out, a vague inarticulat plea.  Ripley rocks her gently.
137) 0) text: as she awakens with a start.  She checks her watch... an hour has passed.  She gently disengages herself from Newt and is about to crawl out from beneath the cot when she sees something and FREEZES. Across the room, just inside the door to the med lab, are two innocuous but nonetheless chilling objects. TWO STASIS CYLINDERS.  Their tops are hinged open, and the suspension fields are switched off.  They are both EMPTY.  Ripley feels a slow upwelling wave of terror rise through her in that silent frozen moment...the inescapable certainty of a lethal presence.  Unable to move or breathe, she looks around frantically, assessing the situation.
137) 2) dialog: Wah...?  Where are...?
137) 4) text: Newt nods, now wide awake.  They listen in the darkness for the slightest betrayal of movement.  The scrabble of multiple legs across the polished floor, for example. There is only the droning HUM of the little space heater. Ripley reaches up and, clutching the springs of the underside of the cot, begins to inch it away from the wall. The SQUEAL OF METAL as the legs scrape across the floor is jarringly loud in the stillness. When the space is wide enough she cautiously slides herself up between the wall and the edge of the cot, reaching for the rifle she left lying on top of the mattress.  Here yes clear the edge of the bed.  The rifle is GONE. She snaps her head around.  A SCUTTLING SHAPE LEAPS TOWARD HER from the foot of the bed!  She ducks with a startled cry.  The obscene thing hits the wall above her, legs moving lightning fast.  Reflexively she slams the bed against the wall, pinning the creature inches above her face.  Its legs and tail writhe with incredible ferocity and it emits a demented, piercing SQUEAL. Ripley heaves Newt across the polished floor and in a frenzied scramble rolls from beneath the cot.  She flips it over, trapping the creature underneath. They back away, gasping.  Ripley's eyes flash around the shadowed room where every corner of space between equipment holds lethal promise.  The creature scuttles from beneath the bed and disappears under a back of cabinets in a blur.  Ripley hugs Newt close and heads toward the door, moving as if every object in the room had a million volts running through it.  She reaches the door.  Hits the wall switch.  Nothing happens.  Disabled from outside.  She tries the lights. Nothing.  She pounds on the door.  The acoustically dampened door panel thunks dully.  She moves to the observation window, glancing frantically over her shoulder.  The bare floor behind her is like a screaming threat.
137) 6) text: She pounds on the window.  Through the double thickness window we can SEE that the lab is dark and empty.  Ripley whirls, hearing a loathsome scrabbling behind her.  Newt starts to whimper, feeding off her fear.  She steps in front of the video surveillance camera and waves her arms in a circle.
139) 0) text: Ripley picks up a steel chair and slams it against the observation window.  It bounces back from the high-impact material.  She tries again. REVERSE ANGLE  from the med lab side, showing her futile efforts, the chair hitting with a dull THWACK barely audible through the double thickness pressure port. Ripley turns, studying the room.  She fumbles through a clutter of equipment on a counter next to her and finds a SMALL EXAMINATION LIGHT.  Snapping it on she plays the beam over the walls.  Tall assemblies of surgical and anaethesiology equipment loom in the dark.  She hears, ot thinks she hears, movements.  The light spins across the room, swiveling and bobbing frantically.  Like an indicator of her growing panic. Newt starts a thin, high wailing.
139) 1) dialog: Mommy...mommmyyyyy...
139) 2) text: Ripley steadies herself, realizing Newt's terror and the child's dependence on her.  She plays the beam across the ceiling.  Holds on something.  Gets an idea. She removes her lighter from a jacket pocket and picks up some papers from the counter.  Moving cautiously she boosts Newt up onto the SURGICAL TABLE in the center of the room and clambers up after her.
139) 3) dialog: Mommy...I mean, Ripley...I'm scared.
141) 0) text: Ripley and Newt are drenched as the sprinklers continue to drizzle in the darkness.  The SIREN hoots maniacally, masking all other sound.  Ripley scans the room with her light, her hair plastered to her face, wiping water out of her eyes.  She is eye level with a complex surgical MULTILIGHT.  She looks into its tangle of arms and cables, inches away. Looks away.  Her eyes snap back.  SOMETHING LEAPS AT HER FACE.  She SCREAMS and topples off the table, splashing to the floor.  Newt shrieks and scrambles away as Ripley hurls the CHITTERING creature off of her.  It slams against a wall of cabinets, clings for a moment, then leaps back as if driven by a steel spring.  Ripley scrambles desperately, pulling equipment over on top of herself, clawing across the floor in a frenzy of motion.  In a blurr of multijointed legs the creature scuttles up her body. She tears at it, but it is incredibly powerful for its size.  It moves like lightning toward her head, avoiding her fumbling hands.  Newt screams abjectly, backing away, until she is pressed up against a desk in one corner. Ripley has both hands up, forcing the pulsing body back from her face.  The thing's tail whips around her throat and begins to tighten, forcing the underside of its body close to her.  Ripley thrashes about, knocking over equipment, sending instruments CLATTERING. Water streams over her, into her eyes, blinding her and making it impossible to get a grip on the creature's body. ANGLE ON NEWT  as crablike legs appear from behind the desk, right behind her.  She sees it and, thinking fast, jams the desk against the wall, pinning the writhing thing.  The desk jumps and shudders against all the pressure her tiny body can bring to bear on it. She wails between gritted teeth as the second creature gets one leg free, then another and another.  Squeezing itself inexorably onto the desk top...toward her. The legs of the chittering thing claw at Ripley's head, getting a surer grip even as she whips her head from side to side.  The obscene TUBULE extrudes wetly from the sheath on the creature's underside, forcing itself between the arms she has crossed tightly over her face. A figure appears at the observation window, a silhouette behind the misted-over glass.  A hand wipes a clear spot. Hick's eyes appear.  He steps back.  WHAM!  A burst of pulse-rifle fire shatters the tempered glass.  Hicks dives into the crazed spider web pattern and explodes into the room in a shower of fragments.  He hits rolling, his armor grinding through the shards, and slides across to Ripley.  He gets his fingers around the thrashing legs of the vicious beast and pulls.  Between the two of them they force is away from her face, though Ripley is losing strength as the tail tightens sickeningly around her throat.  Hudson leaps into the room, flings Newt away from the desk to go skidding across the wet floor, and blasts the second creature against the wall.  Point-blank.  Acid and smoke. Gorman appears at Ripley's side and grabs the tail, unwinding its writhing length like a boa constrictor coil from her throat.  All of them grip the struggling, SHRIEKING creature.
147) 2) dialog: Look!
147) 3) text: Behind her an alien is moving down the corridor like a locomotive, a graceful skeleton shape as lethal and inhuman as you can imagine.  Strobe flashes backlight the demented silhouette.  Shaking, Ripley raises her rifle.  She squeezes the trigger.  NOTHING HAPPENS. The creature HISSES, baring its teeth as it advances. Ripley checks the SAFETY.  The safety is off.  The DIGITAL COUNTER.  The magazine is full.  Newt begins to wail.  Ripley's hands, slick with sweat, are trembling so much she almost drops the rifle.  Panic screams in her brain.  The thing is almost on her, filling the corridor, when she remembers.  She snaps the bolt back, chambering a round.  Whips the stock to her shoulder. FIRES.  FLASH-CRACK!  A FLASHBULB GLIMPSE OF shrieking jaws as the silhouette is hurled back, screeching insanely. Ripley is slammed against the door by the recoil, blinded by the flash and deafened by the concussion.
149) 0) text: Stunned, Ripley sees through dissipating smoke the creature rising to advance again.  Flinching against blast and glare she drills it POINT-BLANK with a BLINDING BURST that carries the M-41A's muzzle right up toward the ceiling.  Newt covers her ears against the CONCUSSION.
152) 0) text: The door dimples with a clanging impact, separating slightly from its frame.  Another crash, the squeal of tortured steel.  Newt grabs Ripley by the hand and tugs her across the room.
152) 1) dialog: Come on!  This way.
152) 2) text: She leads Ripley to an air vent set low in the wall and expertly unlatches the grille, swinging it open.  Newt starts inside but Ripley pulls her back.
152) 4) text: Ripley trades her rifle for Gorman's flamethrower before he can protest and enters the air shaft, which is a tight fit.  Newt scrambles in behind, followed by Hicks, Gorman and Vasquez on rearguard.  Glancing back fearfully Newt pushes on Ripley's butt as they crawl rapidly through the shaft.
152) 5) dialog: Come on.  Crawl faster.
152) 7) dialog: Sure.  Go left.
152) 9) dialog: Go right.
154) 6) text: Between eye-searing bursts of flame Ripley sees the glistening apparitions closing in.  Hicks' torch feathers out.  Empty.  Bracing his back he kicks hard at the cherry-hot metal.  It bends aside. Beyond is a narrow SERVICE WAY, lined with pipes and conduit.  Hicks slides through the searing hole, lifting Newt safely through as Ripley hands her out. Ripley follows and turns to help Gorman.  Vasquez' flamethrower goes dry.  She draws her SERVICE PISTOL. Suddenly she looks up as a WARRIOR SCREECHES DOWN FROM A VERTICAL SHAFT, right above her. She fires with incredible rapidity...BAM!  BAM!  BAM! Rolls aside.  It lands on her legs and she snaps her head to one side just as its TAIL STINGER buries into the metal wall beside her cheek.  She fires again, emptying the pistol, kicking the thrashing shape away. Acid cuts through her chickenplate armor, searing into her thigh.  She cries out, gritting her teeth against the white-hot pain.  Gorman sees Vasquez hit, unable to move.  Sees the creatures coming the other way...and turns away from the escape hole.  He crawls back to her, grabs her battle harness and starts dragging her towards safety.  Too late.  The approaching alien warriors have reached and passed the opening.  Vasquez sees him, barely conscious.
155) 0) text: RUSHING WITH Ripley, Newt and Hicks as a full tilt run. The service way lights up with a POWERFUL BLAST behind them and they stumble with the shock wave.  Newt breaks out ahead and it's all Ripley and Hicks can do to keep up.
155) 1) dialog: This way.  Come on, we're almost there!
155) 3) text: The kid moves like lightning, diving and dodging around obstacles.  If it wasn't clear before it's clear now that we are on her turf, and she's the ace.  Running on and on, their breathing loud and echoing...the walls a directionless blur.  Newt never hesitates. They reach a junction with a narrow ANGLED CHUTE which runs upward at a steep 45 degrees.
155) 4) dialog: Here!  Go up.
156) 1) dialog: Just up there --
156) 2) text: Newt slips, a rusted rib collapsing under her foot.  She slides...catches herself with one hand.  Ripley reaches for her, dropping her light.  The hand-light goes skittering and bumping down the chute, around a bend, and disappears. Ripley strains, reaching, her hand groping for Newt's. They miss, inches apart.
156) 3) dialog: Riiiiipppleee --
156) 4) text: She slips.  Hicks lunges, grabbing her oversized jacket. AND SHE SLIPS OUT OF IT.  With an echoing scream Newt plummets, sliding down the chute into darkness. MOVING WITH HER, the walls racing by in a dizzy blur like a bobsled ride.  THe shaft pitches left.  Newt bounces, sliding halfway up the wall.  The chute forks ahead. Newt tumbles into the right shaft, which drops at a steeper angle into the depths.  Just disappearing down the LEFT SHAFT we SEE Ripley's light. Ripley looks Hicks in the eye.  And kicks free...sliding down the chute after Newt.  Ripley slams her feet into the side-ribs, bracing herself in a controlled descent. Ripley reaches the "V."  Sees the glow of the light in the left fork.  She goes left.
156) 7) dialog: (o.s.) Mommy...where are you?
156) 8) text: Ripley reaches the bottom of the chute where it intersects with a HORIZONTAL SERVICE TUNNEL.  The light is lying there, but no Newt.  The echoing wail comes again.
156) 9) dialog: (o.s.) Moooommeeee...
156) 10) text: Ripley starts down the tunnel, answering.  Newt's call comes again.  Fainter?  She can't tell.  She spins in a growing panic, starts the other way.
157) 0) text: Newt is in a low grottolike chamber, filled with pipes and machines.  It is flooded, almost up to Newt's waist. She looks up, seeing light streaming through a grating. Ripley's voice seems to come from there.
157) 2) text: Newt climbs some pipes, straining to reach the grating.
158) 3) dialog: Here!  I'm here.  I'm here.
158) 4) text: Ripley runs to the grating.  Looking down she sees Newt's tearstreaked face.  Newt reaches up.  Her tiny fingers wriggle up through the bars of the grate.  Ripley squeezes the child's precious fingertips.
158) 6) text: Newt backs away, climbing down the pipe as Hicks cuts into the bars with his hand-torch.
159) 0) text: Newt, standing waist deep in the water, watches sparks shower blindingly as Hicks cuts.  She bites her lip, trembling.  Cold and terrified.  Silently a glistening shape rises in one graceful motion from the water behind her.  It stands, dripping, dwarfing her tiny form.  Newt turns, sensing the movement...She SCREAMS as the shadow engulfs her.
160) 2) text: The surface of the water reflects the beam placidly. Newt is gone.  Bobbing in the water, eyes staring, is "Casey" the doll head.  In sinks slowly, distorting, vanishing in darkness. Hicks pulls Ripley away from the hole.  She struggles furiously, trying to tear out of his grip.
166) 6) text: Ripley moves ahead.  The locator signals shows she is almost there.  A CONCUSSION rocks the place, like an earthquake, jarring her almost off her feet.  Then another.  The whole station seems to shudder.  A SIREN begins to wail a demented rhythm.  Following the tracker she turns a corner and stops.  The RANGE INDICATOR READS ZERO.  She looks down, horrified to see Newt's tracer bracelet lying on the floor of the tunnel.  All hope recedes, disintegrating into mindless chaos.
167) 0) text: Newt is cocooned in a pillarlike structure at the edge of a cluster of upright OVOID SHAPES...alien eggs.  Her eyelids flutter open and she becomes aware of her surroundings.  The egg nearest her begins to move...opening like an obscene flower at its top to reveal something stirring within.  Newt stares, transfixed by terror, as the jointed legs appear over the lip of the ovoid one by one.  She SCREAMS.
169) 0) text: Newt watches the face-hugger emerge and turn toward her.  Ripley runs in just as it is tensing to leap, and FIRES, blasting it with a burst from the assault rifle.  The flash illuminates the figure of an adult warrior, nearby.  It spins, moving straight for Ripley.  Firing from the hip she drills it with two controlled bursts which catapult it back.  She steps toward it, FIRING AGAIN.  Her expression is murderous.  AND AGAIN.  It spins onto its back. She unleashes the flamethrower and it vanishes in a fireball.  Ripley runs to Newt and begins tearing at the fresh resinous cocoon material, freeing the child.  She swings her up onto her back.
169) 1) dialog: (weakly) I knew you'd come.
169) 3) text: Groggily Newt hooks her arms and legs through the belts of Ripley's battle harness as Ripley picks up her weapon.  More warriors are moving toward her among the eggs.  She fires the flamethrower.  The eggs are engulfed.  One of the warriors lunges forward, a living fireball.  She blasts it in half with two bursts from the M-41A.  Ripley retreats, ducking under a glistening cylindrical mass.  A PIERCING SHRIEK fill the chamber.  She turns.  And there it is. A massive silhouette in the mist, the ALIEN QUEEN glowers over her eggs like a great, glistening black insect-Buddha.  What's bigger and meaner than the Alien?  His momma.  Her fanged head is an unimaginable horror.  Her six limbs, the four arms and two powerful legs, are folded grotesquely over her distended abdomen.  The egg-filled abdomen swells and swells into a great pulsing tubular sac, suspended from a lattice of pipes and conduits by a weblike membrane as if some vast coil of intestine were draped carelessly among the machinery.  Ripley realizes she ducked under part of it a moment before.  Inside the abdominal sac can be SEEN the forms of countless eggs, churning their way toward the pulsating ovipositor where they emerge glistening, to be picked up by DRONES.  The drones are tiny scuttling albino versions of the "warrior" aliens we have already seen. Ripley pumps the slide on her grenade launcher.  She fires.  Pumps and fires again.  Four times.  The grenades punch deep into the egg sac and EXPLODE, ripping it open from within.  Eggs are tons of gelatinous matter pour across the chamber floor.  The Queen goes berserk, SCREECHING like some psychotic steam whistle. Ripley lays about her with the flamethrower, igniting everything in sight with an insane fury.  Eggs shrivel in the inferno, and figures of warriors and drones vanish in frenzied thrashing.  Over all is the Queen's shrieking as she struggles in the flames.  Two warriors emerge from the boiling smoke, closing on her.  She pulls the trigger...an empty click.  DIGITAL COUNTER flashing crimson zeroes.  She drops the magazine, grabs another from her belt, rams it home and OPENS UP. The creatures vanish in rapid-fire flashes.  Ripley backs away, venting her terror in a sustained orgy of fire as she blasts everything that moves in one long eye-searing expenditure of energy.  Then she dashes into the catacombs, navigating by sheer primal instinct.
173) 0) text: Ripley struggles up through a narrow hatch, Newt clinging to her.  She dives aside as a POWERFUL BLACK ARM shoots up through the opening, its razor claws slamming into the grille-floor inches from her.  Looking down through the grille she sees the great horrifying jaws directly below her, wet and leering.  She scrambles up, running, as the grille-floor lifts and buckles behind her with the titanic force of the creature below. It hurls itself with insane ferocity against the metal, pacing her from below as she runs.
177) 0) text: Ripley, with Newt still clinging to her, slams through the door opening onto the platform. Through wind-whipped streamers of smoke she sees...THE SHIP IS GONE.
177) 4) text: Newt is sobbing. The lift rises ponderously INTO VIEW.  Ripley turns, backing away from the doors toward the railing.  There is no place to run to on the platform.  EXPLOSIONS detonate in the complex far below and huge fireballs swell upward through the machinery.  The platform bucks wildly.  Nearby a cooling tower collapses with a THUNDEROUS ROAR and the SHRIEK OF RENDING STEEL.  More EXPLOSIONS, one after another, rocketing up from below. Ripley stares transfixed as the lift stops.  The safety cage parts.
177) 6) text: The lift doors begin to open.  A glimpse of the apparition within. ANGLE ON RIPLEY AND NEWT  as the drop-ship RISES RIGHT BEHIND THEM, its hovering jets roaring.
178) 0) text: Ripley leaps into a seat with Newt, cradling her.  Begins strapping in.  Bishop wrestles with the controls.  The landing legs retract, ripping free.  Ripley slams her seat harness latches home.
178) 2) text: The entire lower level of the station disappears in a fireball.  The air vibrates with intense heat waves and concussion.  The drop-ship engines fire.  Ripley is slammed back in her seat.  The ship vaults out and up, Bishop standing it on its tail, pouring on the gees. Ripley and Newt see everything shake into a blur.
180) 0) text: Ripley and Newt watch the blinding glare fade away and they sit, wide-eyed, trembling, realizing they are finally and truly safe.  Newt starts to cry quietly, and Ripley strokes her hair.
182) 2) text: Ripley nods and, picking up Newt, precedes Bishop down the aisle to the loading ramp.
183) 5) text: He notices a tiny innocuous drop of liquid splash onto th ramp next to his shoe.  SSSSSS.  Acid.  SOMETHING BURSTS FROM HIS CHEST, spraying Ripley with milklike android blo It is the razor-sharp scorpion TAIL of the alien QUEEN. Driven right through him from behind.  Bishop thrashes, seizing the protruding section of tail in his hands, as i slowly lifts him off the deck.  Above them the Queen glowers from its place of concealment among the hydraulic mechanisms inside one landing-leg bay.  It blends perfect with the machinery until it begins to emerge.  Seizing Bishop in two great hands it rips him apart and flings hi aside, shredded, like a doll.  It descends slowly to the deck, the rotating lights glistening across its shiny bla limbs, dripping acid and rage.  Still smoking where Riple half-fried it.  The Queen is huge, powerful...and very pissed off.  It descends slowly, its six limbs unfolding inhuman geometries. Ripley moves with nightmarish slowness herself, staring hypnotized...terrified to break and run.  She lowers Newt to the deck, never taking her eyes off the creature.
183) 7) text: Newt runs for cover.  The Alien drops to the deck, pivoti toward the motion.  Ripley waves her arms, decoying.
185) 0) text: The Queen turns its attention from the doors to Newt as the little girl crawls into a system of trenchlike service channels which cross the deck.  The channels are covered by steel grillework and barely big enough for her to crawl through.
186) 0) text: Newt scurries like a rabbit as the looming figure of the Alien appears above, seen through the bars.  A section of grille is ripped away behind her.  She scrambles desperately.  Another section is ripped away right at her heels.  Light pouring in.  The next will be right above her.
189) 0) text: Newt screams as the hurricane airstream sucks her across the floor toward the airlock.   Bishop, torn virtually in two, his pastalike internal organs whipped by the wind, grips a stanchion and reaches desperately for Newt as she slides past him.  He catches her arm and hangs on as she dangles, doll-like, in the airblast.
190) 0) text: The Alien seizes Ripley's ankle.  She locks her arms around a ladder rung, feels them almost torn out of their shoulder sockets. The door opens farther, all of space yawning below.  The loader tumbles clear, falling away.  It drags the Alien, still clutching one of Ripley's lucky hi-tops, into the depths of space.  Its SHRIEK fades, it gone. With all her strength Ripley fights the blasting air, crawling over the lip of the inner doorway.  She releases the OVERRIDE from a second panel.  The inner doors close. The turbulent air eddies and settles. She lies on her back, drained of all strength.  Gasping for breath.  Weakly she turns her head, seeing Bishop still holding Newt by the arm.  Encrusted with his own vanilla milkshake blood.  Bishop gives her a small, grim smile.
190) 2) text: He winks. Ripley crosses to Newt.
190) 3) dialog: (weakly) Mommy...Mommy?
191) 0) text: Ripley limps along the corridor, carrying Newt on her hip The ship's systems hum comfortingly.  Newt's head rests on her shoulder.
191) 1) dialog: Are we going to sleep now?
191) 3) dialog: Can we dream?