1) 2) text: His gloved hand wipes at on opaque layer of dust on the canopy. ANGLE INSIDE CAPSULE  as light stabs in where the dust is wiped away, illuminating a WOMAN, her face in peaceful repose. WARRANT OFFICER RIPLEY, sole survivor of the Nostromo. Nestled next to her is JONES, the ship's wayward cat.
2) 4) dialog: (weakly) Terrible.
2) 6) dialog: How long have I been on Gateway station?
2) 8) text: Ripley shrugs, not caring.  The door opens and a MAN enters, although Ripley sees only what he is carrying. A familiar large, orange TOMCAT.
2) 9) dialog: Jones!
2) 11) dialog: (cooing baby-cat talk) Come here Jonesy you ugly old moose...you ugly thing.
2) 12) text: Jones patiently endures Ripley's embarrassing display, seeming none the worse for wear.  The visitor sits beside the bed and Ripley finally notices him.  He is thirtyish and handsome, in a suit that looks executive or legal, the tie loosened with studied casualness.  A smile referred to as "winning."
2) 14) dialog: How long was I out there?  They won't tell me anything.
2) 16) text: Ripley grabs his arm, surprising him.
2) 17) dialog: How long?
2) 20) text: Ripley is stunned.  She seems to deflate, her expression passing through amazement and shock to realization of all she has lost.  Friends.  Family.  Her world.
2) 21) dialog: Fifty-seven...oh, Christ...
2) 23) text: Ripley coughs suddenly as if choking and her expression becomes one of dawning horror.  Burke hands her a glass of water from the nightstand.  She slaps it away.  It shatters with a SMASH.  Jones dives, yowling.  Ripley grabs her chest, struggling as if she is strangling. The Med-Tech hits a console button.
2) 25) text: Burke and the Med-Tech are holding Ripley's shoulders as she goes into convulsions.  A DOCTOR and TWO TECHS run in.  Ripley's back arches in agony.
2) 26) dialog: No...noooo!
2) 29) text: AN EXPLOSION OF BLOOD beneath the sheet covering her chest!  Ripley stares at the SHAPE RISING UNDER THE SHEET.  Tearing itself out of her. HER P.O.V. as the sheet rises.  A GLIMPSE OF the CHITTERING HORROR...IT SCREECHES. TIGHT ON RIPLEY  screaming, snapping up INTO FRAME. Alone in the darkened hospital room.  She gasps for breath, clutching pathetically at her chest.  There is no demented horror rigging itself out of her.  Her eyes snap about wildly, slowly focusing on the reality of her safety.  Shuddering, bathed in sweat, she kneads her breastbone with the heel of her hand and sobs. A VIDEO MONITOR beside the bed snaps on.  A MED-TECH's face.
2) 31) dialog: (faint) No.. I've slept enough.
2) 33) dialog: We made it, Jones.  We made it.
3) 1) dialog: (voice over) Dumbshit.
3) 2) text: WIDER ANGLE  as Jones steps back confused from the HIGH-RESOLUTION ENVIRONMENTAL WALL SCREEN, a sort of cinerama video-loop.  Ripley sits on a bench in what we now SEE is an ATRIUM off the medical center, still somewhere in the bowels of Gateway Station.  Benches. Some unenthusiastic potted trees.  The sterile corridors VISIBLE beyond glass doors b.g. Burke ENTERS in his usual mode, casual haste.
3) 4) text: Ripley seems healthier now, but still a bit brittle.
3) 5) dialog: Have they located my daughter yet?
3) 8) dialog: Is she...?
3) 10) text: Ripley studies the PHOTOGRAPH, stunned. The face of a woman in her mid-sixties.  It could be anybody.  She tries to reconcile the face with the little girl she once knew.
3) 11) dialog: Amy.
3) 13) text: Ripley gazes off, into the pseudo-landscape, into the past.
3) 14) dialog: I promised her I'd be home for her birthday.  Her eleventh birthday.  I sure missed that one. (pause) Well...she has already learned to take my promises with a grain of salt.  When it came to flight schedules, anyway.
3) 16) dialog: You always think you can make it up to somebody...later, you know. But now I never can.  I never can.
3) 17) text: Let's get one thing straight...Ripley can be one tough lady.  But the terror, the loss, the emptiness are, in this moment, overwhelming.  She cries silently. Burke puts a reassuring hand on her arm.
4) 0) text: Elevator doors part and Ripley emerges, in mid-conversati with Burke.  DOLLYING AHEAD OF THEM as they move rapidly down the corridor.
4) 1) dialog: You read my deposition...it's complete and accurate.
4) 3) dialog: I get the picture.
5) 1) dialog: Do you people have earwax, of what?  We have been here three hours.  How many different ways do you want me to tell the same story?
5) 2) text: She faces the EIGHT MEMBERS of the board of inquiry at a long conference table.  Gray suits and grim faces.  They aren't buying.  Behind Ripley on a large VIDEO SCREEN, PARKER grins like a goon from his personnel mugshot.  His file prints out next to it.  BRETT's face and dossier replace it, and then the others as the SCENE continues... KANE, LAMBERT, ASH the android traitor, DALLAS. VAN LEUWEN, the ICC representative, steeples his fingers and frowns.
5) 6) dialog: Look, I told you...
5) 8) text: Ripley sense the noose tightening.
5) 9) dialog: Then somebody's gotten to it... doctored the recorder.  Who had access to it?
5) 12) text: Ripley glares at the ECA Rep, a woman on the ungenerous side of fifty.  Van Leuwen sighs with exasperation.
5) 14) dialog: (losing it)  That's because I blew it out the Goddamn airlock! (pause) Like I said.
5) 17) text: Ripley grits her teeth in frustration.
5) 18) dialog: I told you, it wasn't indigenous. There was an alien spacecraft there. A derelict ship.  We homed on its beacon...
5) 20) text: Ripley glances at Burke, silent at the far end of the table.  His expression is grim.  Her mouth hardens as a bit of the old nail-eating Ripley surfaces.
5) 21) dialog: Look, I can see where this is going.  But I'm telling you those things exist.  Back on that planetoid is an alien ship and on that ship are thousands of eggs.  Thousands. Do you understand?  I suggest you find it, using the flight recorder's data.  Find it and deal with it -- before one of your survey teams comes back with a little surprise...
5) 23) dialog: (louder, stepping on him) ...because just one of those things managed to kill my entire crew, within twelve hours of hatching...
5) 26) text: Ripley stares him down, glowering at the board.
5) 27) dialog: That's not all, Goddamnit!  If those things get back here, that will be all.  Then you can just kiss it good-bye, Jack!  Just kiss it goodbye.
5) 28) text: Ripley turns sharply away, trembling with frustration and anger.  Dallas looks back at her from the video screen, his eyes burning from the photograph, as we:
6) 0) text: Ripley kicks the wall next to Burke who is getting coffee and donuts at a vending machine.
6) 2) dialog: They had their minds made up before I even went in there. They think I'm a head case.
7) 2) text: Burke watches Ripley taking it on the chin, white-lipped but subdued.
8) 0) text: DOLLY BACK as the conference room door bangs open and Ripley strides through.  She shrugs off Burke's restraining arm and catches up to Van Leuwen walking down the corridor.
8) 1) dialog: (insistent) Why won't you check out LV-426?
8) 3) dialog: What are you talking about. What people?
8) 4) text: Van Leuwen steps into an elevator with some others, but Ripley holds the door from closing.
8) 6) text: The door tries to close.  Ripley slams it back.  People are getting annoyed.
8) 7) dialog: How many colonists?
8) 9) dialog: (low) Sweet Jesus.
8) 11) text: Ripley's hand slides off the door, strengthless. TIGHT ON HER  FROM INSIDE the elevator as the doors close like fate on her lost expression.
18) 0) text: Silence.  Ripley, looking haggard, sits at a table in the dining alcove contemplating the smoke rising from her cigarette.  The place is modest, to be charitable, and there are few personal touches.  Though it's late in the day Ripley is still wearing a robe.  The bed is unmade.  Dishes in the sink.  Jones prowls across the counter.  The WALLSCREEN is on, blaring vapidly.
18) 3) text: The door BUZZES.  Ripley jumps like a cat.  Jones doesn't
19) 4) text: The door opens.  Ripley considers the ramifications of that.  She motions them inside.
20) 0) text: Burke and Gorman are seated, nursing coffee.  Ripley paces, very tense.
20) 1) dialog: No.  There's no way!
20) 3) dialog: I was reamed, steamed and dry-cleaned by you guys...and now you want me to go back out there?  Forget it.
20) 9) dialog: (to Burke) What about you?  What's your interest in this?
20) 12) dialog: Yeah, yeah.  I saw the commercial.
20) 14) dialog: (defensive) That's right.
20) 16) dialog: (shrugging) It's all I could get.  Anyway, it keeps my mind off of... everything.  Days off are worse.
20) 18) dialog: If I go.
20) 20) dialog: (frosty) Spare me, Burke.  I've had my psych evaluation this month.
20) 23) dialog: (shouting) No!  The answer is no.  Now please go.  I'm sorry.  Just go, would you.
22) 0) text: Ripley lunges INTO FRAME with an animal outcry.  She clutches her chest, breathing hard.  Bathed in sweat she lights a cigarette with trembling hands.  Do we hear a faint, desolate wind? TIGHT ON PHONE CONSOLE  as Ripley's hand inserts Burke's card into a slot.  "STAND BY" prints out on the screen and is replaced by Burke's face, bleary with sleep.
22) 2) dialog: Burke, just tell me one thing. That you're going out there to kill them.  Not study.  Not bring back.  Just burn them out...clean ...forever.
22) 4) text: CLOSEUP - RIPLEY  taking a deep slow breath.  It's time to look the demon in the eye.
22) 5) dialog: All right.  I'm in.
22) 7) dialog: And you my dear, are staying right here.
27) 0) text: Blackness, until a bank of indicators lights up. Hydraulics lift a grid of equipment from a row of horizontal HYPERSLEEP CYLINDERS.  It reaches the ceiling.  Locks. CLOSE ON RIPLEY'S CAPSULE  as trickles of water run down the frosted canopy.
28) 0) text: Lit up, white and sterile. The canopies of the row of capsules are raised.  Ripley sits up.  Rubs her arms briskly.  Next to her Gorman and Burke are stirring and beyond them the troopers, wearing shorts and dog tags.  They are:
28) 15) text: HICKS, an older lifer-type who keeps his own counsel, just snorts good-naturedly. Ripley scans the group as they shuffle past her to a bank of lockers.  Though not supermen they are lean and hardened...tough, capable, jaded.  They combine the specialized techno-combat training of the twenty-first century fighting man with those qualities universal to "grunts" through the ages.  SERGEANT APONE moves down the row of freezers.
28) 19) text: Ripley steps back as the troopers shuffle past nodding cursory hellos.  She feels isolated by the camaraderie of this tightknit group. VASQUEZ eyes her coldly as she passes.  Like Drake, Vasquez is younger then the rest and her combat-primer was the street in a Los Angeles barrio.  She is tough even by the standards of this group.  Hard-muscled. Eyes cunning and mean.
28) 22) text: She slaps Drake's open palm and it clenches into a greeting which is part contest.  It gets rougher. Painful.  Until she cuffs him hard and they break with vicious laughter.  Dobermans playing.  Conscripted from juvenile prison, the two of them were trained to operate the formidable "SMART-GUNS."  That is part of their bond. BISHOP is helping everyone like a valet.  As he passes close to her Ripley notices a strange TATTOO across the back of his left hand...an ALPHA-NUMERIC CODE.
29) 0) text: High pressure water jets and a blast of hot air when you step out...a drive through car wash for people. Through the swirling steam Hudson, Vasquez and FERRO are watching Ripley dry off.
30) 0) text: An unconscious segregation takes place at the troopers assemble at one long table while Gorman, Burke, Bishop and Ripley sit at another.  Everybody is nursing a coffee, waiting for eggs from the AUTOCHEF.  Among the troopers dress discipline is lax...fatigues customized and emblazoned with patches.  Drake's tunic is cut off to a vest and has "Eat the apple and fuck the Corps" stenciled on back.  "Peace Through Superior Firepower," "Pray for War" and "I've Served My Time in Hell:  Cetti Epsilon NC-104" are some others.
30) 8) text: Across the room, at the other table, Gorman sits with his creases perfect...the consummate strack NCO.  Bishop takes a seat beside Ripley, who pointedly gets up and moves to the far side of the table.  He looks wounded.
30) 10) text: Ripley spins on Burke, her tone accusing.
30) 11) dialog: You never said anything about an android being here!  Why not?
30) 17) text: Bishop turns to Ripley, very conciliatory.
30) 19) text: WHAM!  Ripley knocks the plate out of his hand, halfway across the room.
30) 20) dialog: Just stay away from me, Bishop! You got that straight?
31) 2) text: WIDER ANGLE  as the troops snap to from their lounging among the racks of high-tech weaponry.  Gorman enters with Burke and Ripley.
31) 12) text: Gorman nods to Ripley, who stands before the troops. She sets some RECORDING DISKETTES on the table.
31) 13) dialog: I've dictated what I know on these.
31) 16) dialog: Okay.  It's important to understand this organism's life cycle.  It's actually two creatures.  The first form hatches from a spore...a sort of large egg, and attaches itself to its victim.  Then it injects an embryo, detaches and dies. It's essentially a walking sex organ. The --
31) 18) dialog: (controlled) The embryo, the second form, hosts in the victim's body for several hours.  Gestating.  Then it... (with difficulty) ...then it...emerges.  Moults. Grows rapidly --
31) 20) dialog: Yes?
31) 28) dialog: (icy) Am I disturbing you conversation Mr. Hudson?
31) 29) text: Hudson settles down, smirking.  Ripley locks eyes with Vasquez.
31) 30) dialog: I hope you're right.  I really do.
31) 34) text: Gorman scowls then, thanking Ripley with a nod, takes over the predrop briefing.
36) 3) text: Ripley watches the drop-ship being loaded.  A cross between a Huey Aircobra gunship and the space shuttle might describe it.  An orbit-to-surface troop carrier, heavily armed for the close support of ground missions. She watches a six-wheeled APC, ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIER, being raised hydraulically into the ship's belly.  Ripley looks around as Frost wheels a rack of incomprehensible equipment toward her.
36) 5) text: Ripley jumps aside, nodding apologetically.  She turns. Steps hastily back.  Hudson cruises by with a laden forklift.
36) 7) text: ANGLE ON APONE  standing with Hicks, as Ripley approaches him
36) 8) dialog: I feel like a fifth wheel here.  Is there anything I can do?
36) 10) dialog: (pointing) I can drive that loader.  I've got a Class Two rating.  My latest career move.
36) 11) text: Apone turns.  A SECOND POWER LOADER sits unused in an equipment bay. TWO SHOT APONE AND HICKS  skeptical.  Considering. TIGHT ON POWER SWITCH  as Ripley's finger punches it on. A RISING WHINE of power. TIGHT ON THE HYDRAULICS  as the massive machine stirs to life. FULL, as the loader starts.  Ripley is strapped into the safety cage, her arms and legs inserted in the servo-sensor assemblies.  She takes a step.  BOOM! Two tons of hardened steel takes a step. Ripley spins the wrist servos.  The huge claws swing, open...slide smoothly into lifting brackets on a cargo module, nearby.  She raises it deftly.
36) 12) dialog: Where you want it?
38) 0) text: Ripley, wearing a flight jacket and headset, files into the ship with the hulking troopers.  Inside they pass directly into the APC we saw loaded earlier and take seats facing each other across a narrow aisle.  They will drop already strapped into their ground vehicle for rapid deployment.  A KLAXON SOUNDS, signalling depressurization of the cargo lock. Hudson prowls the aisle, his movements predatory and exaggerated.  Ripley watches him working his way toward her.
38) 7) text: Ripley nods her thanks to Hicks.  MOTORS WHINE and the craft lurches.  Burke, next to Ripley, grins eagerly like this is a sport fishing trip.
42) 0) text: Apone, stalking the aisle, snatches for a handhold. Bishop, Burke and Gorman groan at the sudden gees. Ripley closes her eyes...the point of no return.
45) 3) dialog: How may drops is this for you, Lieutenant?
45) 7) text: Vasquez and Drake exchange do-you-believe-this-shit expressions.  Ripley looks accusingly at Burke.
48) 0) text: Stumbling as the ship pitches, Ripley makes her way forward to the MOBILE TACTICAL OPERATIONS BAY (MTOB), a control console lined with monitor screens.  She joins Burke watching over Gorman's shoulder as the Lieutenant plays the board like a video director. TIGHT ON MONITOR CONSOLE  REVEALING screens labelled with the names of the troopers.  Two for each soldier.  The upper screens show images from the IMAGE-INTENSIFIED VIDEO CAMERAS in their helmets.  The lower screens are BIO-MONITORS:  EEG, EKG, and other graphic life-function readouts.  Other screens show EXTERIOR VIEWS.
48) 5) text: A clatter of activity as they don backpacks and weapons. Vasquez and Drake buckle on their smart-gun body harnesses. Ripley watches the AP station loom on the exterior screens.
48) 6) dialog: That the atmosphere processor?
50) 2) dialog: The structure seems intact.  They have power.
50) 6) text: Ripley turns as Vasquez squeezes past her.
50) 8) dialog: You bet.
54) 0) text: Ripley watches as the bobbing images reveal the empty colony building.
56) 0) text: Ripley et al watching.
59) 0) text: Ripley watches Hicks' monitor.
59) 1) dialog: Wait!  Tell him to... (plugs in headset jack) ...Hicks.  Back up.  Pan left. There!
59) 2) text: TIGHT ON MONITOR  as the image shifts, revealing a section of wall corroded almost through in an irregular pattern. TIGHT ON RIPLEY  knowing what it is.
59) 4) text: Burke raises an eyebrow at Ripley.
63) 0) text: Lights arc across the dormant buildings as the APC turns onto the "main drag."  It trundles down the rutted street, throwing up sheets of filthy water as the massive wheels hit pondlike potholes.  Windblown rain lashes across the headlights. Hicks emerges from the south lock just as the APC rolls up close to the entrance.  The crew-door slides back. Gorman emerges, followed by Burke, Bishop, and Wierzbowski.  Burke looks back to see Ripley stop in the APC doorway, eyeing the ominous colony structure.  She meets his eyes.  Shakes her head "no."  Not ready.
64) 0) text: The crew-door cycles home with a clang.  Ripley sits in the dark interior, lit by the tactical displays.  The wind howls outside, an incredibly desolate sound.  She hugs herself.  Alone.  Unarmed.  She knows she's in a tank, but remembers the acid.  Leaps up.  Hits the door switch.
65) 0) text: The crew-door opens and Ripley emerges.  In time to see the lock doors rumbling closed.
65) 1) dialog: (shouting) Burke!
65) 4) dialog: Christ, Wierzbowski!
66) 0) text: Ripley catches up with the others as they move into the bowels of the complex.
66) 3) text: ON RIPLEY  as they move along the corridor...reacting to the fact that she is back in alien country.  She sees the ravaged administration complex.  Fire-gutted offices. Hicks notices her looking around nervously.  He motions to big Wierzbowski with his eyes and the trooper casually falls in beside her on the other side, rifle at ready. a two-man protective cordon.  She glances at Hicks.  He winks, but so fast maybe it's something in his eye. Trooper Frost emerges from a side corridor ahead.
67) 0) text: This wing is completely without power.  The troopers switch on their pack lights and the beams illuminate a scene of devastation worse than they have seen.  Her expression reveals that Ripley is about to turn and flee.
68) 4) text: TIGHT ON RIPLEY  transfixed by something.
68) 5) dialog: (low) Over there.
68) 8) text: Ripley nods, unable to speak.  Burke leans closer in fascination.  His face almost touching one cylinder, is lit by its glow.
68) 9) dialog: Watch it, Burke...
68) 14) text: On top of each cylinder is a file folder.  Ripley takes a folder from above one of the live specimens.  Inside is a medical chart printout with handwritten entries.
68) 15) dialog: (reading) Removed surgically before embryo implantation.  Subject:  Marachuk, John L.   Died during procedure. (looking up) They killed him getting it off.
68) 20) dialog: One of us?
69) 0) text: Hicks' tracker is reading out more rapidly.  They turn into the kitchens, a stainless steel labyrinth. Ripley hangs back.  Then realizes there is nothing behind her but darkness.  She catches up to the group.
70) 4) text: Hicks nods toward a complicated array of food processing equipment.  They move forward, weapons leveled. Ripley shuffles forward in the dark.  Wierzbowski trips over a metal cannister, sending it CLANGING. Ripley half climbs the wall. Hicks' tracker beeps steadily.  The beeps merge. Become a solid tone.  CRASH.  Something moves in the dark, toppling a rack of stockpots. ON VASQUEZ  pivoting smoothly to fire.  In the same instant Hicks' rifle slashes INTO FRAME.  Slams Vasquez' barrel upward.  A STREAM OF TRACER FIRE rips into the ceiling, the rounds SEARING LIKE LIGHTNING.
70) 6) text: Hicks ignores her, moving past and aiming his light under a row of steel cabinets.  He gestures to Ripley, who steps forward.  Trusting his judgment.  She crouches beside him. RIPLEY'S P.O.V.  lit by Hicks' pack-light...a tiny cowering figure.  A very dirty, very terrified NEWT JORDEN.  She clutches a plastic food packet in one hand, its top gnawed partway through.  In the other hand she grips the HEAD OF A LARGE DOLL, holding it by the hair.  Just the head.  Eyes staring.  Newt is pathetically emaciated...fragile-looking as Dresden china, her hair tangled and matted.
70) 7) dialog: (soothingly) Come on out.  It's all right...
70) 8) text: Ripley moves toward her, reaching slowly under the cabinet.  Newt backs away, trembling visibly, her vision fixated like a rabbit blinded by headlights. Ripley's hand almost reaches her. The kid bolts like a shot, scuttling along beneath the cabinetry.  Ripley scrambles to follow...to keep her in sight.  Crabbing frantically sideways.  Hicks makes a grab, catching one tiny ankle.  He snaps his hand out a moment later.
70) 10) text: The girl reaches a ventilation duct set in the baseboard, its grille kicked out.  She scrambles inside, her tiny body barely fitting, wriggling like a fish. In his bulky armor Hicks knows he'll never make it into the tiny duct.  Ripley dives.  She squirms into the duct without thinking.  Just ahead she sees Newt enter a dark space and slam a steel hatch.  Ripley pushes the hatch open before the child can latch it, and crawls in after her. Newt is backed into a cul-de-sac in the tiny steel chamber.  Ripley shines her light around in amazement. It is a NEST.  A nest built by a child.  Wadded up blankets and pillows line the space, mixed up with a haphazard array of TOYS, STUFFED ANIMALS, DOLLS, CHEAP JEWELRY, COMIC BOOKS, EMPTY FOOD PACKETS, even a battery operated TAPE PLAYER.  All foraged from the wrecked colony.  Ripley marvels at the child's incredible adaptability, the ability to functions even in this nightmarish environment. Newt edges along the far wall and dives for the hatch. Ripley grabs her, controlling her in a bear hug.  The kid struggles wildly, like a cat at the vets.  Eyes wide, hands lashing out in a frenzy...but silent.  No scream.
70) 11) dialog: It's okay, it's okay.  It's over... you're going to be all right now... it's okay...you're safe...
70) 12) text: Newt goes limp, almost catatonic. CLOSE ON NEWT'S TRAUMATIZED, VACANT STARE  her lips are white and trembling, her eyes track wildly and she flinches from unseen terrors.  We READ a dark nightmare world in her eyes. Ripley's light falls on something amidst the debris... a FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH of Newt, dressed up and smiling, a ribbon in her hair.  In embossed gold letters underneath it says: FIRST GRADE CITIZENSHIP AWARD
71) 5) text: No response.  Ripley enters, carrying a coffee mug.
71) 7) dialog: (sharply) Gorman!  Give it a rest would you.
71) 13) text: Gorman and the others exit, leaving only Ripley with Newt.  Through the window of the office, out on the main floor of the operations room, we SEE Gorman join Burke and Bishop at a computer terminal. Ripley kneels beside Newt, brushing the girl's unkempt hair out of her eyes in a gentle, maternal fashion.
71) 14) dialog: Here, try this.  A little instant hot chocolate.
71) 16) dialog: (soothing) Poor thing.  You don't talk much do you?  That's okay by me.  Most people do a lot of talking and they wind up not saying very much.
71) 18) dialog: Uh oh.  I made a clean spot here.  Now I've done it.  Guess I'll just have to do the whole thing.
71) 20) dialog: Hard to believe...there's a little girl under all this. And a pretty one at that.
71) 21) text: Newt gazes at her.  Ripley smiles.
73) 0) text: Ripley is washing Newt's tiny hands with a cloth, pink skin emerging from black grime.
73) 1) dialog: I don't know how you managed to stay alive but you're one brave kid, Rebecca.
73) 4) text: Ripley leans closer.  Feels like she's breathing on coals.  The sound was incomprehensible.
73) 5) dialog: What did you say?
73) 7) text: Ripley grins inanely, not wanting to move or speak... or break the spell.
73) 8) dialog: Well, Newt it is then.  My name's Ripley...and people call me Ripley.
73) 9) text: Ripley picks up her tiny limp hand, shaking it formally.
73) 10) dialog: Pleased to meet you.  And who is this?  Does she have a name?
73) 13) dialog: What about me?
73) 16) dialog: Why not?
73) 18) text: Ripley gazes at her, chilled both by the ominous statement and by the situation which could have produced this outlook in a child.
73) 19) dialog: Oh, Newt.  You mom and dad went away like that, didn't they?
73) 21) dialog: (soothingly) They'd be here if they could, honey.  I know they would.
73) 23) dialog: Newt.  Look at me...Newt.  I won't leave you.  I promise.
73) 25) dialog: Cross my heart.
73) 27) text: Ripley smiles grimly at the inadvertently macabre expression.
73) 28) dialog: (quietly) And hope to die.
73) 29) text: And because she's a child, the darkest terrors, even the ones seen and not imagined, can still be banished by a smile and a single promise. Newt's eyes brim as she gazes at Ripley.  Her lower lip starts to tremble, and her face slowly deforms into an abject mask.  She sobs as she clamps her arms around Ripley's neck.  The sobs come in waves as Ripley rocks her, tears of suppresses terror and grief and hurt rolling down her face.  It is a breakthrough. Ripley closes her eyes, hoping that this promise can be kept.
76) 0) text: The troopers sit, more subdued now, swaying and bouncing in the heavily sprung vehicle.  Wierzbowski is in the saddle.  Ripley and Newt sit side by side just aft of the driver's cockpit.
76) 2) dialog: The 'maze'?  You mean the air ducts?
76) 4) dialog: You're really something, ace.
76) 5) text: Ripley's gaze shifts out the windshield as the processing station looms ahead.
78) 0) text: Huddles around the screens are Ripley, Burke and Gorman.  Newt squeezes in from behind.  Gorman is doing his video wizard bit, dancing on the buttons.
80) 0) text: Ripley stares at the scene in dread fascination.
80) 2) dialog: I don't know.
82) 1) dialog: (low) Oh God...
82) 5) dialog: And the colonists...When they were done with them. (turning) Newt, you better go sit up front.  Go on.
84) 0) text: Ripley leans forward suddenly, studying the graphic readout of the STATION GROUND PLAN.
84) 1) dialog: They're right under the primary heat exchangers.
84) 3) dialog: That's not what I mean.  Gorman, if your men have to use their weapons in there, they'll rupture the cooling system.
84) 6) dialog: So...then the fusion containment shuts down.
87) 0) text: Ripley watches the woman, white knuckled.  The sound of RETCHING comes over the general frequency.
89) 2) text: Ripley senses it coming, like a wave at night.  Dark, terrifying and inevitable.
89) 3) dialog: (low) Pull you team out, Gorman.
91) 0) text: Ripley watches Frost's monitor go black.  His bio-readouts flatten.  The other screens show glimpses of shimmering infrared silhouettes of the aliens, the images bobbing and panning confusedly.
93) 0) text: The battle of phantoms unfolds on the video screens. Ripley flinches as another scream comes over the open frequency.  Wierzbowski's monitor breaks up. His life signs plummet.  Voices blend and overlap.
93) 5) dialog: (to Gorman) GET THEM OUT OF THERE!  DO IT NOW!
93) 10) text: Ripley watches it fall apart.
95) 2) dialog: (viciously) They're but off!  Do something!
95) 3) text: But he's gone.  Total brain-lock. TIGHT ON RIPLEY  as she struggles with a decision. She's terrified...of what she knows she's about to do.  But more than that, she's furious.  Shouldering past a paralyzed Gorman she runs up the aisle of the APC.
95) 4) dialog: (in passing) Newt, put your seatbelt on!
95) 5) text: Ripley jumps into the driver's seat of the APC.  Takes a deep breath.  Starts slapping switches.
97) 0) text: Ripley sees smoke pouring out of the complex ahead as she slides sideways onto the descending rampway. She slams the left and right drive-wheel actuators viciously, spinning the machine in a roaring pivot. Gorman lunges forward along the aisle, abandoning his command center.
98) 0) text: The APC roars down into the smoky structure, tearing away outcroppings of alien-encrustation.  Ripley hits the floodlights.  Strobe-beacon.  Siren.  She homes on the flash of weapons fire ahead.
100) 7) text: Ripley jams reverse.  Nails the throttle.  The APC bellows backward up the ramp.  Hudson disappears under a pile of equipment as a storage rack breaks free.  Hicks gets the door almost closed.  Suddenly CLAWS appear at the edge.  Newt screams.  Against the combined efforts of Hicks, Burke and Vasquez the door is being SLOWLY WRENCHED OPEN FROM OUTSIDE. Hicks yells at a paralyzed Gorman.
101) 0) text: The armored vehicle roars backward up the ramp.  Slams into a mass of conduit.  Tears free.  Ripley works the shifters, pivoting the massive machine.  Everybody's shouting, trying to put out the fire.  Pandemonium.
102) 0) text: Something lands on the roof with a metallic clang. Gorman has plastered himself against a wall, as far from the door as possible.  A latch lever behind his head turns.  The small hatch against which he was leaning is ripped away and SOMETHING snatches him out the opening  He disappears to the waist with a shriek, legs kicking.  The alien clings to the roof, pulling him out.  Its tail whips over, scorpionlike, and buries a four inch stinger in Gorman's shoulder. Hicks grabs a joy stick at the FIRE-CONTROL CONSOLE and turns it rapidly.  On the roof the alien looks up as servo-motors whir.  A remote control turret cannon, a 20mm chain-gun, swivels toward it in a curt arc. VOOM.  The creature is blasted off the vehicle's armored back and tumbles away.  Gorman, slumped unconscious, is dragged back inside. The APC rips away a section of catwalk and heads for clear air, its flank trailing fire like a comet. Ripley fights the controls as the big machine slews, broadsiding a control-room out-building.  Office furniture and splintered wall sections are strewn in the APC's wake. Suddenly, an alien arm arcs down, right in front of Ripley's face.  It smashes the windshield.  Glistening, hideous jaws lunge inside... Ripley recoils.  Face to face once again with the same mind-numbing horror.  She reacts instinctively.  Slams both sets of brakes with all her strength.  The huge wheels lock.  The creature flips off, landing in the headlights.  Ripley hits full throttle.  The APC roars forward, smashing over the abomination.  Its skeletal body is crushed under the massive wheels.  It rolls, tumbling...lost in the darkness behind as the machine thunders onto the causeway and away from the station. A sound like bolts dropped in a meat grinder is coming from the APC's rear end.  Hicks eases Ripley's hand back on the throttle lever.  Her grip is white knuckled.
104) 0) text: Ripley, still running on the adrenalin dynamo, spins out of her seat into the aisle.
104) 1) dialog: Newt?  Where's Newt?
104) 3) dialog: You okay?
104) 4) text: Newt gives her a THUMBS-UP, wan but stoic.  Ripley goes back to the others.  Hudson is holding his arm and staring in stunned dismay at nothing, playing it all back in his mind.
104) 8) text: Ripley joins Hicks who is bent over Gorman, checking for a pulse.
104) 15) text: Vasquez releases Gorman.  His head smacks the deck. Ripley opens Gorman's tunic, revealing a bloodless purple puncture wound.
104) 16) dialog: Looks like it stung him.
104) 21) dialog: You can't help them.  Right now they're being cocooned just like the others.
104) 23) text: Ripley and Vasquez lock eyes.  Ripley doesn't want it to be "I told you so" but Vasquez reads it that way.  She turns away with a snap.
107) 3) dialog: (to Vasquez) No good.  How do we know it'll effect their biochemistry?  I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
107) 5) dialog: Why not?
107) 8) dialog: They can bill me.  I got a tab running.  What's second?
107) 10) dialog: Bullshit!
107) 13) text: Ripley faces Burke squarely and she's not pleased.
107) 14) dialog: Look, Burke.  We had an agreement.
107) 17) text: Ripley stares at his like he's a particularly disagreeable fungus.
107) 18) dialog: You son of a bitch.
107) 20) dialog: What rank?  I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here.
107) 22) dialog: This operation is under military jurisdiction and Hicks is next in chain of command.  Right?
107) 31) text: CLACK!  The sound of a rifle bolt snapping home truncates his rant.  Vasquez has a pulse-rifle cradled, not exactly aimed at Burke but not exactly aimed away either.  Her expression is masklike.  End of discussion. Ripley sits behind Newt, putting her arm around her.
107) 32) dialog: We're going home, honey.
111) 1) dialog: Run!
111) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, Newt.
111) 12) text: Ripley follows Newt's look to the AP station looming in the twilight, the burning drop-ship wreckage jammed into its basal structure.
113) 3) dialog: How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue?
113) 6) dialog: She survived longer than that with no weapons and no training.
113) 7) text: Ripley indicates Newt, who salutes Hudson smartly.
113) 8) dialog: So you better just start dealing with it.  Just deal with it, Hudson...because we need you and I'm tired of your bullshit.  Now get on a terminal and call up some kind of floor plan file. Construction blueprints, maintenance schematics, anything that shows the layout of this place.  I want to see air ducts, electrical access tunnels, subbasements.  Every possible way into this wing.
113) 12) dialog: Fine.  You do that.
114) 0) text: Burke, Ripley, Hudson and Hicks are bent over a large HORIZONTAL VIDEOSCREEN, like an illuminated chart table. Newt hops from one foot to the other to see.
114) 1) dialog: This service tunnel is how they're moving back and forth.
114) 4) dialog: All right.  There's a fire door at this end.  The first thing we do is put a remote sentry in the tunnel and seal that door.
114) 6) dialog: That's right.  So we put up welded barricades at these intersections... (pointing) ...and seal these ducts here and here.  Then they can only come at us from these two corridors and we create a free field of fire for the other two sentry units, here.
116) 2) text: He and Ripley are covering an air duct opening with a metal plate, welding it in place, showering sparks in the dark corridor.  Behind them Burke and Newt are moving back and forth with cartons of food on a hand truck, stacking it inside the operations center. Hicks sets down his welder and pulls a small object out of a belt pouch.  A braceletlike EMERGENCY LOCATING BEEPER.
116) 6) text: Ripley pauses for a moment, regarding him quizzically.
116) 7) dialog: (strapping it on) Thanks.
119) 0) text: Ripley carries an exhausted Newt through the inner connecting rooms of the medical wing.  She reaches an OPERATING ROOM which is small but very high-tech ...vaultlike metal walls, strange equipment. Several metal cots have been set up, displacing O.R. equipment which is pushed into one corner. Newt is resting her head on Ripley's shoulder, barely awake...out of steam.  Ripley sets her on one of the cots and Newt lies down.
119) 1) dialog: Now you just lie here and have a nap.  You're exhausted.
119) 3) text: This obviously strikes a chord with Ripley, but she feigns cheerfulness.
119) 4) dialog: I'll bet Casey doesn't have bad dreams.
119) 5) text: Ripley lifts the doll's head from Newt's tiny fingers and looks inside.  It is, of course, empty.
119) 6) dialog: Nothing bad in here.  Maybe you could just try to be like her.
119) 7) text: Ripley closes the doll's eyes and hands her back. Newt rolls her eyes as if to say "don't pull that five-year-old shit on me, lady.  I'm six."
119) 9) dialog: Oh.  Sorry, Newt.
119) 11) text: Ripley's expression becomes sober.  She brushes damp hair back from the child's pale forehead.
119) 12) dialog: (quietly) Yes, there are, aren't there.
119) 15) dialog: Well, some kids can't handle it like you can.
119) 17) text: Ripley begins pulling blankets up an tucking them in around her tiny body.
119) 18) dialog: I don't know, Newt.  That's the truth.
119) 20) dialog: No, it's different, honey.
119) 22) dialog: Yes.  A little girl.
119) 24) dialog: (quietly) Gone.
119) 26) text: It's more statement than question.  Ripley nods slowly. She turns, reaching for a PORTABLE SPACE HEATER sitting nearby, and slides it closer to the bed.  She switches it on.  It HUMS and emits a cozy orange glow.
119) 28) text: Ripley gazes at her a long time before answering... a conflict between the urge to crush the child to her in a forever hug and the knowledge that neither of them may see another dawn.
119) 29) dialog: I think it's not the worst idea I've heard all day.  Let's talk about it later.
119) 32) dialog: I'll be right in the other room, Newt.  And look...I can see you on that camera right up there.
119) 33) text: Newt looks at the VIDEO SECURITY CAMERA above the door. Ripley unsnaps the TRACKER BRACELET given to her by Hicks and puts it on Newt's tiny wrist, cinching it down.
119) 34) dialog: Here.  Take is for luck.  Now go to sleep...and don't dream.
119) 35) text: Ripley walks away and Newt rolls on her side, hugging Casey and gazing at the hypnotically pulsing function light on the bracelet.  The space heater hums comfortingly.
120) 1) dialog: (voice over) How is he?
120) 2) text: Ripley stands over the Lieutenant, who is lying motionless on an examining table.  Bishop looks up from his instruments nearby, the light of a single gooseneck lamp giving his features a macabre cast.
120) 4) dialog: Now let me get this straight. The aliens paralyzed the colonists, carried them over there, cocooned them to be hosts for more of those...
120) 5) text: Ripley points at the stasis cylinders containing the face-hugger specimens.
120) 6) dialog: Which would mean lots of those parasites, right?  One for each person...over a hundred at least.
120) 8) dialog: But these things come from eggs...so where are all the eggs coming from.
120) 10) dialog: You're saying one of those things lays all the eggs?
120) 12) dialog: Could it be intelligent?
120) 14) text: Ripley ponders the ramifications of Bishop's analysis.
120) 15) dialog: (rising) I want those specimens destroyed as soon as you're done with them. You understand?
120) 18) text: Ripley feels the fabric of her self-restraint tearing. She slaps the intercom switch.
120) 19) dialog: Burke!
121) 0) text: In a small observation chamber separated from the med lab by a glass partition, Ripley and Burke have squared off.
121) 2) dialog: You just try getting a dangerous organism past ICC quarantine. Section 22350 of the Commerce Code.
121) 4) dialog: But they will know about it, Burke. From me.  Just like they'll know how you were responsible for the deaths of one hundred and fifty-seven colonists here --
121) 6) dialog: (stepping on him) You sent them to that ship.  I just checked the colony log... directive dates six-twelve-seventy-nine. Signed Burke, Carter J.
121) 7) text: Ripley's fury is peaking, now that the frustration and rage finally have a target to focus on.
121) 8) dialog: You sent them out there and you didn't even warn them, Burke. Why didn't you warn them?
121) 12) text: Ripley snaps.  She slams him against the wall, surprising herself and him, her hands gripping his collar.
121) 13) dialog: Bad call?  These people are fucking dead, Burke!  Well, they're going to nail your hide to the shed... and I'll be there when they do.
121) 16) dialog: Sorry to disappoint you.
122) 0) text: Ripley is walking toward operations when a STRIDENT ALARM begins to sound.  She breaks into a run.
123) 0) text: Ripley double-times it to Hicks' TACTICAL CONSOLE where Hudson and Vasquez have already gathered.  Hicks slaps a switch, killing the alarm.
125) 3) dialog: They're at the fire door.
126) 2) dialog: How long until it blows?
126) 6) dialog: And it's too late to shut it down?
126) 11) dialog: (to Hicks) We need the other drop-ship.  The on one the Sulaco.  We have to bring it down on remote, somehow.
126) 13) dialog: (pacing) I don't care how!  Think of a way.  Think of something.
126) 15) dialog: What about the colony transmitter? That up-link tower down at the other end.  Why can't we use that?
126) 17) text: Ripley is wound up like a dynamo, her mind spinning out options, grim solutions.
126) 18) dialog: Well then somebody's just going to have to go out there.  Take a portable terminal and go out there and plug in manually.
126) 21) dialog: What?
126) 23) dialog: All right.  Let's get on it.  What'll you need?
127) 0) text: One of the acid holes from the colonists' siege has yielded access to subfloor conduits.  Bishop lying in the opening, reaches up to graph the portable terminal as Ripley hands it down to him.  He pushes it into the constricted shaft ahead of him.  She then hands him a small satchel containing tools and assorted patch cables, a service pistol and a small cutting torch.
127) 2) text: Ripley looks at her watch.
127) 3) dialog: It's going to be closer.  You better get going.
129) 0) text: Ripley jumps as an ALARM suddenly blares through the complex.
129) 2) dialog: (into mike) On my way.
129) 3) text: Ripley jumps up, unslinging a FLAMETHROWER from her shoulder in one motion, and sprints for Operations with Vasquez.  The sound of SENTRY GUNS opening up in staccato bursts echoes from close by.
130) 0) text: Ripley runs to the tactical console where Hicks is mesmerized by the images from the surveillance cameras. The flashes of the sentry guns flare out the sensitive video, but impressions of figures moving in the smoky corridor are occasionally visible.  The robot sentries hammer away, driving streamers of tracer fire into the swirling mist.
130) 3) dialog: Now many?
130) 6) dialog: They retreated.  The guns stopped them.
130) 11) dialog: But they don't know that.  They're probably looking for other ways to get in.  That'll take them awhile.
130) 14) text: The two troopers nod and head for the corridor.  Ripley sighs and picks up a cup of cold coffee, draining it in one gulp.
130) 16) text: Ripley shrugs.  She seems soul weary, drained by the nerve-wracking tension.  When she answers, her voice seems distant, detached.
130) 17) dialog: (grimly) They'll get us.
130) 19) dialog: Hicks, I'm not going to wind up like those others.  You'll take care of it won't you, it if comes to that?
130) 23) text: Ripley hefts the weapon.  It is heavy and awkward.  But there is an irrational promise of security in its lethal cold steel lines, to at least the sense that she will be in some greater measure the master of her own fate. She raises it clumsily.
130) 24) dialog: What do I do?
132) 0) text: Ripley has the stock of the M-41A snugged up to her cheek and is awkwardly trying to keep up with Hicks' instructions.  The Corporal is standing close behind her, positioning her arms.  It's intimate but that's the last thing on their minds.
132) 6) text: Ripley repeats the action, not very smoothly.  Her hands are trembling.  She indicates a stout TUBE underneath the slender pulse-rifle barrel.
132) 7) dialog: What's this?
132) 9) dialog: Look, you started this.  Now show me everything.  I can handle myself.
133) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH Ripley walking down the corridor, now carrying the newfound friend, the M-41A.  Gorman steps out of the door to the med lab, looking weak but sound. Burke is right behind him.
133) 1) dialog: How do you feel?
133) 3) dialog: Forget it.
134) 0) text: Ripley crosses the deserted lab, passing through the annex to the small O.R. where she left Newt.
135) 0) text: Entering the darkened chamber, Ripley looks around. Newt is nowhere to be seen.  On a hunch she kneels down and peers under the bed.  Newt is curled up there, jammed as far back as she can get, fast asleep.  Still clutching "Casey." Ripley stares at Newt's tiny face, so angelic despite the demons that have chased her through her dreams and the reality between dreams.  Ripley lays the rifle on top of the cot and crawls carefully underneath.  Without waking the little girl, she slips her arms around her. Ripley becomes merely the larger of two children huddling together in the darkness under their bed. Newt's face contorts with the externalization of some tormented dreamscape.  She cries out, a vague inarticulat plea.  Ripley rocks her gently.
135) 1) dialog: There, there.  Sssshh.  It's all right.
137) 0) text: as she awakens with a start.  She checks her watch... an hour has passed.  She gently disengages herself from Newt and is about to crawl out from beneath the cot when she sees something and FREEZES. Across the room, just inside the door to the med lab, are two innocuous but nonetheless chilling objects. TWO STASIS CYLINDERS.  Their tops are hinged open, and the suspension fields are switched off.  They are both EMPTY.  Ripley feels a slow upwelling wave of terror rise through her in that silent frozen moment...the inescapable certainty of a lethal presence.  Unable to move or breathe, she looks around frantically, assessing the situation.
137) 1) dialog: (whispers) Newt.  Newt, wake up.
137) 3) dialog: (whispers) Sssh.  Don't move.  We're in trouble.
137) 4) text: Newt nods, now wide awake.  They listen in the darkness for the slightest betrayal of movement.  The scrabble of multiple legs across the polished floor, for example. There is only the droning HUM of the little space heater. Ripley reaches up and, clutching the springs of the underside of the cot, begins to inch it away from the wall. The SQUEAL OF METAL as the legs scrape across the floor is jarringly loud in the stillness. When the space is wide enough she cautiously slides herself up between the wall and the edge of the cot, reaching for the rifle she left lying on top of the mattress.  Here yes clear the edge of the bed.  The rifle is GONE. She snaps her head around.  A SCUTTLING SHAPE LEAPS TOWARD HER from the foot of the bed!  She ducks with a startled cry.  The obscene thing hits the wall above her, legs moving lightning fast.  Reflexively she slams the bed against the wall, pinning the creature inches above her face.  Its legs and tail writhe with incredible ferocity and it emits a demented, piercing SQUEAL. Ripley heaves Newt across the polished floor and in a frenzied scramble rolls from beneath the cot.  She flips it over, trapping the creature underneath. They back away, gasping.  Ripley's eyes flash around the shadowed room where every corner of space between equipment holds lethal promise.  The creature scuttles from beneath the bed and disappears under a back of cabinets in a blur.  Ripley hugs Newt close and heads toward the door, moving as if every object in the room had a million volts running through it.  She reaches the door.  Hits the wall switch.  Nothing happens.  Disabled from outside.  She tries the lights. Nothing.  She pounds on the door.  The acoustically dampened door panel thunks dully.  She moves to the observation window, glancing frantically over her shoulder.  The bare floor behind her is like a screaming threat.
137) 5) dialog: (shouting) Hey...hey!
137) 6) text: She pounds on the window.  Through the double thickness window we can SEE that the lab is dark and empty.  Ripley whirls, hearing a loathsome scrabbling behind her.  Newt starts to whimper, feeding off her fear.  She steps in front of the video surveillance camera and waves her arms in a circle.
137) 7) dialog: Hicks!  Hicks!
138) 0) text: showing Ripley waving her arms.  There is no sound, a surreal pantomime. A hand ENTERS FRAME and switches off the monitor. Ripley's image vanishes. WIDER ANGLE  as Burke straightens casually from the console.  Hicks is talking via headset with Bishop and hasn't noticed Ripley's plight or Burke's action.
139) 0) text: Ripley picks up a steel chair and slams it against the observation window.  It bounces back from the high-impact material.  She tries again. REVERSE ANGLE  from the med lab side, showing her futile efforts, the chair hitting with a dull THWACK barely audible through the double thickness pressure port. Ripley turns, studying the room.  She fumbles through a clutter of equipment on a counter next to her and finds a SMALL EXAMINATION LIGHT.  Snapping it on she plays the beam over the walls.  Tall assemblies of surgical and anaethesiology equipment loom in the dark.  She hears, ot thinks she hears, movements.  The light spins across the room, swiveling and bobbing frantically.  Like an indicator of her growing panic. Newt starts a thin, high wailing.
139) 2) text: Ripley steadies herself, realizing Newt's terror and the child's dependence on her.  She plays the beam across the ceiling.  Holds on something.  Gets an idea. She removes her lighter from a jacket pocket and picks up some papers from the counter.  Moving cautiously she boosts Newt up onto the SURGICAL TABLE in the center of the room and clambers up after her.
139) 4) dialog: I know, honey.  Me too.
139) 5) text: Ripley lights the papers and holds the flaming mass under the temperature sensor of a fire control system SPRINKLER HEAD.  It triggers, spraying the room from several sources with water.  An ALARM sounds throughout the complex.
141) 0) text: Ripley and Newt are drenched as the sprinklers continue to drizzle in the darkness.  The SIREN hoots maniacally, masking all other sound.  Ripley scans the room with her light, her hair plastered to her face, wiping water out of her eyes.  She is eye level with a complex surgical MULTILIGHT.  She looks into its tangle of arms and cables, inches away. Looks away.  Her eyes snap back.  SOMETHING LEAPS AT HER FACE.  She SCREAMS and topples off the table, splashing to the floor.  Newt shrieks and scrambles away as Ripley hurls the CHITTERING creature off of her.  It slams against a wall of cabinets, clings for a moment, then leaps back as if driven by a steel spring.  Ripley scrambles desperately, pulling equipment over on top of herself, clawing across the floor in a frenzy of motion.  In a blurr of multijointed legs the creature scuttles up her body. She tears at it, but it is incredibly powerful for its size.  It moves like lightning toward her head, avoiding her fumbling hands.  Newt screams abjectly, backing away, until she is pressed up against a desk in one corner. Ripley has both hands up, forcing the pulsing body back from her face.  The thing's tail whips around her throat and begins to tighten, forcing the underside of its body close to her.  Ripley thrashes about, knocking over equipment, sending instruments CLATTERING. Water streams over her, into her eyes, blinding her and making it impossible to get a grip on the creature's body. ANGLE ON NEWT  as crablike legs appear from behind the desk, right behind her.  She sees it and, thinking fast, jams the desk against the wall, pinning the writhing thing.  The desk jumps and shudders against all the pressure her tiny body can bring to bear on it. She wails between gritted teeth as the second creature gets one leg free, then another and another.  Squeezing itself inexorably onto the desk top...toward her. The legs of the chittering thing claw at Ripley's head, getting a surer grip even as she whips her head from side to side.  The obscene TUBULE extrudes wetly from the sheath on the creature's underside, forcing itself between the arms she has crossed tightly over her face. A figure appears at the observation window, a silhouette behind the misted-over glass.  A hand wipes a clear spot. Hick's eyes appear.  He steps back.  WHAM!  A burst of pulse-rifle fire shatters the tempered glass.  Hicks dives into the crazed spider web pattern and explodes into the room in a shower of fragments.  He hits rolling, his armor grinding through the shards, and slides across to Ripley.  He gets his fingers around the thrashing legs of the vicious beast and pulls.  Between the two of them they force is away from her face, though Ripley is losing strength as the tail tightens sickeningly around her throat.  Hudson leaps into the room, flings Newt away from the desk to go skidding across the wet floor, and blasts the second creature against the wall.  Point-blank.  Acid and smoke. Gorman appears at Ripley's side and grabs the tail, unwinding its writhing length like a boa constrictor coil from her throat.  All of them grip the struggling, SHRIEKING creature.
141) 3) text: Hicks hurls the thing into the corner.  It scrabbles upright in an instant and leaps back toward them. WHAM!  Hudson gets it clean. Ripley collapses, gagging.  The alarm and sprinklers shut off automatically.  Hicks sees the stasis cylinders.
141) 4) dialog: (coughing) Burke...it was Burke.
142) 4) text: Ripley stands in front of Burke, every fiber of her being accusing him with absolute outrage.  Burke tries to break Ripley's stare, which is like a diamond drill.  He can't.
142) 5) dialog: He wanted an alien, only he couldn't get it back through quarantine.  But if we were impregnated ...whatever you call it...and then frozen for the trip back at just the right time...then nobody would know about the embryos we were carrying. We and Newt.
142) 6) text: Ripley glances at the little girl, a frail figure sitting nearby, hugging her knees and watching the proceedings with somber eyes.  She is all but lost in an adult jacket someone has found for her, and her still damp hair is plastered to her forehead and cheeks.
142) 8) dialog: The only way it would work is if he sabotaged certain freezers on the trip back.  Then he could jettison the bodies and make up any story he liked.
142) 11) dialog: (wearily) You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse.  You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
142) 13) text: Ripley shakes her head, the rage giving way to a sickened emptiness.
142) 14) dialog: Just find someplace to lock him up until it's time to --
142) 16) dialog: They cut the power.
142) 18) text: Ripley picks up her rifle and thumbs off the safety.
142) 19) dialog: Newt!  Stay close. (to the others) Let's get some trackers going. Come on, get moving.  Gorman, watch Burke.
143) 1) dialog: (voice over) Anything?
143) 8) dialog: Hudson, stay cool.  Vasquez?
144) 0) text: Ripley and Hicks share a look..."here we go."
144) 2) dialog: Get back here, both of you.  Fall back to Operations.
145) 2) dialog: (voice over) Just get back here!
146) 0) text: Hudson joins Ripley and Hicks, who are laying out their armament.  Flamethrowers.  Grenades.  M-41A magazines. Hudson's tracker beeps.  Then again.  The tone continues through the SCENE, its rhythm increasing.
146) 4) dialog: (to Vasquez) Seal the door.
146) 8) text: He hands one flamethrower to RIpley and begins priming the other himself.  It lights with a muffled POP. Ripley's lights a moment later.  Sparks shower around Vasquez as she begins welding the door.  Hudson's tracker is beeping like mad now, as fast as their hearts.
146) 9) dialog: They learned.  They cut the power and avoided the guns.  They must have found another way in, something we missed.
146) 12) dialog: I don't know, an acid hole in a duct.  Something under the floors, not on the plans. I don't know!
146) 15) dialog: They're right on us.  Vasquez, how you doing?
146) 18) dialog: Can't be.  That's inside the room!
146) 20) text: Ripley fiddles with her tracker, adjusting the tuning.
146) 23) text: He looks at Ripley.  It dawns on both of them at the same time.  She feels a cold premonitory dread as she angles her tracker upward to the ceiling, almost overhead.  The tone gets louder. Hicks climbs onto a file cabinet and raises a panel of acoustic drop-ceiling.  He shines his light inside.
146) 26) dialog: Medical!  Get to medical!
147) 0) text: DOLLYING BEHIND HER as she sprints, the walls becoming a frenzied blur.  Ahead of her Burke clears the door to the med lab.  HE SLIDES IT CLOSED.  Ripley slams into the door.  Tries the latch.  Hears it LOCK from the far side.
147) 1) dialog: Burke!  Open the door!
147) 3) text: Behind her an alien is moving down the corridor like a locomotive, a graceful skeleton shape as lethal and inhuman as you can imagine.  Strobe flashes backlight the demented silhouette.  Shaking, Ripley raises her rifle.  She squeezes the trigger.  NOTHING HAPPENS. The creature HISSES, baring its teeth as it advances. Ripley checks the SAFETY.  The safety is off.  The DIGITAL COUNTER.  The magazine is full.  Newt begins to wail.  Ripley's hands, slick with sweat, are trembling so much she almost drops the rifle.  Panic screams in her brain.  The thing is almost on her, filling the corridor, when she remembers.  She snaps the bolt back, chambering a round.  Whips the stock to her shoulder. FIRES.  FLASH-CRACK!  A FLASHBULB GLIMPSE OF shrieking jaws as the silhouette is hurled back, screeching insanely. Ripley is slammed against the door by the recoil, blinded by the flash and deafened by the concussion.
149) 0) text: Stunned, Ripley sees through dissipating smoke the creature rising to advance again.  Flinching against blast and glare she drills it POINT-BLANK with a BLINDING BURST that carries the M-41A's muzzle right up toward the ceiling.  Newt covers her ears against the CONCUSSION.
149) 3) dialog: (indicating door) Locked.
150) 0) text: Vasquez slides the door almost closed, then fires three grenades rapid-fire through the gap.  She slams the door home as the grenades detonate, the explosion sounding gonglike through the metal. Ripley sprints across the room, trying the far door. Burke has locked it as well.  Hicks switches his hand-torch from CUT to WELD and starts sealing the door they just passed through.
152) 0) text: The door dimples with a clanging impact, separating slightly from its frame.  Another crash, the squeal of tortured steel.  Newt grabs Ripley by the hand and tugs her across the room.
152) 2) text: She leads Ripley to an air vent set low in the wall and expertly unlatches the grille, swinging it open.  Newt starts inside but Ripley pulls her back.
152) 3) dialog: Stay behind me.
152) 4) text: Ripley trades her rifle for Gorman's flamethrower before he can protest and enters the air shaft, which is a tight fit.  Newt scrambles in behind, followed by Hicks, Gorman and Vasquez on rearguard.  Glancing back fearfully Newt pushes on Ripley's butt as they crawl rapidly through the shaft.
152) 6) dialog: DO you know how to get to the landing field from here?
152) 8) text: Ripley turns into a larger MAIN DUCT where there is enough room to crab-walk in a low crouch.  She runs, scraping her back on the ceiling.  The troopers' armor clatters in the confined space.  They approach an intersection.  She fires the flamethrower around the corner, the looks.  Clear.
152) 10) text: They sprint into the narrow connecting duct, the maze becoming a blur.  Ripley fires the flamethrower periodically, as they pass side ducts covered by louvered grilles or vertical shafts going to higher or lower levels.
154) 2) text: The beam of Ripley's light wavers hypnotically in the tunnel ahead.  She blinks, seeing something...not sure. A GLINTING OBSCENE FORM MOVING TOWARD THEM, filling the tunnel at the absolute limit of the light's power.
154) 3) dialog: Back.  Go back!
154) 6) text: Between eye-searing bursts of flame Ripley sees the glistening apparitions closing in.  Hicks' torch feathers out.  Empty.  Bracing his back he kicks hard at the cherry-hot metal.  It bends aside. Beyond is a narrow SERVICE WAY, lined with pipes and conduit.  Hicks slides through the searing hole, lifting Newt safely through as Ripley hands her out. Ripley follows and turns to help Gorman.  Vasquez' flamethrower goes dry.  She draws her SERVICE PISTOL. Suddenly she looks up as a WARRIOR SCREECHES DOWN FROM A VERTICAL SHAFT, right above her. She fires with incredible rapidity...BAM!  BAM!  BAM! Rolls aside.  It lands on her legs and she snaps her head to one side just as its TAIL STINGER buries into the metal wall beside her cheek.  She fires again, emptying the pistol, kicking the thrashing shape away. Acid cuts through her chickenplate armor, searing into her thigh.  She cries out, gritting her teeth against the white-hot pain.  Gorman sees Vasquez hit, unable to move.  Sees the creatures coming the other way...and turns away from the escape hole.  He crawls back to her, grabs her battle harness and starts dragging her towards safety.  Too late.  The approaching alien warriors have reached and passed the opening.  Vasquez sees him, barely conscious.
155) 0) text: RUSHING WITH Ripley, Newt and Hicks as a full tilt run. The service way lights up with a POWERFUL BLAST behind them and they stumble with the shock wave.  Newt breaks out ahead and it's all Ripley and Hicks can do to keep up.
155) 2) dialog: Newt, wait!
156) 0) text: Ripley looks up the angles shaft, seeing light at the top...an exterior vent hood.  The sound of wind booms down from above.  Like blowing across a bottle top vastly amplified. Ripley enters, bracing her feet on perilously narrow side ribs in the shaft.  She looks down.  The chute descends far into the depths, lost in shadow.  She starts to climb with Next behind/below her, and Hicks, just emerging from the side duct.
156) 2) text: Newt slips, a rusted rib collapsing under her foot.  She slides...catches herself with one hand.  Ripley reaches for her, dropping her light.  The hand-light goes skittering and bumping down the chute, around a bend, and disappears. Ripley strains, reaching, her hand groping for Newt's. They miss, inches apart.
156) 4) text: She slips.  Hicks lunges, grabbing her oversized jacket. AND SHE SLIPS OUT OF IT.  With an echoing scream Newt plummets, sliding down the chute into darkness. MOVING WITH HER, the walls racing by in a dizzy blur like a bobsled ride.  THe shaft pitches left.  Newt bounces, sliding halfway up the wall.  The chute forks ahead. Newt tumbles into the right shaft, which drops at a steeper angle into the depths.  Just disappearing down the LEFT SHAFT we SEE Ripley's light. Ripley looks Hicks in the eye.  And kicks free...sliding down the chute after Newt.  Ripley slams her feet into the side-ribs, bracing herself in a controlled descent. Ripley reaches the "V."  Sees the glow of the light in the left fork.  She goes left.
156) 5) dialog: Newt!
156) 8) text: Ripley reaches the bottom of the chute where it intersects with a HORIZONTAL SERVICE TUNNEL.  The light is lying there, but no Newt.  The echoing wail comes again.
156) 10) text: Ripley starts down the tunnel, answering.  Newt's call comes again.  Fainter?  She can't tell.  She spins in a growing panic, starts the other way.
156) 11) dialog: (to her headset) Hicks, get down here.  I need that locator.
157) 0) text: Newt is in a low grottolike chamber, filled with pipes and machines.  It is flooded, almost up to Newt's waist. She looks up, seeing light streaming through a grating. Ripley's voice seems to come from there.
157) 1) dialog: (o.s.) Newt!  Star wherever you are!
158) 0) text: Hicks joins Ripley, unsnapping the emergency-locator from his belt.  They follow the signal into a lighted area where the power apparently was not cut.
158) 4) text: Ripley runs to the grating.  Looking down she sees Newt's tearstreaked face.  Newt reaches up.  Her tiny fingers wriggle up through the bars of the grate.  Ripley squeezes the child's precious fingertips.
158) 5) dialog: Climb down, honey.  We have to cut through this grate.
160) 0) text: Ripley panics, hearing screaming below, then splashing. She and Hicks kick desperately at the grating, smashing it down.  Heedless of the cherry-hot edges Ripley lunges into the hole with her light.
160) 1) dialog: Newt!  Newt!
160) 2) text: The surface of the water reflects the beam placidly. Newt is gone.  Bobbing in the water, eyes staring, is "Casey" the doll head.  In sinks slowly, distorting, vanishing in darkness. Hicks pulls Ripley away from the hole.  She struggles furiously, trying to tear out of his grip.
160) 3) dialog: No!  Noooo!
160) 6) text: He sees something moving toward them through a lattice of pipes.  Ripley is irrational.  Hysterical.
160) 7) dialog: No!  No!  She's alive!  We have to --
160) 9) text: He drags her toward an ELEVATOR not far away at the end of the tunnel.  Gets her inside, slamming her against the back wall.  Hits the button to go to surface level. An alien warrior leaps into the tunnel, starts toward them.  The doors are closing.  Not fast enough. The creature gets one arm through, the doors closing on it.  THEY OPEN AGAIN, an automatic safety feature.  THE WARRIOR HISSES, LUNGING.  Hicks FIRES, POINT-BLANK.  It spins away, SCREECHING.  Acid sluices between the closing doors, across Hicks' armored chest plate, as he shields Ripley with his body.  The lift starts upward.  Hicks' fingers race with the clasps as the stuff eats its way toward his skin.  Galvanized out of her hysteria, Ripley claws at his armor, helping him as much as she can.  He screams as the acid contacts his chest and arm.  He shucks out of the combat armor like a madman, dropping the smoking pieces to the floor.  Acrid fumes fill the air, searing eyes and lungs.  The elevator stops.  The doors part and they stumble out, Ripley supporting Hicks who is doubled over in agony.
160) 10) dialog: Come on, you can make it. Almost there.
161) 0) text: Drop-ship two descends toward the landing grid, side-slipping in hurricane gusts.  Bishop stands, guiding it with the portable terminal.  The ship sets down hard. Slides sideways.  Stops.  Bishop turns as Ripley and Hicks stumble out of a doorway in the colony building behind him.  He goes to them, helping to support Hicks and they run toward the ship, buffeted by the gale. Ripley shouts, her words barely audible over the wind.
161) 1) dialog: HOW MUCH TIME?
161) 3) dialog: WE'RE NOT LEAVING!
163) 0) text: Ripley finishes winding tape around a bulky object and drops the roll.  She has crudely fastened a M-41A assault rifle together, side by side, with a flamethrower A massive, unwieldy package of absolute firepower.  Her movements are curt, precise...determined.  She works rapidly, snatching magazines, grenades, belts and other gear from the fully stocked ordnance racks of the drop-ship. Bishop comes aft from the pilot's compartment to help Hicks dress his injuries.  Hicks is sprawled in a flight seat, the contents of a FIELD MEDICAL KEY strewn around him.  He's out of the game...contorted with pain.
163) 2) dialog: She's alive.  They brought her here and you know it.
163) 4) text: Ripley is stuffing gear rapidly into a satchel, her hands flying.
163) 5) dialog: Hicks, don't let him leave.
163) 8) dialog: See you, Hicks.
163) 11) text: Ripley grabs his hand.  They share a moment, albeit brief.  Mutual respect in the valley of death.
163) 12) dialog: Ellen.
163) 14) text: Ripley runs down the ramp, crossing the platform to the open doors of a LARGE FREIGHT ELEVATOR.  The doors close.
164) 0) text: The elevator descends.  Bars of light move rhythmically across her as Ripley stands facing the doors, watching the landings go by.  The heat grows more intense.  Pipes glowing cherry-red pass by.  Steam hisses and billows. The lift clatters in a steady beat.  Hypnotic. Ripley removes her jacket and dons a battle harness directly over her T-shirt.  Her hair is matted, and she glistens with sweat.  Her eyes burn with a determination that holds the gut-panic in check. The elevator descends.  She checks her weapon.  Attaches a BANDOLIER OF GRENADES to her harness.  Primes the flamethrower.  Checks the rifle's magazine.  Racks the bolt, chambering the first round.  She checks the MARKING FLARES jammed in the thigh pockets of her jump pants.  She drops an unprimed grenade, trembling, forcing herself to be strong.  We SEE she doesn't know doodley about grenades. This is the most terrifying thing she has ever done.  She begins to hyperventilate, soaking with sweat.  Her finger slick and slippery on the rifle.  The elevator descends. The lift motors whine, slowing.  It hits bottom with a bump.  The safety cage retracts.  Slowly, expectantly, the doors open. HER P.O.V.  THROUGH the parting doors...an empty corridor.  Dark, swirling with steam, a ruddy glow VISIBLE here and there.  It seems to have been a descent into Dantean Hell.  The air itself vibrates with heat distortion.  Couplings groan.  Machinery whines and throbs.  Like the beating of a vast heart the pounding of massive pumps echoes through the station.
165) 0) text: Ripley moves out of the lift, knuckles white on the rifle.  Her eyes dart, straining to penetrate the lethal gloom.  Behind her we SEE a SECOND ELEVATOR next to hers, its lift cage somewhere on a higher floor.  Ahead the corridor is encrusted with the alien excressence and not far down the bio-mechanoid catacomb begins. She enters the maze, darting glances at Hick's LOCATOR, taped to the top of her kludge weapon. A VOICE echoes down the tunnels, calm and mechanical.
166) 0) text: Range and direction read out in rapid-fire alpha-numerics on the locator display. Ripley blinks sweat out of her eyes, moving through the swirling steam of the alien maze.  She approaches an intersecting tunnel.  Flashing emergency lights illuminate the insane fresco of the walls.  She spins, firing the flamethrower.  Nothing there.  She whirls back.  Moves forward, trembling and adrenalized. Skeletal figures drown in the walls, frozen in macabre tormented positions like human insects in amber. Steam blasts, blinding her.  The locator signal strengthens an she turns, crouches through a low passage, turns again.  At each intersection she quickly lights a FIFTEEN-MINUTE MARKING FLARE and drops it. For the way back.  She has to turn sideways, inching through a fissure between two walls of death...cocoon niches, human bas-relief sealed in resin. SUDDENLY SOMETHING SHOOTS OUT, GRABBING HER!  A hand. She recovers , then recognizes the face sealed in the wall.  Carter Burke.
166) 3) dialog: Here.
166) 6) text: Ripley moves ahead.  The locator signals shows she is almost there.  A CONCUSSION rocks the place, like an earthquake, jarring her almost off her feet.  Then another.  The whole station seems to shudder.  A SIREN begins to wail a demented rhythm.  Following the tracker she turns a corner and stops.  The RANGE INDICATOR READS ZERO.  She looks down, horrified to see Newt's tracer bracelet lying on the floor of the tunnel.  All hope recedes, disintegrating into mindless chaos.
168) 0) text: Ripley hears the scream and breaks into a run.
169) 0) text: Newt watches the face-hugger emerge and turn toward her.  Ripley runs in just as it is tensing to leap, and FIRES, blasting it with a burst from the assault rifle.  The flash illuminates the figure of an adult warrior, nearby.  It spins, moving straight for Ripley.  Firing from the hip she drills it with two controlled bursts which catapult it back.  She steps toward it, FIRING AGAIN.  Her expression is murderous.  AND AGAIN.  It spins onto its back. She unleashes the flamethrower and it vanishes in a fireball.  Ripley runs to Newt and begins tearing at the fresh resinous cocoon material, freeing the child.  She swings her up onto her back.
169) 2) dialog: Newt, I want you to hang on, now.  Hang on tight.
169) 3) text: Groggily Newt hooks her arms and legs through the belts of Ripley's battle harness as Ripley picks up her weapon.  More warriors are moving toward her among the eggs.  She fires the flamethrower.  The eggs are engulfed.  One of the warriors lunges forward, a living fireball.  She blasts it in half with two bursts from the M-41A.  Ripley retreats, ducking under a glistening cylindrical mass.  A PIERCING SHRIEK fill the chamber.  She turns.  And there it is. A massive silhouette in the mist, the ALIEN QUEEN glowers over her eggs like a great, glistening black insect-Buddha.  What's bigger and meaner than the Alien?  His momma.  Her fanged head is an unimaginable horror.  Her six limbs, the four arms and two powerful legs, are folded grotesquely over her distended abdomen.  The egg-filled abdomen swells and swells into a great pulsing tubular sac, suspended from a lattice of pipes and conduits by a weblike membrane as if some vast coil of intestine were draped carelessly among the machinery.  Ripley realizes she ducked under part of it a moment before.  Inside the abdominal sac can be SEEN the forms of countless eggs, churning their way toward the pulsating ovipositor where they emerge glistening, to be picked up by DRONES.  The drones are tiny scuttling albino versions of the "warrior" aliens we have already seen. Ripley pumps the slide on her grenade launcher.  She fires.  Pumps and fires again.  Four times.  The grenades punch deep into the egg sac and EXPLODE, ripping it open from within.  Eggs are tons of gelatinous matter pour across the chamber floor.  The Queen goes berserk, SCREECHING like some psychotic steam whistle. Ripley lays about her with the flamethrower, igniting everything in sight with an insane fury.  Eggs shrivel in the inferno, and figures of warriors and drones vanish in frenzied thrashing.  Over all is the Queen's shrieking as she struggles in the flames.  Two warriors emerge from the boiling smoke, closing on her.  She pulls the trigger...an empty click.  DIGITAL COUNTER flashing crimson zeroes.  She drops the magazine, grabs another from her belt, rams it home and OPENS UP. The creatures vanish in rapid-fire flashes.  Ripley backs away, venting her terror in a sustained orgy of fire as she blasts everything that moves in one long eye-searing expenditure of energy.  Then she dashes into the catacombs, navigating by sheer primal instinct.
170) 0) text: Ripley runs, blindly, with panting intensity verging on hysteria.  Impressions crash upon her...the maze blurring by, sirens howling, the station rocking with explosions, emergency lights flashing, steam blasting, red-hot steel hissing.  Reality itself is reduced to a concussive series of strobelike instants of relentless forward motion. She sees one of the flares she dropped and turns. Sees another, sprinting toward it as the foundations of the world shake.
172) 0) text: Ripley uses the flamethrower ahead of her, firing bursts of pulse-rifle fire down side corridors at indistinct shapes and shadows.  The weapon is empty when she reaches the freight elevators.  A mass of debris, falling down the shaft from a higher level, has demolished the life cage she descended in.  She slams the control for the other cage and hears the sound of the LIFT MOTOR'S WHINE as it begins its slow descent from several levels up.  AN ENRAGED SCREECH ECHOES in the corridor.  Ripley sees a silhouette moving in the smoke...a glistening black shape which FILLS THE CORRIDOR TO THE CEILING...THE QUEEN.  Her last cartridge is reading zeroes.  The flamethrower sputters uselessly when she tries that. The grenades are gone.  Ripley drops the weapon and looks up the shaft to the descending lift...then at the approaching FIGURE.  The elevator won't be in time. She runs to a ladder set in the wall as a horrendous screech beats in her ears.  She scrambles up the rungs.
173) 0) text: Ripley struggles up through a narrow hatch, Newt clinging to her.  She dives aside as a POWERFUL BLACK ARM shoots up through the opening, its razor claws slamming into the grille-floor inches from her.  Looking down through the grille she sees the great horrifying jaws directly below her, wet and leering.  She scrambles up, running, as the grille-floor lifts and buckles behind her with the titanic force of the creature below. It hurls itself with insane ferocity against the metal, pacing her from below as she runs.
174) 0) text: Ripley reaches an open-grid emergency stairwell and sprints upward.  It rocks and shudders with the station's death throes.
176) 0) text: Ripley stumbles, smashing her knees against the metals stairs.  As she rises she hears the LIFT MOTORS start up.  Looking down through the lattice work of the station she sees the life cage start ominously upward.  She knows there is only one explanation for that.  She runs on, the stairwell becoming a crazy whirl around her.
177) 0) text: Ripley, with Newt still clinging to her, slams through the door opening onto the platform. Through wind-whipped streamers of smoke she sees...THE SHIP IS GONE.
177) 1) dialog: BISHOP!
177) 3) dialog: (hysterical) BISHOP!
177) 4) text: Newt is sobbing. The lift rises ponderously INTO VIEW.  Ripley turns, backing away from the doors toward the railing.  There is no place to run to on the platform.  EXPLOSIONS detonate in the complex far below and huge fireballs swell upward through the machinery.  The platform bucks wildly.  Nearby a cooling tower collapses with a THUNDEROUS ROAR and the SHRIEK OF RENDING STEEL.  More EXPLOSIONS, one after another, rocketing up from below. Ripley stares transfixed as the lift stops.  The safety cage parts.
177) 5) dialog: (to Newt; low) Close your eyes, baby.
177) 6) text: The lift doors begin to open.  A glimpse of the apparition within. ANGLE ON RIPLEY AND NEWT  as the drop-ship RISES RIGHT BEHIND THEM, its hovering jets roaring.
177) 8) text: Ripley leaps for the loading boom projecting down from the cargo bay and it raises them into the ship.  A TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION RIPS THROUGH THE COMPLEX nearby, slamming the ship sideways.  Its extended landing legs foul in a tangle of conduit, grinding with a hideous squeal of metal on metal.
178) 0) text: Ripley leaps into a seat with Newt, cradling her.  Begins strapping in.  Bishop wrestles with the controls.  The landing legs retract, ripping free.  Ripley slams her seat harness latches home.
178) 1) dialog: Punch it, Bishop!
178) 2) text: The entire lower level of the station disappears in a fireball.  The air vibrates with intense heat waves and concussion.  The drop-ship engines fire.  Ripley is slammed back in her seat.  The ship vaults out and up, Bishop standing it on its tail, pouring on the gees. Ripley and Newt see everything shake into a blur.
180) 0) text: Ripley and Newt watch the blinding glare fade away and they sit, wide-eyed, trembling, realizing they are finally and truly safe.  Newt starts to cry quietly, and Ripley strokes her hair.
180) 1) dialog: It's okay, baby.  We made it.  It's over.
182) 0) text: Bishop stands behind Ripley as she kneels beside a comatose Hicks.
182) 2) text: Ripley nods and, picking up Newt, precedes Bishop down the aisle to the loading ramp.
183) 2) text: Ripley turns to him, stopping partway down the ramp. She puts her hand on his shoulder.
183) 3) dialog: You did okay, Bishop.
183) 5) text: He notices a tiny innocuous drop of liquid splash onto th ramp next to his shoe.  SSSSSS.  Acid.  SOMETHING BURSTS FROM HIS CHEST, spraying Ripley with milklike android blo It is the razor-sharp scorpion TAIL of the alien QUEEN. Driven right through him from behind.  Bishop thrashes, seizing the protruding section of tail in his hands, as i slowly lifts him off the deck.  Above them the Queen glowers from its place of concealment among the hydraulic mechanisms inside one landing-leg bay.  It blends perfect with the machinery until it begins to emerge.  Seizing Bishop in two great hands it rips him apart and flings hi aside, shredded, like a doll.  It descends slowly to the deck, the rotating lights glistening across its shiny bla limbs, dripping acid and rage.  Still smoking where Riple half-fried it.  The Queen is huge, powerful...and very pissed off.  It descends slowly, its six limbs unfolding inhuman geometries. Ripley moves with nightmarish slowness herself, staring hypnotized...terrified to break and run.  She lowers Newt to the deck, never taking her eyes off the creature.
183) 6) dialog: (to Newt) Go!
183) 7) text: Newt runs for cover.  The Alien drops to the deck, pivoti toward the motion.  Ripley waves her arms, decoying.
183) 8) dialog: Here!
183) 9) text: Without warning it moves like lightning, straight at her. Ripley spins, sprinting, as the creature leaps for her. Its feet slam, echoing, on the deck behind her.  She clea a door.  Hits the switch.  It WHIRRS closed.  BOOM.  The Alien hits a moment later.
184) 0) text: Ripley moves ferret-quick among dark, unrecognizable machines. VARIOUS ANGLES  VERY TIGHT ON what she is doing...her fee going into stirruplike mechanisms.  Velcro straps fastened over them.  Fingers stabbing buttons in a sequen Her hand closing on a complex grip-control.  The HUM of powerful motors.  The WHINE of hydraulics.
187) 0) text: The Queen spins at the sound of door motors behind her. The parting doors REVEAL an inhuman silhouette standing there. Ripley steps out, WEARING TWO TONS OF HARDENED STEEL. THE POWER LOADER.  Like medieval armor with the power of a bulldozer.  She takes a step...the massive foot CRASH-CLANGS to the deck.  She takes another, advancing. Ripley's expression is one you hope you'll never see... Hell hath no fury like that of a mother protecting her child and that primal, murderous rage surges through her now, banishing all fear.
187) 1) dialog: Get away from her, you bitch!
187) 3) dialog: (screaming) Come on!
187) 4) text: The Queen emerges as a blur of rage, lashing with unbelievable fury.  The battle is joined. Claws swipe, tail lashes.  Ripley parries with radical swipes of the steel forks.  They circle in a whirling blur, demolishing everything in their path.  The cavernou chamber echoes with nightmarish sounds...WHINE, CRASH, CLANG, SCREECH. They lock in a death embrace. Ripley closes the forks, crushing two of the creature's limbs.  It lashes and writhes with incredible fury, coming within inches of her exposed body.  She lifts it off the ground.  The hind legs rip at her, slamming against the safety cage, dentin it in.  The striking teeth extend almost a meter from inside its fanged maw, shooting between the crash-bars. She ducks and the teeth slam into the seat cushion behind her dead in a spray of drool.  Yellow acid foams down the hydraulic arms toward her.  The creature rips at high-pressure hoses.  Purple hydraulic fluid sprays ...machine blood mixing with alien blood.  They topple, off balance.  The Queen pins her.  Ripley hits a switch. The power loader's CUTTING TORCH flares on, directly in the thing's face.  They roll together, over the lip of a RECTANGULAR PIT, A VERTICAL LOADING AIRLOCK.
188) 0) text: They crash together four meters below, twisted in the loader's wreckage.  The Alien shrieks, pinned. Ripley pulls her arm out of the controls of the loader and claws toward a panel of airlock actuating buttons. She slaps the red "INNER DOOR OVERRIDE" and latches the "HOLD" locking-key down.  A KLAXON begins to sound.  She hits "OUTER DOOR OPEN" and there is a hurricane shriek of air as the doors on which they are lying separate, REVEALING the infinite pit of stars, below. All this time the Alien has been lashing at her in a frenzy and she has been parrying desperately in the confined space.  The airlock becomes a wind tunnel, blasting and buffetting her as she struggles to unstrap from the loader.  The air of the vast ship howls past her into space as she claws her way up a service ladder.
190) 0) text: The Alien seizes Ripley's ankle.  She locks her arms around a ladder rung, feels them almost torn out of their shoulder sockets. The door opens farther, all of space yawning below.  The loader tumbles clear, falling away.  It drags the Alien, still clutching one of Ripley's lucky hi-tops, into the depths of space.  Its SHRIEK fades, it gone. With all her strength Ripley fights the blasting air, crawling over the lip of the inner doorway.  She releases the OVERRIDE from a second panel.  The inner doors close. The turbulent air eddies and settles. She lies on her back, drained of all strength.  Gasping for breath.  Weakly she turns her head, seeing Bishop still holding Newt by the arm.  Encrusted with his own vanilla milkshake blood.  Bishop gives her a small, grim smile.
190) 2) text: He winks. Ripley crosses to Newt.
190) 4) dialog: Right here, baby.  Right here.
190) 5) text: Ripley hugs her desperately.
191) 0) text: Ripley limps along the corridor, carrying Newt on her hip The ship's systems hum comfortingly.  Newt's head rests on her shoulder.
191) 2) dialog: That's right.
191) 4) dialog: Yes, honey.  I think we both can.