30) 5) text: Human shields. A half dozen of them. Behind the terrorists, one of the bathroom doors swings o A SECRET SERVICE AGENT emerges. Sees what's happening. Re for his gun. ZEDECK fells him with a well placed unsilenc GUN SHOT. SCREAMS ensue...
31) 0) text: A sleeping SECRET SERVICE AGENT bolts upright. HEARS MORE SHOTS. He springs up and moves toward the gunshots, his weapon d
31) 1) dialog: SHOTS FIRED! SECURE BOY SCOUT! (screaming out and  into his lapel mike) SHOTS FIRED! SHOTS FIRED!
33) 0) text: The Secret Service agent fights his way through the smoke a wall panel. Punches a red buttoned intercom.
34) 1) dialog: We have a code red, I repeat, code  red. Shots fired onboard.
37) 2) dialog: We're under attack.
37) 4) dialog: We're handling it, sir.
37) 9) dialog: Don't open the door!
38) 0) text: Smoke, automatic weapons fire. Secret service agents batt the terrorists. Aides, diplomats, crew and personnel caug in the crossfire.
41) 1) dialog: Get back! Get back!
42) 1) dialog: (into mike) We have Boy Scout, traveling forward.
42) 3) dialog: Roger. We're going to the chute.
42) 7) dialog: Come on, sir.
42) 8) text: The Secret Service agents whisk the President to the fron stairwell. They pull up a floor panel, revealing stairs  descending toward the baggage deck.
48) 0) text: Beneath the main cabin, the Secret Service agents run the President through the forward baggage compartment and the lower galley: a large room with compartments, storage fre and food preperation tables. On the far side of the galley, the agents fling open a  hatchway and enter... A NARROW GANGWAY - running between the lower galley and t rear baggage hold, flanked on either side by the landing  gear bays. They duck under wing supports until they come to a mesh  grating. The uninjured agent lifts the grating revealing an ESCAPE POD.
48) 1) dialog: Get in!   
48) 3) dialog: Get in, sir.
48) 10) dialog: One.
48) 12) dialog: (cutting him off) Two... THREE. GO!
91) 3) text: Over Vlad's shoulder... MARSHALL, flattened behind the edge of the galley divider He creeps away from Vlad toward the Presidential Suite... stepping gingerly over dead secret service agents.
209) 18) text: With blinding speed, Marshall leaps to his feet and swing his arm around Zedeck's throat. He snaps Zedeck's neck wi quiet efficency. Gibbs fires at Marshall, but Marshall, using Zedeck as a  shield, grabs hold of the terrorist'sMP5 and lets loose.. mowing down the former Secret Service agent. The rest of Gibb's shots pelt against the cockpit control sending showers of sparks flying. Korshunov whips out his gun and lines up a clean shot at  Marshall's head.
260) 2) text: An F-15 swoops up from below. Like a Secret Service agent during an assassination attempt... The F-15 takes the bullet in its mid-section. BOOM! The blast slams bits of the fighter plane against Air For One. Rocking it badly. Chunks of the plane rip away metal sheeting on the 747's wings and tail section.