0) 0) text: The silence of a peaceful prairie at dusk. The sky shades of purple and orange. Short grass, rolling hills. Faint howls of coyotes in the distance. A small figure breaks the stillness. Brady walks across the plains wearing a hospital gown an cowboy boots. He has a gauze on the right side of his hea Fresh bruises around his eyes. He has run away from the hospital, dazed and tired from the long walk. He splashes through a stream of mud and horse shit. He walks towards the warm orange light of the trailer hou in the distance. INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM — MORNING Brady walks into the dim living room. The light flickers. is pale, covered in sweat and out of breath.
0) 1) dialog: Dad? He stands still. No answer. INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LILLY’S ROOM - MORNING Brady walks in and finds his little sister LILLY asleep. is 14 year old, bright, spirited and on the brink of womanhood. She has Asperger's Syndrome.
0) 2) dialog: Hey Lillian... Do you know where dad is? Lilly is still half-asleep.
0) 4) dialog: Ok... Go back to sleep.
1) 0) text: Brady wakes up in bed covered in sweat. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BATHROOM - MORNING Brady throws up in the toilet bowl. He takes a handful of prescription medication. 3. The bloody gauze is stapled to his head. He feels the sta with his fingers, taking deep breaths and begins to pull out of his head with a hunting knife. The bloody staples drop onto the counter one by one. The fresh wound, stitched together on the back of his sha head is shocking. It looks fresh and raw.
2) 0) text: Brady wraps his head with plastic wrap and takes a shower awkwardly, taking care that his head doesn’t get wet.
3) 0) text: Brady walks through the messy living room towards the fluorescent glow in the kitchen.
4) 0) text: Brady waits as the coffee brews, spacing out. He takes a sip of the hot coffee. Another sip. His right hand twitches suddenly and starts to shake. Surprised, he quickly grabs it with his left hand, but dr the coffee cup. It shatters to the ground, coffee spillin across the cracked vinyl floor. Panicked and confused, Brady shakes his hand. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - MORNING In the blue dawn, Brady can be seen from a distance, walk from the little trailer towards the corral, where a pale horse is tied up. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - CORRAL - MORNING Brady pets GUS, his favorite horse and oldest companion. He’s a large, and magnificent, pale colored Palomino. The love between them is clear. Brady’s hand runs through Gus’s smooth coat.
4) 1) dialog: It’s good to see you Gus. Brady notices a cut on Gus’s leg.
4) 2) dialog: What did you get yourself into? He checks the wound nervously.
4) 3) dialog: Fighting over mares again? You're lucky it wasn’t any deeper. He wraps his arms around Gus’ neck, like a child that has been away from home too long. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - FRONT YARD - MORNING Brady practices lassoing with a ranch rope. He’s rusty, missing the target repeatedly. An old pick-up pulls up. WAYNE, Brady’s father, an old-sc cowboy wearing a black denim jacket and cowboy hat, comes back drunk. Brady is not happy to see him.
4) 5) dialog: Told you to check me out.
4) 7) dialog: Why don’t you just go inside and sober up?
4) 8) text: Sober up!? Let me see you rope that. Wayne points at the plastic steer dummy. WAYNE (CONT’D) Checking yourself out of the hospital like your uncle Rowdy? Annoyed, Brady ropes anyway and misses it again. Wayne starts laughing. WAYNE (CONT’D) What the hell? Can’t you rope anymore? Maybe you should’ve stayed in the hospital. Taking a deep breath. Brady ignores him. WAYNE (CONT’D) You got any chew? Brady sighs, takes his tobacco chew out of his pocket and tosses it to Wayne. Wayne puts the chew in his mouth and walks up to Brady ag WAYNE (CONT’D) Just give me a hug. Brady lets his father hug him. His expression is blank. WAYNE (CONT’D) Your hat and chaps are in the backseat. Love ya... Wayne staggers away into the house. Brady watches him for moment before going back to roping again. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BRADY’S ROOM - MORNING Brady puts his rodeo hat on the panelled wall. He takes h leather chaps and his spurs out of a black trash bag. He sits on the edge of the bed and cleans them.
5) 0) text: Brady plays cards alone at the table. Wayne, sobered up, makes three microwaved burgers (Chuck Wagons).
5) 16) dialog: You shouldn’t try to force her to eat things she doesn’t wanna eat.
5) 22) dialog: Yah well, I would’ve won the rodeo if I had got her rode. Wayne looks away for a moment.
5) 25) text: The Blackburn family grave yard - a cluster of wooden crosses. Some ancient and some new. Rusted horseshoes and weathered cowboy boots are scattere around the long grass. Brady opens the barbwire gate. A bell tied to the metal, chimes gently as he closes it behind him. Brady prays silently in front of his mother’s grave. On t wooden cross it reads: Mari Blackburn. 1963-2013. A few children’s star stickers pasted on the weathered wood. Lilly’s handy work. Brady looks up at the wooden cross.
5) 26) dialog: I was tough, mom. The sound of bell chimes and long grass blowing in the wi Brady sits there and listens. INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY Brady is trying to take a nap. The wound on the side of h head looks dried up. He can hear Lilly’s laughter. Lilly walks in.
5) 29) dialog: Sit down, Lil. Brady grabs her hand and pulls her to sit down. She touch his shoulders gently while inspecting his wound.
5) 31) dialog: I didn’t mean to.
5) 35) dialog: Yah. She points at Brady’s wound.
5) 37) dialog: Yah.
5) 39) dialog: Yah. I hurt my skull. You know what they had to do? They had to do surgery.
5) 41) dialog: You know what they do when they do surgery?
5) 43) dialog: What do they do?
5) 45) dialog: Yah. Broke my skull.
5) 47) dialog: And you have to cut it with a knife. Then they put a plate in there and then they sew it up.
5) 49) dialog: I’m not gonna... not gonna what?
5) 51) dialog: Uh... Maybe. Lilly looks upset.
5) 52) dialog: I’m not gonna die.
5) 54) dialog: Toughest cowgirl.
5) 57) dialog: How you doing Frank?
5) 59) dialog: Shit... I’m healing up. checks out Brady’s head.
5) 66) dialog: You should lay off that horse’s face a little bit. Then he wouldn’t be putting his head there like a goose. rides around and looks at Brady patronizingly. 12.
5) 68) dialog: Well I was doing what I...
5) 70) dialog: I was doing what I fucking needed to do, aright?!
6) 0) text: Brady sits alone on the sofa, watching rodeo videos on TV young cowboy is riding a black bucking horse. INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY Brady is taking a nap. The door cracks open. Brady’s rodeo friends, CAT, TANNER JAMES sneak in. They’re a classic bunch of young Indian cowboys, donned in cowboy hats, denim and flannel shirts. They bend over excitedly, checking out Brady’s scar, talk in low whispers.
6) 6) dialog: Get the fuck out of here. Brady rubs his eyes, half smiling.
6) 8) dialog: Why? What’re you guys doing?
8) 1) dialog: That horse I got on in Fargo... Everything I heard about her was shit. But got on her and said ‘fuck it’. She was good out there for a while, until the whistle, she got real trashy and started turning there by the fence. I went over the front of her. She stepped on my head. Popped me out. Didn’t knock me out til I got to the hospital. I had a seizure and went into a coma.
8) 7) dialog: I’m not, I’m drawing out of anything. I’m just taking some time off. Your brain is a little different than yo ur ribs...
8) 12) dialog: I didn’t get a chance to see him there for a while, while I was rodeoing. But they just checked him into a brand new rehab facility. Cat looks back at the fire, lost in a thought. Tanner wipes his face, looks restless after the mention o Lane.
8) 13) dialog: He probably could’ve won the world if he’d had an honest chance. He was a damn good bull rider. Tanner stuffs tobacco chew into his lip. 16.
8) 15) dialog: That was a good night for Lane. You remember when he switched hands at Elkhorn and won the bull riding first time ever riding a bull with his right hand? Eighty four points!
9) 0) text: Music plays as time passes. Moments of silence on the Gre Plains. A Badlands sunrise. Withering sunflowers in a fie of dry grass. Windmills. Horses at dusk. Brady wanders in the Badlands while a thunderstorm is bre in the distance, coloring the sky an unusual blend of yel and green. A significant amount of time has passed since the boys pr for their friend around the bonfire. Brady’s hair has gro back, covering up his scar. He looks thin and pale. He watches the distance lightening.
10) 0) text: Brady's truck speeds along the highway. Not a soul for mi 18.
11) 0) text: Brady is driving. He looks restless and nervous.
12) 0) text: Brady walks through glass doors of a physical rehabilitat center and stops at the front desk.
12) 1) dialog: Hello, Ma’‘am. I’m here to see Lane Scott.
13) 0) text: Brady walks down the hallway looking for Lane’s room. INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY Brady walks in and sees LANE sitting alone in the middle the room in his wheelchair.
13) 1) dialog: Hey, brother, how you doing? He walks over to Lane’s chair. The room is sparse, with a small bed in the corner, a white support pole beside it leading into the ceiling. The walls are covered in old pictures of Lane in his younger years as an up-and-coming bull rider. Lane can not speak. His bull riding accident has left him permanently paralyzed. He’s barely able to lift his left hand, using sign language to communicate. Brady gives Lane a hug, helping him to put his arm around him.
13) 2) dialog: I missed you, brother. Lane slowly closes his eyes as they embrace. Brady pulls back after a moment.
13) 3) dialog: You're looking good. How you feeling? He looks at Lane’s hand for an answer. 19.
13) 4) dialog: Feeling good huh. It’s a pretty good place here. Lane starts to spell out each letter of the words with hi shaking left hand.
13) 6) dialog: How’s my head...? Feeling aright... Lane starts to sign again.
13) 8) dialog: Rub some...
13) 9) dialog: ...dirt in it. Brady laughs.
13) 10) dialog: And some Copenhagen too huh? Lane slowly smiles and starts to sign. Brady reads it.
13) 11) dialog: R, I, D, E... Ride. Can I ride? Am I able to ride? Lane gives him a thumb up.
13) 12) dialog: Not supposed to for a while. I wish I can ride, but... If I hit that plate in my head, it will cave the whole side of my head in... But... Brady looks down. INT. LANE’S ROOM - A WHILE LATER Brady and Lane watch a video of Lane on YouTube on an iPa
14) 0) text: Brady's truck pulls up. He is a little nervous. He checks himself in the mirror.
14) 1) dialog: Stay in here all right Lil?
15) 0) text: Brady sits across the table from HELENA. A Lakota woman w long braids and a strong gaze.
15) 2) dialog: No, ma’am.
15) 4) dialog: I’m a horse trainer.
15) 6) dialog: I would... But I can’t for a while, since I’m laid up... So... 22.
15) 8) dialog: I'm looking for something a little more temporary than that. They look at each other.
15) 9) dialog: ...-You know, I’m... probably gonna be training horses in a few month.
15) 12) dialog: Ok... Thank you. He gets up and walks towards the door.
16) 0) text: Brady walks across the empty parking lot towards the supermarket.
17) 0) text: Brady picks up a bag of candy and looks over at the check He sees TERRI DAWN, a young woman with pink hair and dark eyes. She glances back at him. He quickly looks away. Takes a deep breath and walks towa her. He puts on a smile.
17) 1) dialog: Hi Terri Dawn. Terri Dawn greets him but she is not friendly.
17) 3) dialog: Is the manager here?
17) 5) dialog: Never mind... A moment of awkward silence as Terri scans the items. There’s a history between them, and Terri Dawn is playing disinterested.
17) 6) dialog: I didn’t know you worked here. Terri Dawn rolls her eyes.
17) 8) dialog: So how have you been doing? Terri Dawn ignores him. Another moment passes. 24.
17) 11) text: Brady quickly searches his wallet. EXT. BRADY’S TRUCK - EVENING Brady drives as Lilly is singing, the sun setting behind
17) 12) dialog: Lil, I’m thinking about going to the rodeo. Do you wanna go with? Lilly looks up at Brady and shakes her head.
17) 14) dialog: Take you to the carnival after? Get on some rides?
18) 0) text: The announcers voice echoes out over the rodeo grounds. Brady walks towards the glow of the flood lights above th stadium, and makes his way behind the chute. Cat and the other RODEO BOYS are surprised but happy to s him. They shake his hand and check out his scar. Brady sits back and restlessly watches everyone getting ready. He looks over at Tanner, who is getting ready for bareback ride. Tanner gives Brady the finger. Brady shake his head and looks away. The Lakota Flag Song is sung over the speakers. Brady and boys listens with their hats off in respect. Tanner climbs into the chute, onto his horse. The horse starts to buck, rattling the steel bars, showing its powe and aggression. 25. Brady and the boys steady it. The whistle blows. The gate opens. The bucking horse charges out and Tanner rides it into the arena. Brady and the boys cheer loudly for him as he rides 8 seconds. A perfect ride. The crowd cheers. The other riders soon follow. Brady watches a young rider gallop across the arena on his horse with envy. He wishes was out there too.
19) 0) text: Brady sits on a plastic horse on a carousel, feeling both nauseous and mortified. It feels like a bad joke. Lilly happily sits beside him, singing on her horse with hands in the air. The spinning gives Brady a bad headache. Bright lights fl by in a blur of motion, overwhelming him.
20) 0) text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys. Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking fr across the table. Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Se Street videos on her phone with James beside her. James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it ba Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes ope
20) 3) dialog: 17th? 26.
20) 5) dialog: I‘ll be ready to ride by then.
20) 12) dialog: Why don’t you just mind your own fucking business? Terri Dawn stares at Brady. Brady looks away.
20) 18) dialog: Yah.
20) 24) dialog: Yah, maybe, in a couple of weeks, I got my head caved in...
20) 28) dialog: What the fuck do you think you’re doing?! Tanner is shocked and grabs Brady by the shirt, pushing h back as others try to react.
21) 0) text: Brady catches up with Terri Dawn and Lilly.
21) 1) dialog: Lilly, you aright?
22) 0) text: The pale, bright moon is high in the sky. Coyotes howl from the distant Badlands. Lilly is playing with her recorder in the front seat. Hum softly a melody she made up. Brady and Terri Dawn share a joint in the bed of the truc Their faces lit dimly by the red neon light of the bar. B stoned. Brady leans forward to check on Lilly.
22) 1) dialog: Lil, you hear them coyotes howling?
22) 3) dialog: Are you cold?
22) 5) dialog: What?
22) 8) dialog: He was making fun of Lilly.
23) 0) text: Brady opens the door, still half asleep, covered in star stickers. MILES, a middle-aged, rough looking landlord and debt collector, with a red face and steely blue eyes, gives hi stern look as he passes. His young song, at most 12 year stands behind him with the same annoyed look on his chubb face, clearly emulating his pops.
23) 1) dialog: Hey Miles. What’s goin’ on guys? They pass Brady and walk into the trailer.
24) 2) dialog: He went to the horse sale yesterday. I haven’t seen him.
24) 4) dialog: Didn't he pay last month?
24) 6) dialog: Come on Lilly...
25) 0) text: Lilly is heating up a thin crust frozen pizza on a rotati pizza oven on the counter. While she waits, she plays wit Sesame Street music box. She cuts the pizza into smaller pieces with a pair of scissors. Brady sits on the couch, staring at Lilly’s cartoons on T He is not really watching, but lost in thoughts. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING Brady strolls across the hill. He looks down at his rundo trailer beneath the darkening sky.
26) 0) text: Brady sits opposite the Dakota Mart MANAGER, a large man, with white hair and a sickly complexion. Brady is filling out the application. 33.
27) 0) text: Brady looks uncomfortable and out of place in the store uniform as he learns how to use the check out scanner. Hi physical presence seems diminished, as if without his cow hat, and usual attire, he is somehow smaller. Brady interacts with CUSTOMERS. He is nervous but tries t polite and do a good job. The line is long and he makes a mistake, running an item twice. One of the customer gets impatient. Brady quickly apologies. (IMPROVISE) When the line is finally cleared, Brady leans against the check out rubbing his brow. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING Bray’s truck pulls up. He climbs out like a wounded anima tired and exhausted. He walks towards the house.
28) 0) text: Brady sits in bed reading a rodeo magazine. He hears the sound of a pick-up truck and looks outside. Wayne climbs out of the pickup with TODD, a local rancher They talk business as they walk towards the barn. Brady quickly gets out of the bed and heads outside. EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - EVENING Brady walks towards the corral. He sees Wayne and Todd ar talking by his horse, Gus, who is tied to a metal poll.
28) 2) dialog: Hey Todd. Todd turns to Brady. He’s a large man, wearing dark sunglasses to cover the heavy scarring across his face. H shakes Brady’s hand. 34.
28) 4) dialog: Pretty good... What’re you doing here?
28) 7) dialog: What was that about? Brady stares at Wayne while petting Gus.
28) 9) dialog: Sell him Gus? What do you mean you had to ‘sell him Gus’?! Gus is mine.
28) 11) dialog: You didn’t make any money at all?
28) 13) dialog: Yah. Costs a lot to go to the fucking bars and casinos. He’s overstepped the line. Wayne bites back.
29) 0) text: Brady goes hunting rabbits with his pistol. Partly to let some steam. He flips the gun in his hand like a pro. The sky is cold. Brady moves through the plains. Stops. S still. A moment later, he fires. He picks up the dead rabbit from the tall grass. EXT. CAT’S TRAILER - SAME NIGHT Brady dresses the rabbit on the deck under a dim lamp. Unmoved as he pulls back the fur, revealing the bloodied, torso and breaks the thigh bones. INT. CAT’S TRAILER - NIGHT The buzzing of a tattoo gun. GABBY, Cat's girlfriend, is cooking the rabbit on the sto at the end of kitchen. 36. Needle outlining the large tattoo. Blood seeps from the l of ink. Cat is finishing up the outline of a tattoo on Brady's back. Brady welcomes the pain. It helps him to st calm and focused.
29) 1) dialog: My dad sold Gus today.
29) 3) dialog: Todd.
29) 5) dialog: Yah... Wish I can ride him one last time though... Finished the outline? Cat wipes the tattoo clean. It’s a bull rider on a buckin bull in front of a cross.
29) 7) dialog: Just need to shade it huh?
29) 10) dialog: My buddy Lane.
29) 13) dialog: He was a pretty good bull rider. Brady stares through the smoke of his joint. 37.
29) 14) dialog: A lot of times, you know... you get hurt... But, you don’t think you’1l get hurt like that... I’m just... happy I came out as lucky as I did.
30) 0) text: No street lights or headlights. The road ahead is dim and eerie. Brady drives. Tired. Distant. INT. BRADY’S LIVING ROOM —- DAWN Brady makes himself some coffee. He stands silhouetted in the side door of the trailer and looks out over the plains - Gus is seen as a little shape on the horizon, grazing on hill, against the early morning glow. Brady watches Gus for a moment, a calm expression in his eyes. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - DAWN Brady walks by a saddle on the fence and grabs a halter hanging next to it. He walks up the hill towards Gus, determined.
31) 0) text: Brady slowly approaches Gus. Gus stands still, as if he were waiting for Brady. Brady gently puts the halter around Gus’ head. He pets his old friend’s face and puts his forehead again Gus'’s, praying softly.
31) 1) dialog: God, I ask you to take care of Gus on his travels. Be with him all the time and protect him. Keep him safe, God... In Jesus’s name I pray, Amen. Brady’s hands take a firm hold on Gus’s mane. 38. Brady's face, nervous but determined. Gus’s dark eyes blinks. Kicking his feet, Brady swings his body onto Gus bareback effortlessly. He steadies his nervous breathing. Petting Gus gently. Hearing the wind blowing across the prairie. The first ray of sunlight appears in the distance. Brady rides Gus, slowly walking across the open field. He kicks a little harder, Gus starts trotting. The sun is up. Bright and blinding. Gus is galloping now. Brady is back in his element. As he rides the sky seems to gets bigger, the plains vast EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - DAY Brady loads Gus into Todd’s fancy trailer. He gives Gus a kiss on the nose and pets his neck. This is goodbye. He walks out of the trailer, Gus’s eyes stay on him as th door swings shut. He hides his sadness as he watches Todd’s pickup and the trailer drive away.
32) 0) text: Brady walks in, taking off his cowboy hat. He stops when hears Lilly’s voice.
32) 7) dialog: Frank! Frank walks out of the front door, still sleepy in his pajamas.
32) 9) dialog: You still want me to train those horses for you? EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - CORRAL - MORNING Brady starts training a young mare named Crystal. He circ the corral with her. She is agitated. Panting, kicking di After a few rounds, he catches her and puts a halter on h 40. He then carefully puts on the saddle, firmly commanding h to stay calm when she tries to run. He holds the rein, runs in circles around her, forcing he turn with him. After a while, she is used to him. He gets on. She is nervous. He rides her around the corral, slow at first an then suddenly fast. She seems to be comfortable. Everything is going well. Brady is back doing what he lov
33) 0) text: Storm clouds are gathering. Brady rides Crystal across the hills. He takes his pistol out of his gun holder and holds it ne to Crystal’s nose, letting her smell it before shooting a times into the distance. Crystal reacts badly and tries to run. Brady holds her st lets her smell the pistol again, and shoots again until t horse is desensitized.
34) 0) text: Brady walks towards the horse sale, passing rows of pick- trucks and horse trailers.
34) 2) dialog: Hey... what’s up guys?
34) 4) dialog: Uh... Just looking for my dad. You seen him? 41.
34) 6) dialog: Ok. Brady looks at Terri Dawn. She ignores him. Brady gives up and walks away. EXT. HORSE SALE - BACK PIN - DAY. The back pens are packed with horses for sale. Brady and Wayne are looking at a pin filled with at least fifteen horses. They swarm back and forth like fish in a net.
34) 8) dialog: Looks good. Victor doesn’t have money.
35) 0) text: The horse auctioneer is holding the sale with his fast talking auction chant. The round stands are filled with OLD-TIMERS. Ranchers, horseman, horse traders, mostly dressed in Wrangler jeans cowboy hats. A WOMAN is holding a raccoon on a leash. A SKINNY MAN wearing a green trucker hat is riding a hors the middle of the stands, displacing the quality of the h for the auction. Brady and Wayne are at home. They talk to each other, discussing each horse. A YOUNG COWGIRL, about 15, wearing a brown felt cowboy ha shyly greets Brady and shakes his hand in admiration. 42.
36) 0) text: Brady eats a burger, watching Wayne flirting with SUMMER, blonde bartender, who’s best days are behind her.
37) 0) text: Wayne is gambling at the slot machines with Summer. Brady walks over.
37) 1) dialog: You ready to go dad?
37) 3) dialog: Come on, we need to get to Victor’s. It’s gonna get dark.
37) 4) dialog: Victor has lights. Knowing it’s useless to argue, Brady sits down to play th slot machine himself. Summer peaks over at him.
38) 0) text: Brady leads the buckskin horse they bought at the horsesa out of an old rusty horse trailer. VICTOR, a Lakota man, with a shaven head and smudged with tattoos, stops feeding his herd of chickens and greets th Brady watches Wayne and Victor checking out the horse for moment and walks away. He wanders through Victor’s land, littered with junk cars old home appliances, almost swallowed up by sage bushes. He stops when he passes the corral and sees a beautiful b horse tied up by the fence. He walks towards the horse carefully, stopping when it st to get agitated. The horse is clearly wild. He reaches fo the horse’s nose, it pulls back violently, eyes wild, nostrils flaring. Gently and patiently, Brady reaches out and pets his nose keeps him calm. Victor walks up behind him.
38) 2) dialog: Is he broke?
38) 4) dialog: What are you gonna do with him?
39) 12) dialog: Dad, I know someone that’1ll pay more than that.
39) 17) dialog: If that’s what you wanna do...
39) 20) dialog: Let’s take a break girl. Brady gets off Crystal. Suddenly his hand shakes and grip onto the rein.
39) 21) dialog: shit. Brady tries to peel his hand off of the rein. Crystal seems to sense Brady’s panic and begins to pull a yanking Brady along with her. Brady still can’t get his right hand to let go of the rei
39) 22) dialog: Halt Crystal. Halt! Panicking now, Crystal shakes her head, shaking Brady’s a along with it and backing away faster, until - 46. CRACK! Crystal’s body slams hard onto the wooden fence, breaking the fence in half. The pressure pulls the rein o of Brady’s hand. Out of breath and still in shock, Brady hits his hand har and quickly goes over to check on Crystal. Crystal breathes heavily and backs away from Brady. A tru has been broken.
39) 23) dialog: Halt Crystal. Halt girl... Brady manages to grab Crystal’s halter and starts to pet
39) 24) dialog: I’m sorry girl... Crystal slowly calms down. But Brady can’t. He looks down his hand. Concerned.
40) 0) text: Brady is working. He is in a bad mood. He is lining up women’s deodorant on the shelf. OLLIE and SAGE, two young Lakota boys walk by. Ollie is about 15, t and good-looking. Adriano is 12, awkward, wearing a white cowboy hat. Ollie notices Brady first.
40) 2) dialog: Yah?
40) 4) dialog: What’s your name buddy?
40) 6) dialog: Adriano. You're gonna be a bronc rider when you grow up?
40) 8) dialog: You riding pony broncs yet? Adriano smiles.
40) 10) dialog: You're gonna stick it to them when you get older huh?
40) 12) dialog: You bet. Ollie takes the photo.
40) 14) dialog: .--.I’m just trying to stay busy while I’m healing up. The two boys nod, slightly confused.
40) 16) dialog: Thank you, buddy.
40) 19) dialog: You boys spur them high. 48. The boys walk away. Brady looks over. Adriano waves at hi before they disappear around the corner. Brady takes a moment and starts putting the deodorant ont the shelf.
41) 0) text: Brady works the check out line. Victor puts a basket of baby product down on the counter.
41) 2) dialog: Hey, Victor. Brady starts to ring up his items. Victor looks at him.
41) 4) dialog: Yah. A man is gotta do what he gotta do I guess.
41) 6) dialog: I know. I’m riding some gentle ones. But I just don’t have the stamina like I used to.
41) 8) dialog: He’s a good one going to waste for sure.
41) 10) dialog: Well... I’1l see what I can do.
42) 0) text: Lilly is reading her book out loud. Enjoying herself. Brady sits on the sofa and takes his hat off.
42) 1) dialog: Lil, since you’re in high school, what do you think about taking up some sports?
42) 3) dialog: You wanna play basketball?
42) 11) dialog: You're in high school now, Lil. You can wear a bra.
42) 13) dialog: Come on. You’re fifteen years old.
42) 17) dialog: Hey Lilly. Lilly picks up a speaker phone that lights up every time speaks into it and alters her voice to a strange pitch. 51.
42) 19) dialog: Lil, you know dad is just trying to watch out for you right?
42) 21) dialog: If you don’t wanna do something you're just not gonna do it right?
42) 23) dialog: You're stubborn like your big brother. Lilly continues to cut the bra. Brady watches her and smi
43) 0) text: Brady takes some money in a zip-lock bag from under his mattress. He counts it. It’s not enough to buy Apollo. He looks up and sees photos of himself riding bucking hor He looks down at his bronc saddle in the corner of the ro
44) 0) text: Brady walks towards the pawnshop with his saddle over his shoulder.
45) 0) text: Brady walks in and notices a roll of saddles ready to be pawned by the door. MOE, the pawn shop employee inspects the saddle. 52.
45) 2) dialog: It’s only been on a hundred horses or so. I won it at a pro rodeo in Cherokee, Oklahoma.
45) 4) dialog: You know one of those new ones will probably run two, three thousand dollars.
45) 6) dialog: Aright...
45) 10) dialog: I was gonna pawn it.
45) 12) dialog: That big bay horse at Victor's. Apollo. I think he’s gonna turn out to be a good one. Brady waits. No response from Wayne. He turns and walks b to the trailer. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING Brady walks in. Lilly is reading her book out loud.
45) 13) dialog: How's school, Lil?
45) 15) dialog: Oh yah?
46) 0) text: Brady is making frozen burgers. Wayne walks in and takes his hat.
46) 2) dialog: What? 54.
47) 0) text: Brady leads Apollo into the trailer and shakes Victor's h
47) 2) dialog: Step forward. Come on, buddy, just one step. Slowly, Apollo takes a step.
47) 3) dialog: Good boy. That’s it. Brady gently pets Apollo’s nose.
47) 4) dialog: I had a big ol’ horse like you named Gus. Now that he is gone, think you can take care of me? Apollo's eyes are a light shade of amber. Brady smiles. Music starts. Time is passing -
48) 0) text: Music continues. Brady's truck pulls up to a secret spot in the Badlands called “Wolf Camp”. Brady and Lilly walk out of the truck towards the edge of Badlands. It’s the most breathtaking view at sunset. 56. The Badlands stretches towards the horizon. The sky is a beautiful shade of purple, orange and blue. Brady and Lilly are sitting at the edge.
48) 2) dialog: You know Lil... I’m sorry I haven't been around that much... Busy rodeoing and all...
48) 4) dialog: .+.-Do you miss mom?
49) 0) text: Music continues - The sunrise. Brady walks around holding a halter, calling out for Apol
49) 1) dialog: Come on Apollo! Come on buddy! He stops when he notices Apollo on a hill grazing. He whistles loudly. Apollo perks its head up, sees Brady, and runs down the h towards him. He stops right in front of Brady. Brady is riding Apollo across the plains. The purplish Badlands passing them as he gallops. 57. EXT. BILL’S CORRAL - EVENING Music continues - Brady trains Bill’s horse - a brown Arabian colt that’s n been rode before. Bill is the silver-haired cowboy who as him for help at the bar. The young horse runs around the corral, avoiding Brady an Bill at first, slipping, falling to the ground, getting u runs again, panting, agitated. Brady is calm. Like a fish to water, Brady seems to understand every movement of the horse, as if they are lo in some kind of telepathic dance routine. Bill is speechless when Brady manages to get on the colt bareback in no time. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - LIVING ROOM - TIME PASSING Music continues - Brady and Wayne are sitting at the table, sharing a joint looking through horse papers.
49) 2) dialog: Heard about Superbars. He was a good old horse back in 60s or so. Wish he was buckskin. Wayne takes a galp of his beer.
49) 4) dialog: You can’t ride the color, you can’t ride the papers.
50) 0) text: The harvest moon is bright in the sky. The edge of the Badlands is visible in the dark. 58. Brady walks around by himself. Music ends. End of time pass montage. EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - MORNING Brady rides hard, galloping across the prairie. He slows down, puling on the reins as the sun glares down above him. He rubs his brow, suddenly feeling faint. He lurches forw and vomits. He loses control, jumping from Apollo and staggering before falling collapses onto the ground.
51) 0) text: Brady wakes up in the dim hospital room. He is lying in b wearing a blue gown and oxygen tubes in his nose. He leans forward, pulling them off and ripping off the bl pressure aneroid on his arm. INT. HOSPITAL - DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY Brady sits opposite the DOCTOR at her desk, Wayne sitting a chair in the corner. The doctor shows him the x-rays highlighting the severity of his injury. Wayne sits by Br slouched in a chair.
52) 0) text: Brady stands alone outside the store. The sun has set and people are climbing into their cars to head home. He spit chew into an empty soda bottle and looks up. He notices a young man riding a horse on the side of the highway towards the parking lot. JOHNNY, a young Lakota teenager, climbs from the horse an ties him to a pole. 60. He walks passed Brady and they nod to each other in acknowledgement before Johnny goes into the store. Brady walks towards the horse. He lets the horse smell hi hand and pets him. The horse seems out of place in this urban environment of traffic and concrete. Brady sighs.
53) 0) text: Brady cleans up the food prep room. Washing blood from carving knives. He mops the floor in the dim hallway. He takes off his store uniform, changes into his cowboy outfit and puts his cowboy hat on.
54) 0) text: A collection of Brady’s rodeo belt buckles sits on the drawer. Prescription bottles, bullets, tobacco chews and grey colored bible on the night stand. Brady watches videos of himself riding at various rodeos. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - THE NEXT DAY
54) 1) dialog: Stay back in your saddle. Brady is training James to ride saddle bronc on a tall training barrel that moves like a bucking horse, while Ca operates it with a lever handle. Brady is holding the rope and shows James how to keep equ pressure, how to squeeze the swells.
54) 2) dialog: You're gonna kick. See how that works? Keep the slack out of your rein. Brady and James's hand grip the rope as the large barrel creeks back and forth.
54) 3) dialog: Ready? No slack! Pressure! Where’s the pressure? 61. James, his face flushed and dotted with sweat, leans back his arm in the air, rock back and forth in an imaginary r
54) 4) dialog: Like that! Perfect. Just like that.
54) 6) dialog: Yes, to get rid of the slack in your rein then up in the air and to your left. The younger James dotes on his every word. Acting out the action as Brady speaks. Cat lifts the lever handle, as James ricks back and forth throwing his legs forward, blowing air from his cheeks as Brady gives instructions.
54) 7) dialog: Ride like it’s gonna be the last horse you ever get on. Because any bronc could be the last one. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - LATER Brady climbs up onto the training barrel.
54) 9) dialog: Ok, I’m gonna feel the jump. Go ahead. Cat pulls the lever as Brady finds the right length for h rope. He’s satisfied and gives Cat the nod to start pushi Brady rocks back and forth, kicking his legs out, and tur his rigid body in synchronization with the rocking of the barrel. He’s serious and focused.
54) 10) dialog: See how I go back and across? Cat smiles as he pushes down on the lever. Its good to se Brady up there again, even if only on a practice barrel.
54) 12) dialog: 
54) 15) dialog: James, you wanna try? As Brady leans forward he finds he can’t let His hand is gripping around the rope tightly control it. Trying hard not to make anything of the other boys, he struggles to peel open
54) 17) dialog: Yes, I’m fine. Brady pulls his hand free and lowers himself
55) 0) text: go of the rope. and he can’t of it in front his fingers. to the ground. A rodeo blares from the large TV in the corner of the roo Brady holds a yellow cowboy shirt. He’s giving James his rodeo gear since the young cowboy is just starting out.
55) 1) dialog: This is Lane Scott’s old riding shirt. He won about 15 thousand dollars in one summer wearing this shirt. It was mine for a while. I probably had my best summer in it. If it fits you, you can have it too. Too short in the arms for me. Brady hands James the shirt and sits down next to Cat.
55) 4) dialog: That one must just be ‘stitious’. They smile and watch James as he tries on the shirt.
55) 5) dialog: Don’t make it look bad. James fastens the buttons and holds out his arms.
55) 7) dialog: You can try those chaps on too. If they fit, go ahead and take them. He watches James trying on his chaps and spurs. Like a superhero seeing someone else wearing his cape.
55) 9) dialog: Yep.
55) 11) dialog: James, do you still wrestle?
55) 13) dialog: Do you still wrestle? 64.
55) 16) dialog: Come on. Let’s wrestle then. James looks confused. Cat smirks, although he too seems unsure if Brady is seri
55) 18) dialog: Why not? We used to practice together.
55) 27) dialog: Didn't hurt you, did I?
55) 30) dialog: You don’t think I was too hard on James, do you?
55) 36) dialog: No. You don’t understand. Cat stops, looks at Brady, waiting for him to say somethi else. But Brady is silent. INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY Brady shows Lane the tattoo. PBR bull riding national fin is broadcasting on the radio.
55) 37) dialog: It’s you Lane. Your favorite picture of yourself on a bull. Lane is smiling and he starts to sign with his left hand.
55) 38) dialog: S, a, 1, t, y, salty. Brady laughs.
55) 39) dialog: It’s pretty salty huh. I really like it! (MORE )
55) 41) dialog: I really like how he puts the feet on there. That was a pretty good call huh? Lane sighs with a thumb up, grinning. Brady is helping Lane to change out of his t-shirt into a cowboy shirt. Lane’s body is thin and frail from the lack of movement. his back there is a large tattoo that reads “Say I wont”. Brady helps him to put the shirt on one sleeve at a time, wiping drool off of his mouth. There is a large tattoo covering the whole side of Lane’s body - the late legenda bull rider Lane Frost riding a bucking bull. Next to the tattoo, a gastrostomy tube is inserted into Lane’s flesh. Brady bottoms up Lane’s shirt. Lane looks up at him.
55) 42) dialog: Looking good stud muffin. Lane smiles.
56) 0) text: Four PHYSIOTHERAPISTS help Lane to get on a practice sadd a saddle strapped on a wooden platform with reins attache the front. Lane’s shaking hand reaches for the horn of the saddle. B quickly takes his hand and places it onto the horn and ho onto Lane’s hand so it doesn’t slip off. It’s a difficult process, but Lane eventually sits onto t saddle. He looks up at Brady with a big grin on his face. Brady takes Lane’s cowboy hat and puts it onto Lane’s hea
56) 1) dialog: Don’t wanna get a sunburn. Lane starts to move his body back and forth as if he is o galloping horse, holding the reins in each hand, while Br holds the other two ends of the rein, standing in front o Lane. Lane has trouble keeping his head up.
56) 2) dialog: Look up at me brother. Look up at me, Lane. 68. Lane slowly rise his head. Shaking his body faster as if is riding fast. Brady starts laughing with Lane out of pure joy at seeing friends spirits so high.
56) 3) dialog: Halt boy. Now slow him down a little bit. Back him up. Lane stops shaking and slowly pulling the reins back.
56) 4) dialog: Now sit up straight. Let’s do some loping. Go fast! Lane starts to shake his body again. They both start laughing.
56) 5) dialog: Really loping off to the distance huh? You bet. Now stop. Say halt boy. Let me hear you say halt... Lane makes a low sound through his damaged vocal cords.
56) 6) dialog: Good job. Now you better watch out. She may start bucking. Keep a good tight seat on there. You better lift up your rein. Lane struggles to keep his head up.
56) 7) dialog: Lift, lift... lift... Lane’s head sinks lower.
56) 8) dialog: You got her pull up now... Suddenly, Brady stops smiling, a wave of sadness hits him looks down, takes a deep breath and looks up at Lane, who head is still down. Brady straightens his body, his face firm.
56) 9) dialog: Look up Lane. Look up at me brother. Pick your head up. Way up. Lane struggles painfully but lifts his head up slowly, wi proud smile on his face. 69.
56) 10) dialog: There you go Lane. Good work. You got it now. Stay tough. Brady says goodbye to Lane. They do their usual complicat hand shake. Brady helps Lane with his hand. Then he lifts Lane’s arm up so they can give each other a hug. They hug for a moment.
56) 11) dialog: I love you brother. It’s really good seeing you. Lane gives Brady the thumb up.
56) 12) dialog: Gotta get home though. I will be back soon. Keep working hard. Brady walks away leaving Lane behind him.
57) 0) text: Brady drives for a while in silence. Loud wind blowing outside the window. He tries to hold back but can’t. Tears roll down his face quickly pulls over and breaks down sobbing.
58) 0) text: Brady puts his hat on the wall. Takes off his shirt and starts cleaning the room. He notices his rodeo bag in the corner, gathering dust. He pulls his chaps and riding rope out of the bag. Holdin the black and white rope tightly in his hand, stretching in front of him as if he is riding a bronc horse. Then slowly, he stops and puts the rope down. Brady sits at the edge of the bed and cleans his pistol. sits back in bed and draws the pistol as if he was in an western movie, aiming the gun at himself in the closet mirror. The broken mirror distorts Brady’s face, fracturi it as he rubs his throbbing brow. Lilly’s paper stars dot the wall behind him like bullet holes. 70.
59) 0) text: Brady walks around. It’s windy. He whistles and calls out Apollo. He grows impatient. His whistle louder. But there is stil sign of Apollo in the wide open plains. Brady keeps walking. He stops when he notices something - A broken fence. The barbwire is broken and tangled. Brady quickly runs over. Blood and flesh scatter the grou Brady finds Apollo. The barbed wire has badly cut through his joint like a hacksaw. Apollo is breathing harshly. Brady looks at the deep, bone cutting wound. His heart si He tries to get Apollo to walk, but the injured horse tri and cries out loudly, neighing, panting. Brady knows what needs to be done. He sits down for a mom Looks at Apollo for a long time.
59) 1) dialog: I’m sorry buddy. Should’ve stayed close to home... Brady takes his pistol out of the gun holder. He stands u takes a deep breath, toughens up and points it at Apollo. Suddenly Apollo shakes his head, panicked, neighing, whin as if he understood what Brady is about to do. The last bit of toughness in Brady is gone. He can’t do i He uncocks the pistol.
60) 0) text: The sun has disappeared behind the Badlands. Wayne checks the bullets in the pistol and takes the rein from Brady.
61) 0) text: Slow motion of Brady’s hands, washing away Apollo’s blood Water dripping down his face. His eyes are blank.
62) 0) text: Brady wakes up slowly. He gets dressed methodically for the rodeo. He puts his rodeo hat on - a grey felt hat with an eagle feather. He looks himself in the mirror. Determined.
63) 0) text: Lilly is reading. Brady sits next to her.
63) 1) dialog: I love you Lilly.
63) 3) dialog: Apollo got hurt and we had to put him down.
63) 5) dialog: Yah. 72.
63) 7) dialog: Yah. You know I got hurt too, right? Just like Apollo did.... But I got to live... He takes his cowboy hat off and looks at the dent still l from the horse hoof.
63) 8) dialog: I was only kept alive because... I’m human... If an animal around here... got hurt as bad as I did, we'll have to put them down. It just not fair to them if they can’t do what they were born to do...
63) 10) dialog: Yah. They go to heaven. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - DAY Brady loads the saddle into his pickup. Wayne walks up.
63) 12) dialog: Where does it look like I’m going? I’m going to the rodeo. Wayne is surprised.
63) 14) dialog: I’m gonna ride. I figured you’1l come and watch.
63) 16) dialog: I’m gonna fucking ride, aright, dad? 73.
63) 18) dialog: I don’t listen?! I always fucking listened. Everything you ever fucking said to me! What happened to “cowboy up”, “grit your teeth”? Didn't you always say “be a man Brady! Fucking step up, get back on, be a man!?” What happened to all that, Dad? Wayne doesn’t look at Brady. His stern face now has a hin sadness.
63) 20) dialog: Bull shit. I’m fucking riding! Brady grabs the saddle to keep it in place.
63) 22) dialog: Look at you now. What’re you good for?
63) 24) dialog: I’m not gonna end up like you. 74. Wayne stops for a moment, but there’s nothing to say. Brady quickly gets into the truck and drives away. EXT. BRADY’S TRUCK ON HIGHWAY Brady’s truck is seen from a distance. A tiny vehicle barreling through the endless badlands.
64) 0) text: Brady's eyes are fixed on the road. He looks down at the passenger seat and notices something - Lilly’s recorder. He picks it up and presses play. Lilly’s cheerful voice rattles out of it. As always Lilly’s words are unique onl to her, but Brady finds comfort in hearing her voice. He cant help but smile.
65) 0) text: Brady walks into the rodeo with his saddle and gear acros his back. He is reunited with the boys. Moving passed Tanner and Ja shaking hands as he goes. Everyone is happy to see him.
65) 4) dialog: Yah, you too! Brady goes back to his saddle and immediately grabs his h rubbing his temple. He’s in pain and it shows. Brady goes behind the chute to get his horse ready. The w bucking horse begins to go berserk in the Chute. Leaping trying to get free. The riders try to hold it down as it kicks and struggles against the metal bars. You have to b either brave or stupid to get on an animal like that. Bra seems determined to be both. The horse falls to the ground and Brady lowers his body d dangerously into the chute to pull the horse back to its feet. The Horse stands and smashes once again against the bars before finally calming down. Brady stops for a moment, watching another ride. He looks around and something catches his eye. Wayne and Lilly are in the audience, standing by the fenc Lilly sees Brady and waves. Brady is surprised to see them. He holds back his emotion and forces a smile. Wayne nods at Brady, acknowledging his son. Letting him k that his family have come to support him. Brady nods back, but quickly walks away, jumping from the chute and tries to focus, doing his stretches, going thro his routine. The bright sun glares behind him. Brady is pacing back and forth. He is breathing hard. He looks down at his hand and realizes that, once again, it’ gripping on its own, so tight, his knuckles are pale. He tries to peel open his hand but it doesn’t work. He struggles to let go. 76. Brady thinks for a moment, then he steadies his breath an slowly closes his eyes. The sound of the crowd starts to fade around Brady. He is struggling anymore, he just stands there. Then - His hand, still trembles, but his fingers slowly open up their own and let go. The heavy rope drops onto the ground. Brady opens his eyes. Almost surprised as he looks down a his open palm. The boys are calling out to him now. It’s his turn to rid But Brady doesn’t move. Cat jumps off the chute to check on him.
65) 6) dialog: Yah.
65) 8) dialog: Good luck, partner. Brady reaches his hand out. Cat looks at him thoughtfully Then he reaches out to shake Brady’s hand in a moment of quiet understanding and respect.
66) 0) text: Brady and Lilly sit in the back of the truck. The Badland a shade of purple and blue around them. The road unravelling behind is endless, stretching all th way to the horizon.
67) 0) text: Music continues - Brady watches as Lane takes little steps with a walking machine at the rehabilitation center. Each step he makes an achievement, each made with great effort and pain, but Lane is smiling. His spirit is unbreakable. Brady cheers Lane on as Lane walks towards him. Music continues - INT. LANE’S ROOM - LATER Back in Lane’s room, the boys watch a winning bull ride L made years ago. He is at the stand, pumping his fist in t air. Everyone cheers for him. Brady and Lane both smile down at the video.
67) 2) dialog: There’s my brother. Lane has a big grin on his face. The video stops. Brady’s smile slowly fades. He struggles with his words.
67) 3) dialog: I’m sorry that I couldn’t be around. I was always rodeoing, going so much. I feel bad... He looks up at Lane.
67) 4) dialog: Now I kind of understand how you must've felt... And... now that... 78.
67) 5) dialog: I can’t rodeo... for a while... I can at least come visit you more often. Brady looks down. It’s painful to finally admit it.
67) 6) dialog: So... Lane stares at Brady. His hand shakes harshly, trying to convey his words to Brady. Brady spells out the words rea Lane’s hand gesture. BRADY (READING LANE’S SIGN LANGUAGE) (CONT'D)
67) 7) text: .--Don’t... give up on your dreams... He looks at Lane, who nods firmly at him. He continues to sign with his shaking left hand. Brady reads. BRADY (READING LANE’S SIGN LANGUAGE) (CONT'D)
67) 8) text: ---You’ve...got a.. better chance than I do... - You’ve got a Lane nods again. Satisfied to have communicated it to Bra Brady looks down, holding back his emotions. He gets up a stands in front of Lane.
67) 9) dialog: Come on. Look up at me brother. He takes Lane’s hands and Lane looks up at him.
67) 10) dialog: Grab your reins. Now wheel them to the left. Lane pulls on Brady’s hand as if he were on a horse, and brady’s hands are the rein.
67) 11) dialog: Now to the right... Good job Lane. Go ahead, stop him. Back him up. Lane pulls Brady’s hands towards him.
67) 12) dialog: You still got it. Lane has trouble keeping his head up. But he is smiling. 79.
67) 13) dialog: You're... You’re on big old Gus again. You remember old Gus. Loping across there. Lane is imagining riding Gus as Brady describes it. His f full of life and hope. Lane begins to remember -
68) 1) dialog: Through the Badlands, chasing them cows out of the trees... A horse’s hooves gliding through the tall grass. INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY
68) 2) dialog: The sun’s shining. Wind blowing. Brady's face, watching Lane. He looks calm and content.
68) 3) dialog: Remember the wind on your face. The sun in your eyes. Lane lifts his head up with a smile on his face. He close his eyes.
69) 0) text: POV from the rider - the head of the horse as it moves through the plains. The horse’s mane blowing in the wind. The rider is Brady. Brady is riding Gus again, in a luminous glow of sunlight The wind is blowing. Gus gallops across the plains. His powerful hooves flying through the grass. Brady’s face against the sky, content. Exactly where he wants to be.