1) 0) text: Brady wakes up in bed covered in sweat. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BATHROOM - MORNING Brady throws up in the toilet bowl. He takes a handful of prescription medication. 3. The bloody gauze is stapled to his head. He feels the sta with his fingers, taking deep breaths and begins to pull out of his head with a hunting knife. The bloody staples drop onto the counter one by one. The fresh wound, stitched together on the back of his sha head is shocking. It looks fresh and raw.
5) 25) text: The Blackburn family grave yard - a cluster of wooden crosses. Some ancient and some new. Rusted horseshoes and weathered cowboy boots are scattere around the long grass. Brady opens the barbwire gate. A bell tied to the metal, chimes gently as he closes it behind him. Brady prays silently in front of his mother’s grave. On t wooden cross it reads: Mari Blackburn. 1963-2013. A few children’s star stickers pasted on the weathered wood. Lilly’s handy work. Brady looks up at the wooden cross.
6) 0) text: Brady sits alone on the sofa, watching rodeo videos on TV young cowboy is riding a black bucking horse. INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY Brady is taking a nap. The door cracks open. Brady’s rodeo friends, CAT, TANNER JAMES sneak in. They’re a classic bunch of young Indian cowboys, donned in cowboy hats, denim and flannel shirts. They bend over excitedly, checking out Brady’s scar, talk in low whispers.
6) 1) dialog: Holy piss!
6) 3) dialog: It’s fuckin’ rank. 13.
6) 7) dialog: You can wrap it up right?
6) 9) dialog: Put your wranglers on man.
6) 11) dialog: Last of the Mohicans! Brady laughs and sits up.
8) 2) dialog: Broke my thumb. Broke wrist twice. Broke my ankle. I mean I died eight times, that’s why they call me Cat. Didn't even cry or anything... Igmu! (Lakota for “Cat”)
8) 10) dialog: Hey Brady... Cat interrupts the conversation and turns to Brady.
8) 11) dialog: You seen Lane lately?
8) 18) dialog: Dirty dog!
8) 20) dialog: Real wild. Real good guy too. Brady looks over at Cat.
8) 21) dialog: I want to say a prayer for him, I mean, it would be best if we said a prayer every day, you know, the guy sure could use it. But I want to go ahead and just say... Brady pulls his hood back. Tanner and James remove their hats. They bow their heads in prayer. 17.
8) 22) dialog: I pray to God that he takes in all the strength from all his friends across the nation. North, south, east and west, ‘cause over this country. Cat has a thoughtful smile on his face.
8) 23) dialog: I hope he gets to ride again. Feel the wind in his back, watch it flow through the grass. Be what he wants to be, once again. Brady listens. His jaw tightens.
8) 24) dialog: We are him and he is us. We’re all one in this together. Mitakuye Oyasin. Brady crosses himself. Tanner and James put their hats ba on and take swigs from their beer bottles. Cat picks up his guitar and starts strumming the chords o country song he wrote called “Gambling Man” about the lif a rodeo cowboy. It used to be Brady’s favorite now it’s bittersweet for him to listen to. Brady stares into the fire, watching the eerie blue flame curl around the glowing embers.
18) 0) text: The announcers voice echoes out over the rodeo grounds. Brady walks towards the glow of the flood lights above th stadium, and makes his way behind the chute. Cat and the other RODEO BOYS are surprised but happy to s him. They shake his hand and check out his scar. Brady sits back and restlessly watches everyone getting ready. He looks over at Tanner, who is getting ready for bareback ride. Tanner gives Brady the finger. Brady shake his head and looks away. The Lakota Flag Song is sung over the speakers. Brady and boys listens with their hats off in respect. Tanner climbs into the chute, onto his horse. The horse starts to buck, rattling the steel bars, showing its powe and aggression. 25. Brady and the boys steady it. The whistle blows. The gate opens. The bucking horse charges out and Tanner rides it into the arena. Brady and the boys cheer loudly for him as he rides 8 seconds. A perfect ride. The crowd cheers. The other riders soon follow. Brady watches a young rider gallop across the arena on his horse with envy. He wishes was out there too.
20) 0) text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys. Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking fr across the table. Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Se Street videos on her phone with James beside her. James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it ba Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes ope
20) 15) dialog: Don’t worry about it. Brady sighs, trying to shrug it off.
20) 31) dialog: Calm down, Brady. Calm down. Cat pushes Brady aside.
20) 32) dialog: Tanner don’t mean nothin’ by it.
21) 0) text: Brady catches up with Terri Dawn and Lilly.
26) 0) text: Brady sits opposite the Dakota Mart MANAGER, a large man, with white hair and a sickly complexion. Brady is filling out the application. 33.
29) 0) text: Brady goes hunting rabbits with his pistol. Partly to let some steam. He flips the gun in his hand like a pro. The sky is cold. Brady moves through the plains. Stops. S still. A moment later, he fires. He picks up the dead rabbit from the tall grass. EXT. CAT’S TRAILER - SAME NIGHT Brady dresses the rabbit on the deck under a dim lamp. Unmoved as he pulls back the fur, revealing the bloodied, torso and breaks the thigh bones. INT. CAT’S TRAILER - NIGHT The buzzing of a tattoo gun. GABBY, Cat's girlfriend, is cooking the rabbit on the sto at the end of kitchen. 36. Needle outlining the large tattoo. Blood seeps from the l of ink. Cat is finishing up the outline of a tattoo on Brady's back. Brady welcomes the pain. It helps him to st calm and focused.
29) 2) dialog: No shit. Who did he sell it to?
29) 4) dialog: Sorry about that man.
29) 6) dialog: Yah.
29) 8) dialog: Probably wait till next time. Gabby walks over to take a look. She passes Brady a joint
29) 11) dialog: You know him?
54) 8) dialog: Big ol’ shaggy bronc. Brady laughs as he arranges the rope.
54) 14) dialog: Be like water my friend. The intensity on Brady’s face lifts for a second. He’s already out of breath. He leans forward.
54) 16) dialog: You aright?
55) 3) dialog: Some cowboys believe yellow is superstitious. That ones lucky though, ha? Brady smiles.
55) 15) dialog: I’m down for a match or two.
55) 20) dialog: Been a long day. Shake it up a bit. Brady looks determined. James gives in.
55) 24) dialog: Aright, aright. Cat pulls Brady away from James.
55) 26) dialog: You aright? Brady immediately feels guilty.
55) 29) dialog: Cowboy up partner. James shakes his head and walks away. Cat walks into the kitchen, leaving Brady alone. Brady wipes his face, steadies his breath. He looks up at TV - the screen shows the replay of a cowboy riding bucki horse in slow motion. EXT. CAT’S TRAILER - NIGHT A moth rest on the florescent light. The sound of a tatto gun buzzing. Cat is finishing up the tattoo of Lane on Brady’s back.
55) 31) dialog: Nah. He is aright. 66. The room falls silent again. Cat looks at Brady for a moment, while wiping blood off o his fresh tattoo.
55) 32) dialog: You know, I know about your hand. I know you ain’t supposed to be rodeoing or anything like that. Brady doesn’t react. Cat starts tattooing again.
55) 33) dialog: Must be tough. I know it’s tough. But... You just gotta learn to let it go, and move on.... Cat stops his tattoo gun and looks up at Brady.
55) 34) dialog: Or it will eat at ya. Brady's jaw is tense. He stays quiet.
55) 35) dialog: It’s gotta be tough... I mean... I understand.
59) 0) text: Brady walks around. It’s windy. He whistles and calls out Apollo. He grows impatient. His whistle louder. But there is stil sign of Apollo in the wide open plains. Brady keeps walking. He stops when he notices something - A broken fence. The barbwire is broken and tangled. Brady quickly runs over. Blood and flesh scatter the grou Brady finds Apollo. The barbed wire has badly cut through his joint like a hacksaw. Apollo is breathing harshly. Brady looks at the deep, bone cutting wound. His heart si He tries to get Apollo to walk, but the injured horse tri and cries out loudly, neighing, panting. Brady knows what needs to be done. He sits down for a mom Looks at Apollo for a long time.
65) 5) dialog: You aright? Brady looks at his relaxed hand and up at Cat.
65) 7) dialog: Come on then. Brady doesn’t move. They look at each other for a moment.
65) 9) dialog: You too, Cowboy. Brady turns and walks away. Music plays - The beautiful moments of the rodeo at dusk. Young riders risking it all in the arena. Their friends cheering them in the chute. Kids sitting on top of the fences, their da hair blowing in the wind - the next generation of riders. 77. Brady walks towards Wayne and Lilly, who waits for him in distance. Wind picks up and blows the dust into the air.
67) 8) text: ---You’ve...got a.. better chance than I do... - You’ve got a Lane nods again. Satisfied to have communicated it to Bra Brady looks down, holding back his emotions. He gets up a stands in front of Lane.