6) 0) text: Brady sits alone on the sofa, watching rodeo videos on TV young cowboy is riding a black bucking horse. INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY Brady is taking a nap. The door cracks open. Brady’s rodeo friends, CAT, TANNER JAMES sneak in. They’re a classic bunch of young Indian cowboys, donned in cowboy hats, denim and flannel shirts. They bend over excitedly, checking out Brady’s scar, talk in low whispers.
6) 4) dialog: Fuck that. That’s just a scratch. James takes the drag of his cigarette.
6) 5) dialog: A little smoke will help. He leans forward and blows the smoke into Brady’s face. B flinches and wakes up. Everyone laughs. Brady pushes James.
7) 1) dialog: Come on Brady! Brady sits back near the glow of the fire. He watches the they run up to the top. 14. Brady doesn’t follow.
8) 3) dialog: Got kicked in Kadoka at Rodeo Bible Camp. Went out of the back door. That wasn’t so bad. Was just kind of a stinger for a week.
8) 16) dialog: Shit, one time me and Lane was coming back from a party. We was driving in Tanner's brother's car, and we was kind of talking about women. We was a little drunk and Lane looks over at me and says ‘James, you know what one thing I’ve learned in life is’ he says ‘girls, they come in with a name and they leave with a number’. James and the other boys laugh.
8) 17) dialog: Kind of fucked up, but...
8) 19) dialog: Yep. Lane. The laughter fades and the boys become sombre. Cat looks at the fire.
20) 0) text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys. Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking fr across the table. Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Se Street videos on her phone with James beside her. James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it ba Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes ope
54) 5) dialog: So after that I throw my shoulder back?
55) 0) text: go of the rope. and he can’t of it in front his fingers. to the ground. A rodeo blares from the large TV in the corner of the roo Brady holds a yellow cowboy shirt. He’s giving James his rodeo gear since the young cowboy is just starting out.
55) 2) dialog: Damn. 63.
55) 6) dialog: I like it.
55) 8) dialog: They fit perfect. Thanks Brades. Appreciate it.
55) 10) dialog: I can’t wait to ride in these bad boys. James motions the action of being on a bucking horse. He’ trying to seem manly, but it doesn’t come off. Brady watches James for another moment. James notices his stare and quickly looks away.
55) 12) dialog: Huh?
55) 14) dialog: Sometimes. Haven’t practiced in a while though.
55) 17) dialog: Why?
55) 19) dialog: Yah... Well... that was tenth grade.
55) 21) dialog: Aright. Ok. Brady and James shake hands. The boys start to circle aro each other. Very soon James has a smile on his face too. They go at each other, wrestling as hard as they can. Cle both of them have some training in the past. It looks like an even match for a while. James even seems have an upper hand. Then, suddenly, Brady takes it seriously. He grabs onto J and puts him in a choke hold, flips him over his shoulder pins him onto the ground. James struggles to get out of Brady’s hold. His legs kick out. But Brady holds him tight, too tight. James struggle to breathe.
55) 22) dialog: Aright! I’m good. Brady. I’m pinned! 65. James is clearly in pain. But Brady doesn’t let him go, keeping him in the choke hold.
55) 23) dialog: Ok... Brady...
55) 25) dialog: Fuck Brady! Now getting some air in his lungs, James gets up quickly.
55) 28) dialog: Told you I was pinned! Told you I was done! What’s the matter with you!?
65) 1) dialog: Hey Brady!