13) 0) text: Brady walks down the hallway looking for Lane’s room. INT. LANE’S ROOM - DAY Brady walks in and sees LANE sitting alone in the middle the room in his wheelchair.
13) 5) dialog: How’s your head?
13) 7) dialog: Rub some...
13) 13) dialog: My name is Lane Scott. I’m eighteen years old. I’m from Kennebec, South Dakota. 20.
13) 15) dialog: I mean... I mean, not trying to apply anything. But, me and superman have not been seen in the same room together, so... Brady smiles and looks up at Lane. Lane smiles back. His is a lot thinner now, than the young, vibrant man in the video. His facial muscle has been damaged by the paralysi altering his looks. But Lane is smiling. He enjoys revisi these moments. The video starts to show Lane’s wild bull rides, chasing after buffaloes, being a goofy teenager. Lane stands in front of camera, wearing a cowboy hat and striped shirt.
13) 16) dialog: I was about three years old when my dad introduced me to the rodeo world. There is nothing can really beat it. You get on a bull. Makes a good ride. Everybody in the stands stand up for you, yells and cheers. Your adrenaline is goin’. You just can’t stop but smiling. Lane, in his wheelchair, eyes bright, grinning happily. H has not lost his spirit.
13) 17) dialog: There is nothing like strapping yourself on a 2000 pound animal and just going with it. That’s what I want to do and I want to do it for the rest of my life. I can’t imagine doing anything else. Brady's smiles slowly fades. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BATHROOM - THE NEXT MORNING Brady checks the now healed scar on his head. He brushes hair over to conceal it. He takes a handful of proscription pills. 21. He puts on a necktie. As he pulls the tie through the pin the fingers on his right hand suddenly grip the tie and l onto it. Brady pulls the tie out of the grip and peels his fingers open. He has gotten used to it now, he is not panicking. He shakes his hand and puts his cowboy hat on.
56) 0) text: Four PHYSIOTHERAPISTS help Lane to get on a practice sadd a saddle strapped on a wooden platform with reins attache the front. Lane’s shaking hand reaches for the horn of the saddle. B quickly takes his hand and places it onto the horn and ho onto Lane’s hand so it doesn’t slip off. It’s a difficult process, but Lane eventually sits onto t saddle. He looks up at Brady with a big grin on his face. Brady takes Lane’s cowboy hat and puts it onto Lane’s hea
67) 0) text: Music continues - Brady watches as Lane takes little steps with a walking machine at the rehabilitation center. Each step he makes an achievement, each made with great effort and pain, but Lane is smiling. His spirit is unbreakable. Brady cheers Lane on as Lane walks towards him. Music continues - INT. LANE’S ROOM - LATER Back in Lane’s room, the boys watch a winning bull ride L made years ago. He is at the stand, pumping his fist in t air. Everyone cheers for him. Brady and Lane both smile down at the video.
67) 1) dialog: Motors runnin’, feelin’ great!
67) 7) text: .--Don’t... give up on your dreams... He looks at Lane, who nods firmly at him. He continues to sign with his shaking left hand. Brady reads. BRADY (READING LANE’S SIGN LANGUAGE) (CONT'D)
67) 8) text: ---You’ve...got a.. better chance than I do... - You’ve got a Lane nods again. Satisfied to have communicated it to Bra Brady looks down, holding back his emotions. He gets up a stands in front of Lane.