0) 3) dialog: No...
5) 1) text: Lil, Lilla! Hustle!! Wayne calls Lilly to come eat.
5) 2) dialog: Be quiet! Lilly walks in a small voice recorder and an apple.
5) 4) dialog: Ready for what?
5) 6) dialog: No! Just point down! Lilly goes to sit down despite her protests.
5) 7) dialog: I’m just doesn’t no understand. And I can’t use to imagine that.
5) 9) dialog: No way! I don’t like it! Wayne puts the soggy microwaved burger in front of her.
5) 11) dialog: No. I’m sick of it. She pushes it away and looks over at Brady.
5) 12) dialog: But I can’t do anything and it’s making me all mad. Now it’s a dream and it’s not a plan as well.
5) 14) dialog: But I don’t like that bra ever!
5) 18) dialog: No way! I don’t like it! Just BS!
5) 20) dialog: That’s dirty.
5) 23) dialog: Excuse me, guys...
5) 25) text: The Blackburn family grave yard - a cluster of wooden crosses. Some ancient and some new. Rusted horseshoes and weathered cowboy boots are scattere around the long grass. Brady opens the barbwire gate. A bell tied to the metal, chimes gently as he closes it behind him. Brady prays silently in front of his mother’s grave. On t wooden cross it reads: Mari Blackburn. 1963-2013. A few children’s star stickers pasted on the weathered wood. Lilly’s handy work. Brady looks up at the wooden cross.
5) 27) dialog: What’s the matter Brady? She sees his wound.
5) 28) dialog: Oh boy. Oh poor Brady.
5) 30) dialog: You won’t get hurt yourself...
5) 32) dialog: It’s ok. Come here. Lilly gives him a hug.
5) 33) dialog: Listen... This time... You don’t... Lilly struggles to find her words.
5) 34) dialog: You don’t hurt boo boo?
5) 36) dialog: This is a head.
5) 38) dialog: It’s called ‘skull’.
5) 40) dialog: Surgery?! Don’t joke me.
5) 42) dialog: What?
5) 44) dialog: Got broke.
5) 46) dialog: Yah. Broke my skull. 10.
5) 48) dialog: But, but, but you said...
5) 50) dialog: Bucking horse anymore.
5) 53) dialog: Nope! I’m not gonna die either. I’m staying alive!
5) 55) dialog: Uh huh. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - NIGHT The sound of crickets and horned toads in the darkness. Brady walks down the wooden steps leading to the front do He sits on the last step, in the dreary porch light, and spits at the dirt. He is tired but he can’t sleep. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - CORRAL - DAY Brady walks towards the corral wearing his leather rodeo jacket. His eye is still bruised and he looks tired as he Wayne is trying a bay horse, while the horse’s owner, FRA is watching. Frank is an old-school rancher cowboy with r skin and a hook for a hand.
14) 2) dialog: Ok Brady. Lilly focuses on her recorder.
14) 3) dialog: I believe my pleasure is my favorite thing to do is sing along. Brady takes tobacco chew out of his mouth and throws it o of the window.
17) 11) text: Brady quickly searches his wallet. EXT. BRADY’S TRUCK - EVENING Brady drives as Lilly is singing, the sun setting behind
17) 13) dialog: No. Nope.
17) 15) dialog: Carnival? Oh boy. Yes!
19) 0) text: Brady sits on a plastic horse on a carousel, feeling both nauseous and mortified. It feels like a bad joke. Lilly happily sits beside him, singing on her horse with hands in the air. The spinning gives Brady a bad headache. Bright lights fl by in a blur of motion, overwhelming him.
20) 0) text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys. Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking fr across the table. Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Se Street videos on her phone with James beside her. James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it ba Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes ope
20) 25) dialog: I don’t like to! He looks over at Tanner and Lilly again, his patience is wearing thin. Tanner tickles Lilly and pushes the beer bottle into her hand. She laughs and pushes it away again.
21) 0) text: Brady catches up with Terri Dawn and Lilly.
21) 2) dialog: I'm fine, Brady. Lilly runs to the truck, leaving Brady alone with Terri D She looks at him coldly. He’s embarrassed. A moment later, she sighs and reaches for her pocket. She pulls out a joint.
22) 0) text: The pale, bright moon is high in the sky. Coyotes howl from the distant Badlands. Lilly is playing with her recorder in the front seat. Hum softly a melody she made up. Brady and Terri Dawn share a joint in the bed of the truc Their faces lit dimly by the red neon light of the bar. B stoned. Brady leans forward to check on Lilly.
22) 2) dialog: Yes!
22) 4) dialog: No, I’m not cold. Guess what?
22) 6) dialog: You're the greatest adventure. Terri Dawn takes a drag of the joint and coughs. She pass it to Brady.
25) 0) text: Lilly is heating up a thin crust frozen pizza on a rotati pizza oven on the counter. While she waits, she plays wit Sesame Street music box. She cuts the pizza into smaller pieces with a pair of scissors. Brady sits on the couch, staring at Lilly’s cartoons on T He is not really watching, but lost in thoughts. EXT. BRADY’S TRAILER - EVENING Brady strolls across the hill. He looks down at his rundo trailer beneath the darkening sky.
32) 0) text: Brady walks in, taking off his cowboy hat. He stops when hears Lilly’s voice.
32) 1) dialog: Here’s the moon! Brady turns and heads towards the warm, reddish glow emanating from behind Lilly’s bedroom door. INT. BRADY'S TRAILER - LILLY’S ROOM - DAY Brady opens the door and sees Wayne and Lilly in her room Wayne is holding a rotating lamp that projects colorful s onto the walls. Lilly’s room is already lit by a bright p lamp. The blue stars make the space feels like a dream. 39.
32) 4) dialog: Hey! My Elmo! Wayne and Brady exchange a look.
32) 5) dialog: Elmo! Are you ok? Look! Lilly holds Elmo up at the stars on the ceiling.
32) 6) dialog: Look at all the stars! Blue star swims across Brady’s face. Seeing how content L is and the warmth between her and Wayne, Brady he can’t h but to smile. EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - DUSK Brady walks up to the front of Frank’s house. He whistles
42) 0) text: Lilly is reading her book out loud. Enjoying herself. Brady sits on the sofa and takes his hat off.
42) 2) dialog: Well... Do some... Shoots and hoots for... Basketball.
42) 5) dialog: No way! Wayne sits down next to Lilly.
42) 7) dialog: Me? Yah! Lilly opens it and pulls out a pink bra. Her smiles drops immediately.
42) 8) dialog: I don’t think you. 50.
42) 10) dialog: No! Brady watches the usual bickering and decides to join in.
42) 12) dialog: I don't like...
42) 14) dialog: But I don’t like fifteen anymore. I just want fourteen years old. Brady can’t help but to smile.
42) 16) dialog: Yes you well! Because... It’s like a celebration coming on. But I just have... two, four, six, eight and one, three, five, seven, nine, is not a plan ever! INT. LILLY’S ROOM - DAY Lilly is sitting in her room next to her pink lamp, cutti up the bra into pieces. Brady walks in and sits next to her.
42) 18) dialog: Hey. I don’t like to wear a bra anymore. It’s all yuckey. Brady laughs.
42) 20) dialog: Yah. I sure better tell him to watch out for the revolving door. He should just grease it.
42) 22) dialog: Right.
45) 14) dialog: It was fun.
45) 16) dialog: A sing along. I show you. Lilly starts to sing a lullaby in Spanish. Her voice is beautiful. Brady sits back and listens.
48) 0) text: Music continues. Brady's truck pulls up to a secret spot in the Badlands called “Wolf Camp”. Brady and Lilly walk out of the truck towards the edge of Badlands. It’s the most breathtaking view at sunset. 56. The Badlands stretches towards the horizon. The sky is a beautiful shade of purple, orange and blue. Brady and Lilly are sitting at the edge.
48) 1) dialog: Good night sun! See you in the morning! Brady watches the last ray of sun disappearing.
48) 3) dialog: I know. You just... Long time ago. It’s good. You’re fine. I’m good. Now I’m just feel sorry too.
48) 5) dialog: Yah... I’m sure it’s a good adventure again. Brady looks back at the horizon. The sun has disappeared the Badlands wall.
58) 0) text: Brady puts his hat on the wall. Takes off his shirt and starts cleaning the room. He notices his rodeo bag in the corner, gathering dust. He pulls his chaps and riding rope out of the bag. Holdin the black and white rope tightly in his hand, stretching in front of him as if he is riding a bronc horse. Then slowly, he stops and puts the rope down. Brady sits at the edge of the bed and cleans his pistol. sits back in bed and draws the pistol as if he was in an western movie, aiming the gun at himself in the closet mirror. The broken mirror distorts Brady’s face, fracturi it as he rubs his throbbing brow. Lilly’s paper stars dot the wall behind him like bullet holes. 70.
63) 0) text: Lilly is reading. Brady sits next to her.
63) 2) dialog: I love you too. Brady watches Lilly for a moment.
63) 4) dialog: No.
63) 6) dialog: Like skeleton?
63) 9) dialog: Heaven.
64) 0) text: Brady's eyes are fixed on the road. He looks down at the passenger seat and notices something - Lilly’s recorder. He picks it up and presses play. Lilly’s cheerful voice rattles out of it. As always Lilly’s words are unique onl to her, but Brady finds comfort in hearing her voice. He cant help but smile.
64) 1) dialog: I know it’s your train Elmo, but I only played a little minute. I’11l give it back, I promise. And you know what? This is amazing! Good! Always names like me... Lilly! The recorder goes dead. Brady's smile drops and his eyes focus on the road.
66) 0) text: Brady and Lilly sit in the back of the truck. The Badland a shade of purple and blue around them. The road unravelling behind is endless, stretching all th way to the horizon.