6) 0) text: Brady sits alone on the sofa, watching rodeo videos on TV young cowboy is riding a black bucking horse. INT. BRADY’S BEDROOM - DAY Brady is taking a nap. The door cracks open. Brady’s rodeo friends, CAT, TANNER JAMES sneak in. They’re a classic bunch of young Indian cowboys, donned in cowboy hats, denim and flannel shirts. They bend over excitedly, checking out Brady’s scar, talk in low whispers.
6) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ. He looks like Frankenstein.
6) 10) dialog: Yah. Let’s go get fucked up! Brady nods. The boys are already at the door.
8) 4) dialog: Got on this great big grey mare. I was getting pretty stretched out in the end. Thank god I heard the whistle blow. Right at the end she slammed me down on the dirt. Hardest I ever been slammed before. Broke three ribs on my right side. Brady over there, told me to get on my short go horse, even though my ribs hurt like a son-of-a-bitch. Brady looks up at Tanner who is pretty drunk. TANNER (CONT’D) Ain't that right Brady? You don’t let no pain put you down. (MORE )
8) 6) dialog: You ain’t gonna be turning out horses left and right just because your head hurts a little bit, are you? Cat looks at the boys thoughtfully.
8) 8) dialog: Yah I know. It’s all the same to a cowboy. Ride through the pain. Brady keeps quiet but his jaws are tense.
8) 9) dialog: Now don’t let this head injury go to your head. Get you scared. I know how that goes with some guys. They get scared to get on again, and they end up becoming farmers...
8) 14) dialog: Remember when he went three for three in McCool Junction? And won it? Brady smiles and nods.
18) 0) text: The announcers voice echoes out over the rodeo grounds. Brady walks towards the glow of the flood lights above th stadium, and makes his way behind the chute. Cat and the other RODEO BOYS are surprised but happy to s him. They shake his hand and check out his scar. Brady sits back and restlessly watches everyone getting ready. He looks over at Tanner, who is getting ready for bareback ride. Tanner gives Brady the finger. Brady shake his head and looks away. The Lakota Flag Song is sung over the speakers. Brady and boys listens with their hats off in respect. Tanner climbs into the chute, onto his horse. The horse starts to buck, rattling the steel bars, showing its powe and aggression. 25. Brady and the boys steady it. The whistle blows. The gate opens. The bucking horse charges out and Tanner rides it into the arena. Brady and the boys cheer loudly for him as he rides 8 seconds. A perfect ride. The crowd cheers. The other riders soon follow. Brady watches a young rider gallop across the arena on his horse with envy. He wishes was out there too.
20) 0) text: Loud music. Neon lights. Rowdy cowboys. Brady is sitting in the corner booth, dazed from his headaches, watching Tanner, Terri Dawn and Cat talking fr across the table. Tanner is gloating about the 8 seconds ride he made today He checks on Lilly, who is sitting at the bar watching Se Street videos on her phone with James beside her. James playfully takes Lilly’s soda and she wrestles it ba Brady looks down. Having a hard time keeping his eyes ope
20) 1) dialog: Hey, wake up grandpa! Tanner slams on the table.
20) 2) dialog: Falling asleep over there! Are you gonna enter for Water’s Rodeo on the 17th?
20) 4) dialog: Yah. Brady nods, although this is probably unlikely.
20) 6) dialog: Hell ya man. It’d be good.. Terri Dawn slaps Tanners arm real hard, surprising everyo
20) 8) dialog: What’s wrong with that? His head is a long way from his heart. He won’t hurt it again.
20) 10) dialog: So?! Metal ain’t supposed to bend. He'll be fine. They both look over at Brady for a moment.
20) 14) dialog: Yah. Fuck you Brady. It’s ‘DANGEROUS’ . 27. Watching Tanner leave. Cat smiles and gives Brady a nudge
20) 21) dialog: Aren’t you way too old to be watching Sesame Street? When I was 15 I was at the bar drinking with my dad. Lilly ignores him and stares at her video.
20) 22) dialog: Ya thirsty? You should have some of this stuff. Tanner hands Lilly his half-drunk beer. Lilly laughs and pushes the beer away. Bill is still trying to convince Brady to train his horse Brady is barely listening. 28.
20) 26) dialog: Come on! You can have a beer! Brady suddenly gets up and charges up to the bar.
20) 27) dialog: This is way better for you than that crap you drink... Brady grabs Tanner by the collar and shoves him HARD.
20) 29) dialog: What the fuck man?! What you want?! Terri Dawn quickly takes Lilly's arm and they head outsid the bar. TANNER (CONT’D) I wasn’t doing nothin’! I wasn’t doing nothin’ Brady! Cat and the other cowboys pull them apart. Tanner’s cowboy hat falls to the ground. Red-faced and ruffled, he tries to compose himself. 29.
20) 30) dialog: Fuck you! I didn’t fucking do nothin’. Just being friendly that’s all. Brady glares back at him. Everyone seems shocked by Brady behavior. It has come out of nowhere and seems completely of character.
20) 33) dialog: Fuck man! What the hell? Tanner fixes his jacket. Cat looks at Brady, surprised as anyone by his actions. Brady composes himself, also shocked by his own aggressio He feels the eyes of everyone on him. He looks away and quickly storms out.
34) 1) dialog: Hey Brady! Tanner and Terri Dawn are sitting in Tanner’s pick-up. Te avoids eye contact.
34) 3) dialog: Not much... What’re you doin’? It’s still awkward between Brady and Tanner after their f at the bar.
34) 5) dialog: He was back there in the back pin riding lose horses earlier.
65) 0) text: Brady walks into the rodeo with his saddle and gear acros his back. He is reunited with the boys. Moving passed Tanner and Ja shaking hands as he goes. Everyone is happy to see him.
65) 2) dialog: Hey Brady! What you doing here? Brady forces a smile. He takes a spot by the fence and starts to puts on his ch and spurs. He looks over to see Cat giving him a look as he too gets ready to ride. 75. The rodeo is in full swing. A bareback rider leaps from t gate and is immediately bucked off his horse in a cloud o dust. The crowd gasps and cheers as he hits the ground ha Brady puts on his spurs and prepares his saddle. He keeps shaking his right hand. He sits on the saddle on the ground and puts chalk onto t grip. ANOTHER RIDER approaches him. They shake hands.