38) 0) text: Brady leads the buckskin horse they bought at the horsesa out of an old rusty horse trailer. VICTOR, a Lakota man, with a shaven head and smudged with tattoos, stops feeding his herd of chickens and greets th Brady watches Wayne and Victor checking out the horse for moment and walks away. He wanders through Victor’s land, littered with junk cars old home appliances, almost swallowed up by sage bushes. He stops when he passes the corral and sees a beautiful b horse tied up by the fence. He walks towards the horse carefully, stopping when it st to get agitated. The horse is clearly wild. He reaches fo the horse’s nose, it pulls back violently, eyes wild, nostrils flaring. Gently and patiently, Brady reaches out and pets his nose keeps him calm. Victor walks up behind him.
38) 1) dialog: That’s Apollo.
38) 3) dialog: Some fucker tried to ride him and got bucked off. He quit and now it’s got all kinds of bad habits.
38) 5) dialog: Probably just keep him wild. Brady keeps his eyes on Apollo for a moment.
39) 0) text: Victor’s living room is dim, covered with wall art. He is holding up a massive joint.
39) 3) dialog: There is gas in here. There is oil in here. There’s cloth in here. There is rope in here. It’s the future boys. Brady lights the joint.
39) 5) dialog: Looks pretty nice to me.
39) 7) dialog: See you boys checking out them cars out there. Looks like you need some parts. Willing to make a deal?
39) 9) dialog: What do you say I throw in that back window and I got seven hundred dollars? Brady rubs his forehead, annoyed.
39) 11) dialog: Seven hundred and this bag of weed.
39) 15) dialog: But I have the cash now.
39) 19) dialog: Damn right. They shake hands. Brady looks down, it’s pointless to argue. EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - CORRAL - THE NEXT DAY Brady trains Crystal by riding her and roping at the same time, getting her used to the rope. He rides her around t corral as fast as she can. The midday sun is bright. Brady struggles with the heat a headache.
41) 0) text: Brady works the check out line. Victor puts a basket of baby product down on the counter.
41) 1) dialog: Wow, Brady.
41) 3) dialog: What... You work here now?
41) 5) dialog: Hm... I don’t know. You gotta get back to riding horses and rodeo.
41) 7) dialog: Apollo is waiting for you. Brady smiles, keeping his eyes on the check out screen.
41) 9) dialog: I‘1l let him go for seven.
41) 12) dialog: A horse like that needs someone like you. Brady smiles faintly and hands Victor his groceries.
41) 13) dialog: Hey, don’t give up. Victor walks away, leaving Brady at the check out line.
47) 0) text: Brady leads Apollo into the trailer and shakes Victor's h
47) 1) dialog: Good luck to both of you. EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - DAY Brady uses a rope to lasso Apollo’s right hind leg. Apoll agitated, kicking dirt and resisting by the fence. Once the rope is around Apollo's heel, Brady ties the oth end to a poll. He then grabs the saddle. Apollo starts th struggle. He is tough and powerful, but his halter and th rope holds him in place. The wooden fence shakes violentl he thrusts his body to break free. Brady puts the saddle on him and lets him lose. Apollo st bucking immediately. Brady isn’t afraid, he welcomes it b running at Apollo, getting him agitated and bucking. Brad makes all kinds of loud and aggressive noises, waving his and hands. Apollo bucks and runs. It’s like a violent dan Finally, Apollo seems to calm down a little. 55. Brady starts to flap the stirrup against Apollo’s body. Apollo starts to buck again. They go at this for a while until Apollo is desensitized. Brady grabs the rein and Apollo’s mane. He turns Apollo w keeping one of his feet in the stirrup. When he feels comfortable, he swings around and gets on Apollo. Apollo's body freezes. Brady starts to kick and signals Apollo to move. Suddenly Apollo starts to run real fast a bucking at the same time. Brady hangs on tight. Instead o trying to calm Apollo down, Brady keeps making loud noise kicking and getting Apollo to buck. Until finally, Apollo slows down and starts to run normally. They run around the corral until both are exhausted. Brady gets off Apollo and pets him. He backs away holding rein, keeping his eyes on Apollo. Brady gets on one knee, lower himself to Apollo.