4) 4) dialog: What the hell are you doing here? Brady ignores him. WAYNE (CONT’D) I seen Tanner at the bar and he said you escaped. Wayne giggles as he climbs out of the pick-up.
4) 6) dialog: Doctors said you had to stay, buddy. Wayne goes up to Brady. WAYNE (CONT’D) Give me a hug. Brady backs away.
4) 8) text: Sober up!? Let me see you rope that. Wayne points at the plastic steer dummy. WAYNE (CONT’D) Checking yourself out of the hospital like your uncle Rowdy? Annoyed, Brady ropes anyway and misses it again. Wayne starts laughing. WAYNE (CONT’D) What the hell? Can’t you rope anymore? Maybe you should’ve stayed in the hospital. Taking a deep breath. Brady ignores him. WAYNE (CONT’D) You got any chew? Brady sighs, takes his tobacco chew out of his pocket and tosses it to Wayne. Wayne puts the chew in his mouth and walks up to Brady ag WAYNE (CONT’D) Just give me a hug. Brady lets his father hug him. His expression is blank. WAYNE (CONT’D) Your hat and chaps are in the backseat. Love ya... Wayne staggers away into the house. Brady watches him for moment before going back to roping again. INT. BRADY’S TRAILER - BRADY’S ROOM - MORNING Brady puts his rodeo hat on the panelled wall. He takes h leather chaps and his spurs out of a black trash bag. He sits on the edge of the bed and cleans them.
5) 0) text: Brady plays cards alone at the table. Wayne, sobered up, makes three microwaved burgers (Chuck Wagons).
5) 1) text: Lil, Lilla! Hustle!! Wayne calls Lilly to come eat.
5) 3) dialog: Are you ready?
5) 5) dialog: To eat!
5) 8) dialog: There’s supper. You better have a bit of that Chuck Wagon.
5) 10) dialog: Just look at it. Just look at it for a second. Lilly stares at it.
5) 15) dialog: Brady, get her that bra.
5) 17) dialog: She has to eat something and this is the only food we got.
5) 19) dialog: You're stubborn just like your brother. Look how he ended up!
5) 21) dialog: Big old gash on the side of his head. I told you not to go and ride that son-of-a-bitch anyway.
5) 24) dialog: Whole point is... I told you to stay home. Wayne chucks down his beer. Brady stares blankly into his burger.
5) 61) dialog: Frank. This idiot for a horse trainer you have ran away from the hospital four days after the surgery.
5) 63) dialog: Don’t listen to anything he says. He may not be thinking too good. The older cowboys laughs. Brady bites his tongue. Wayne Wayne Brady Wayne
5) 65) dialog: Halt baba. pulls hard. The horse takes a few steps back. watches intensively.
5) 67) dialog: You can tell me what to do when you're riding the son-of-a-bitch. Too bad you went to the rodeo and got all fucked up. Frank watches the father and son bickering as if he has s it many times.
5) 69) dialog: I’m doing your work here!
5) 71) dialog: Well, I’m doing what I need to do. Finishing something you should be doing. Brady can’t argue with that and looks away.
28) 0) text: Brady sits in bed reading a rodeo magazine. He hears the sound of a pick-up truck and looks outside. Wayne climbs out of the pickup with TODD, a local rancher They talk business as they walk towards the barn. Brady quickly gets out of the bed and heads outside. EXT. BRADY’S CORRAL - EVENING Brady walks towards the corral. He sees Wayne and Todd ar talking by his horse, Gus, who is tied to a metal poll.
28) 5) dialog: Hey Todd, I haven’t talked to Brady about this. Can you just come back tomorrow and pick him up?
28) 8) dialog: I had to sell him Gus, Brady. It takes Brady a moment to process what Wayne has said.
28) 10) dialog: Gus is part of the family. I guess it’s his turn for us to make a living. Brady is furious. It’s incomprehensible to him that his father could even consider this. WAYNE (CONT’D) You want Miles to haul the trailer? Me and Lilly have no place to live?
28) 12) dialog: Costs a lot to live. 35. Wayne is being dismissive, avoiding eye contact and untyi Gus’s reins.
28) 14) dialog: Fuck you, Brady, I don’t need your shit. It’s not like you can ride anymore, we gotta make a living somehow... Brady grabs Wayne’s shirt and pushes him against the meta gate. Wayne regains his composure calmly, staring Brady d WAYNE (CONT’D) What’re you gonna do? Fight me? Brady looks away. WAYNE (CONT’D) What’s wrong with you? Wayne walks away leaving Brady alone with Gus.
32) 2) dialog: Look, jump over the moon. Wayne projects the half moon from the lamp onto the wall.
32) 3) dialog: Watch. He grabs Lilly’s Elmo toy and throws it over the moon projection.
34) 7) dialog: Victor is looking for a buckskin. What do you think of that one? Wayne whistles and seems to get the attention of a large beautiful buckskin.
34) 9) dialog: Oh, I think he came up with some recently.
35) 0) text: The horse auctioneer is holding the sale with his fast talking auction chant. The round stands are filled with OLD-TIMERS. Ranchers, horseman, horse traders, mostly dressed in Wrangler jeans cowboy hats. A WOMAN is holding a raccoon on a leash. A SKINNY MAN wearing a green trucker hat is riding a hors the middle of the stands, displacing the quality of the h for the auction. Brady and Wayne are at home. They talk to each other, discussing each horse. A YOUNG COWGIRL, about 15, wearing a brown felt cowboy ha shyly greets Brady and shakes his hand in admiration. 42.
36) 0) text: Brady eats a burger, watching Wayne flirting with SUMMER, blonde bartender, who’s best days are behind her.
37) 0) text: Wayne is gambling at the slot machines with Summer. Brady walks over.
37) 2) dialog: In a little bit. It’s clear Wayne has had a few drinks too many.
37) 6) dialog: Yah. She looks at him again over Wayne’s shoulder.
37) 8) dialog: We don’t talk about that.
38) 0) text: Brady leads the buckskin horse they bought at the horsesa out of an old rusty horse trailer. VICTOR, a Lakota man, with a shaven head and smudged with tattoos, stops feeding his herd of chickens and greets th Brady watches Wayne and Victor checking out the horse for moment and walks away. He wanders through Victor’s land, littered with junk cars old home appliances, almost swallowed up by sage bushes. He stops when he passes the corral and sees a beautiful b horse tied up by the fence. He walks towards the horse carefully, stopping when it st to get agitated. The horse is clearly wild. He reaches fo the horse’s nose, it pulls back violently, eyes wild, nostrils flaring. Gently and patiently, Brady reaches out and pets his nose keeps him calm. Victor walks up behind him.
39) 2) dialog: It may cure the Meth. Wayne sits back on the couch, chimes in.
39) 4) dialog: So what do you think about that horse?
39) 6) dialog: I want twelve fifty cash. She’s worth way more if you take her to town.
39) 8) dialog: ...I need a back windshield for an 82’ Camero.
39) 10) dialog: Seven hundread...
39) 16) dialog: We can take this money now, buy another horse and make some money. You always smoke my weed up. Might as well just trade with hima little bit of grass.
39) 18) dialog: Aright, we got a deal.
42) 4) dialog: The only sport she’s gonna play is barrel racing.
42) 6) dialog: I stopped by family dollar and got you a surprise. He tosses a plastic bag to Lilly.
42) 9) dialog: You don’t think so. Why the hell not? You wanna go to that rodeo with me, you gotta wear a bra. It’s public place.
42) 15) dialog: You can’t do a fourteen no more dear.
45) 9) dialog: What’re you doing with that saddle?
45) 11) dialog: Pawn it? For what?
46) 0) text: Brady is making frozen burgers. Wayne walks in and takes his hat.
46) 1) dialog: I called Victor. He said you can go pick up Apollo tomorrow.
46) 3) dialog: I sold that buckskin to a guy in Minnesota. I told Victor I’1l pay once I get the money. Brady is surprised. He stares at Wayne who is checking ou the burger on the stove. WAYNE (CONT’D) Those burgers are bad. He scoops the burger patties up and throws them in the tr opens the fridge and gets a bear. Brady still stares at h WAYNE (CONT’D) I’m going to the bar. He taps on the freezer. WAYNE (CONT’D) There’s pizza in here for Lilly. Wayne drinks his beer and leaves. Brady stands alone in the kitchen. A moment later, he smi
49) 3) dialog: Every body gets color blind in the horse world.
49) 5) dialog: No. The father and son continue to share their knowledge and for horses.
51) 0) text: Brady wakes up in the dim hospital room. He is lying in b wearing a blue gown and oxygen tubes in his nose. He leans forward, pulling them off and ripping off the bl pressure aneroid on his arm. INT. HOSPITAL - DOCTOR’S OFFICE - DAY Brady sits opposite the DOCTOR at her desk, Wayne sitting a chair in the corner. The doctor shows him the x-rays highlighting the severity of his injury. Wayne sits by Br slouched in a chair.
51) 4) dialog: I told him to rest. He never listens though. It’s lucky he didn’t hurt his head.
51) 7) dialog: Well, Brady, sometimes we gotta play the cards we’re dealt. Sometimes... I guess... dreams aren’t meant to be. Brady stays quiet. Wayne looks over at him again. WAYNE (CONT’D) You know, I’m your dad. You can talk to me. Brady continues to keep quiet. WAYNE (CONT’D) Too bad your mom ain’t here. You and her can be stubborn together. Brady stares at the disappearing lights outside the windo His face expressionless.
60) 0) text: The sun has disappeared behind the Badlands. Wayne checks the bullets in the pistol and takes the rein from Brady.
60) 1) dialog: Whistle for him when you walk away please. Brady walks away from them. 71. Wayne points the gun at Apollo, unmoved. He has done this many times. Brady stops. He is facing away from Wayne and Apollo. He waits for a moment. The wind picks up. He whistles. BANG! A loud gun shot immediately follows, echoing out ov the hills. Brady steadies his breath, staying tough. He spits and wa away. Behind him, Wayne takes his hat off as he looks dow Apollo's lifeless body.
63) 11) dialog: Where are you going with that?
63) 13) dialog: You fucking crazy?
63) 15) dialog: What the fuck do I wanna come for? Watch you kill yourself?
63) 17) dialog: Whatever. You never listen to anything anyone says. Brady almost laughs. He turns around to face Wayne.
63) 19) dialog: Well, not today. He tries to take Brady’s bronc saddle from the truck. WAYNE (CONT’D) You don’t need to fucking go...
63) 21) dialog: Fine! Wayne lets go of the saddle. WAYNE (CONT’D) Go kill yourself then! He walks away.
63) 23) dialog: I made you! Brady watches Wayne walking back to the trailer.