30) 10) text: Josie picks up her stuff, moves to the last empty seat in the room-in the front row, surrounded by "" who all wear  orange Denominator sweatshirts. Sitting next to Josie is ALDYS, a Denominator--intense,  wise, with a whole bunch of math medals on her sweatshirt She smiles at Josie. Josie smiles back and looks up as MR. COULSON enters the  room. He's a ruggedly handsome twenty-something Yale grad He grabs a notebook out of his bag, goes around to sit on the front of his desk, sipping coffee from a Styrofoam  cup.
30) 19) text: Sam opens his book. Aldys notices Josie has no book. She  moves next to her.
30) 20) dialog: Here. We can share.
30) 29) dialog: (sotto to Josie) There's a minute of my life I'll  never get back.
38) 5) dialog: They do it to all the new kids.
38) 6) text: Josie finds Aldys standing next to her.
38) 8) text: Aldys motions up to a second floor window. Guy and his  Group look down on them, laughing.
38) 9) dialog: Guy Perkins and his amazing  Lemmings. They push your car out  of its space, hide it, then watch  while you look for it. We've taken  to chaining ours together for  safety. I'm Aldys.
38) 11) dialog: When it's not yours. My mom was  going through her Harlequin Romance  phase.
38) 13) text: Aldys doesn't get it.
38) 15) dialog: guess. Although, what is truly  awful is that with the combined  intellectual effort of every kid  in that room right now-
38) 17) dialog: They still would not know the  difference between a synecdoche  and a hyperbole.
38) 20) text: Aldys stares Josie down.
38) 22) dialog: Well, do you?
38) 24) dialog: Nice.
38) 27) dialog: Until Guy tells them to go. Once  they watched me for like two hours.  I found my car the next day in the  T.J. Maxx parking lot.
38) 29) dialog: (duh) Because he's Guy Perkins. (then) Listen, you want to walk to Na- Na's and get something to eat?
39) 0) text: Josie and Aldys share a huge plate of chili fries.
39) 1) dialog: Yeah - isn't it amazing that those  guys are our same age? I mean,  they just seem so much younger,  you know.
39) 4) dialog: I'm going to be so happy to get to  college. I hear at Northwestern  they don't make fun of you for  knowing the element table.
39) 10) dialog: Professor of medieval literature.  Novelist. Weekend flautist.
39) 11) text: Aldys takes another slurp of her shake. WE HEAR a muffled cell phone RINGING.
39) 12) dialog: I think your knapsack is ringing.
40) 2) text: Josie smiles awkwardly at Aldys, covering the phone.
40) 5) text: Josie indicates to Aldys she'll be right back and walks t the back of the restaurant by the pay phones.
40) 12) text: She looks back to the table where Aldys is dividing the  check.
41) 0) text: In the middle of the track is Josie's car. The MARCHING  BAND clumsily practices their formations around it. Josie and Aldys arrive at the car and Aldys pops the hood.
41) 1) dialog: They love to disconnect the battery,  too.
41) 3) dialog: Just so you know, I think they  recalled these cars in 1974.
41) 5) dialog: Sure. No problem.
41) 6) text: Aldys heads to the lot for her car, and then turns around
41) 7) dialog: Hey, Josie, how are you at Calculus?
41) 9) dialog: How would you like to join The  Denominators? The Math Team could  really use a new brain. We lost  our best logarithm guy last year.
41) 11) dialog: NASA. (beat) Plus we have these really fun pizza  study groups, and we go to-these  all county meets. And, I mean, not  that you need it, and without  sounding too much like the  Godfather, I think we could offer  you a certain amount of protection",  if you know what I mean. We all  kind of stick together and watch  out for each other.
43) 0) text: Josie and Aldys, both wearing big orange Denominator  sweatshirts, are behind a table manning a bake sale. A banner behind them says: n = 3.14578697786978 Pie = $.7 No one is stopping to buy anything. Josie points to the  left, Aldys looks, and Josie stuffs a whole brownie in he mouth. They laugh uncontrollably as Josie starts to choke and cough up most of the brownie. We PAN DOWN a row of nervous looking Denominator faces as they watch Josie, sitting head to head against a DIGIT, a opposing Math-a-lon competitor. They both work furiously  on a problem. A judge sits between them. A makeshift  scoreboard hanging off the desk shows the score is tied. Josie bangs the bell on the desk and hands the judge her  card. He looks it over, and gives her team five points.  They win. The Denominators erupt into cheers. They're jumping all  over Josie, going crazy. As we go wider we see the gym is entirely empty, except for a handful of Denominators goin crazy on one side, and a janitor sweeping up on the other
44) 0) text: Smiling at each other, Josie and Aldys clutch books  excitedly and stand in line. WE WIDEN to reveal they're i line with NERDY ADULTS also clutching their books. At the head of the line is a blow-up poster for The New Elements Of Grammar. An OLD MAN signs books for his fans.
46) 0) text: Sam is perched on the desk. The usual players in their  usual seats. Aldys is standing and reading from her book.
46) 1) dialog: (reading) "All the world's a stage and all  the men and women merely players."
46) 7) dialog: Well, Rosalind disguises herself  as a man and escapes into the  forest.
50) 0) text: Aldys and Josie head out of class and down the hallway  towards their lockers. Josie stops in front of hers where the Makeout Couple continues their clinch, blocking her  locker. Josie pauses frustrated as Sydney's Voice comes  over the loudspeaker.
50) 11) dialog: Southglen South competes every  year for best prom, and usually  they win. We Denominators don't  even go to prom. -But to everyone  else it's huge.
50) 13) dialog: This one has been so hyped. We're  tied for most wins with Northglen  North. This year's winner will  determine the winner of the century.   The theme is everything. So whatever  Southglen picks has to be totally  unique--
54) 0) text: Aldys drives, Josie has shotgun and TYKE, Aldys' nine-yea old sister, is in back. They all hold double-scooped cone and they all sing FREE TO BE YOU AND ME at full voice.
54) 2) dialog: we should be spending it thinking  of how we can better serve your  baby-sitting needs?
54) 5) dialog: That's the old drive-in. They call  it "The Court". Now it's just a  continuous party for Guy's group.
54) 7) dialog: Sometimes I wonder what they talk  about.
54) 9) dialog: I mean, what if they just stupid  to hide the fact that they're  actually brainiacs with super powers  and they're plotting to take over  the world and make my life hell  until I die?
54) 14) text: Josie is frozen, but not Aldys.
54) 15) dialog: Oh, Guy, you on a little break  from having an original thought?  Ooops, I forgot, that's all the  time.
54) 18) dialog: oooh, cheap wine coolers and a  fire in a trashcan. Where do I  sign up?
54) 20) dialog: Last I checked--this was still a  free country.
54) 22) text: Guy's right in Aldys' face, leaning over Josie. Aldys sta to drive away. Guy keeps his head in the window while he  runs alongside the car.
55) 0) text: Aldys seems a little shaken, Tyke continues singing.
55) 2) dialog: Are you kidding, Josie? It's lame.  All they do is stand around and  get drunk. It's lame.
55) 4) dialog: Yes, it's lame.
55) 6) dialog: Exactly.
67) 2) text: He ignores Josie and goes back to his Girlfriend. Aldys, in her Denominator sweatshirt decorated with pins, approaches Josie.
67) 3) dialog: Hey, where's your sweatshirt?
67) 5) dialog: No biggie. I have an extra in my  locker. I'll get it for you.
67) 7) dialog: Oh В– I almost forgot В– I'll see  you tonight at Big Cup. 7:30, right?
67) 9) dialog: Remember, that poet that we liked  В– the reading he's doing at Big  Cup? I got us tickets.
67) 11) dialog: I'm late for lab.
67) 12) text: Aldys takes off. Josie looks down the hall, where Guy,  Kristen and the others are all looking at a flyer pasted  to the wall.
90) 10) text: Aldys approaches.
90) 11) dialog: Hey В– where were you last night? I  was worried.
90) 12) text: Josie can't take her eyes off Rob sitting at Guy's table. Aldys notices Josie's distraction.
90) 14) dialog: Last night. 7:30. Big Cup. I kept  calling you, but I only got your  machine. I don't even know your  parents line and I was really  worried.
90) 16) text: Aldys is really hurt.
90) 17) dialog: Well, maybe you should forget about  sitting with us too.
96) 0) text: Aldys and the Denominators stand in front of a booth that displays a large glass jar of jellybeans. Calculators and paper out, they're engrossed in find the answer. Josie walks by alone. The Denominators don't notice her.
101) 0) text: Josie turns with her tray after paying. Aldys sees her.
101) 1) dialog: Hey, Josie--I'm really sorry I  snapped at you. Do you wanna--
101) 4) text: And Josie walks over to Guy's table, leaving Aldys starin after her. Josie sits down at the table. Everyone stares  at her.
104) 0) text: Josie and the Cool Girls walk under the banner, laughing. We PAN UP to their lapels and see that they are all weari replicas of Josie-'s geeky airplane pin. They pass Aldys, Josie is oblivious.
112) 0) text: Josie and the Girls, wearing matching cardigans, walk pas Aldys and another Denominator on their way to the escalat Josie and Aldys lock eyes and Josie smiles but Aldys turn her back to her.
112) 1) dialog: (to Denominator) Look, there goes another Lemming.
125) 13) text: Josie laughs. ANGLE ON: A TABLE where Kristen and Tommy are selling pro tickets. Aldys is standing in front of them.
125) 14) dialog: You can't not sell me a ticket to  prom.
125) 16) dialog: Oh, I get it. It's that pesky making  change part that's confusing you  guys. Here. I'll make it easy. (holding up money) Money- (drops money, takes  ticket) Ticket.
125) 17) text: Aldys takes her ticket, walks off. Tommy and Kristen turn to each other and start whispering conspiratorially.
135) 23) dialog: We're DNA. A double helix. But I  guess you'd know that if you'd  actually passed bio.
135) 24) text: Kristen reaches out and touches the rope binding Denomina #1 to Aldys. Denominator #1 slaps her hand away.
140) 9) text: And they walk off onto the dance floor. ANGLE ON: THE SIDE OF THE DANCE FLOOR. Guy approaches Aldys.
140) 11) text: Aldys can't help it. She smiles, a little flattered.
140) 13) text: Aldys smiles and unhooks herself from the group. And star to dance with Guy. ANGLE ON: JOSIE AND SAM as they continue to dance.
140) 20) text: ANGLE ON: GUY AND ALDYS as they dance, WE SEE the Cool  Girls and Jason standing to the side of the dance floor  laughing Gibby reaches into her purse and pulls out a CAN OF ALPO. She hands it to Jason who pulls a CAN OPENER out of his pocket, opens the lid. He hands it to Kirsten who  take the lid off. She hands the can to Kristen, who hands the can to Tommy.
143) 2) text: Josie's eyes shift from Sam to over his shoulder. She spo Aldys, who smiles at her. Josie's eyes travel up to the  can of DOG FOOD.
143) 6) text: SLOW MOTION as Josie lunges for Aldys and pulls her to  floor as Tommy, off-balance, dumps the dog food all down  Guy's front. The Crowd stops dead, staring. The can, now  empty, rolls slowly off the dance floor, the metal rollin noise ECHOING in the silence.
169) 0) text: The team is dressed, ready, excited. Anita and Aldys stan next to Josie. Josie looks up at the crowd, amazed.
169) 3) dialog: It's romantic, what you're doing,  and they want to be a part of it.
169) 5) text: Josie then starts to hyperventilate. She puts her head  between her ankles. Anita and Aldys both grab the brown  paper bag and hand it to Josie. She hyperventilates into  it. Coach Romano approaches. Josie puts the bag down.
169) 9) text: Josie gets up and he slaps her on the ass. She hugs Aldys Then Anita gives Josie a big hug, and won't let go. Josie has to pull Anita pulls back. Josie struggles to get out  of the hug- Anita won't let her. Finally, they are both  laughing. Josie walks out of the dugout, and onto the field.
178) 0) text: Everyone - including all the Denominators are on their  feet, chanting. Aldys cheers the loudest.
184) 0) text: The Denominators and Aldys cheer their brains out.