0) 45) dialog: I told you not to mix your drinks...
0) 47) dialog: Every time... I tell you
0) 49) text: No. I’ve got some smack though. Bernie shrugs apologetically. A sledgehammer to crack a n
0) 51) dialog: Just at the weekends. It’s for unwinding. I’ve got a very stressful life. Stevo sits there for five seconds. His head pounding like bass drum.
0) 53) dialog: When will we finish today? Stevo carefully opens the wrap.
0) 54) dialog: Careful.
0) 56) dialog: And there’s guns in the crates?
0) 58) dialog: I can’t get in any trouble Stevo... I...
0) 60) dialog: I was provoked.
0) 64) dialog: I am driving... Stevo decants a little of the Heroin into a burnt bit of foil.
0) 66) dialog: HA HA Now you have totally fucking cursed me.
1) 0) text: Frank knocks on the van window. It winds down. Bernie pee out.
1) 2) dialog: Hey Frank.
1) 4) dialog: Hey. I am no rat. But he has taken some medication for a migrane. Frank turns to Stevo and steps up close. He looks him in eyes.
1) 18) text: Bernard. If you want some, just say. I’1l open you up like a tin of beans. Bernie mulls this for a nano-second.
1) 19) dialog: You are good Frank.
8) 16) dialog: Oh fuck no. Has he made you?
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
12) 0) text: A bullet smacks into Franks’ arm, spinning him round. Chr turns his head and sees the flash of the carbine for the first time. Bernie cowers behind the pillar. Bullets chasing through air. Gordon clambers too his feet and looks for an exit. 37.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
23) 2) dialog: Bernie crawls along for a bit but stops. His breathing becomes slower. He dies. Stevo looks on devastated.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.