0) 4) dialog: These things happen, probably traffic. Frank sniffs. This is on him. He brought the late guy int this.
0) 6) dialog: Stop fretting... it’s fine. Justine smiles listening to the conversation.
0) 9) dialog: Long time... The sex has stopped. We just argue now.
0) 11) dialog: Who then?
0) 13) dialog: You started it... Chris enjoys needling Frank.
0) 14) dialog: I knew his Father Here it comes.
0) 16) dialog: Well you pretty much fucked that up.
0) 23) dialog: It’s Swedish.
0) 25) dialog: She’s not a German. You have cloth ears Frank
0) 27) dialog: Laughing... at you.
0) 29) dialog: I spent six weeks in Stockholm in 72 remember.
0) 32) dialog: You see.
0) 34) dialog: I'd like to go back to Stockholm.
0) 38) dialog: Yeah. Frank looks out of the window and pulls a filter-less Cam from its pack.
0) 76) dialog: He’s just a bit on edge.
0) 78) dialog: Sure... Do you think that’s the dynamic? I’m meant to be making sure he doesn’t get into trouble. I'm a calming influence. We hear a bump as Frank slams Stevo up against the van.
1) 25) dialog: You ever wonder where the guns go?
1) 27) dialog: You are not curious?
1) 29) dialog: I just wonder what you are doing here
1) 31) dialog: A good looking woman Justine smiles
1) 33) dialog: What you laughing about?
1) 35) dialog: What?
1) 37) dialog: I don’t follow.
1) 39) dialog: Yeah - I usually lead with the horrors, then the looking haunted then a bit of eye contact..
1) 41) dialog: Sure
1) 44) dialog: What are you doing later?
1) 46) dialog: I’m not a terrorist. Chris looks sad.
1) 48) dialog: You dangerous are you? Mysterious international gun dealing lady.
1) 50) dialog: Did you win?
1) 52) dialog: Where did you get him from Frank? Stevo reacts hurt. He shrugs..
1) 55) dialog: You found him in a bar? Chris smiles. Stevo frowns.
1) 59) dialog: This guy is an idiot.
1) 73) dialog: That’s up for debate.
1) 82) dialog: I bet he is dynamite in the sack. Justine looks round. She looks at Chris and shakes her he ™o!
1) 104) dialog: Chris. Ord turns to Stevo. He looks at the make up covered eye. registers something is a bit weird here.
1) 120) dialog: Who owns this place?
3) 16) dialog: That’s nice.
3) 19) dialog: You got some rounds?
3) 24) dialog: You worked with these guys before Ord?
3) 28) dialog: Hey Ord. You ever used your military background to chat up women?
3) 31) dialog: Your memories of war... the band of brothers... Blah blah.
3) 33) dialog: You more the silent type Ord? Chris squeezes off a round as Ord is about to answer.
3) 34) dialog: Sorry what? Ord goes to talk again.
3) 36) dialog: I’m sorry - what?
3) 38) dialog: Good.
4) 0) text: Ord watches Chris looking at Pillar
4) 2) dialog: What does that look like to you?
5) 4) dialog: How many?
5) 7) dialog: They all folding stock?
5) 16) dialog: What would you do if you won the lottery?
7) 0) text: In the distance there is the noise of a van starting up. men stand patiently as it approaches. Frank is tense. He looks over to Chris. Chris is not scared but looks on intensely. He strokes his jacket where his gun is. Frank looks to Martin. The van enters the warehouse.
8) 2) dialog: What’s your daughter called?
8) 5) dialog: Just open em all. The boxes are opened up. Inside sit the AR18’s Frank purs his lips. Chris leans into Justine. Martin watches neutra
8) 6) dialog: I can’t believe you wont see me tomorrow. 28.
8) 8) dialog: What?
8) 10) dialog: Just making conversation... Chris looks at the guns. Vernon looks over his shoulder.
8) 13) dialog: You got the ammo?
8) 24) dialog: You tell the Corsican thanks.
8) 54) dialog: You need to stop talking now. Stevo punches Harry. Harry falls back. He scrambles to hi feet and grabs at Stevo. The two men fall to floor in a f of punches and short screams of exertion. Ord looks over to Chris and shrugs.
8) 55) dialog: Christ. Ord and Frank move in and pull the two men apart. They gr them and pries them open. Chris is putting a little distance between himself and th others. Ord and Frank have hold of the flailing men.
8) 60) dialog: I’m sorry to hear about your cousin. But we are taking these guns now and leaving. Ord lets go of Harrys’ arm. Chris backs away to give hims a bit of distance. He instinctively knows what’s about to down.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
15) 0) text: Chris hears the whine of Howies’ missed shot. He turns an makes eye contact with Ord. Ord looks at him from behind the AR18 boxes. They are the only two who know what’s happening. They are in a crossfi Chris gestures to Ord ‘What the fuck is this?’
15) 3) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
19) 0) text: Ord turns to fire at Harry. Bang bang bang INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris makes it to the pillar and looks around it to see w Jimmy is.
20) 0) text: Stevo hits the ground. He holds his leg. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is wiping his eyes. He has blood pouring down his f INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris takes careful aim with the AR18 and fires. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is shot through the chest and falls to the ground. INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris turns to look at the situation. Harry fires at Just
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
30) 0) text: Justine rips her trouser. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Chris gets himself together from behind his pillar. He lo about and assesses the situation. He looks at his 38. 5 s left. He looks over to Justine as he hears the ripping of her trousers.
30) 1) dialog: Justine. There is no answer
30) 2) dialog: Justine!
30) 4) dialog: It’s Chris... how are you?
31) 0) text: Ord looks over his wounds. He goes through his pockets. H finds a hip flask. He opens it and sniffs it. He smiles. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine looks at the wound in her leg. She sees that it’s and out. She picks the bits of trouser out of the wound w a pair of tweezers. Chris crawls into view.
31) 1) dialog: Where did those guys come from?
31) 3) dialog: I knew it. Those bullet strikings on the pillars I saw. (MORE )
31) 5) dialog: They were range markings. They had time to practise. She opens her mouth wash. She uses it to clean the wound her leg. She flinches as it pours on. She squirts some perfume on the wound as well. The alcohol works as an antiseptic.
31) 6) dialog: Yeah. You think they were with Ord and Vern?
31) 8) dialog: Maybe... You badly hurt? Justine threads the dental floss into her needle. She use her lighter to sterilize its end.
31) 16) dialog: We will be out of here by then. Chris isn’t sure he believes what he has just said. She looks over the edge of the wall to see what’s going o She sees movement over at the AR18 crates.
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
34) 24) dialog: 
34) 29) dialog: 
34) 45) dialog: 
35) 0) text: Chris and Justine lay next to one another. 50.
35) 1) dialog: Who are we dealing with here?
35) 3) dialog: Ord seems like someone we can work with.
35) 5) dialog: You should stay here.
35) 7) dialog: I’m getting over to the others.
35) 9) dialog: You have to stay independent. If you align with us, they will kill you. The first opportunity you get you have to get out of here.
35) 11) dialog: At the end of the day a battle is won by the side that gives up last. I ain't dieing here
35) 13) dialog: I’ve got an ideology at least. These guys have just got money.
35) 15) dialog: I won’t let them hurt you.
38) 0) text: Chris watches. He looks to Frank at his pillar. Chris sha himself together. He crouches and stands up unsteadily. H gets ready to run. He slouches forward and hobbles toward Franks position. He gets half way across when he is noticed.
39) 0) text: Harry takes a feeble shot at Chris. The shot whines past.
41) 0) text: Frank fires back at Harry. Chris approaches Franks pillar falls in behind it. INT. WAREHOUSE. Howie is still laying on his front. No amount of medical is going to help him. He licks his bloody lips trying to talk. 54.
43) 0) text: Chris collapses on the ground exhausted. He props him sel and looks back to Justine. She looks back at him and smil weakly. He nods back and turns to Frank.
43) 1) dialog: Here we are...
43) 3) dialog: Your brother in law is a fucking idiot. Frank looks miserable and shakes his head.
43) 5) dialog: I think they have troubles of their own. Someone set up the shooters. And it looks like the last one got shot.
43) 7) dialog: If any ones coming for them it isn’t any time soon. (MORE )
43) 9) dialog: Ord never says anything by accident. He wouldn’t give away an advantage like that.
43) 11) dialog: He might work it.. Chris tries to hide his defeat.
43) 13) dialog: We can’t let them leave. If they get outside we are fucked. Look at all these bodies.. FRANK. Well we can cover the back door. I don’t think anyone is going to be making any sudden movements.
43) 14) dialog: Even if we could make it out. We can’t leave without the guns
43) 16) dialog: We are on fairly thin ice with our friends at home without losing a shitload of money and guns. We have to make this work.
43) 18) dialog: The biggest problem we have is if they have any ammo for the AR18’s. Frank hadn’t considered that until this moment. Franks fa crumples depressed.
44) 0) text: Stevo suddenly gets up on one leg and starts shuffling towards a bit of cover. He gets there safely. He looks out around the warehouse and licks his lips. He makes another shuffle across the warehouse. Towards Frank Chris. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo collapses in front of the pillar. Frank grabs him a pulls him in. He is barely conscious
44) 2) dialog: He’s passed out. They wait for a minute. Stevo starts to fit. The two men to stop him from smashing his head on the concrete. They wrestle with him. He stops fitting and Frank holds him in arms for a moment. The two men are exhausted. Stevo opens eyes.
44) 5) dialog: 
44) 9) dialog: 
46) 1) dialog: 
46) 8) dialog: 
49) 1) dialog: 
50) 3) dialog: 
50) 5) dialog: 
50) 7) dialog: 
52) 3) dialog: Six for sure rather than seven for maybe. Stevo rolls his eyes. He looks at his 45. Chris looks at too.
52) 4) dialog: Shooting is all about placement. Your guy is still going isn’t he? Stevo takes the point. He looks out into the warehouse an sees Bernie’s dead body.
53) 0) text: Justine crawls. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris looks around and sees a trolley. He grabs it and pu it over. He sees a bag of rubble. They pile it on the trolley.
53) 1) dialog: I’ve got to go over there.
53) 3) dialog: Shes out in the open. We have to draw the fire.
53) 5) dialog: Come on, you don’t mean that.
53) 7) dialog: I‘1l push it along the line of those broken foundations... I can fall back along that if it goes wrong. Frank knows there’s no convincing him.
54) 0) text: Ord can hear a squeaking noise. It’s the sound of the tro wheels. He moves over to the edge of the boxes and takes look. Vernon shifts over to have a look as well. He sees trolley being pushed by Chris. It’s loaded with refuse ba of rubbish. Chris can be seen bobbing about behind it. Ord looks over to where the trolley seems to be heading.
55) 0) text: Chris flinches as the bullets impact the bag and the trol There’s a small flash from the South pillar and a wooden impact as Frank shoots at them. Vernon ducks down. Ord hunkers down low. Wood chips explode around them.
56) 0) text: Justine watches as Chris makes his advance. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank makes them count. Stevo aims and fires. Frank stops Stevo firing. 62.
58) 0) text: Chris pushes the trolley forward. The bullets chip wood o of the makeshift barrier.
59) 0) text: Justine starts to crawl back to the low wall. She looks o to Chris. She knows he is risking his life for hers.
61) 0) text: Chris scrambles for cover as the trolley falls to pieces. Bullets rip across the concrete. Chris rolls - cursing. 63. He looks at the route back to the pillar. He can see a ba rubble he could use as cover.
62) 0) text: Vernon fires blindly. Ord doesn’t look so confident. He looks round and sees Justine disappearing behind a pillar on the west side. He realizes the plan. INT. WAREHOUSE COLLAPSED TROLLEY. Chris crawls back to the bag of rubble as fast as he can.
63) 0) text: Ord and Harry take it in turns to shoot at Chris.
64) 0) text: Dust flies in the air as the bags are hit by pistol fire. Chris cowers behind the bags. He sees an aerosol can on t ground. He picks it up. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank and Stevo continue to return fire. Frank sees that Justine has made her way back to her low wall position. H smiles.
65) 0) text: Ord ducks behind the boxes as a salvo of shots fly in his direction. INT. WAREHOUSE BAGS OF RUBBLE. Chris grabs the aerosol can and throws it towards the AR1 boxes. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank sees the aerosol go over. 64.
66) 0) text: Chris watches as the aerosol rolls towards the boxes. He steadies his hand and takes aim. He shoots. Misses. He sh again and hits. The canister explodes
68) 0) text: Chris crawls out from his cover towards the South pillar. moves methodically forward. Pulling himself along. He loo back to the AR18 Boxes. The small explosion hadn’t done m damage. He looks ahead and sees Frank and Stevo at the pillar. Frank is beckoning him in. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris is pulled behind the pillar by Frank and Stevo. Chr is exhausted. Frank grabs his head and hugs him.
68) 2) dialog: Did she make it?
69) 4) dialog: We have to get to that phone and call in Leary. Frank looks over to the stairs in the far corner of the warehouse. He looks back to the AR18 cases.
69) 12) dialog: If you can get over towards the stairs it will be very hard for them to hit you. If you crawl low and use the rubbish for cover.
72) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. There is no movement. He lo back to Vernon who is now about 6 foot clear of the van. looks over to Frank in the distance. He notices movement behind the pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris watches from behind the pillar as Vernon is crawlin He takes aim. Stevo sees him too.
73) 2) dialog: Go on FRANK.. MOVE!
75) 6) dialog: Shut up.
75) 8) dialog: Stop... Stevo continues to Fire. Chris grabs him
75) 9) dialog: I told you to stop..
78) 0) text: Harry ducks and cowers as the shots start flying again. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Brick shatters from the pillar. Shots are coming from bot sides. Chris pulls Stevo down to the ground.
81) 0) text: Harry makes it to the back of the van. He pulls the handl on the door. Nothing. He tries again. It’s locked. He looks depressed. He looks desperately to Chris... Then Martins’ body.
82) 0) text: Ord looks over to Harry. Ord is trying to stop the bleedi from his new wound. He gestures to Harry to open the door Harry shrugs and makes a carkey mime. Ord looks over to where Martins lays. And then he looks back to Harry. Harry shakes his head. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Stevo scramble on the floor. Chris is punching Stevo in the head. They thrash about - each man not stron enough to get the better of the other. Chris reaches down and grabs Stevo’s leg and forces his fingers into the bullet wound. He squeezes. Stevo screams passes out. The fight is over. Chris sits for a moment panting. He sh his head in disbelief.
87) 0) text: Justine checks her pistol. She looks at Chris. He knows s is going to make a break for it. She starts to move away. Chris watches her go.
88) 0) text: Chris watches as Justine disappears into his blind spot behind a large pillar and a line of broken office foundations.
106) 0) text: Chris watches as Martin moves about. He is looking for something.
112) 0) text: Chris looks up as he hears the gunshot.
131) 0) text: Chris fires back at Martin. Martin fires another shot at Chris. Masonry explodes from the side of the pillar.
139) 0) text: Ord watches the shoot out between Chris and Martin. He ta aim but can’t get a clear shot of either of them. We can he is weighing up the odds. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon pushes the door open and starts to make his way in raises his pistol attempting to protect himself. Justine fires. The first shot is wide and hits the door. Gordon f blindly and the shot pings into the wall. Justine fires h last bullet and hits Gordon in the shoulder. He rolls ove and drops his pistol. It skitters across the floor. The smoke settles for a minute.
143) 0) text: Martin looks around wildly. He sees the money and makes a beeline for it. He marches over and grabs it. Harry watches from his position. Chris watches from the pillar. 83. Martin looks up at the sunlight and is mesmerized for a moment. He starts to walk. Not in the right direction. He walks manically. Slowly he starts to wind down. His walki gets slower. He eventually stops and drops the briefcase.
144) 0) text: Vernon lowers his gun. His breathing is shallow now. He s there and doesn't move. He is very burnt. He is done. The fire dies out. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine looks at the magazine of Gordon’s gun. 6 shots le She holsters her 38 after wiping the blood off it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris sits, looking back up at where the gunshots have co from. He shakes his head slowly.
144) 2) dialog: Sure. Stevo smiles. Chris looks at how pale Stevo is now. He ha lost a lot of blood. He looks like he is a t deaths door.
144) 3) dialog: Wake up Stevo..
144) 5) dialog: If you fall asleep, you wont wake up. You know that? 84.
144) 7) dialog: I’ve got to go and help Frank. You have to watch Ord. Can you do it?
144) 9) dialog: You keep them pinned down. Judging by that gunfire, Justine didn’t get too far before that guy caught up with her
145) 0) text: Ord watches as Chris moves off towards the stairs. He loo around. He’s lost Gordon and he can’t see Harry.
146) 0) text: Steve looks up and sees the staircase. He starts to climb makes a better job of it than Frank. Chris looks over the top of the stairs. He sees Vernon at end of the corridor. He looks like he might be dead. Chris takes aim at the man. He checks his ammo. Two shots puts the pistol back in its holster. He starts the long journey. Slowly moving hand over hand making his way forward.
148) 0) text: Vernon is not dead. But he is very badly injured. He is breathing but in a very shallow fashion. We see Chris in distance moving towards him. Vernon opens his eyes for a moment and looks at the shot door that was between him and Frank.
151) 0) text: Chris crawls along the floor, slowly slowly. He stops for moment and gets a pack of sweets out of his pocket. He ea one. Then he starts again.
152) 0) text: Vernon registers that Chris is moving up the corridor. He looks around slowly with his eyes. Where did he drop his He sees it. Just out of reach. He sucks his cheeks for a of sustenance and considers his options. 86.
153) 0) text: Chris can see more clearly now. Vernon has been shot and burnt and is slumped against the wall. His pistol is abou metre away from him.
155) 0) text: Chris sees this movement and grabs for his pistol.
157) 0) text: Chris is showered in plaster and dust as the bullet tears into the wall. He aims his pistol and fires. The bullet h Vernon in the side.
159) 0) text: Chris has one last shot. He takes it and shoots Vernon in nose. Vernon slumps down - finally dead. Chris moves towa him and goes through his pockets. He has extra bullets fo his gun and a packet of peanuts. Chris devours the peanut
161) 0) text: Chris kicks in the door to the office. He crawls in throu the hole. He looks seems to beat, He over and 87. up and is startled to see the dead body of Frank. He be staring into space. Chris looks at him for a can’t believe it’s ended like this. He shuffles closes Franks eyes. Chris recites a poem.
161) 1) dialog: Death is nothing at all. I am I and you are you. Whatever we were to each other, That, we still are. Chris gets to the telephone. He dials.
161) 2) dialog: Hello
161) 4) dialog: Is Leary there?
161) 6) dialog: Where is he?
161) 8) dialog: It’s Chris
163) 1) dialog: Sandy is Barndon there.. Sandy... 88. He shakes the phone... It’s dead.
167) 0) text: Chris has heard Learys’ voice. He makes his way towards t window. He can see Leary. He spots what’s about to happen. Harry hiding behind a pillar. Chris bangs on the glass.
167) 1) dialog: 
168) 0) text: Chris looks down distraught. He pulls himself through the door and makes his way back to the stairwell.
170) 0) text: Chris lowers himself down the stairs one by one.
174) 0) text: Chris falls a couple of stairs. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord is putting the pistol back together. He is almost the He looks up and sees Harry at the van.
184) 0) text: Chris enters the warehouse again. He looks about. It look empty. He sees the van slowly driving around in a circle. ANNIE’S SONG
184) 3) dialog: Fuck it.
186) 3) dialog: 
186) 8) dialog: 
186) 12) dialog: 
186) 15) dialog: 
186) 19) dialog: 
186) 24) dialog: 
187) 0) text: Chris watches Ord approach. The water is still pouring. O reaches the pillar and props himself up and looks over to Chris. He looks at Stevo.
187) 2) dialog: Yeah.
187) 4) dialog: No. I only met him a few hours ago
187) 6) dialog: Life is ever at the mercy of idiots. He did alright though. In the end.
187) 8) dialog: You in a hurry?
188) 0) text: Chris and Ord stand up and support each other. They hobbl towards the van. Splashing through the puddles of water t have now formed. They eventually make it to the van. 97. Chris reaches in and turns the music off. John Denver sto singing. Chris takes a breath. He looks at Ord and smiles They might get out of this yet. Suddenly a shot rings out. Ord is hit in the face, the ba of his head exploding across the van panel. He starts to slide backwards. A second shot finds Chris. Chris is hit the chest and slides down the side of the van.
190) 0) text: Chris looks up at the water coming out of the sprinkler system. He smiles as it hits his face.
191) 0) text: Justine uses the pillar as leverage and manages to get to feet. She slings the rifle under her arm pit and uses it crutch. She hobbles forward. Smoke is blowing across the warehouse now. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE VAN. Justine approaches. She sees the bodies of Ord and Chris. Chris is still alive. He looks up at Justine. He is diein
191) 2) dialog: Who were the guys .. The shooters?
191) 4) dialog: I am sorry I shot him. Justine nods. She takes the money out of Chris’s limp han
191) 6) dialog: Death is nothing at all Death is nothing at all. I have only slipped away to the next room. I am I and you are you. Whatever we were to each other, That, we still are. Call me by my old familiar name. Speak to me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me. Pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without effect. Without the trace of a shadow on it.
192) 1) dialog: Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same that it ever was. There is absolute unbroken continuity. Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? She moves towards the shuttered door exit. Suddenly the roller comes up and she is bathed in light. She shields h eyes. Out of the light steps a fireman. Behind him a fire engine. They run in to fight the fire.
192) 2) dialog: I am but waiting for you. For an interval. Somewhere. Very near. Just around the corner. (MORE )
192) 3) text: CHRIS (NARRATION) (CONT’D) All is well. Justine stands there for a moment. She looks back towards camera. ‘This Old Guitar’ By John Denver plays