0) 2) dialog: Where is he? Justine speaks; flat American with a tinge of something European.
0) 5) dialog: Fuck it. I hate this shit.
0) 10) dialog: You flatter yourself. I wouldn’t go gay for you...
0) 12) dialog: No one... I don’t want to talk about that kind of thing.
0) 14) dialog: I knew his Father Here it comes.
0) 15) dialog: I promised i'd keep him out of trouble.
0) 17) dialog: Ah well, life can get in the way of promises sometimes. Justine smiles. She knows.
0) 18) dialog: Justine? Justine is looking out the window, lost in her own though After a beat she turns.
0) 20) dialog: Where are you from darling?
0) 24) dialog: Swedish? I was going to say German.
0) 26) dialog: German. Looks she’s smiling. Justine smiles to herself.
0) 28) dialog: When I say German... She smiles. It’s the memory of the old country... the Motherland... Germany, Germany, Germany...
0) 30) dialog: That thing... Fuck. How could I forget that. Frank shakes his head remembering.
0) 33) dialog: Don’t overplay your hand.
0) 35) dialog: Well that can happen soon enough. We just have to sort this bit of business out.
0) 39) dialog: Do you like this place?
0) 41) dialog: America. There’s a pause. It’s as if she’s never considered it.
0) 68) dialog: Where have the fuck have you been?
0) 70) dialog: If you say traffic I’m going to punch you in the throat. Stevo looks at Frank.
0) 74) dialog: Don’t lie to me you little fuck. Are you high?
1) 0) text: Frank knocks on the van window. It winds down. Bernie pee out.
1) 1) dialog: Hey Bernard
1) 3) dialog: Is he on drugs? Bernie thinks for a moment. His face a mask of control.
1) 5) dialog: I know you don’t really understand how serious I am. What..
1) 7) dialog: .--I am talking... What my capacity to hold a grudge is...because nothing bad has happened to you has it?
1) 9) dialog: Your Grandmother dieing of cancer aged 95 does not count.
1) 11) dialog: Is that supposed to reassure me?
1) 13) dialog: You are made of glass to me Steven. Frank grabs Stevo by the balls. His fist crushing them through the denim.
1) 14) dialog: Does that focus your mind?
1) 16) dialog: I’m holding your brain in my hand now ain’t I? You ever going to be late for me again?
1) 20) dialog: I promised my sister that I'd bring you home in one piece. You are not going to make a cunt of me are you?
1) 22) dialog: Why have you got a black eye?
1) 54) dialog: My sisters husband. She’s got a bar.
1) 57) dialog: Don’t call me Frankie. I hate that. -pauses— Or Francis.
1) 60) dialog: It was short notice. Stevo rolls his eyes at the foreign language. He tries to talk to Justine
1) 62) dialog: Don’t talk to her.
1) 64) dialog: Do you know her?
1) 66) dialog: Are you married to my sister?
1) 69) dialog: Where is the van from?
1) 71) dialog: Good. You did exactly what I said? Stevo is embarrassed by the questioning in front of Justi 13.
1) 74) dialog: You got any foundation with you Justine love?
1) 77) dialog: You put it on boy...
1) 79) dialog: Put it on or I'll give you one on the other side to match. Stevo sadly applies the powder to his eye. It helps a bit Frank looks at him. He softens.
1) 80) dialog: Come here... He grabs the powder and applies the makeup.
1) 81) dialog: I don’t know what she sees in you
1) 85) dialog: Keep your fucking head still. Justine looks up and sees something.
1) 87) dialog: There you go. You look great. The man approaches he smiles broadly when he sees Justine stops by the Plymouth.
1) 93) dialog: Afternoon. You’re late.
1) 96) dialog: Do you?
1) 98) dialog: Holywood. 15.
1) 100) dialog: The real fucking Holywood. Ords’ smile remains as he looks to the backseat.
1) 102) dialog: You don’t need to know their names.
1) 107) dialog: Please to meet you ‘Ord’. Can we get on with this please?
1) 111) dialog: What was that?
1) 113) dialog: What the fuck does it have to...?
1) 116) dialog: Christ Steven. There is a pause. Ord has doing his job well. The tension defused a little. They get out of the car. Bernie joins them from the van. They follow Ord towards the warehouse. Justine looks arou The buildings are abandoned and nailed shut. If you wante run, there would be no where to go. Chris is carrying a brief case. Ord looks at Stevo 17.
1) 118) dialog: He has a birth mark. Ord doesn't buy this for a second.
1) 122) dialog: What did they used to do here?
3) 0) text: The warehouse has hefty concrete pillars dotted around it The ground is littered with broken bottles. Refuse sacks, piles of rubbish, bits of abandoned cars, broken foundati of offices and smashed machine tool plinths. The foundati are stubby walls marking out where the offices would have been in the factory. At their highest around two feet. Sometimes lower than a foot. Frank looks around scanning the space. We see far back from the group. A POV of another person behind a pillar watching them. The group move towards the middle of the warehouse. There a small fold out table.
3) 1) dialog: Where are we going? Ord turns gesturing to the table.
3) 3) dialog: Where are your friends? 19.
3) 5) dialog: If there’s a problem, I guarantee you will be the first to go.
3) 12) dialog: Shut up.
3) 14) dialog: Shut up. 20.
3) 17) dialog: You doing us a Sligo reduction then?
3) 22) dialog: Sure. Okay. Ord takes out his pistol and aims it at the ground.
3) 26) dialog: It’s okay to fire?
3) 39) dialog: Okay. Chris squeezes of a few more shots. Refuse bags pop. A lo falls over. There’s a clanging echo in the Warehouse. The echo of the shots dims. Chris then adjusts the Rifle to full auto. He lets off a burst. He then puts on the safety. Takes out the magazine and pu the rack, ejecting a live round. He does this twice more presents it to Vernon. Vernon nods when he sees it’s safe. Chris puts the rifle back on the table. Ord holsters his pistol. Chris takes out a pen and uses it to pick up the brass. He puts them on the table. He looks up at the pill near the table. He walks over to it. Ord watches him.
3) 40) dialog: I thought we had talked about M16‘s?
3) 42) dialog: The Brits wont even use these things. They fail in the mud. Chris runs his hands over the pillar. There are pock mark it. He looks at Ord. (What Chris is looking at are fresh bullet scars. This place has recently been used as a firi range.)
5) 0) text: Frank frowns and starts negotiating. Justine watches Chri 23.
5) 1) dialog: I’ve got money for M16’s
5) 9) dialog: Well where are they?
5) 12) dialog: Sure. The money flips through the counter. It comes to an end. Martin looks up.
5) 21) dialog: So you going to do us a reduction on these non M16's?
5) 23) dialog: 15
5) 25) dialog: Okay. So I take $1200 back?
5) 27) dialog: You were going to charge extra on the ammo?
7) 0) text: In the distance there is the noise of a van starting up. men stand patiently as it approaches. Frank is tense. He looks over to Chris. Chris is not scared but looks on intensely. He strokes his jacket where his gun is. Frank looks to Martin. The van enters the warehouse.
7) 2) dialog: How do you all know each other?
7) 7) dialog: That's cozy. You always been into guns Justine?
7) 9) dialog: My Father took me shooting when I was a boy. (MORE )
7) 11) dialog: I’ve always been around them. He was a good shot. Later he was in the Easter uprising. It was a good skill to have.
7) 13) dialog: What war were you in Ord?
8) 1) dialog: Lets have a look then. Vernon takes a crowbar and opens one of the boxes. Inside three AR18’s in wood chippings. Frank smiles. He points t random box.
8) 4) dialog: How about that one... Vernon shrugs and opens it. Same deal.
8) 40) dialog: Come on now. Don’t be calling my brother in-law a liar Stevo is starting to sweat. He looks to Frank. Bernie loo into the middle distance trying to disappear.
8) 41) dialog: Tell them Steven.
8) 44) dialog: We are here for work. Not to talk about the rights or wrongs of particular bar fights.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
12) 0) text: A bullet smacks into Franks’ arm, spinning him round. Chr turns his head and sees the flash of the carbine for the first time. Bernie cowers behind the pillar. Bullets chasing through air. Gordon clambers too his feet and looks for an exit. 37.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
28) 0) text: Frank makes his way toward the south pillar. He manages t get onto one foot and stagger towards it. Harry fires at him. The shot goes way wide.
29) 0) text: Vernon crawls on all fours towards the AR18 packing cases methodically puts one hand in front of the other. He eventually makes it. Ord pulls him in. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Stevo makes it to the pillar. He looks around. He sees Fr Frank makes a hand gesture... stay there...
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
34) 13) dialog: 
34) 16) dialog: 
34) 21) dialog: 
34) 37) dialog: YOU AIN’T GOING TO NEED AN AMBULANCE...
34) 43) dialog: 
38) 0) text: Chris watches. He looks to Frank at his pillar. Chris sha himself together. He crouches and stands up unsteadily. H gets ready to run. He slouches forward and hobbles toward Franks position. He gets half way across when he is noticed.
41) 0) text: Frank fires back at Harry. Chris approaches Franks pillar falls in behind it. INT. WAREHOUSE. Howie is still laying on his front. No amount of medical is going to help him. He licks his bloody lips trying to talk. 54.
43) 0) text: Chris collapses on the ground exhausted. He props him sel and looks back to Justine. She looks back at him and smil weakly. He nods back and turns to Frank.
43) 2) dialog: Good to see you.
43) 4) dialog: Do you think they have anyone coming?
43) 6) dialog: I didn’t see where it came from.
43) 10) dialog: I never told Leary where we were going.
43) 12) dialog: He’s an idiot. He is never going to put it together. Chris looks out to the far door where the van came in.
43) 15) dialog: I don’t think that’s a priority at this point.
43) 17) dialog: We can but try.
43) 19) dialog: Brilliant. 56.
44) 0) text: Stevo suddenly gets up on one leg and starts shuffling towards a bit of cover. He gets there safely. He looks out around the warehouse and licks his lips. He makes another shuffle across the warehouse. Towards Frank Chris. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo collapses in front of the pillar. Frank grabs him a pulls him in. He is barely conscious
44) 1) dialog: Steven... Steven...
44) 4) dialog: It’s done now. They sit there for a moment breathing heavily
53) 2) dialog: This is not a good idea.
53) 4) dialog: We are not responsible for her. 61.
53) 6) dialog: You are going to get fucking killed.
53) 8) dialog: Okay Chris. Chris pushes the trolley forward. It takes a lot of effor He edges out into open space. He makes eye contact with Justine. She looks scared.
55) 0) text: Chris flinches as the bullets impact the bag and the trol There’s a small flash from the South pillar and a wooden impact as Frank shoots at them. Vernon ducks down. Ord hunkers down low. Wood chips explode around them.
56) 0) text: Justine watches as Chris makes his advance. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank makes them count. Stevo aims and fires. Frank stops Stevo firing. 62.
56) 1) dialog: We just need to make them keep their heads down.
64) 0) text: Dust flies in the air as the bags are hit by pistol fire. Chris cowers behind the bags. He sees an aerosol can on t ground. He picks it up. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank and Stevo continue to return fire. Frank sees that Justine has made her way back to her low wall position. H smiles.
65) 0) text: Ord ducks behind the boxes as a salvo of shots fly in his direction. INT. WAREHOUSE BAGS OF RUBBLE. Chris grabs the aerosol can and throws it towards the AR1 boxes. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank sees the aerosol go over. 64.
68) 0) text: Chris crawls out from his cover towards the South pillar. moves methodically forward. Pulling himself along. He loo back to the AR18 Boxes. The small explosion hadn’t done m damage. He looks ahead and sees Frank and Stevo at the pillar. Frank is beckoning him in. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris is pulled behind the pillar by Frank and Stevo. Chr is exhausted. Frank grabs his head and hugs him.
68) 1) dialog: You mad bastard.
68) 3) dialog: Yeah. Chris looks round and sees Justine by the low wall. She l back and smiles.
69) 5) dialog: I’1l go.
69) 7) dialog: I’ve already got you shot when I was supposed to be looking out for you.
69) 9) dialog: It’s not you I am worried about, it’s my sister. I promised her you would be alright.
69) 11) dialog: I am going... I am the only one fit enough. Chris and Frank look at each other. There’s an understand Chris looks at the lay of the land.
69) 13) dialog: Sure. What have they got. Automatics and revolvers... it’s too far for a shot. He smiles winningly. The other two men are not so sure.
71) 0) text: Vernon crawls out to the back of the van. He looks over t the South pillar. He holds his leg and grimaces. He sees Frank making his way out. He holds his pistol up. It’s he We see the gun wobbling about. Vernon tries to steady it. can’t do it. He opens the cylinder to look at how many sh he has. He frowns. He puts his hand in his pocket and fin couple of bullets. He reloads his gun. He looks over and can see Frank is further away. He takes aim. He has even less chance of hitting him now. He looks on in frustration. Vernon holsters his pistol an with a nervous look over to the South pillar he prepares crawl. He looks back to Ord. Ord has his pistol aimed at pillar. He urges Vernon on with his eyes. Vernon lays as close to the ground as he can and starts t shuffle out from behind the cover of the van.
72) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. There is no movement. He lo back to Vernon who is now about 6 foot clear of the van. looks over to Frank in the distance. He notices movement behind the pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris watches from behind the pillar as Vernon is crawlin He takes aim. Stevo sees him too.
73) 0) text: Frank grunts as he crawls. He uses his arms to pull his b along, dragging his legs behind him. He has a steady pace now. He is pushing through detritus on the floor. Cartons abandoned refuge bags. He is huffing and puffing. He stop for a moment and looks over his shoulder. In the distance can see Vernon. He turns and looks toward the stairs. The lay about 500 meters away. Between him and the stairs are many obstacles. 68.
74) 4) dialog: 
83) 0) text: Frank keeps on going. He can see the stairs now. He looks back and can see smoke blowing across from the shoot out.
84) 0) text: Harry crawls towards Martin. He stops for a moment watchi the South pillar and then moves on a bit more. INT. WAREHOUSE FAR PILLAR. Vernon looks at Frank. He checks his pistol again. He tak aim and tries to support his hand. Again, he can’t do it. Vernon holsters his pistol then starts out again.
85) 0) text: Frank keeps moving. He looks back and can see Vernon in t distance. He winces and looks down at his hand. 71. It’s got a syringe sticking in it. It’s gone in quite dee He winces as he pulls it out and throws it to one side. T warehouse has obviously hosted junkies at some point. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry gets over to Martins’ body. He turns him over. He h been shot in the head. Harry goes through his pockets try to find the keys to the van. Harry looks around and spots briefcase with the MONEY. He looks back to Ord. Ord shrug What are you waiting for?
86) 0) text: Frank arrives at the stairs. He looks up them. There is a steep flight then a landing, then they go up again. It mi as well be the north face of the Eiger. Frank hauls himse up the first step.
86) 1) dialog: Come on boy... Frank pulls himself up. INT. WAREHOUSE TOWARDS THE STAIRS. Vernon is moving through the dirt towards the stairs. He the syringes. He manages not to get stuck by them.
90) 0) text: Frank is crawling up the stairs. Stair after stair. He st every couple to rest a little. His world has been reduced down to a stairwell. He stops again and passes out.
94) 0) text: Frank opens his eyes. He looks around panicking. How long he been unconscious? He moves forward.
95) 0) text: Vernon gets around the corner of the stairs, looks up and sees Frank at the top. He pulls out his pistol. It gets caught in his jacket.
96) 0) text: Frank gets to the landing of the stairs and starts to tur He sees Vernon at the bottom. He sees him trying to get h pistol out. Frank moves faster kicking his way forward. Vernon fires and misses. Plaster explodes out of the wall
97) 0) text: Frank gets around the side of the stairs and pulls out hi pistol. He gets his breath.
102) 0) text: Frank looks around the corner carefully. He sees that Ver has backed up. He looks up the next flight of stairs. He his pistol away and prepares for the next flight. He starts climbing.
104) 0) text: Frank gets to the top of the stairs and moves forwards. H slides on the floor. Blood smearing behind him. He scoots around into an open office.
105) 0) text: Frank shuffles into the office. There are a few desks. He can’t see over them. He moves forward and grabs a roller chair and tries to pull himself up so he can see if the p is in there. The first desk he tries is difficult. The ch slides from under him and he collapses on the floor. He curses. He turns the chair over and tries again. He gets the level of the desk and sees nothing. Frank grits his t in disappointment. 76. He looks around to the other desk and sees a phone. He ki with his foot to wheel his chair over to it. He grabs the phone and picks it up. It’s dead. He throws it to one sid He moves to get out of the room.
107) 0) text: Vernon gets to the top of the stairs. He looks down the corridor and sees the blood trail. He pulls his pistol an takes aim to get Frank as he comes out of the office. He hear Martin howling in the warehouse.
108) 0) text: Frank waits breathing in shallow breaths. He looks to the door. He looks around the room and sees a paint pot. He g it, cleans it and pushes it out into the corridor.
110) 0) text: Frank looks at the shiny reflection on the paint pot.
110) 1) dialog: I can see you...
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
116) 0) text: Frank looks around the office. Its constructed mainly of plasterboard. He looks to the corner of the room near the door. He aims his pistol at the plaster and fires.
118) 0) text: Frank moves over towards the wall on far side. He uses hi good foot to kick his way through. He climbs into the hol has made and makes his way into the next office. 78.
120) 0) text: Frank crawls through the partition. It’s very dusty and f of pipes. Frank makes his way through the partition looki for an easy way through to the next room. There is an explosion as Vernon fires his gun. A beam of light sudden appears where the bullet has passed through the plaster b
120) 1) dialog: Oh Fuck. Frank scrambles for his life. He moves through the cablin and starts to kick his way through the next wall. There is another shot and another beam of light streaks through the tight space. Frank starts to panic. The cable wrap around him and he kicks and thrashes trying to get o of the way of the bullets. He starts to cough in the dust Frank wedges himself between the brick work and the plasterboard and starts to kick with his good leg. He sma his way through to the next office and pulls himself thro the small hole.
123) 0) text: Frank looks around and sees that he is in a store room. H crawls through the boxes and mops. He stops for a moment exhausted. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine grabs the door handle and twists it. The door ope and she makes her way through. She closes the door behind her. She breathes for a moment. Then she starts on toward the next door. 79. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon moves on through the door and into the corridor. H sees the door at the far end closing. He curses and tries move faster. He gets up and drags himself along.
125) 0) text: Frank breathes shallow breathes as he sees a shadow move across the bottom of the door.
126) 0) text: Vernon tries the door. It’s locked. Suddenly the door explodes as Frank fires through it. Ver returns fire trying to match the trajectory. Dust and plaster fill the corridor.
127) 0) text: Inside the office, dust explodes as Frank shoots it out w Vernon. INT. WAREHOUSE UPSTAIRS. Vernon gets hit in the arm. He fires back blindly.
128) 0) text: Frank keeps firing until he runs out of bullets. Frank looks around him and notices the ground is wet. He sniffs the liquid. It’s some kind of cleaning fluid solve He looks low through the door and can just about make out Vernon. He grabs some more bottles of industrial solvent and pour them under the door.
133) 0) text: Frank pours more of the liquid through. He holds a handkerchief to his mouth.
135) 0) text: Frank crawls over to the wall and starts to kick it throu He smashes it in and crawls through the hole. He lights t solvent slick as he leaves. A small blue flame rushes acr the floor and under the door.
137) 0) text: Frank smashes his way into the third office. He lays ther gasping as he hears Vernon screaming.
140) 0) text: Frank finally sees the phone and crawls towards it. He smiles. It’s like completing a marathon.
142) 0) text: Frank to the phone and picks up the reciever There is a volley of shots through the office door. The g paneling falls away to reveal Vernon. Gunsmoke drifts fro his pistol. Frank collapses to the ground DEAD. The phones dead tone can be heard: DRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
146) 0) text: Steve looks up and sees the staircase. He starts to climb makes a better job of it than Frank. Chris looks over the top of the stairs. He sees Vernon at end of the corridor. He looks like he might be dead. Chris takes aim at the man. He checks his ammo. Two shots puts the pistol back in its holster. He starts the long journey. Slowly moving hand over hand making his way forward.
148) 0) text: Vernon is not dead. But he is very badly injured. He is breathing but in a very shallow fashion. We see Chris in distance moving towards him. Vernon opens his eyes for a moment and looks at the shot door that was between him and Frank.
161) 0) text: Chris kicks in the door to the office. He crawls in throu the hole. He looks seems to beat, He over and 87. up and is startled to see the dead body of Frank. He be staring into space. Chris looks at him for a can’t believe it’s ended like this. He shuffles closes Franks eyes. Chris recites a poem.