6) 0) text: Inside the van sits Gordon: 32. Shoulder length hair. Lea jacket. Harry: 27. Baby faced. Bomber jacket. Harry is picking his knuckles. They are grazed from fighting. Gord watches out of the corner of his eye.
6) 2) dialog: Yeah, thanks.
6) 4) dialog: Sure. They would have squawked. signal.
6) 6) dialog: Long enough. Your energy is very jumpy. Can you ratchet it down a couple of notches.
6) 8) dialog: To load some boxes?
6) 10) dialog: You need to wash those knuckles you will get an infection.
6) 12) dialog: That’s the sign. 25. The or Gordan starts up the van. John Denver starts up on the 8 track.
6) 13) dialog: You like John Denver?
8) 0) text: The van rolls in. It comes to a stop. The two men get out They walk around the back of the truck and start unloadin One of the men looks at Stevo. He walks around the van. Martin opens the back door with a key on his key chain. T two men (Gordon and Harry) Start lugging out the boxes. T are about 0.5 ft by 3ft wooden containers with rope handl Martin takes the van keys from Harry and pockets them. Soon there is a pile of boxes. Gordon and Harry are sweat slightly. Harry is eyeing Stevo.
8) 18) dialog: What’s the matter with you?
8) 20) dialog: Cops?
8) 22) dialog: You better get your shit together because we are in a serious situation here... Just chill out. Around the front of the van the deal is coming to a close
8) 27) dialog: Harry...
8) 30) dialog: Shut up Harry.
12) 0) text: A bullet smacks into Franks’ arm, spinning him round. Chr turns his head and sees the flash of the carbine for the first time. Bernie cowers behind the pillar. Bullets chasing through air. Gordon clambers too his feet and looks for an exit. 37.
13) 0) text: Vernon dives out of the way. Harry tries to shield himsel from the incoming gunfire. It’s chaos. The initial pistol shoot-out is superceded by the introduction of much great fire power. The Ml Carbine fire continues in bursts of three. A shot wide and hits Gordon in the leg. He is spun around and collapses to the ground again.
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
32) 0) text: Gordon sees Stevo moving through the wheels of the van. H looks down on the floor and sees a chunk of his own ear. looks back to Stevo.
32) 1) dialog: Hey you fucker... Where are you going? He aims his pistol and fires. A bullet skids into the concrete floor near Stevo. Stevo keeps moving. Gordon starts crawling towards him.
32) 3) dialog: Son of a bitch... shot me... Gordon crawls to the van. Stevo is crawling away. Gordon crawls out to get a shot at Stevo. He takes aim. Frank takes a shot at him and makes him ret behind the wheel.
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
37) 0) text: Gordon is watching as things play out. He holds his bleed head. He can see Howie.
89) 2) dialog: What 72.
89) 4) dialog: You were all for letting her go
89) 6) dialog: Why don’t you go? I came here to drive and move boxes.
89) 8) dialog: What do I get out of it?
89) 10) dialog: Half the money...
93) 0) text: Gordon is crawling; following Justine.
99) 0) text: Gordon follows with grim determination. He sees Justine bobbing up and down in the distance.
114) 0) text: Gordon is following Justine. He stops for a moment as he hears the gunfire.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
123) 0) text: Frank looks around and sees that he is in a store room. H crawls through the boxes and mops. He stops for a moment exhausted. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine grabs the door handle and twists it. The door ope and she makes her way through. She closes the door behind her. She breathes for a moment. Then she starts on toward the next door. 79. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon moves on through the door and into the corridor. H sees the door at the far end closing. He curses and tries move faster. He gets up and drags himself along.
139) 0) text: Ord watches the shoot out between Chris and Martin. He ta aim but can’t get a clear shot of either of them. We can he is weighing up the odds. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon pushes the door open and starts to make his way in raises his pistol attempting to protect himself. Justine fires. The first shot is wide and hits the door. Gordon f blindly and the shot pings into the wall. Justine fires h last bullet and hits Gordon in the shoulder. He rolls ove and drops his pistol. It skitters across the floor. The smoke settles for a minute.
141) 0) text: Martin empties the Garrand and drops it. He touches his h again. He is feeling dizzy. 82. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Gordon coughs. He looks around. He is dazed. Justine look the pistol. It’s closer to her than it is him. She starts shuffling towards it. Gordon turns angrily and starts moving towards it. The tw them move towards the gun.
141) 1) dialog: You get away from that. Justine has her 38 in her fist. Gordon gets to the pistol before Justine. He grabs at it. Justine brings the 38 dow hard on Gordan’s fingers. He screams and she hits him aga His fingers are broken. His pistol skitters away even further. Justine looks over to it and then back to Gordon Gordon realizes what she is thinking and jumps forward wi all his might. He grabs at her and they grapple on the fl Justine smacks her 38 into his wounded head. His hands cr over her face trying to smother her. She bashes at his he with the gun like it’s a hammer. She reaches out for the other pistol. Gordon uses his other arm to choke her. Justine bites int his broken fingers. He screams. Justine spits out a finge She grabs the pistol and shoots Gordon in the face. He fa back looking shocked. Blood runs down his face from a hol below his eye. He breathes heavily as he looks at her. Sh fires again and kills him. Gordon falls to the ground.
144) 0) text: Vernon lowers his gun. His breathing is shallow now. He s there and doesn't move. He is very burnt. He is done. The fire dies out. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine looks at the magazine of Gordon’s gun. 6 shots le She holsters her 38 after wiping the blood off it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris sits, looking back up at where the gunshots have co from. He shakes his head slowly.
145) 0) text: Ord watches as Chris moves off towards the stairs. He loo around. He’s lost Gordon and he can’t see Harry.