6) 0) text: Inside the van sits Gordon: 32. Shoulder length hair. Lea jacket. Harry: 27. Baby faced. Bomber jacket. Harry is picking his knuckles. They are grazed from fighting. Gord watches out of the corner of his eye.
6) 3) dialog: We've been here ages. Maybe something has gone wrong.
6) 5) dialog: How long have you worked for Vernon?
6) 7) dialog: Sure. I’m just ready I guess...
6) 9) dialog: No... just peeeewwwwww ready. Gordon rolls his eyes.
6) 11) dialog: I was in a fight. The walky squawks.
6) 14) dialog: Sure 26.
8) 0) text: The van rolls in. It comes to a stop. The two men get out They walk around the back of the truck and start unloadin One of the men looks at Stevo. He walks around the van. Martin opens the back door with a key on his key chain. T two men (Gordon and Harry) Start lugging out the boxes. T are about 0.5 ft by 3ft wooden containers with rope handl Martin takes the van keys from Harry and pockets them. Soon there is a pile of boxes. Gordon and Harry are sweat slightly. Harry is eyeing Stevo.
8) 19) dialog: I don’t know. I think I know those guys.
8) 21) dialog: No.. From last night..
8) 28) dialog: I know you.
8) 32) dialog: Yeah.
8) 34) dialog: Yeah I do. Martin takes a small look to the far pillars.
8) 36) dialog: This is the guy that hit us last night at Harlequins. Him and his buddy there. Bernie shifts uncomfortably. There is a pause. Frank looks up. Chris looks carefully a Harry.
8) 43) dialog: Last night there was a fight in Harlequins. Started by this guy and his friends. My cousin, Sally Perigan. She was bottled. She's still in the hospital Frank grimaces. Justine looks to Stevo. She’s not happy a what she is hearing Bernie looks blank. Chris looks at Or Looks at Ord’s hands. Frank talks very slowly and deliberately.
8) 46) dialog: Her face is fucked up... Vernon smiles in a fatherly way.
8) 49) dialog: He ground the glass into her face.
8) 51) dialog: Was he all banged up after last night?
8) 56) dialog: YOU FUCKING SHIT. I’LL KILL
8) 62) dialog: Okay... that’s okay... Harry goes to walk away. He talks quietly. Defeated. 33.
8) 63) dialog: She was only 17. Stevo watches Harry walk away
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
13) 0) text: Vernon dives out of the way. Harry tries to shield himsel from the incoming gunfire. It’s chaos. The initial pistol shoot-out is superceded by the introduction of much great fire power. The Ml Carbine fire continues in bursts of three. A shot wide and hits Gordon in the leg. He is spun around and collapses to the ground again.
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
19) 0) text: Ord turns to fire at Harry. Bang bang bang INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris makes it to the pillar and looks around it to see w Jimmy is.
20) 0) text: Stevo hits the ground. He holds his leg. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is wiping his eyes. He has blood pouring down his f INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris takes careful aim with the AR18 and fires. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is shot through the chest and falls to the ground. INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris turns to look at the situation. Harry fires at Just
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
25) 0) text: Harry shuffles backwards towards a concrete pillar. He tu and looks at the situation. He is caked in blood. He look see how much ammo he has. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine gets her lighter out of her pocket and puts it wi the collected contents of her handbag.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
27) 2) dialog: I’m hit.
28) 0) text: Frank makes his way toward the south pillar. He manages t get onto one foot and stagger towards it. Harry fires at him. The shot goes way wide.
36) 0) text: Ord is moving about dragging bags of rubble over and putt them up against the AR18 boxes. Harry watches from his position by the van. Harry shouts to Stevo and whoever is listening.
36) 1) dialog: 
39) 0) text: Harry takes a feeble shot at Chris. The shot whines past.
41) 0) text: Frank fires back at Harry. Chris approaches Franks pillar falls in behind it. INT. WAREHOUSE. Howie is still laying on his front. No amount of medical is going to help him. He licks his bloody lips trying to talk. 54.
63) 0) text: Ord and Harry take it in turns to shoot at Chris.
74) 5) dialog: 
75) 2) dialog: Yeah.
75) 4) dialog: That’s pretty dangerous Ord. Ord looks at him in a way that Harry knows that he doesn' have a choice in the matter. Harry weighs up the threat. looks around and sees Gordon. Gordon looks at him with wi eyes. He looks back at Ord. He turns and starts to crawl back towards the van. It’s a 10 meters of open ground. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris is watching the progress of Vernon
78) 0) text: Harry ducks and cowers as the shots start flying again. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Brick shatters from the pillar. Shots are coming from bot sides. Chris pulls Stevo down to the ground.
81) 0) text: Harry makes it to the back of the van. He pulls the handl on the door. Nothing. He tries again. It’s locked. He looks depressed. He looks desperately to Chris... Then Martins’ body.
82) 0) text: Ord looks over to Harry. Ord is trying to stop the bleedi from his new wound. He gestures to Harry to open the door Harry shrugs and makes a carkey mime. Ord looks over to where Martins lays. And then he looks back to Harry. Harry shakes his head. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Stevo scramble on the floor. Chris is punching Stevo in the head. They thrash about - each man not stron enough to get the better of the other. Chris reaches down and grabs Stevo’s leg and forces his fingers into the bullet wound. He squeezes. Stevo screams passes out. The fight is over. Chris sits for a moment panting. He sh his head in disbelief.
84) 0) text: Harry crawls towards Martin. He stops for a moment watchi the South pillar and then moves on a bit more. INT. WAREHOUSE FAR PILLAR. Vernon looks at Frank. He checks his pistol again. He tak aim and tries to support his hand. Again, he can’t do it. Vernon holsters his pistol then starts out again.
85) 0) text: Frank keeps moving. He looks back and can see Vernon in t distance. He winces and looks down at his hand. 71. It’s got a syringe sticking in it. It’s gone in quite dee He winces as he pulls it out and throws it to one side. T warehouse has obviously hosted junkies at some point. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry gets over to Martins’ body. He turns him over. He h been shot in the head. Harry goes through his pockets try to find the keys to the van. Harry looks around and spots briefcase with the MONEY. He looks back to Ord. Ord shrug What are you waiting for?
100) 0) text: Harry is going through Martins’ pockets. Suddenly Martin springs to life. Harry looks at the wound in the side of head. He can see bits of bone and brain.
100) 2) dialog: Van keys? 74.
100) 4) dialog: Where are the van keys?
100) 6) dialog: You are hurt. Keep still.
100) 8) dialog: Keys?
103) 0) text: Harry starts rummaging through Martins’ pockets more aggressively.
103) 2) dialog: You were shot.
103) 4) dialog: Keys?
129) 0) text: Harry watches Martin moving about. He looks over to the briefcase with the money in. He looks over to Ord’s posit and then to the van 80.
143) 0) text: Martin looks around wildly. He sees the money and makes a beeline for it. He marches over and grabs it. Harry watches from his position. Chris watches from the pillar. 83. Martin looks up at the sunlight and is mesmerized for a moment. He starts to walk. Not in the right direction. He walks manically. Slowly he starts to wind down. His walki gets slower. He eventually stops and drops the briefcase.
145) 0) text: Ord watches as Chris moves off towards the stairs. He loo around. He’s lost Gordon and he can’t see Harry.
145) 2) dialog: Harry pops his head up from behind a low wall. He sees Ch crawling. There’s a gun shot from Stevo and Ord is forced down again.
167) 0) text: Chris has heard Learys’ voice. He makes his way towards t window. He can see Leary. He spots what’s about to happen. Harry hiding behind a pillar. Chris bangs on the glass.
167) 4) dialog: Yeah I got him. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord looks over to Harry. He looks over to the stairs. He wonders if Chris will come back now. 90.
169) 0) text: Harry goes through Leary’s pockets. He can’t find anythin worth keeping. Harry lays there for a moment thinking. He grabs the money. Harry pulls himself towards the Chevy.
169) 2) dialog: Come on, come on... He tries to fortify himself. There is only him now and th task. He slides forward about an inch with each effort. Behind him he leaves a slick of blood.
171) 0) text: Harry arrives at the van. He huffs and puffs heavily. He rolls himself onto one side and uses the van as a backsto slide himself upright. He looks around woozily. He knows he is very vulnerable at this point. He also knows he has choice. This is going to happen. He hesitantly reaches up with his hand. It touches the cool metal of the van. He reaches up further and his hand gently touches the door handle.
172) 0) text: Ord takes aim with his automatic. He tracks Harry between crosshairs of this pistol. He pulls the trigger. CLICK gl. The gun has jammed. Ord puts the safety on and drops the He turns the gun over but nothing drops out. He pulls the rack back and sees that two bullets have jammed in the breach. He tries unblock them but they are totally stuck. He grimaces. Fuck. He starts to strip the gun down.
173) 0) text: Harry grasps the handle. He waits a moment then flexes hi muscle to see if he can lift himself from the ground. He grimaces. Its going to be a massive effort.
173) 1) dialog: One, two, three... He pulls himself onto his knee. Then slides up the side o the van door. He sees himself in the wing mirror. Like a ghost. He is standing now. Holding himself up with the do and wedging himself in with his good leg.
174) 0) text: Chris falls a couple of stairs. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord is putting the pistol back together. He is almost the He looks up and sees Harry at the van.
175) 0) text: Harry licks his lips and digs in his pocket for the van k He retrieves them and slots them in the door lock. He qui turns and hears the door click open. He pushes with his weight to get the door to swing open. He takes the keys out of the door lock and puts them in h pocket. He grabs the briefcase with the money and throws it in th van. Harry shuffles around the open door and crawls up a step toward the cab. He crouches in the well of the door step then forces him self up into the seat. He lays for a mome with his legs dangling out of the van. He looks towards t driving seat and steering wheel. 92. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord finishes putting together his pistol. He takes aim. H pulls the trigger. Nothing. He still has the safety on. H clicks it and takes aim again.
176) 0) text: Harry starts to crawl across the two seats in the cab tow the driving seat. As he struggles his feet bash against t door of the van The wind shield shatters as Ord fires at the van. Glass covers Harry. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is winking in and out of consciousness. He hears Or firing. He sees Harry’s feet sticking out of the van.
177) 0) text: Harry wriggles across the seats and grabs the steering wh with his right hand. He pulls himself forward. His feet disappear into the Chevy. The side window shatters as ano bullet hits it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo realizes that his chance has gone. He drops his pis down for a moment conserving energy. He looks very pale.
178) 0) text: Harry gets into the drivers seat and puts his hand in his pocket to get the ignition key. As he pulls his hand out see it is slick with blood. He tries to select the igniti key from the bunch. His hands are slippery and it takes h few attempts to separate the keys. He finally finds the k and puts it in the ignition. He turns it. 93. The engine grinds into life. Harry allows himself a littl smile. He is very weak now. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo leans out from behind the pillar and fires.
179) 0) text: The windshield breaks again as Stevo shoots it. Shot low exits the roof of the van. Harry tries to dodge but it’s of a reflex action. Harry puts the van into gear and the deck jumps into life. John Denver’s “Annie’s Song” (this is followed by "It’s Up to You" "Cool an' Green an' Shady" "Eclipse") Harry puts his foot down on the accelerator and lurches forward. A second bullet hits Harry in the chest. He slumps back i his seat and grips the steering wheel. The Chevy is now moving at a snails pace. Harry slumps over the wheel. The Chevy starts to turn toward the South pillar in a lazy wi circle. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is finding his range now. He takes another shot. Th puts a hole through the side of the Chevy.
180) 0) text: Harry is hit and slumps forward. The Chevy rolls on ina circle. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo watches as the van moves slowly around the pillar. a wide arc maybe 1000 metres. He sees Harry inside the va trying to raise his pistol. The van starts to come closer an elliptical circle. Closer and closer. Stevo can hear t music now getting louder as the van get closer.
181) 0) text: Harry is holding on for dear life. He rests his gun on th door and fires at Stevo. He misses. The music is very lou the van. 94.
183) 0) text: Harry is dead, the van keeps going.
185) 0) text: Water hits Justine’s face she comes too. She looks up and sees the water pouring over the warehouse. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry slumps off the stearing wheel and the the Chevy cha direction. It drives towards the far wall and stops. The music still plays. Blood drips from underneath the truck, drip - drip and then stops.