9) 0) text: Jimmy 40. Slim, black jacket, steps out of the shadows wi his Ml carbine. He licks his fingers and wets the iron si at the end of his rifle. He watches for a moment as shots fired in the distance. Gunsmoke is gathering in the air. looks nervous; this wasn’t the plan. He looks to the far of the warehouse and sees a second rifle man... Howie.
10) 0) text: Far away from the action we find Howie. 53. Pot bellied. White whiskers. Dark hunting jacket. He takes aim with an Garrand. He looks stressed. He looks over to Jimmy's position. Is this what they should be doing? We see down his iron sight. In the distance we see the gu battle.
14) 1) dialog: This isn’t what we arranged.... Fuck fuck... Howie squeezes his trigger. His Ml Garrand fires. The sou is very distinctive. CHANK ting CHANK ting
15) 0) text: Chris hears the whine of Howies’ missed shot. He turns an makes eye contact with Ord. Ord looks at him from behind the AR18 boxes. They are the only two who know what’s happening. They are in a crossfi Chris gestures to Ord ‘What the fuck is this?’
16) 0) text: The first shot chips concrete that goes into Jimmys’ eyes staggers back and stops firing. INT. WAREHOUSE. Ord fires at Howie. Howie is further off than Jimmy. The round cracks loud. A spent cartridge pings out of the rif
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
18) 0) text: Howie returns fire. CHANK CHANK.
22) 0) text: Howie fires wildly. He is panicking. AR18 rounds are zing around his position.
22) 1) dialog: Goddamn. He loses his nerve and makes a run for the far door. Howi old, fat and out of shape... he huffs and puffs.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
34) 31) dialog: 
34) 35) dialog: 
34) 38) dialog: I’M SHOT...
34) 41) dialog: 
34) 47) dialog: 
36) 14) dialog: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhbhhhhhbhhhhhrgh. Vernon stops and frowns.
36) 16) dialog: Yeah... that you Vern?
36) 18) dialog: It was a score... I didn’t know it would be you.
36) 20) dialog: I've been hit bad Vern.. You gotta call an ambulance.
36) 22) dialog: You promise you will get me some help? 53.
36) 25) dialog: I suppose it’s academic now. Justine looks over and she can see Howie in the distance.
37) 0) text: Gordon is watching as things play out. He holds his bleed head. He can see Howie.
40) 0) text: Vernon is talking to Howie.
41) 0) text: Frank fires back at Harry. Chris approaches Franks pillar falls in behind it. INT. WAREHOUSE. Howie is still laying on his front. No amount of medical is going to help him. He licks his bloody lips trying to talk. 54.
41) 1) dialog: Vern.. VERN.. Suddenly two shots ring out. HOWIE IS SHOT IN THE HEAD. H rolls over obviously dead.
42) 2) dialog: Ord rubs his face. This is a fucked up situation. Vernon ducks back down.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
121) 0) text: Martin is kicking Howies body.
130) 0) text: Martin kneels down at Howie’s body his head in his hands.