9) 0) text: Jimmy 40. Slim, black jacket, steps out of the shadows wi his Ml carbine. He licks his fingers and wets the iron si at the end of his rifle. He watches for a moment as shots fired in the distance. Gunsmoke is gathering in the air. looks nervous; this wasn’t the plan. He looks to the far of the warehouse and sees a second rifle man... Howie.
10) 0) text: Far away from the action we find Howie. 53. Pot bellied. White whiskers. Dark hunting jacket. He takes aim with an Garrand. He looks stressed. He looks over to Jimmy's position. Is this what they should be doing? We see down his iron sight. In the distance we see the gu battle.
16) 0) text: The first shot chips concrete that goes into Jimmys’ eyes staggers back and stops firing. INT. WAREHOUSE. Ord fires at Howie. Howie is further off than Jimmy. The round cracks loud. A spent cartridge pings out of the rif
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
19) 0) text: Ord turns to fire at Harry. Bang bang bang INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris makes it to the pillar and looks around it to see w Jimmy is.
20) 0) text: Stevo hits the ground. He holds his leg. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is wiping his eyes. He has blood pouring down his f INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris takes careful aim with the AR18 and fires. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is shot through the chest and falls to the ground. INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris turns to look at the situation. Harry fires at Just
24) 0) text: Jimmy opens his eyes. He is laying on his back. Blood is pouring out of his chest. He tries to rub the blood from his eyes. Jimmy POV. We see he is partially blind
24) 1) dialog: Oh Christ. He rubs his eyes. He finds a tap and pours some water and cleans his eyes. He sees he is bleeding profusely. He tri to get to his feet. He can’t. He sees he has dropped the carbine a way away.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
150) 0) text: Back inside the main warehouse. Justine looks around. She see the van and the AR18 Boxes. She moves away from them towards Jimmy’s pillar.
160) 0) text: Up ahead, Justine can see the fallen body of Jimmy. She crawls over towards him.
162) 0) text: Justine gets to the pillar. She picks up Jimmy’s carbine drags it with her. Jimmy’s body is propped up in the corn He is DEAD. In his hand the picture of his wife and kids. Justine goes through his pockets. She hears a smashing no and looks up. She can see Ord ripping out the telephone junction from the wall.
165) 0) text: Justine picks up the Ml carbine and lays on the ground an takes aim. She looks down the iron sight. She swipes the carbine across from the AR18 boxes to where she felt the sound was coming from. She sees Ord in the distance. He i standing by a cable box. She takes aim but too late he dr out of view. Black INT.WAREHOUSE JIMMY’S PILLAR Justine opens her eyes. She has passed out. She struggles bring herself around. Her eyes start to droop. She is pas out again. Her head nods down. Unconscious. Blood leaks f underneath her. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. Leary enters through the dead-locked door. He sees Gordan body on the floor. He stops in his tracks. He pulls his pistol and looks around. He finds a bit of wood and prods at the body. He examines wounds in his head. He looks back to the door. This is a life or death situat Move forward or run away. Leary is just not the sort to g back. He carefully moves towards the next door. He sees t blood and bullet marks on it. He sees the blood drag marks on the floor. 89.