0) 3) dialog: It’s okay Frank. We have ten minutes yet. Frank shakes his head and looks at his watch. Chris shrug He speaks with a Dublin accent.
0) 8) dialog: How long have you two been married?
0) 19) dialog: Yes.
0) 31) dialog: I'm Swedish Chris smiles.
0) 37) dialog: Back to Ireland?
0) 40) dialog: Boston?
0) 42) dialog: Sure. She isn’t giving anything away from behind her sunglasses Frank smiles and lights up. He wants to go home. He watch stray dog nosing around in some rubbish.
0) 77) dialog: ..-and he’s meant to be looking after you?
1) 26) dialog: No
1) 28) dialog: What are you doing? Trying to rub my nose in it?
1) 30) dialog: Because of what? Because I’m a woman? 10.
1) 32) dialog: Oh I see... okay
1) 34) dialog: Does it ever work?
1) 36) dialog: This. The humiliation routine.
1) 38) dialog: You're going to tell me all about the horrors of your life, while trying to get into my underwear. That kind of thing. Chris thinks
1) 40) dialog: And this works?
1) 42) dialog: Show me your haunted. Chris does haunted
1) 43) dialog: That’s more retarded.
1) 45) dialog: Picking up my kid. Cooking dinner. Not hanging out with terrorists. 11.
1) 47) dialog: Sorry.. Stop ! That’s part of it... Chris drops the sad look and smiles. Justine lights a cigarette.
1) 49) dialog: Yup. Justine puffs on her cigarette. Frank gets into the car followed by Stevo. Chris looks at Stevo’s black eye. Frank looks at Stevo’s in the mirror. He purses his lips. Chris points at the bl eye using the minimum of effort.
1) 67) dialog: You are married?
1) 75) dialog: Sure Justine pulls out a compact. Stevo works out what’s about be asked.
1) 84) dialog: It’s my super power. Chris watches Frank apply the make up to Stevo he shakes head. Stevo notices and pouts. 14.
1) 86) dialog: Here he comes. We see a guy shambling out of the shadows. He moves towar the car. Good looking, longish hair as is the fashion. Su jacket. Blue jeans: His name is Ord. Frank slaps Stevo’s cheeks.
1) 89) dialog: Hey Ord.
1) 91) dialog: Yeah.
3) 7) dialog: Okay, let’s wrap this up Ord. Ord whistles. A metal shutter rolls up at the far end of warehouse. Two figures enter. Martin Kargo and Vernon Jeffries. Martin is thin and wiry. Vernon is thick set wi heavy moustache. Vernon is carrying a rifle bag. Their footsteps echo around the space. They approach.
3) 9) dialog: Vernon Vernon unzips the bag and pulls out an AR18 automatic rif He puts it on the table. Frank watches him carefully. The AR18 looks like a standard machine gun. Same characterist as an M16. Black and dangerous looking.
5) 0) text: Frank frowns and starts negotiating. Justine watches Chri 23.
5) 17) dialog: I'd buy a cabin back home.
5) 19) dialog: I like it here, but, it’s just moving through y’know.
7) 6) dialog: My father had a gun shop in Sweden. I’ve known the Corsican since I was kid. They know the Corsican, so we are all friends.
7) 8) dialog: I grew up with them. How about you?
8) 3) dialog: Agneth.
8) 7) dialog: Do you think I’m stupid?
8) 9) dialog: Stop pretending to be interested in my kid.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
21) 0) text: Justine is shot in the arm. She shoots him back low. He i shot in the leg. He returns fire and shoots her in the th She falls to the ground. 40.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
25) 0) text: Harry shuffles backwards towards a concrete pillar. He tu and looks at the situation. He is caked in blood. He look see how much ammo he has. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine gets her lighter out of her pocket and puts it wi the collected contents of her handbag.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
30) 0) text: Justine rips her trouser. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Chris gets himself together from behind his pillar. He lo about and assesses the situation. He looks at his 38. 5 s left. He looks over to Justine as he hears the ripping of her trousers.
30) 3) dialog: Yes.
30) 5) dialog: I’m hit in the leg... Chris shuffles over to her position. Using the low wall a cover.
31) 0) text: Ord looks over his wounds. He goes through his pockets. H finds a hip flask. He opens it and sniffs it. He smiles. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine looks at the wound in her leg. She sees that it’s and out. She picks the bits of trouser out of the wound w a pair of tweezers. Chris crawls into view.
31) 2) dialog: I don’t know.. They were waiting though.
31) 7) dialog: Independents I’d say. Maybe they got wind of the deal? Justine pulls a needle out of her bag
31) 9) dialog: No.. I don’t think so.. Justine uses the dental floss to stitch her leg together. Chris looks on in amazement.
31) 10) dialog: I was trained as a nurse... She uses a sanitary napkin as a bandage. Chris is impress She looks at his wounds. She squirts some perfume at his wound.
31) 11) dialog: This looks okay.. just clipped you. She pulls up his trouser.
31) 12) dialog: This is bad though. Chris looks at her sadly and smiles. She pokes around at bit more.
31) 13) dialog: Looks straight through... She starts to make a bandage for him. She stitches up the gash in his side. He grits his teeth as the needle goes i
31) 14) dialog: Such a baby. 46. She ties the leg wound tight with a bandage.
31) 15) dialog: This is going to go septic in about 48 hours...
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
34) 0) text: Justine peers over the top of her wall. She sees Ord pop head over the AR18 crates and look about.
34) 1) dialog: 
34) 4) dialog: 
34) 8) dialog: 
35) 0) text: Chris and Justine lay next to one another. 50.
35) 2) dialog: Ord is an ex-military guy they bring in to have a bit of sensible muscle. Martin and Vernon are the connections. I deal through their boss. The kids I dont know.
35) 4) dialog: He wont panic.. The others...
35) 6) dialog: Where are you going?
35) 8) dialog: Why would you leave me here?
35) 10) dialog: Can think you can win?
35) 12) dialog: You think you have the most reason to live?
35) 14) dialog: Money can mean a lot of things. It can mean freedom. People will do anything for freedom. Justine looks shaky. 51.
35) 16) dialog: It’s too late for that. Chris starts to make his way over to the South pillar.
43) 0) text: Chris collapses on the ground exhausted. He props him sel and looks back to Justine. She looks back at him and smil weakly. He nods back and turns to Frank.
47) 5) dialog: 
48) 1) dialog: 
51) 3) dialog: 
53) 0) text: Justine crawls. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris looks around and sees a trolley. He grabs it and pu it over. He sees a bag of rubble. They pile it on the trolley.
56) 0) text: Justine watches as Chris makes his advance. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank makes them count. Stevo aims and fires. Frank stops Stevo firing. 62.
59) 0) text: Justine starts to crawl back to the low wall. She looks o to Chris. She knows he is risking his life for hers.
62) 0) text: Vernon fires blindly. Ord doesn’t look so confident. He looks round and sees Justine disappearing behind a pillar on the west side. He realizes the plan. INT. WAREHOUSE COLLAPSED TROLLEY. Chris crawls back to the bag of rubble as fast as he can.
64) 0) text: Dust flies in the air as the bags are hit by pistol fire. Chris cowers behind the bags. He sees an aerosol can on t ground. He picks it up. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank and Stevo continue to return fire. Frank sees that Justine has made her way back to her low wall position. H smiles.
79) 0) text: Justine sees Ord clearly firing at the South pillar. She takes a shot with her 38. She hits Ord in the arm. He duc down.
79) 2) dialog: 
87) 0) text: Justine checks her pistol. She looks at Chris. He knows s is going to make a break for it. She starts to move away. Chris watches her go.
88) 0) text: Chris watches as Justine disappears into his blind spot behind a large pillar and a line of broken office foundations.
89) 0) text: Ord watches as Justine starts to shuffle away. He looks o to the back of the warehouse. He sighs.
92) 0) text: Justine is moving steadily and carefully. 73.
93) 0) text: Gordon is crawling; following Justine.
98) 0) text: Justine is crawling away towards the door that they all entered into the warehouse by an hour beforehand. She is moving at a decent pace.
99) 0) text: Gordon follows with grim determination. He sees Justine bobbing up and down in the distance.
114) 0) text: Gordon is following Justine. He stops for a moment as he hears the gunfire.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
117) 0) text: Vernon ducks down as the plaster explodes around him. He rolls down two steps of the staircase. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine moves over a plank and it bangs up and down makin noise. She moves on. Ahead of her is another door.
123) 0) text: Frank looks around and sees that he is in a store room. H crawls through the boxes and mops. He stops for a moment exhausted. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine grabs the door handle and twists it. The door ope and she makes her way through. She closes the door behind her. She breathes for a moment. Then she starts on toward the next door. 79. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon moves on through the door and into the corridor. H sees the door at the far end closing. He curses and tries move faster. He gets up and drags himself along.
139) 0) text: Ord watches the shoot out between Chris and Martin. He ta aim but can’t get a clear shot of either of them. We can he is weighing up the odds. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon pushes the door open and starts to make his way in raises his pistol attempting to protect himself. Justine fires. The first shot is wide and hits the door. Gordon f blindly and the shot pings into the wall. Justine fires h last bullet and hits Gordon in the shoulder. He rolls ove and drops his pistol. It skitters across the floor. The smoke settles for a minute.
141) 0) text: Martin empties the Garrand and drops it. He touches his h again. He is feeling dizzy. 82. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Gordon coughs. He looks around. He is dazed. Justine look the pistol. It’s closer to her than it is him. She starts shuffling towards it. Gordon turns angrily and starts moving towards it. The tw them move towards the gun.
144) 0) text: Vernon lowers his gun. His breathing is shallow now. He s there and doesn't move. He is very burnt. He is done. The fire dies out. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine looks at the magazine of Gordon’s gun. 6 shots le She holsters her 38 after wiping the blood off it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris sits, looking back up at where the gunshots have co from. He shakes his head slowly.
147) 0) text: Justine crawls back through the door as quietly as she ca She scans the warehouse. 85. There is one way out of there and that’s through the back door. She looks to it. She crawls along the edge of the warehouse.
150) 0) text: Back inside the main warehouse. Justine looks around. She see the van and the AR18 Boxes. She moves away from them towards Jimmy’s pillar.
160) 0) text: Up ahead, Justine can see the fallen body of Jimmy. She crawls over towards him.
162) 0) text: Justine gets to the pillar. She picks up Jimmy’s carbine drags it with her. Jimmy’s body is propped up in the corn He is DEAD. In his hand the picture of his wife and kids. Justine goes through his pockets. She hears a smashing no and looks up. She can see Ord ripping out the telephone junction from the wall.
165) 0) text: Justine picks up the Ml carbine and lays on the ground an takes aim. She looks down the iron sight. She swipes the carbine across from the AR18 boxes to where she felt the sound was coming from. She sees Ord in the distance. He i standing by a cable box. She takes aim but too late he dr out of view. Black INT.WAREHOUSE JIMMY’S PILLAR Justine opens her eyes. She has passed out. She struggles bring herself around. Her eyes start to droop. She is pas out again. Her head nods down. Unconscious. Blood leaks f underneath her. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. Leary enters through the dead-locked door. He sees Gordan body on the floor. He stops in his tracks. He pulls his pistol and looks around. He finds a bit of wood and prods at the body. He examines wounds in his head. He looks back to the door. This is a life or death situat Move forward or run away. Leary is just not the sort to g back. He carefully moves towards the next door. He sees t blood and bullet marks on it. He sees the blood drag marks on the floor. 89.
185) 0) text: Water hits Justine’s face she comes too. She looks up and sees the water pouring over the warehouse. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry slumps off the stearing wheel and the the Chevy cha direction. It drives towards the far wall and stops. The music still plays. Blood drips from underneath the truck, drip - drip and then stops.
189) 0) text: Justine watches as the two men collapse. She watches as t smoke drifts across the warehouse. The fire is taking hol now.
191) 0) text: Justine uses the pillar as leverage and manages to get to feet. She slings the rifle under her arm pit and uses it crutch. She hobbles forward. Smoke is blowing across the warehouse now. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE VAN. Justine approaches. She sees the bodies of Ord and Chris. Chris is still alive. He looks up at Justine. He is diein
191) 1) dialog: I am sorry about you and your friends.
191) 3) dialog: Nobody. It was Martin’s idea. But he’s gone now. It was stupid. We were going to get out.. Justine looks sad. She looks over to his body.
191) 5) dialog: I am sorry I shot you. 98. Justine puts her sunglasses on and turns to leave. Chris smiles and watches her go. He liked her. Chris talks to himself.
192) 0) text: Justine limps forward. She holds the money. She is determ to survive.
192) 3) text: CHRIS (NARRATION) (CONT’D) All is well. Justine stands there for a moment. She looks back towards camera. ‘This Old Guitar’ By John Denver plays