164) 0) text: The 72 Plymouth Fury and the van are still parked up outs A third car pulls up. A man in a leather jacket gets out. looks around the vehicles. He walks over to the warehouse. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. We see the man now. Leary. 29 tall. Confident. He strides along. Cigarette in his mouth. He looks in door ways.
165) 0) text: Justine picks up the Ml carbine and lays on the ground an takes aim. She looks down the iron sight. She swipes the carbine across from the AR18 boxes to where she felt the sound was coming from. She sees Ord in the distance. He i standing by a cable box. She takes aim but too late he dr out of view. Black INT.WAREHOUSE JIMMY’S PILLAR Justine opens her eyes. She has passed out. She struggles bring herself around. Her eyes start to droop. She is pas out again. Her head nods down. Unconscious. Blood leaks f underneath her. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. Leary enters through the dead-locked door. He sees Gordan body on the floor. He stops in his tracks. He pulls his pistol and looks around. He finds a bit of wood and prods at the body. He examines wounds in his head. He looks back to the door. This is a life or death situat Move forward or run away. Leary is just not the sort to g back. He carefully moves towards the next door. He sees t blood and bullet marks on it. He sees the blood drag marks on the floor. 89.
166) 0) text: Leary enters the warehouse. He sees the van parked up in middle. He looks cautiously around the warehouse. It’s dead quiet Nothing is stirring. He sniffs the air. He detects a bit cordite.
166) 1) dialog: Hello? No sign of life. LEARY (CONT’D)
167) 0) text: Chris has heard Learys’ voice. He makes his way towards t window. He can see Leary. He spots what’s about to happen. Harry hiding behind a pillar. Chris bangs on the glass.
167) 2) dialog: Leary takes a step forward and looks around. He steps forward again and Harry swings a tyre iron into shins. Leary falls and drops his gun. Harry leaps forward crushes his head with the tyre iron. Leary lays there twitching. ORD O.S.
169) 0) text: Harry goes through Leary’s pockets. He can’t find anythin worth keeping. Harry lays there for a moment thinking. He grabs the money. Harry pulls himself towards the Chevy.