3) 15) dialog: Hey good to see you. My Mothers people are from Sligo.
3) 18) dialog: We're doing our bit. I don’t need to be here at all. Frank sucks his teeth. He knows what doing your bit entai And it’s cost him a lot more than Martin would ever be prepared to give up. Chris smells the gun. He looks down the barrel.
3) 23) dialog: This is just a precaution. While the rifle is live.
3) 29) dialog: Try not to hit any metalwork. I don’t want to get tagged by a ricochet. Chris gives him a slow sad look. He shoulders the rifle a takes aim.
3) 41) dialog: We did.
5) 10) dialog: Lets see the money chief. Chris pops the case on the table. He opens it up. Martin into his bag and pulls out a money counter. Inside we see 20 round mag for the AR18. He feeds the money into the counter. Justine looks at the money for a moment. They all stand around and stare as he does it.
5) 13) dialog: 
7) 0) text: In the distance there is the noise of a van starting up. men stand patiently as it approaches. Frank is tense. He looks over to Chris. Chris is not scared but looks on intensely. He strokes his jacket where his gun is. Frank looks to Martin. The van enters the warehouse.
7) 1) dialog: Look, if we wanted to rip you off it would have happened already. Frank looks them up and down for a second. He’s like a ca with a mouse.
7) 3) dialog: Will it make the guns fire any straighter if you knew? Vernon points at Justine.
8) 0) text: The van rolls in. It comes to a stop. The two men get out They walk around the back of the truck and start unloadin One of the men looks at Stevo. He walks around the van. Martin opens the back door with a key on his key chain. T two men (Gordon and Harry) Start lugging out the boxes. T are about 0.5 ft by 3ft wooden containers with rope handl Martin takes the van keys from Harry and pockets them. Soon there is a pile of boxes. Gordon and Harry are sweat slightly. Harry is eyeing Stevo.
8) 23) dialog: Okay. That’s our business almost done here.
8) 25) dialog: Perfecto. We will leave and then you load out. Give us 5 minutes. You can drive your vehicle round on Lassiter.
8) 35) dialog: What’s this about Harry?
8) 61) dialog: Let’s go Harry.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
81) 0) text: Harry makes it to the back of the van. He pulls the handl on the door. Nothing. He tries again. It’s locked. He looks depressed. He looks desperately to Chris... Then Martins’ body.
82) 0) text: Ord looks over to Harry. Ord is trying to stop the bleedi from his new wound. He gestures to Harry to open the door Harry shrugs and makes a carkey mime. Ord looks over to where Martins lays. And then he looks back to Harry. Harry shakes his head. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Stevo scramble on the floor. Chris is punching Stevo in the head. They thrash about - each man not stron enough to get the better of the other. Chris reaches down and grabs Stevo’s leg and forces his fingers into the bullet wound. He squeezes. Stevo screams passes out. The fight is over. Chris sits for a moment panting. He sh his head in disbelief.
84) 0) text: Harry crawls towards Martin. He stops for a moment watchi the South pillar and then moves on a bit more. INT. WAREHOUSE FAR PILLAR. Vernon looks at Frank. He checks his pistol again. He tak aim and tries to support his hand. Again, he can’t do it. Vernon holsters his pistol then starts out again.
85) 0) text: Frank keeps moving. He looks back and can see Vernon in t distance. He winces and looks down at his hand. 71. It’s got a syringe sticking in it. It’s gone in quite dee He winces as he pulls it out and throws it to one side. T warehouse has obviously hosted junkies at some point. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry gets over to Martins’ body. He turns him over. He h been shot in the head. Harry goes through his pockets try to find the keys to the van. Harry looks around and spots briefcase with the MONEY. He looks back to Ord. Ord shrug What are you waiting for?
100) 0) text: Harry is going through Martins’ pockets. Suddenly Martin springs to life. Harry looks at the wound in the side of head. He can see bits of bone and brain.
100) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
100) 3) dialog: Get off me...
100) 5) dialog: Where am I?
100) 7) dialog: Why am I wet?
100) 9) dialog: Get off me.
103) 0) text: Harry starts rummaging through Martins’ pockets more aggressively.
103) 1) dialog: Why am I wet?
103) 3) dialog: Where am I?
103) 5) dialog: Why am I wet? 75. Martin starts to get up. He stands looking around the warehouse. He is like the first monkey to stand up on two legs. As he stands Harry’s grip rips his pocket and the k tumble out. Harry tries to pull him down. Martin kicks him off. He pu out his pistol.
103) 6) dialog: Where am I?
103) 8) dialog: What are you doing? Trying to trick me? Where is the money? He walks over to where Ord is hiding.
103) 10) dialog: Trying to rip me off... Martin fires at Ord. Ord scrambles backwards trying to ge out of the way of the fire. He ends up behind a low wall north of the boxes. Bullets ping off the masonry.
106) 0) text: Chris watches as Martin moves about. He is looking for something.
106) 1) dialog: Justinnne. Justinnne. INT. WAREHOUSE FAR DOOR. Justine makes her way into the corridor. She moves forwar Once the door closes behind her she gets up onto one leg starts to hobble along at a faster pace.
107) 0) text: Vernon gets to the top of the stairs. He looks down the corridor and sees the blood trail. He pulls his pistol an takes aim to get Frank as he comes out of the office. He hear Martin howling in the warehouse.
107) 1) dialog: Justinnnneeee
113) 0) text: Martin is touching his head. He sees his hand is covered blood. He plays with the bullet wound. It seems not to hu It’s a horrific sight.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
121) 0) text: Martin is kicking Howies body.
121) 1) dialog: You fucking idiot.
122) 0) text: Ord watches Martin. His curiosity piqued.
129) 0) text: Harry watches Martin moving about. He looks over to the briefcase with the money in. He looks over to Ord’s posit and then to the van 80.
130) 0) text: Martin kneels down at Howie’s body his head in his hands.
130) 1) dialog: Simple simple plan... How could you be so stupid. He looks around nervously. Has he said too much. He picks Howie’s Garrand and scans about. He sees Chris watching h from the South pillar. He takes aim and fires. CHANK! ping. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine reaches the door. She reaches up to the door hand Her hand slips off it. She tries it again. The door is lo from the other side. It must have a dead lock. She fights back the tears. She listens for a minute. She hears the bang sound of the plank that she crawled over three minutes before. She fre and looks back. She shuffles to the side of the door in the darkness. She pulls out her gun and counts the rounds. She has two shot left. She flips the cylinder back into the frame and take aim at the door.
131) 0) text: Chris fires back at Martin. Martin fires another shot at Chris. Masonry explodes from the side of the pillar.
139) 0) text: Ord watches the shoot out between Chris and Martin. He ta aim but can’t get a clear shot of either of them. We can he is weighing up the odds. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon pushes the door open and starts to make his way in raises his pistol attempting to protect himself. Justine fires. The first shot is wide and hits the door. Gordon f blindly and the shot pings into the wall. Justine fires h last bullet and hits Gordon in the shoulder. He rolls ove and drops his pistol. It skitters across the floor. The smoke settles for a minute.
141) 0) text: Martin empties the Garrand and drops it. He touches his h again. He is feeling dizzy. 82. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Gordon coughs. He looks around. He is dazed. Justine look the pistol. It’s closer to her than it is him. She starts shuffling towards it. Gordon turns angrily and starts moving towards it. The tw them move towards the gun.
143) 0) text: Martin looks around wildly. He sees the money and makes a beeline for it. He marches over and grabs it. Harry watches from his position. Chris watches from the pillar. 83. Martin looks up at the sunlight and is mesmerized for a moment. He starts to walk. Not in the right direction. He walks manically. Slowly he starts to wind down. His walki gets slower. He eventually stops and drops the briefcase.
143) 1) dialog: Where am I? Did it work? Did we get the money? He falls to the ground DEAD. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine sits up and gasps. She sucks in her lips and chec her teeth.