1) 88) dialog: Hey Justine.
1) 90) dialog: These your boyfriends?
1) 92) dialog: Hey fellas... Frank is tight lipped. We see Ord as Frank sees him. Clea eyed (this is a tell for Frank of exercise and general dangerousness). He looks military.
1) 94) dialog: I’m sorry. Traffic. Frank looks Ord in the eye for a moment.
1) 95) dialog: I love your accent.
1) 97) dialog: Kerry?
1) 99) dialog: Hollywood? He smiles. Frank gets this reaction a lot. Holywood is between Belfast and Bangor in Ireland. Hollywood is in California.
1) 101) dialog: And these guys?
1) 103) dialog: I do Frank. It’s polite. There’s a moment. Ords’ smile never leaves his lips. Chri looks over for the first time. He takes his sun glasses o He reveals cold eyes.
1) 106) dialog: Okay. My names James Ordan. You can call me Ord. Okay.
1) 108) dialog: Sure. Just a few guide-lines for you all.. This is obviously a tense situation. I am armed. Ord opens his jacket with a flourish to reveal a holster pistol. He gestures to it dramatically.
1) 109) dialog: I am sure that you are too. Frank doesn't give anything away. Stevo grins embarrassed having his mind read. Maybe he is made of glass. 16.
1) 110) dialog: I want to get home tonight. I've got shit to do. I appreciate you are very serious heavy freedom fighting mother fuckers. Fuck the Brits.. Free Ireland. I get that. That’s cool. This is home of ‘Fuck the Brits!’ Ord looks at Frank and Chris’s faces. They look on impassively at his attempts at levity Lets just take this calm. Did you all jack off before coming here? The moment hangs there for a split second
1) 112) dialog: Did you jack off? In the hotel. Ord makes the international gesture for masturbation.
1) 114) dialog: I’m not working with any one who brought a loaded weapon. There is a moment of silence. Frank and Chris smirk.
1) 117) dialog: Why are you wearing makeup? Before Stevo can say ‘I walked into a door’ Frank interru
1) 119) dialog: O-kay. Chris glances around
1) 121) dialog: A friend of a friend. There’s a security guy but he’s not here today. Taking a ‘religious’ holiday. This last bit is an obvious lie. Ord smirks at the idea o religious holiday.
1) 123) dialog: Make stuff. Not any more though... Titles roll over the walk. Music: Boston plays ‘More than a feeling’ Title: Free Fire. In yellow futura extra bold font. Title: Adapted from the novel ‘IRON SIGHT’ by Jerome Kari INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. The group walk inside along dark concrete corridors. Fran looks a little tense. He scans around expecting trouble. Ord is not bothered. He knows the situation. The rest of the titles play out here. Stars. Producers. Financiers. Writer. 18.
2) 0) text: We see the group move through a broken down factory. Pige flap about disturbed. Title: Directed by Ben Wheatley A big wide as the group move through a large empty space. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. They walk through a corridor. The door closes behind them clicks shut. Ord looks back at it for a split second. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. They walk along another corridor and then enter out into another large space.
3) 2) dialog: We are here. Frank looks out to the shadows. Chris turns around and lo about. There is a staircase leading off to offices. Justi looks up. There are skylights. She looks out to the far pillar. She looks nervous.
3) 4) dialog: They can see you.
3) 6) dialog: I told you Frank. I've got things to do tonight. Chris scans the area. It’s quiet. Justine looks to Ord.
3) 21) dialog: I’m going to slowly take out my handgun. Is that okay Frank? Frank looks at Chris. Chris nods. Its okay.
3) 25) dialog: Sure
3) 30) dialog: Military background? Chris looks over at Justine.
3) 32) dialog: No... Who would want to hear that shit? The others step away and put their fingers in their ears.
3) 37) dialog: It’s about eye contact. And caring words. Chris looks at Justine, who is giggling slightly. Chris m a ‘maybe he has a point’ face. Then pulls the trigger. It makes a huge noise in the space. In the distance there a thwack as the bullet hits home. The ejected cartridge h the floor and rolls about. Chris looks back at the others. Then to Frank. 22.
4) 0) text: Ord watches Chris looking at Pillar
4) 1) dialog: What is the matter?
5) 3) dialog: Bullet hits? He shrugs. Not understanding why it might be relevant. Chris looks out to the edges of the warehouse. They would have come from a ways off. Chris looks to Ord then gives on his investigation. He turns to Vernon.
6) 0) text: Inside the van sits Gordon: 32. Shoulder length hair. Lea jacket. Harry: 27. Baby faced. Bomber jacket. Harry is picking his knuckles. They are grazed from fighting. Gord watches out of the corner of his eye.
7) 12) dialog: Story time over?
7) 14) dialog: Whatever it was, the great Irish army wasn’t involved...
8) 0) text: The van rolls in. It comes to a stop. The two men get out They walk around the back of the truck and start unloadin One of the men looks at Stevo. He walks around the van. Martin opens the back door with a key on his key chain. T two men (Gordon and Harry) Start lugging out the boxes. T are about 0.5 ft by 3ft wooden containers with rope handl Martin takes the van keys from Harry and pockets them. Soon there is a pile of boxes. Gordon and Harry are sweat slightly. Harry is eyeing Stevo.
8) 48) dialog: We can sort this thing out later Harry
8) 59) dialog: I will Harry, but you have to relax. Ord looks to Chris. He can see Harry is about to go. Ther a moment when the fire could catch again just on the vapo Harry wipes his face, he is so conflicted. He’s never bac down in a fight before. Stevo is released by Frank and is wiping blood from his n and gasping for air. Harry looks around at the other men. Chris puts out his h flat and bends down a bit. It’s placatory body language. is talking slowly. The sound has shifted now... It feels muffled. Variously the characters are entering into an endorphin state as their bodies flood with adrenalin.
8) 65) dialog: No! Harry fires at Stevo. Time slows. Flare flashes from the muzzle of the snub-nose. Stevo is hit in the shoulder. It opens up in an explosion material and blood. In one action his hand pulls out his M1911 hand-gun from jacket. Stevo falls. Frank looks on in low resignation. This is his fault for bringing the idiot along. Justine looks at Ord. Can he help stop this? Ord catches Justine’s look. It’s out of his hands now. Martin grabs at Harry, trying to stop him. The men all st at each other for a moment. Frank steps backward and gets ready to pull. Chris scans back and forth to see which way this is going go. There is a split second where this fight might not escala But Chris knows as soon as the first shot is fired, the g will come out and there’s no other place to go. Bernie looks on, frozen to the spot. Gordon takes a step back. He looks on blankly. Martin takes a step back. He is staring at Stevo falling. Martin bumps into the table. The AR18 and a detached maga falls off it. 34. Vernon looks at Chris and sees the look. He doesn't even think and goes for his pistol. Ord staggers back looking for cover. He shifts his body weight out of the line of fire of Stevo. Vernon pulls his pistol. A Colt Cobra. A snub-nosed 38. Chris quick draws his pistol; a police 38. He tucks his a in, so that his hand is in close to his hip. (A classic c combat stance.) Frank pulls his pistol. A Browning 9mm automatic. Martin pulls his. A 44 Python. He cocks it. He looks arou for a target. Ord moves backwards towards the AR18 cases. Vernon fumbles with the safety catch on his pistol. Chris has hunckered down to make as small a target as possible and is trying to get to cover. He sees the pilla out of his periphery vision. Tactically, he figures there too many people to engage. He needs to move and shoot to to a safe position. Justine pulls her pistol - a 38 police special. She nervo looks around. Bernie is frozen. His hands come up slowly. He wants no p in this. Harry fires again. The hammer smashing down on a bullets’ percussion cap. It fires, igniting the gunpowder. The pis kicks as the bullet exits. The cylinder turns and engages another cartridge. The bullet whistles past Stevo’s head as he falls backwar Ord pulls out his pistol from a kneeling position. A Colt M1991A1 Compact. Stevo fires his automatic. The pistol spits fire. The sli jerks back and a shell casing ejects. The high calibre slug misses Harry and hits Gordon; blowi his ear off. His long hair blows in the air at the impact Gordon grabs the side of his face as blood arcs out of hi head. He starts to scream but he is trapped in syrup like a dream. Vernon is nervously fiddling with his pistol trying to un the safety while backing away. Bernie is watching events unfold around him. He is still frozen. 35. Ord takes aim on Chris. He tracks him in the iron sights his automatic. It’s hard to hit him as Vernon moves acros his line of sight. Chris fires in twos. Double taps. TAP TAP. He hits Martin close range. A gob of gore sprouts from Martins’ head. Stevo hits the floor. He is still firing. A second bullet chambers. BANG - a spent cartridge spins across space... He totally misses Harry. The bullet screams off wide. A l in the ceiling explodes. Sparks fly. Martin drops to his knees. Blood spits from his head. Ord fires on Chris. Misses the first shot and hits him wi the second. Winging his arm. Ord is concentrated on his i sight. He tries to control the dump of adrenalin that’s i his system. He starts to experience tunnel vision.
12) 0) text: A bullet smacks into Franks’ arm, spinning him round. Chr turns his head and sees the flash of the carbine for the first time. Bernie cowers behind the pillar. Bullets chasing through air. Gordon clambers too his feet and looks for an exit. 37.
13) 0) text: Vernon dives out of the way. Harry tries to shield himsel from the incoming gunfire. It’s chaos. The initial pistol shoot-out is superceded by the introduction of much great fire power. The Ml Carbine fire continues in bursts of three. A shot wide and hits Gordon in the leg. He is spun around and collapses to the ground again.
15) 0) text: Chris hears the whine of Howies’ missed shot. He turns an makes eye contact with Ord. Ord looks at him from behind the AR18 boxes. They are the only two who know what’s happening. They are in a crossfi Chris gestures to Ord ‘What the fuck is this?’
15) 1) dialog: 
16) 0) text: The first shot chips concrete that goes into Jimmys’ eyes staggers back and stops firing. INT. WAREHOUSE. Ord fires at Howie. Howie is further off than Jimmy. The round cracks loud. A spent cartridge pings out of the rif
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
19) 0) text: Ord turns to fire at Harry. Bang bang bang INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris makes it to the pillar and looks around it to see w Jimmy is.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
27) 0) text: Ord pokes his head around from the boxes and makes eye contact with the other guys.
27) 1) dialog: Who's alive? Harry? Harry is laying behind some rubble
27) 3) dialog: Vernon? Vernon is by the van.
27) 5) dialog: Move back towards me. You are out in the open there. Vernon takes in a deep breath and starts to crawl away. H hauls himself painfully back towards the AR18 boxes.
28) 1) dialog: Stop shooting.. What are you doing? Frank makes it to the pillar and slumps Stevo rolls onto his side and fires a shot at Harry. He misses as well. Harry ducks behind his pillar. Stevo crawls around toward the East pillar.
29) 0) text: Vernon crawls on all fours towards the AR18 packing cases methodically puts one hand in front of the other. He eventually makes it. Ord pulls him in. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Stevo makes it to the pillar. He looks around. He sees Fr Frank makes a hand gesture... stay there...
31) 0) text: Ord looks over his wounds. He goes through his pockets. H finds a hip flask. He opens it and sniffs it. He smiles. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine looks at the wound in her leg. She sees that it’s and out. She picks the bits of trouser out of the wound w a pair of tweezers. Chris crawls into view.
32) 0) text: Gordon sees Stevo moving through the wheels of the van. H looks down on the floor and sees a chunk of his own ear. looks back to Stevo.
32) 2) dialog: Hey Gordon... Get back here.
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
33) 1) dialog: What do you want to do? 47.
33) 3) dialog: I see we have three options... One: we leave, two: we shoot it out with them, three: we negotiate.
33) 5) dialog: Yeah
33) 7) dialog: Oh Vern. Come on.
33) 9) dialog: Who the fuck was that guy?
33) 11) dialog: Who knows from our side outside of the Corsican?
33) 13) dialog: What would she have to gain?
34) 0) text: Justine peers over the top of her wall. She sees Ord pop head over the AR18 crates and look about.
34) 2) dialog: ORD’ HEY JUSTINE. I HOPE YOU DIDN’T GET
34) 6) dialog: 
34) 11) dialog: 
34) 15) dialog: WHAT’S THAT FRANK?
34) 18) dialog: 
34) 26) dialog: 
34) 33) dialog: 
34) 39) dialog: 
36) 0) text: Ord is moving about dragging bags of rubble over and putt them up against the AR18 boxes. Harry watches from his position by the van. Harry shouts to Stevo and whoever is listening.
36) 4) dialog: Those other shooters are independents. This would have gone down like this whatever happened. In fact, Harry’s lunacy may have helped us.
36) 6) dialog: Because without the initial gunplay the shooters would have caught us completely off guard. Ord puts another bag of rubble up against the wooden crat
36) 8) dialog: Do you think wooden boxes stop bullets?
36) 10) dialog: You watch too much TV. Do you think a stud wall stops a bullet?
36) 12) dialog: Do you not know the difference between concealment and cover? Vernon registers the error of his ways.
37) 0) text: Gordon is watching as things play out. He holds his bleed head. He can see Howie.
42) 0) text: Ord looks around trying to work out who took the shot. General gun smoke is wafting about. Vernon looks around wildly
44) 7) dialog: 
45) 1) dialog: 
46) 6) dialog: 
47) 0) text: Vernon looks at Ord. He doesn’t like it.
47) 2) dialog: We cant settle this...
47) 4) dialog: OKAY CHRIS. SENSIBLE. OKAY. LET’S DO IT. IT’S A DEAL. ARE YOU GOOD
50) 1) dialog: 
50) 9) dialog: Vernon.. wait. Vernon has his pistol out. He starts to raise it. Ord kno what he is about to do. Vernon aims his pistol at Justine.
51) 0) text: Ord listens to the phone. He looks at Vernon. Vernon look grim faced. There’s a silence.
51) 2) dialog: Hard to tell.
51) 5) dialog: She’s alive! Vernon looks over to where she fell and takes aim INT. WAREHOUSE NORTH WEST OF VAN. Justine is laying in the rubble. She squirms along on her belly to find better cover. Vernon is fires at her. She tries to crawl away. Bullets are flying.
52) 0) text: Vernon and Ord lay behind the boxes. Vernon takes aim aga 60.
54) 0) text: Ord can hear a squeaking noise. It’s the sound of the tro wheels. He moves over to the edge of the boxes and takes look. Vernon shifts over to have a look as well. He sees trolley being pushed by Chris. It’s loaded with refuse ba of rubbish. Chris can be seen bobbing about behind it. Ord looks over to where the trolley seems to be heading.
54) 1) dialog: They are trying to flank us. Vernon takes aim and fires. A plume of dust explodes from top of the refuse bag.
55) 0) text: Chris flinches as the bullets impact the bag and the trol There’s a small flash from the South pillar and a wooden impact as Frank shoots at them. Vernon ducks down. Ord hunkers down low. Wood chips explode around them.
57) 0) text: Ord watches as the trolley edges along at a snails pace.
57) 1) dialog: What ammo are you shooting?
57) 3) dialog: Well that’s not going to do anything. It’s just going to blat off those refuse sacks.. What they got in them? Rubble?
57) 5) dialog: You are wasting your time. Aim for the wheels.
60) 0) text: Ord watches as the trolley approaches. He looks around hi for something to use. He pulls the hip flask out of his pocket and takes a swig. He takes another shot. This time ricochets and breaks the axel of the trolley. The trolley collapses.
62) 0) text: Vernon fires blindly. Ord doesn’t look so confident. He looks round and sees Justine disappearing behind a pillar on the west side. He realizes the plan. INT. WAREHOUSE COLLAPSED TROLLEY. Chris crawls back to the bag of rubble as fast as he can.
63) 0) text: Ord and Harry take it in turns to shoot at Chris.
63) 1) dialog: Take your time.
65) 0) text: Ord ducks behind the boxes as a salvo of shots fly in his direction. INT. WAREHOUSE BAGS OF RUBBLE. Chris grabs the aerosol can and throws it towards the AR1 boxes. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank sees the aerosol go over. 64.
67) 0) text: Ord and Vernon duck for cover as they are blown off their feet.
69) 0) text: Ord chuckles to himself.
69) 2) dialog: This guy is a problem... Trying to flank us with a bag of rubble and a trolley... He’s got heart.
70) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. He looks at his leg wound a ties off the bandage. 66.
70) 1) dialog: They are going to go for the phone and bring their guys now.
70) 3) dialog: We should stay ensconced here.
70) 5) dialog: We should get the ammo out of the van and overpower them.
70) 7) dialog: Let’s have a look at you. Ord looks at Vernon’s leg wound. He tidies up the bandage looks around finds some cardboard. He starts to rip it up
70) 9) dialog: If you are going to crawl on the this floor you are going to need some pads.
70) 11) dialog: The shit in this warehouse is more likely to kill us than bullets. Pigeon shit... Chemicals... And you are going to crawl around in it with open wounds... You need every bit of help you can get. He ties the cardboard around his legs.
70) 13) dialog: Okay. Good luck. Vernon is now wearing his cardboard armor. He looks dejec He shuffles out.
71) 0) text: Vernon crawls out to the back of the van. He looks over t the South pillar. He holds his leg and grimaces. He sees Frank making his way out. He holds his pistol up. It’s he We see the gun wobbling about. Vernon tries to steady it. can’t do it. He opens the cylinder to look at how many sh he has. He frowns. He puts his hand in his pocket and fin couple of bullets. He reloads his gun. He looks over and can see Frank is further away. He takes aim. He has even less chance of hitting him now. He looks on in frustration. Vernon holsters his pistol an with a nervous look over to the South pillar he prepares crawl. He looks back to Ord. Ord has his pistol aimed at pillar. He urges Vernon on with his eyes. Vernon lays as close to the ground as he can and starts t shuffle out from behind the cover of the van.
72) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. There is no movement. He lo back to Vernon who is now about 6 foot clear of the van. looks over to Frank in the distance. He notices movement behind the pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris watches from behind the pillar as Vernon is crawlin He takes aim. Stevo sees him too.
74) 1) dialog: MOVE IT VERN... COME ON... HE’S
75) 0) text: Ord is following Vernon’s progress. He looks over to the South Pillar. Then back to Vernon.
75) 1) dialog: The ammo for the AR18’s is in the van?
75) 3) dialog: Go and get it, then.
77) 0) text: Ord gets a clear shot of Stevo and takes it. He fires twi
79) 0) text: Justine sees Ord clearly firing at the South pillar. She takes a shot with her 38. She hits Ord in the arm. He duc down.
79) 1) dialog: 
82) 0) text: Ord looks over to Harry. Ord is trying to stop the bleedi from his new wound. He gestures to Harry to open the door Harry shrugs and makes a carkey mime. Ord looks over to where Martins lays. And then he looks back to Harry. Harry shakes his head. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Stevo scramble on the floor. Chris is punching Stevo in the head. They thrash about - each man not stron enough to get the better of the other. Chris reaches down and grabs Stevo’s leg and forces his fingers into the bullet wound. He squeezes. Stevo screams passes out. The fight is over. Chris sits for a moment panting. He sh his head in disbelief.
85) 0) text: Frank keeps moving. He looks back and can see Vernon in t distance. He winces and looks down at his hand. 71. It’s got a syringe sticking in it. It’s gone in quite dee He winces as he pulls it out and throws it to one side. T warehouse has obviously hosted junkies at some point. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry gets over to Martins’ body. He turns him over. He h been shot in the head. Harry goes through his pockets try to find the keys to the van. Harry looks around and spots briefcase with the MONEY. He looks back to Ord. Ord shrug What are you waiting for?
89) 0) text: Ord watches as Justine starts to shuffle away. He looks o to the back of the warehouse. He sighs.
89) 1) dialog: Fuck.. Gordon
89) 3) dialog: You have to stop her.
89) 5) dialog: Yeah. Situations change. She's obviously with them...
89) 7) dialog: Because I have to keep Chris pinned down. You are the only spare man we have. Ord looks over to Harry who is still searching Martins pockets. Ord sees in the distance the brief case with the money in. He looks back to Gordon who is also looking at
89) 9) dialog: I’ll pay you...
89) 11) dialog: Don’t push your luck. I’1l give you 10k. Gordon nods and then starts to move off.
93) 0) text: Gordon is crawling; following Justine.
99) 0) text: Gordon follows with grim determination. He sees Justine bobbing up and down in the distance.
103) 7) dialog: Martin get down! Martin turns and shoots at Ord. Harry goes into a ball on floor.
103) 9) dialog: Get down!
103) 11) dialog: Don’t make me shoot you Martin He looks up but Martin has gone. He looks around wild eye
114) 0) text: Gordon is following Justine. He stops for a moment as he hears the gunfire.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
122) 0) text: Ord watches Martin. His curiosity piqued.
123) 0) text: Frank looks around and sees that he is in a store room. H crawls through the boxes and mops. He stops for a moment exhausted. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine grabs the door handle and twists it. The door ope and she makes her way through. She closes the door behind her. She breathes for a moment. Then she starts on toward the next door. 79. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon moves on through the door and into the corridor. H sees the door at the far end closing. He curses and tries move faster. He gets up and drags himself along.
129) 0) text: Harry watches Martin moving about. He looks over to the briefcase with the money in. He looks over to Ord’s posit and then to the van 80.
139) 0) text: Ord watches the shoot out between Chris and Martin. He ta aim but can’t get a clear shot of either of them. We can he is weighing up the odds. INT. CORRIDOR. Gordon pushes the door open and starts to make his way in raises his pistol attempting to protect himself. Justine fires. The first shot is wide and hits the door. Gordon f blindly and the shot pings into the wall. Justine fires h last bullet and hits Gordon in the shoulder. He rolls ove and drops his pistol. It skitters across the floor. The smoke settles for a minute.
141) 0) text: Martin empties the Garrand and drops it. He touches his h again. He is feeling dizzy. 82. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Gordon coughs. He looks around. He is dazed. Justine look the pistol. It’s closer to her than it is him. She starts shuffling towards it. Gordon turns angrily and starts moving towards it. The tw them move towards the gun.
144) 0) text: Vernon lowers his gun. His breathing is shallow now. He s there and doesn't move. He is very burnt. He is done. The fire dies out. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine looks at the magazine of Gordon’s gun. 6 shots le She holsters her 38 after wiping the blood off it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris sits, looking back up at where the gunshots have co from. He shakes his head slowly.
145) 0) text: Ord watches as Chris moves off towards the stairs. He loo around. He’s lost Gordon and he can’t see Harry.
145) 1) dialog: 
145) 3) dialog: 
149) 0) text: Ord looks to the upstairs and then spots cabling coming o of the office. It’s the phone trunking. He sees it goes t box before going outside. He looks around and then makes a break for it. He shuffle forward, keeping a wary eye on the South pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is winking in and out of consciousness. He sees Ord can’t get it together to fire on him. He lifts his pistol then gives up.
162) 0) text: Justine gets to the pillar. She picks up Jimmy’s carbine drags it with her. Jimmy’s body is propped up in the corn He is DEAD. In his hand the picture of his wife and kids. Justine goes through his pockets. She hears a smashing no and looks up. She can see Ord ripping out the telephone junction from the wall.
165) 0) text: Justine picks up the Ml carbine and lays on the ground an takes aim. She looks down the iron sight. She swipes the carbine across from the AR18 boxes to where she felt the sound was coming from. She sees Ord in the distance. He i standing by a cable box. She takes aim but too late he dr out of view. Black INT.WAREHOUSE JIMMY’S PILLAR Justine opens her eyes. She has passed out. She struggles bring herself around. Her eyes start to droop. She is pas out again. Her head nods down. Unconscious. Blood leaks f underneath her. INT. WAREHOUSE CORRIDOR. Leary enters through the dead-locked door. He sees Gordan body on the floor. He stops in his tracks. He pulls his pistol and looks around. He finds a bit of wood and prods at the body. He examines wounds in his head. He looks back to the door. This is a life or death situat Move forward or run away. Leary is just not the sort to g back. He carefully moves towards the next door. He sees t blood and bullet marks on it. He sees the blood drag marks on the floor. 89.
166) 0) text: Leary enters the warehouse. He sees the van parked up in middle. He looks cautiously around the warehouse. It’s dead quiet Nothing is stirring. He sniffs the air. He detects a bit cordite.
169) 1) dialog: Where are you going Harry? He inches slowly towards it. Pushing the money in front o him. Blood loss is affecting him now. He looks ahead, his vision drifting in and out of focus. He stops for a momen catch his breath.
169) 3) dialog: Don’t do it Harry.. The van starts to loom ahead of him. He looks at the shin chromium trim. Notices the crusted dirt on the underside it for the first time.
172) 0) text: Ord takes aim with his automatic. He tracks Harry between crosshairs of this pistol. He pulls the trigger. CLICK gl. The gun has jammed. Ord puts the safety on and drops the He turns the gun over but nothing drops out. He pulls the rack back and sees that two bullets have jammed in the breach. He tries unblock them but they are totally stuck. He grimaces. Fuck. He starts to strip the gun down.
174) 0) text: Chris falls a couple of stairs. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord is putting the pistol back together. He is almost the He looks up and sees Harry at the van.
175) 0) text: Harry licks his lips and digs in his pocket for the van k He retrieves them and slots them in the door lock. He qui turns and hears the door click open. He pushes with his weight to get the door to swing open. He takes the keys out of the door lock and puts them in h pocket. He grabs the briefcase with the money and throws it in th van. Harry shuffles around the open door and crawls up a step toward the cab. He crouches in the well of the door step then forces him self up into the seat. He lays for a mome with his legs dangling out of the van. He looks towards t driving seat and steering wheel. 92. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE PHONE JUNCTION. Ord finishes putting together his pistol. He takes aim. H pulls the trigger. Nothing. He still has the safety on. H clicks it and takes aim again.
176) 0) text: Harry starts to crawl across the two seats in the cab tow the driving seat. As he struggles his feet bash against t door of the van The wind shield shatters as Ord fires at the van. Glass covers Harry. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is winking in and out of consciousness. He hears Or firing. He sees Harry’s feet sticking out of the van.
186) 0) text: Ord looks up at the water and shakes his head.
186) 1) dialog: 
186) 5) dialog: 
186) 10) dialog: 
186) 14) dialog: HA. THAT’S TRUE.
186) 17) dialog: 
186) 22) dialog: 
187) 0) text: Chris watches Ord approach. The water is still pouring. O reaches the pillar and props himself up and looks over to Chris. He looks at Stevo.
187) 1) dialog: He’s gone.
187) 3) dialog: Do you know what the fight at the Harlequin was about?
187) 5) dialog: Huh. Now that’s funny.
187) 7) dialog: Lets get over to the van.
187) 9) dialog: I told you. I’ve got shit to do. They both smirk in a resigned way.
188) 0) text: Chris and Ord stand up and support each other. They hobbl towards the van. Splashing through the puddles of water t have now formed. They eventually make it to the van. 97. Chris reaches in and turns the music off. John Denver sto singing. Chris takes a breath. He looks at Ord and smiles They might get out of this yet. Suddenly a shot rings out. Ord is hit in the face, the ba of his head exploding across the van panel. He starts to slide backwards. A second shot finds Chris. Chris is hit the chest and slides down the side of the van.
191) 0) text: Justine uses the pillar as leverage and manages to get to feet. She slings the rifle under her arm pit and uses it crutch. She hobbles forward. Smoke is blowing across the warehouse now. INT. WAREHOUSE BY THE VAN. Justine approaches. She sees the bodies of Ord and Chris. Chris is still alive. He looks up at Justine. He is diein