0) 44) dialog: My fucking head.
0) 46) dialog: I feel like my brain is trying to crawl out of my eyes.
0) 48) dialog: Have you got any headache pills? Pause. Bernie looks sideways at Stevo.
0) 50) dialog: I didn’t think you were doing that shit anymore. Stevo is mock worried.
0) 52) dialog: Okay maybe a little. Bernie smirks and hands Stevo a small wrap of heroin.
0) 55) dialog: Hour and a half tops. They do the deal and we help load up the crates.
0) 57) dialog: Yes guns... You don’t get paid $100 for moving cans of beans.
0) 59) dialog: You should have thought about that before you punched that guy in Harlequins last night.
0) 61) dialog: Look in my eyes.
0) 63) dialog: Look in my eyes... Bernie pushes Stevo away.
0) 65) dialog: I love you man. I would never let anything happen to you. Stevo lights up his zippo under the tin foil.
0) 67) dialog: Dont worry man.. SNIFFFF... What can go wrong? He passes back the wrap. Bernie smiles and Stevo drifts on a warm cloud of morphia EXT. STREET. The van pulls up behind the Plymouth. Stevo gets out. Fra has already got out to meet him. He walks over to the man drags him back to the van. We cut in close now and see:
0) 69) dialog: I’m sorry Frank.
0) 71) dialog: There was a density of cars that slowed my egress. Frank pauses.
0) 73) dialog: No. Frank starts again...
0) 75) dialog: No sir. INT. CAR DAY. Chris sees that Justine is watching Frank talking to the boys.
1) 6) dialog: I do Frank...
1) 8) dialog: No. Stevo is agreeing to agree here. Though he does it poorly Frank reads him.
1) 10) dialog: You don’t know anything about me.
1) 12) dialog: Well...
1) 15) dialog: Fuuuuck.
1) 17) dialog: No. Frank looks round and sees Bernie watching him
1) 21) dialog: No.. Frank lets go of Stevo’s balls and he staggers back. Fran manner has changed. He is matter of fact.
1) 23) dialog: Walked into a door? Frank doesn't move. Stevo becomes uncomfortable
1) 24) dialog: What are you doing? Stop that. Frank stares into his soul. INT. PLYMOUTH DAY.
1) 51) dialog: I walked into a door. Chris smiles tightly... Stevo is a clown.
1) 53) dialog: Talk to me if you’re talking about me... Chris and Frank ignore Stevo.
1) 56) dialog: Frankie... 12.
1) 58) dialog: Frank...
1) 61) dialog: I’m Stevo. What’s your name?
1) 63) dialog: Why not?
1) 65) dialog: No.
1) 68) dialog: Yeah Justine makes a face ‘thats a suprise’
1) 70) dialog: I bought it like you said. Bernie got it.. It’s cool
1) 72) dialog: Come on Frank. I’m not totally stupid.
1) 76) dialog: Oh Frank, fuckkk... Frank hands it over.
1) 78) dialog: Jesus Frank.
1) 83) dialog: You can tell by looking?
1) 105) dialog: Stevo - and that’s Bernie. Bernie waves from the van.
1) 115) dialog: I did. Justine smiles.
3) 11) dialog: A widow-maker.
3) 13) dialog: That’s what...
8) 0) text: The van rolls in. It comes to a stop. The two men get out They walk around the back of the truck and start unloadin One of the men looks at Stevo. He walks around the van. Martin opens the back door with a key on his key chain. T two men (Gordon and Harry) Start lugging out the boxes. T are about 0.5 ft by 3ft wooden containers with rope handl Martin takes the van keys from Harry and pockets them. Soon there is a pile of boxes. Gordon and Harry are sweat slightly. Harry is eyeing Stevo.
8) 15) dialog: Look who it is... Bernie looks back over his shoulder and spots Harry.
8) 17) dialog: How could he not? Frank makes an inventory of the contents of the boxes. He counts the contents and Chris has a look at a random samp They are all the same - this is the real deal. All new. H is sneaking peaks at Stevo here and there. As each box is signed off, it’s resealed and stacked. 29. A two foot high wooden wall is being built out of packing cases. Gordon looks and sees Harry looking agitated. Round the back of the van he talks to Harry
8) 26) dialog: Okay. Got it. Harry is staring now. Staring at Stevo. Gordon looks from Harry to Vernon.
8) 29) dialog: Me?
8) 33) dialog: No you don’t.
8) 38) dialog: I don’t know what you are talking about. A moment passes. Vernon stares at Stevo.
8) 42) dialog: I don’t know what he’s talking about. Harry's face is red with anger. As he says the next few l it’s as if he is stepping on an emotional gas peddle. He from straight to ENRAGED in eight words. 31.
8) 50) dialog: I wasn’t there. This is bullshit.
8) 52) dialog: I walked into a door. I’ve never been to that bar. Stevo is stepping forward towards Harry. Bernie is natura moving in. Harry is moving forward with Gordon as his win man. It’s coming together. It’s like it wants to happen.
8) 53) dialog: I didn’t start it.. You motherfucker! 32.
8) 64) dialog: Then she shouln’t have been out should she? Chris is watching Harry’s hands. He looks over to Martin. Chris’s hand twitches. He looks back. Harry twists in Martins’ arms pulling a snub-nosed 38. Or sees and pushes forward to get to Harry.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
17) 0) text: Howie struggles to reload his Garrand. The second and thi AR18 shots bite into the pillar. Howie ducks behind his pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE AR18 BOXES. Ord fires again to keep him pinned down. A bullet zings o the concrete from Jimmy. Ord turns 90 degrees and fires b in Jimmys’ direction. Bang bang bang bang 39. Chris scrambles looking for any more rounds. He finds one runs for a concrete column. Gordon is on the floor shouti Harry continues to fire at Stevo from the ground. Stevo i hit in the shin. His leg explodes and he screams in agony
20) 0) text: Stevo hits the ground. He holds his leg. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is wiping his eyes. He has blood pouring down his f INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris takes careful aim with the AR18 and fires. INT. WAREHOUSE 200 METERS OUT. Jimmy is shot through the chest and falls to the ground. INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Chris turns to look at the situation. Harry fires at Just
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
23) 1) dialog: 
23) 3) dialog: Oh Bernie... no.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
29) 0) text: Vernon crawls on all fours towards the AR18 packing cases methodically puts one hand in front of the other. He eventually makes it. Ord pulls him in. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Stevo makes it to the pillar. He looks around. He sees Fr Frank makes a hand gesture... stay there...
32) 0) text: Gordon sees Stevo moving through the wheels of the van. H looks down on the floor and sees a chunk of his own ear. looks back to Stevo.
36) 0) text: Ord is moving about dragging bags of rubble over and putt them up against the AR18 boxes. Harry watches from his position by the van. Harry shouts to Stevo and whoever is listening.
44) 0) text: Stevo suddenly gets up on one leg and starts shuffling towards a bit of cover. He gets there safely. He looks out around the warehouse and licks his lips. He makes another shuffle across the warehouse. Towards Frank Chris. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo collapses in front of the pillar. Frank grabs him a pulls him in. He is barely conscious
44) 3) dialog: I’m so sorry Frank... Frank looks at him for a beat.
52) 2) dialog: I don’t know why you use a pistol... Chris peers around the pillar and watches as Vernon takes shots at Justine. She looks back to him panicked. He got in this situation.
56) 0) text: Justine watches as Chris makes his advance. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank makes them count. Stevo aims and fires. Frank stops Stevo firing. 62.
64) 0) text: Dust flies in the air as the bags are hit by pistol fire. Chris cowers behind the bags. He sees an aerosol can on t ground. He picks it up. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Frank and Stevo continue to return fire. Frank sees that Justine has made her way back to her low wall position. H smiles.
68) 0) text: Chris crawls out from his cover towards the South pillar. moves methodically forward. Pulling himself along. He loo back to the AR18 Boxes. The small explosion hadn’t done m damage. He looks ahead and sees Frank and Stevo at the pillar. Frank is beckoning him in. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris is pulled behind the pillar by Frank and Stevo. Chr is exhausted. Frank grabs his head and hugs him.
69) 6) dialog: I should go.
69) 8) dialog: I am a big boy.
69) 10) dialog: Ill do it...
72) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. There is no movement. He lo back to Vernon who is now about 6 foot clear of the van. looks over to Frank in the distance. He notices movement behind the pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris watches from behind the pillar as Vernon is crawlin He takes aim. Stevo sees him too.
72) 1) dialog: HE’S COMING FRANK!
73) 1) dialog: Come on Frank... COME ON.
74) 3) dialog: 
75) 5) dialog: Take the shot. 69.
75) 7) dialog: He shot Bernie like he was a dog in the street. Stevo FIRES HIS PISTOL. The shot goes wide of Vernon. Chr looks a Stevo wild eyed. He is wasting precious ammo.
77) 0) text: Ord gets a clear shot of Stevo and takes it. He fires twi
78) 0) text: Harry ducks and cowers as the shots start flying again. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Brick shatters from the pillar. Shots are coming from bot sides. Chris pulls Stevo down to the ground.
82) 0) text: Ord looks over to Harry. Ord is trying to stop the bleedi from his new wound. He gestures to Harry to open the door Harry shrugs and makes a carkey mime. Ord looks over to where Martins lays. And then he looks back to Harry. Harry shakes his head. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Stevo scramble on the floor. Chris is punching Stevo in the head. They thrash about - each man not stron enough to get the better of the other. Chris reaches down and grabs Stevo’s leg and forces his fingers into the bullet wound. He squeezes. Stevo screams passes out. The fight is over. Chris sits for a moment panting. He sh his head in disbelief.
144) 1) dialog: Do you think he made it?
144) 4) dialog: Sleeping.
144) 6) dialog: I am sorry Chris... sorry...
144) 8) dialog: I’1l try man.
144) 10) dialog: Do you think she is dead? Chris doesn't want to believe she is dead. He moves off towards the stairs.
149) 0) text: Ord looks to the upstairs and then spots cabling coming o of the office. It’s the phone trunking. He sees it goes t box before going outside. He looks around and then makes a break for it. He shuffle forward, keeping a wary eye on the South pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is winking in and out of consciousness. He sees Ord can’t get it together to fire on him. He lifts his pistol then gives up.
176) 0) text: Harry starts to crawl across the two seats in the cab tow the driving seat. As he struggles his feet bash against t door of the van The wind shield shatters as Ord fires at the van. Glass covers Harry. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is winking in and out of consciousness. He hears Or firing. He sees Harry’s feet sticking out of the van.
176) 1) dialog: Shit... Stevo rolls onto his knees and uses all his strength to b his pistol up and take aim at Harry. He can’t see his bod just his legs. He aims for a minute then stops. The pistol is too heavy. tries to get something to rest his aim on.
177) 0) text: Harry wriggles across the seats and grabs the steering wh with his right hand. He pulls himself forward. His feet disappear into the Chevy. The side window shatters as ano bullet hits it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo realizes that his chance has gone. He drops his pis down for a moment conserving energy. He looks very pale.
178) 0) text: Harry gets into the drivers seat and puts his hand in his pocket to get the ignition key. As he pulls his hand out see it is slick with blood. He tries to select the igniti key from the bunch. His hands are slippery and it takes h few attempts to separate the keys. He finally finds the k and puts it in the ignition. He turns it. 93. The engine grinds into life. Harry allows himself a littl smile. He is very weak now. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo leans out from behind the pillar and fires.
179) 0) text: The windshield breaks again as Stevo shoots it. Shot low exits the roof of the van. Harry tries to dodge but it’s of a reflex action. Harry puts the van into gear and the deck jumps into life. John Denver’s “Annie’s Song” (this is followed by "It’s Up to You" "Cool an' Green an' Shady" "Eclipse") Harry puts his foot down on the accelerator and lurches forward. A second bullet hits Harry in the chest. He slumps back i his seat and grips the steering wheel. The Chevy is now moving at a snails pace. Harry slumps over the wheel. The Chevy starts to turn toward the South pillar in a lazy wi circle. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo is finding his range now. He takes another shot. Th puts a hole through the side of the Chevy.
180) 0) text: Harry is hit and slumps forward. The Chevy rolls on ina circle. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Stevo watches as the van moves slowly around the pillar. a wide arc maybe 1000 metres. He sees Harry inside the va trying to raise his pistol. The van starts to come closer an elliptical circle. Closer and closer. Stevo can hear t music now getting louder as the van get closer.
181) 0) text: Harry is holding on for dear life. He rests his gun on th door and fires at Stevo. He misses. The music is very lou the van. 94.
182) 0) text: Stevo sits against the pillar as the van loops near and t moves away.
187) 0) text: Chris watches Ord approach. The water is still pouring. O reaches the pillar and props himself up and looks over to Chris. He looks at Stevo.