3) 8) dialog: Justine
3) 10) dialog: AR18. Factory fresh. Vernon takes out the magazine and puts it on the table. H then pulls back the rack three times and presents it to F so he can see that there are no rounds in the weapon. All this time he has been pointing the weapon at the ground. Vernon lays the now definitely empty weapon on the table. Frank picks it up and weighs it in his hands. He passes i Chris. Chris puts down his briefcase. Martin watches this Frank notices Martin.
3) 20) dialog: Sure. Vernon rolls the bullets along the table top. Chris takes rounds and pops them in the magazine.
3) 27) dialog: Fire away. No one can hear us. 21.
3) 43) dialog: Well don’t roll about in the mud...
5) 2) dialog: Well I’ve got AR-18’s - that’s it. Ord looks at the marks
5) 5) dialog: 
5) 8) dialog: Sure
5) 11) dialog: It’s not that we don’t trust you... it’s just easier this way.
5) 18) dialog: What’s the matter with here?
5) 20) dialog: Not really...
5) 22) dialog: I’1l do them at 10% off.
5) 24) dialog: 12 Chris nods.
5) 26) dialog: Sure. I can do you that in ammo if you want.
5) 28) dialog: It’s specialist. You got a press you can do it in your garage or what not? Frank shrugs defeated.
7) 4) dialog: She vouches for us. That’s how it works. Justine smiles. Thats right.
7) 5) dialog: I don’t want to know you Frank. I’ve got enough friends already. You Don’t want to know me. She brings us all together. Its safer that way. Franks face is set. He’s smiling but he’s not happy. Just detects this. Martins is resolute in not talking.
8) 11) dialog: They like to run wet. Keep it lubed even when its dirty. He pulls out a can of lube.
8) 12) dialog: On the house... Chris plays with the folding stock.
8) 14) dialog: Sure. In the back... But not yet. Chris smiles. Everyone is cautious. Harry takes another look at Stevo as he passes with a box Stevo looks at him with vague recognition. This look turn cold dread over the next few moments. Gordon and Harry br the last box out and put it down. Round the other side of the van Stevo motions to Bernie.
8) 31) dialog: What’s the problem Gordon? 30. Martin looks at his watch and glances to Justine. She tak small step back. His watch is ticking towards 12.
8) 37) dialog: Is this true?
8) 39) dialog: You are a terrible liar son.
8) 45) dialog: I agree. Harry twitches. He is on the rack here. He knows this is wrong place. But his sense of righteousness is eating him alive.
8) 47) dialog: Well, that’s something you will have to take care of another day.
11) 0) text: Vernon fires his pistol at Stevo and the bullet nicks Ste thigh. Blood squirts out. He turns and fires behind him. Shell casings ping into the air. Chris fires his 38 hitting Vernon’s arm. He staggers back Half running. It’s like he has been punched. Martin fires his pistol involuntarily. It kicks back. The ripple going down his arm. 36. The shot ricochets across the floor and whines towards Fr Frank almost bunny hops to the side in shock. Chris fires his pistol at Harry and hits him in the side. Harrys’ jacket puffs up and explodes with blood. The bull exits. Harry spins. Already off balance. Bernie starts to realize what’s happening around him and towards a pillar. Frank fires his pistol at Vernon. He fires wide and the r hits the van. It makes a low DUNK noise. Bang Justine darts right to avoid the gun fire.
13) 0) text: Vernon dives out of the way. Harry tries to shield himsel from the incoming gunfire. It’s chaos. The initial pistol shoot-out is superceded by the introduction of much great fire power. The Ml Carbine fire continues in bursts of three. A shot wide and hits Gordon in the leg. He is spun around and collapses to the ground again.
15) 5) dialog: Hey! Chris and Vernon struggle on the floor CHANK ting CHANK ting Chris grabs one of the loose rounds and stabs Vernon in t hand with it. Vernon recoils grasping his bloodied hand. Chris scoops up three more of the long 5.56 x 45mm bullet Frank is hit in the leg and collapses. Ord pulls out an AR18 from a packing case and slams the magazine into it. He racks it. He takes aim at Howie. CHANK — The Garrand magazine is empty and pops out of the Rifle. CLANG- (this is the sound of the cartridge ejecting on th Garrand. A design fault.) Chris aims the rifle and fires at Jimmy the rifleman.
23) 0) text: Ord tracks Howie with his AR18. He lets out a burst and H collapses to the ground. Ord is out of bullets. He has shot his 20 round mag. He carefully puts the rifle down. Justine looks around and sees Howie is immobilised. Under van she can see the shapes of the other men. She crawls a towards a low wall. Chris looks to Frank. Frank is on the floor trying to cra away from the others towards the relative safety of the S PILLAR. Chris runs low to get to help Frank and is hit by Gordon. collapses in the dust. His gun skitters away. Stevo takes aim and shoots at Gordon. He misses. The echoes of the shots ring around the space. Bernie looks around. He sees the various positions where people are hiding. He is the only one not wounded. He loo to the door where the truck came in. Justine looks at her wounds. She rips her jacket and make tourniquet for her leg. She looks at her pistol and reloa it from her hand bag. She empties out the contents. Purse. Keys. Mouth spray. Perfume. Dental floss. Sanitary towel. Speed loaders *2. Needles. She breathes heavily. She peaks over the wall at the devastation. We see the warehouse in wide. Everybody is down. Smoke ha in the air. Justine can see that Frank has almost finished pulling himself over to the far pillar. He has a painful 10 metre go. Bernie gets up and makes a run for the steel shuttered ex He sprints across open ground. 41. Stevo is crawling away from the van trying to get a shot Gordon and Harry. Vernon shoots Bernie. Bernie jerks as he is hit. He keeps trying to move forward but collapses. Stevo sees Bernie collapse to the ground.
26) 0) text: There is an eerie silence in the warehouse. Smoke lazily drifts away. Light finds it and filters through. We visit each of the combatants... Jimmy the Rifleman: 42. Jimmy has propped his head against the pillar and is conscious but badly wounded Harry: Harry is on the floor. He’s been hit twice, but nothing l threatening... yet. He looks about wildly. Bernie: Bernie is face down. Dead. Frank: Frank is laying on the ground. He is breathing steadily trying to calm himself. Resting before attempting the las few meters to the South pillar. Vernon: Vernon is trying to stop his leg bleeding. He looks nervo to Ord. Gordon Gordon is in shock. He is holding his bleeding head. Howie the Rifleman: Howie is alive but crippled. He lays in a growing puddle blood. Martin: Martin is laying face down in his own blood. It bubbles a breathes. Stevo: Stevo is crawling away slowly. Trying to make it to the S pillar. He’s been crying. Justine: Justine is ripping off her trouser leg and picking the material out of the bullet wound. Ord: Ord is watching and thinking. He looks at all the people involved and tries to think where this will go next. Chris: Chris rests against the pillar. He looks at his hand. It’ shaking. He holds it with the other hand to stop the trem 43.
27) 4) dialog: My leg.
29) 0) text: Vernon crawls on all fours towards the AR18 packing cases methodically puts one hand in front of the other. He eventually makes it. Ord pulls him in. INT. WAREHOUSE EAST PILLAR. Stevo makes it to the pillar. He looks around. He sees Fr Frank makes a hand gesture... stay there...
33) 0) text: Ord looks over to Gordon. Vernon looks about. He sees whe Justine and Chris are. Franks position. He looks at Berna dead body. He looks over to Martin and Howie collapsed. H thinks for a moment. There are a lot of dead and dying pe here. He’s coming to a conclusion. Ord sees him thinking.
33) 4) dialog: Here's the thing. We have four bodies already and a load of guns. This is a very bad situation.
33) 6) dialog: I think the only way out now is to kill them all.
33) 8) dialog: This is the logical play. We can’t take the risk. Ord looks around at the damage. He looks over to where Ji was. He sees he is moving about.
33) 10) dialog: The Micks looked as surprised as us.
33) 12) dialog: Maybe it was Justine..
33) 14) dialog: How well do you know anyone? Situations change.. People like us already take a lot a risks. What’s one more? Vernon looks over to her... He’s already decided a course action. He looks back to Martin’s inert body 48.
33) 15) dialog: I worked with him for 10 years. INT. WAREHOUSE WEST PILLAR. Jimmy is sobbing. He looks at his hand. He can see colour the edge of his vision. He gets out his wallet and takes a picture of his wife and child. Jimmy sobs. He tries to pull him self together.
34) 49) dialog: I know that voice.
36) 3) dialog: I should put one in you, you little bastard. Ord turns to Vernon
36) 5) dialog: How so?
36) 7) dialog: What are you doing? Building a fort?
36) 9) dialog: Don’t they? 52.
36) 11) dialog: I guess not.
36) 13) dialog: Christ Vernon joins in building the barricades.
36) 15) dialog: Is that you Howie? There is a pause.
36) 17) dialog: Yeah, it is. What are you doing here?
36) 19) dialog: Well it fucking was...
36) 21) dialog: Who hired you?
36) 23) dialog: Sure. INT. WAREHOUSE. LOW WALL. Justine listens to the conversation.
36) 24) dialog: You have to tell me who hired you.
40) 0) text: Vernon is talking to Howie.
40) 1) dialog: I'll get you out of here Howie - just tell me who hired you.
42) 0) text: Ord looks around trying to work out who took the shot. General gun smoke is wafting about. Vernon looks around wildly
42) 1) dialog: 
42) 3) dialog: He’s fucking dead.
47) 0) text: Vernon looks at Ord. He doesn’t like it.
47) 1) dialog: What if she hired the shooters? What if she leaves here and she contacts the Irish... I shot that kid and you shot Howie - that’s murder. That’s the death sentence in Massachusetts.
47) 3) dialog: We have more people... We have the guns. Ord looks at him depressed. Vernon doesn't understand the situation.
50) 10) dialog: 
51) 0) text: Ord listens to the phone. He looks at Vernon. Vernon look grim faced. There’s a silence.
51) 1) dialog: Do you think shes dead?
52) 0) text: Vernon and Ord lay behind the boxes. Vernon takes aim aga 60.
52) 1) dialog: If she gets out then we are dead men. You understand that? INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris speed reloads. Points his pistol up at 90 degrees. Plunges the empty brass out and uses a speed loader from pocket.
54) 0) text: Ord can hear a squeaking noise. It’s the sound of the tro wheels. He moves over to the edge of the boxes and takes look. Vernon shifts over to have a look as well. He sees trolley being pushed by Chris. It’s loaded with refuse ba of rubbish. Chris can be seen bobbing about behind it. Ord looks over to where the trolley seems to be heading.
55) 0) text: Chris flinches as the bullets impact the bag and the trol There’s a small flash from the South pillar and a wooden impact as Frank shoots at them. Vernon ducks down. Ord hunkers down low. Wood chips explode around them.
57) 2) dialog: 9mm hollow point.
57) 4) dialog: Sure He aims and fires again.
62) 0) text: Vernon fires blindly. Ord doesn’t look so confident. He looks round and sees Justine disappearing behind a pillar on the west side. He realizes the plan. INT. WAREHOUSE COLLAPSED TROLLEY. Chris crawls back to the bag of rubble as fast as he can.
67) 0) text: Ord and Vernon duck for cover as they are blown off their feet.
67) 1) dialog: What the fuck was that?
69) 1) dialog: What are you laughing at?
69) 3) dialog: He’s an idiot... For what... That woman he doesn't know? 65. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris and Frank plan.
70) 2) dialog: I can make it... You cover me.
70) 4) dialog: And wait for them to bring Rick O Shea and his brothers down here. Fuck that.
70) 6) dialog: You had your chance. I’m not listening to you again. Ord looks at the distance and tries to run the play in hi head. Maybe...
70) 8) dialog: What are you doing?
70) 10) dialog: Are you kidding
70) 12) dialog: How the fuck did this happen... There’s a moment of calm between them. Ord appreciates wh Vernon is about to do even if it is crazy. 67.
71) 0) text: Vernon crawls out to the back of the van. He looks over t the South pillar. He holds his leg and grimaces. He sees Frank making his way out. He holds his pistol up. It’s he We see the gun wobbling about. Vernon tries to steady it. can’t do it. He opens the cylinder to look at how many sh he has. He frowns. He puts his hand in his pocket and fin couple of bullets. He reloads his gun. He looks over and can see Frank is further away. He takes aim. He has even less chance of hitting him now. He looks on in frustration. Vernon holsters his pistol an with a nervous look over to the South pillar he prepares crawl. He looks back to Ord. Ord has his pistol aimed at pillar. He urges Vernon on with his eyes. Vernon lays as close to the ground as he can and starts t shuffle out from behind the cover of the van.
72) 0) text: Ord watches the South pillar. There is no movement. He lo back to Vernon who is now about 6 foot clear of the van. looks over to Frank in the distance. He notices movement behind the pillar. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris watches from behind the pillar as Vernon is crawlin He takes aim. Stevo sees him too.
73) 0) text: Frank grunts as he crawls. He uses his arms to pull his b along, dragging his legs behind him. He has a steady pace now. He is pushing through detritus on the floor. Cartons abandoned refuge bags. He is huffing and puffing. He stop for a moment and looks over his shoulder. In the distance can see Vernon. He turns and looks toward the stairs. The lay about 500 meters away. Between him and the stairs are many obstacles. 68.
74) 0) text: Vernon is moving between refuse sacks. He pushes through them. He is about 100 metres from the South pillar. He ca see another pillar about 10 meters from his position. He looks to the South pillar and can’t see any movement.
75) 0) text: Ord is following Vernon’s progress. He looks over to the South Pillar. Then back to Vernon.
76) 0) text: Vernon scrambles out of the way. He pulls his pistol and shoots back towards the South pillar.
80) 0) text: Vernon makes it to the far pillar. He reloads his pistol. 70.
84) 0) text: Harry crawls towards Martin. He stops for a moment watchi the South pillar and then moves on a bit more. INT. WAREHOUSE FAR PILLAR. Vernon looks at Frank. He checks his pistol again. He tak aim and tries to support his hand. Again, he can’t do it. Vernon holsters his pistol then starts out again.
85) 0) text: Frank keeps moving. He looks back and can see Vernon in t distance. He winces and looks down at his hand. 71. It’s got a syringe sticking in it. It’s gone in quite dee He winces as he pulls it out and throws it to one side. T warehouse has obviously hosted junkies at some point. INT. WAREHOUSE. Harry gets over to Martins’ body. He turns him over. He h been shot in the head. Harry goes through his pockets try to find the keys to the van. Harry looks around and spots briefcase with the MONEY. He looks back to Ord. Ord shrug What are you waiting for?
91) 0) text: Vernon is approaching the bottom of the stairs. He is huf and puffing with exertion.
95) 0) text: Vernon gets around the corner of the stairs, looks up and sees Frank at the top. He pulls out his pistol. It gets caught in his jacket.
96) 0) text: Frank gets to the landing of the stairs and starts to tur He sees Vernon at the bottom. He sees him trying to get h pistol out. Frank moves faster kicking his way forward. Vernon fires and misses. Plaster explodes out of the wall
101) 0) text: Vernon shuffles back and tries to make a small target of himself. He points his gun wildly. Like a priest might wi cross to ward off a vampire.
107) 0) text: Vernon gets to the top of the stairs. He looks down the corridor and sees the blood trail. He pulls his pistol an takes aim to get Frank as he comes out of the office. He hear Martin howling in the warehouse.
109) 0) text: Vernon sees the paint pot slide into view.
111) 0) text: Vernon shoots the paint pot. 77.
115) 0) text: Ord sneers. He can’t tell which way this is going. He loo from the far door (where Justine and Gordon are battling) the upstairs (where Frank and Vernon are), to around the warehouse. He spots Martin in the distance. He is approaching Howies corpse.
117) 0) text: Vernon ducks down as the plaster explodes around him. He rolls down two steps of the staircase. INT. CORRIDOR. Justine moves over a plank and it bangs up and down makin noise. She moves on. Ahead of her is another door.
119) 0) text: Vernon crawls back up the stairs and heads out onto the corridor. He slides along the floor and cautiously looks the empty office.
120) 0) text: Frank crawls through the partition. It’s very dusty and f of pipes. Frank makes his way through the partition looki for an easy way through to the next room. There is an explosion as Vernon fires his gun. A beam of light sudden appears where the bullet has passed through the plaster b
124) 0) text: Vernon looks around the empty room and then out into the corridor. He moves down the corridor towards the door.
126) 0) text: Vernon tries the door. It’s locked. Suddenly the door explodes as Frank fires through it. Ver returns fire trying to match the trajectory. Dust and plaster fill the corridor.
127) 0) text: Inside the office, dust explodes as Frank shoots it out w Vernon. INT. WAREHOUSE UPSTAIRS. Vernon gets hit in the arm. He fires back blindly.
128) 0) text: Frank keeps firing until he runs out of bullets. Frank looks around him and notices the ground is wet. He sniffs the liquid. It’s some kind of cleaning fluid solve He looks low through the door and can just about make out Vernon. He grabs some more bottles of industrial solvent and pour them under the door.
132) 0) text: Vernon sees the liquid welling up from under the door. He isn’t sure what it means.
134) 0) text: Vernon watches as the liquid starts to lap around his fee He sniffs the air and starts to realize what’s about to happen. He looks around and sees a fire extinguisher on t wall. 81.
137) 0) text: Frank smashes his way into the third office. He lays ther gasping as he hears Vernon screaming.
138) 0) text: Vernon pulls the fire extinguisher off the wall and fumbl with the release on the nozzle. He is panicking. Finally gets it off and he is covered in a cloud of white smoke.
142) 0) text: Frank to the phone and picks up the reciever There is a volley of shots through the office door. The g paneling falls away to reveal Vernon. Gunsmoke drifts fro his pistol. Frank collapses to the ground DEAD. The phones dead tone can be heard: DRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
144) 0) text: Vernon lowers his gun. His breathing is shallow now. He s there and doesn't move. He is very burnt. He is done. The fire dies out. INT. WAREHOUSE ENTRANCE CORRIDOR. Justine looks at the magazine of Gordon’s gun. 6 shots le She holsters her 38 after wiping the blood off it. INT. WAREHOUSE SOUTH PILLAR. Chris sits, looking back up at where the gunshots have co from. He shakes his head slowly.
146) 0) text: Steve looks up and sees the staircase. He starts to climb makes a better job of it than Frank. Chris looks over the top of the stairs. He sees Vernon at end of the corridor. He looks like he might be dead. Chris takes aim at the man. He checks his ammo. Two shots puts the pistol back in its holster. He starts the long journey. Slowly moving hand over hand making his way forward.
148) 0) text: Vernon is not dead. But he is very badly injured. He is breathing but in a very shallow fashion. We see Chris in distance moving towards him. Vernon opens his eyes for a moment and looks at the shot door that was between him and Frank.
152) 0) text: Vernon registers that Chris is moving up the corridor. He looks around slowly with his eyes. Where did he drop his He sees it. Just out of reach. He sucks his cheeks for a of sustenance and considers his options. 86.
153) 0) text: Chris can see more clearly now. Vernon has been shot and burnt and is slumped against the wall. His pistol is abou metre away from him.
154) 0) text: Vernon gets himself ready for his attack. He will only ge one go at this. He breathes in and then launches himself towards the pistol. His body hits the ground with a thud.
156) 0) text: Vernon's sticky bloody fingers grapple for the pistol. It monumental effort. Eventually he grabs hold and brings it bare. He pulls the trigger. The gun kicks out of his hand
157) 0) text: Chris is showered in plaster and dust as the bullet tears into the wall. He aims his pistol and fires. The bullet h Vernon in the side.
158) 0) text: Vernon scrabbles for the fumbled weapon. He grabs it and turns and aims. He can’t miss at this range. He pulls the trigger and hears a sickening click. The gun is empty.
159) 0) text: Chris has one last shot. He takes it and shoots Vernon in nose. Vernon slumps down - finally dead. Chris moves towa him and goes through his pockets. He has extra bullets fo his gun and a packet of peanuts. Chris devours the peanut