0) 445) dialog: (startled) Thank you!
0) 447) dialog: (hesitates) I see.
0) 450) dialog: I'll go ahead and open it, anyway.
0) 454) dialog: (reading) “For my dearest, darling, treasured, cherished Agatha, whom I worship. With respect, adoration, admiration, kisses gratitude, best wishes, and love. From Z. to A.” 58. Agatha looks to Zero with tears in her eyes. He smiles sadly.
0) 456) text: M. Gustave sits opposite Agatha at a long table with his hand resting on top of hers as he leans close to her recounting something vividly. They both laugh uproariously. M. Gustave says loudly, aside, to Zero:
0) 459) text: A white porcelain crossed-keys pendant hanging from a velvet ribbon around Agatha’s thin neck. Agatha admires her pendant. Zero grumbles:
0) 465) dialog: yes. Zero looks to M. Gustave with satisfaction. M. Gustave shrugs this off with a wave of the hand, then offers a benediction:
0) 470) text: Zero, keeping a look-out at the kitchen door, gives an urgent signal. Agatha swiftly covers the pastries with a damp cheese-cloth just as Herr Mendl crosses into the room, throws open a huge brick-oven, and checks on a batch of gateaux 1’Opéra.
0) 498) dialog: 
0) 501) dialog: (evenly) You stole -- art?
0) 504) dialog: Zero. I'm a baker.
0) 506) dialog: Not a “fence” (if that’s the term). I don’t trade in stolen property.
0) 510) dialog: Yes, Herr Mendl. The door closes. Agatha looks up to Zero. He holds up the sliver of paper. She shakes her head and whispers:
0) 511) dialog: No.
0) 776) dialog: Compliments of Herr Mendl. For the Executive Staff. Agatha takes a smaller box off the top of the stack and sets it down in front of the soldier. The soldier hesitates. He opens the box and sees inside: one Courtesan au chocolat. He looks back up to Agatha, hopeful. She nods. He signals for her to proceed. An officer with a crew-cut mans the concierge desk. A badge on his chest reads: Military Concierge. He is M. Chuck. Mr. Mosher stands beside him taking notes while he dictates orders:
0) 780) text: Agatha reaches into her pocket and withdraws Zero’s hand- written square of tissue-paper and a small magnifying glass. She squints and studies the tiny document. She quickly spins the dial and opens the door. Agatha whips the fur stole off the radiator. Agatha pulls out the wrapped painting Agatha tucks the package under her arm, exits the vault, and re-locks the doors.
0) 794) dialog: Six. Just as the elevator operator starts to shut the gate -- a voice commands him:
0) 821) text: The dangling package. A section of the wrapping paper has torn away, and the corner of a pale-pink envelope is visible pasted to the back of the picture. Zero stares down at Agatha, horrified. He mutters to himself: 108.
0) 825) dialog: (dazed) I think so. Zero embraces Agatha. He kisses her passionately. He looks into her eyes. She says, woozy:
0) 826) dialog: Something’s on the back of the picture.
0) 846) dialog: (reciting) “Whence came these two, radiant celestial brothers, united, for an instant, as they crossed the stratosphere of our starry window? One from the East, and one from the West.”