0) 1) dialog: 
0) 4) dialog: It is an extremely common mistake: people think the writer’s imagination is always at work, that he is constantly inventing an endless supply of incidents and episodes, that he simply dreams-up his stories out of thin air. In point of fact, the opposite is true. Once the public knows you are a writer, they bring the characters and events to you -- and as long as you maintain your ability to look and carefully listen, these stories will continue to seek you out -- A six-year-old boy dressed in a grey military uniform with short trousers appears next to the desk and points a miniature Luger pistol at the author. The author warns him, icy:
0) 6) dialog: Don’t do it. Don’t! The boy hesitates, then fires. A yellow, plastic pellet xicochets off the author’s chest and rings against a whiskey glass as the author makes a violent lunge for the boy -- who evades him and dashes off. The author looks at a note-card and rambles a bit, searching for his place:
0) 7) dialog: Over your lifetime. I can’t tell you how many times. Somebody comes up to me (back on track) To him who has often told the tales of others, many tales will be told. The boy returns, the gun now tucked under his belt, and sits, immediately comfortable, on the author’s lap with the old man’s arms wrapped around his shoulders. The conflict seems never to have existed. They both look into the camera as the author concludes:
0) 8) dialog: The incidents that follow were described to me exactly as I present them here, and in a wholly unexpected way.
0) 10) dialog: A number of years ago, while suffering from a mild case of “Scribe’s Fever” (a form of neurasthenia common among the intelligentsia of that time) I had decided to spend the month of August in the spa town of Nebelsbad below the Alpine Sudetenwaltz -- and had taken up rooms in the Grand Budapest -- The camera comes to a stop as it reveals a sprawling nineteenth-century hotel and baths situated on a wide plateau. There is a deep, formidable staircase up to a regal entrance. There is a promenade above and a glass- panelled conservatory below. A rickety funicular groans as it slowly climbs its hillside tracks. The grass needs cutting, the roof needs patching, and more or less every surface of the building needs a coat of paint.
0) 12) dialog: a picturesque, elaborate, and once widely-celebrated establishment. I expect some of you will know it. It was off- season and, by that time, decidedly out- of-fashion; and it had already begun its descent into shabbiness and eventual demolition.
0) 15) dialog: What few guests we were had quickly come to recognize one another by sight as the only living souls residing in the vast establishment -- although I do not believe any acquaintance among our number had proceeded beyond the polite nods we exchanged as we passed in the Palm Court and the Arabian Baths and onboard the Colonnade Funicular. We were a very reserved group, it seemed -- and, without exception, solitary.
0) 18) text: damage above seeps dangerously close to the picture- frame. The author (a fictionalized version of himself) wanders into the room with his hands in his pockets. He has dark circles under his eyes.
0) 19) dialog: Perhaps as a result of this general silence, I had established a casual and bantering familiarity with the hotel’s concierge, a West-continental known only as M. Jean, who struck one as being, at once, both lazy and, really, quite accommodating. M. Jean quickly stubs out his cigarette as the author approaches -- and tucks the butt into his coat pocket.
0) 20) dialog: I expect he was not well-paid. The author and M. Jean chat amicably as they study a pamphlet of Alpine tourist sites.
0) 21) dialog: In any case, one evening, as I stood conferring elbow-to-elbow with M. Jean, as had become my habit, I noticed a new presence in our company. At the far end of a colonnade, beyond Reception, a dark- skinned, white-haired seventy-year-old man in a three- piece-suit sits alone smoking a pipe. He is Mr. Moustafa.
0) 22) dialog: A small, elderly man, smartly dressed, with an exceptionally lively, intelligent face -- and an immediately perceptible air of sadness. He was, like the rest of us, alone -- but also, I must say, he was the first that struck one as being deeply and truly, lonely. (A symptom of my own medical condition, as well. Mr. Moustafa drinks a sip of sherry. The author lowers his voice and asks discreetly:
0) 23) dialog: “who's this interesting, old fellow,” I inquired of M. Jean. To my surprise, he was distinctly taken aback. “Don’t you know?” he asked. “Don’t you recognize him?” He did look familiar. “That’s Mr Moustafa himself! He arrived early this morning.”
0) 24) text: The author looks to Mr. Moustafa again. Mr. Moustafa is now staring directly back at the author. The author quickly looks away and examines a detail in the woodwork on the ceiling.
0) 25) dialog: This name will, no doubt, be familiar to the more seasoned persons among you. Mr. Zero Moustafa was, at one time, the richest man in Zubrowka; and was still indeed, the owner of the Grand Budapest. “He often comes and stays a week or more, three times a year, at least -- but never in the season.” M. Jean signalled to me and I leaned closer. “I'll tell you a secret. He takes only a single-bed sleeping-room without a bath in the rear corner of the top floor -- and it’s smaller than the service elevator!” The author seems genuinely intrigued by this information. He nods thoughtfully.
0) 26) dialog: It was well-known: Moustafa had purchased and famously inhabited some of the most lavish castles and pallazzos on the continent -- yet, here, in his own nearly-empty hotel, he occupied a servant’s quarters? M,. Jean frowns. The fat businessman, sitting at a table in the middle of the lobby drinking hot chocolate and eating biscotti -- appears to be choking to death.
0) 27) dialog: At that moment the curtain rose on a parenthetical, domestic drama which required the immediate and complete attention of M. Jean —- M. Jean dashes out from behind his desk. As he performs an improvised version of the Heimlich maneuver on the fat businessman, the German hiker enters the lobby with his St. Bernard. The rescue dog, sensing a human in distress, charges avidly, hurdling three tables and jostling the dessert cart, and arrives at the fat businessman's side just as a significant hunk of biscotti rockets out of his mouth, into the air, and lands on a saucer at the next table. M. Jean immediately detaches a cask hanging from the dog’s neck, pours a generous shot of brandy into a water glass, and forces it down the fat businessman's throat.
0) 29) dialog: -- but, frankly, did not hold mine for long. The other guests of the hotel begin to gather around the gasping victim as the author makes his way into the elevator. He presses a button, and the doors close.
0) 30) text: The author appears pensive as he: lies in bed that night staring up at the ceiling; sits in the dining room at breakfast eating toast and gazing into space; and floats through the conservatory ignoring flora at noon. He nods to the schoolteacher sketching an orchid. She smiles and nods back.
0) 31) dialog: However, this premature intermission in the story of the curious, old man had left me, as the expression goes gespannant wie ein Flitzebogen, that is, on the edge of my seat -- where I remained throughout the next morning until, in what I have found to be its mysterious and utterly reliable fashion: fate, once again, intervened on my behalf.
0) 34) dialog: I beg your pardon?
0) 36) text: There is a small splash, and Mr. Moustafa leans into view from behind a partition where he himself is soaking in a cubicle three tubs over. He wears a bathing cap. The author sits up straight and says formally:
0) 37) dialog: Thank you most kindly, sir.
0) 39) dialog: (reluctantly) I must confess, sir, I did, myself, inquire about you.
0) 41) dialog: The thermal baths are very beautiful
0) 43) dialog: How did you come to buy it, if I may ask? The Grand Budapest. Pause. Mr. Moustafa disappears back behind the partition. The author looks slightly puzzled. Mr. Moustafa immediately reappears, but he has turned himself around in the tub and is now facing the opposite direction so he can more comfortably rest in view. He
0) 49) dialog: By all means. Another waiter arrives to uncork a split of champagne and pours a thimbleful. Mr. Moustafa tastes it and nods. The waiter pours two, full coupes. They each drink a long sip. Finally, Mr. Moustafa settles in:
0) 163) dialog: Why blonde?
0) 437) dialog: At this point in the story, the old man fell silent and pushed away his saddle of lamb. His eyes went blank as two stones. I could see he was in distress. “Are you ill, Mr. Moustafa?” I finally asked. “Oh, dear me, no," he said. “It’s only that I don’t know how to proceed.” He was crying. Mr. Moustafa smiles sadly with tears streaming down his cheeks. The author looks worried.
0) 862) dialog: What happened in the end?
0) 865) dialog: After dinner, we went to collect the keys to our rooms -- but M. Jean had abandoned his post. Mr. Moustafa looks around. He shrugs. He says, bittersweet:
0) 867) dialog: In recent years, of course, such properties and holdings as the Grand Budapest had with very few exceptions become -- common property. 115. Mr. Moustafa takes great pleasure as he: opens a drawer and tidies up its contents slightly; pulls a stack of envelopes out of a slot, flips through them, and hands one to the author; straightens “Boy with Apple” slightly; then takes two keys off their hooks.
0) 868) dialog: While the precise terms of his negotiation with the new government had never been announced, the result was an open secret: Zero Moustafa had traded a great and important fortune in exchange for one costly, unprofitable, doomed hotel. Why?
0) 869) text: The author’s room key as Mr. Moustafa places it onto the desk. It is labelled M. GUSTAVE SUITE.
0) 870) dialog: Was it merely sentimental? Mr. Moustafa holds the author by the arm with two hands as the author walks him the length of the room to the elevator.
0) 871) dialog: It was quite forward of me and a bit out of character, but I felt I must know -- for my health, I suppose. I took the plunge.
0) 873) dialog: Forgive me for asking. I hope I haven’t upset you.
0) 875) dialog: (long pause) Is it simply your last connection to that -- vanished world? His world, if you will?
0) 880) dialog: (politely) No, I'll sit for a little while. Good night.
0) 882) dialog: The next week, I sailed for a cure in South America and began a long, wandering journey abroad. I did not return to Burope for many years.
0) 884) dialog: It was an enchanting, old ruin -- but I never managed to see it again. The light goes out.