0) 262) dialog: This is Madame D’s Last Will and Testament. It consists of a general tontine drawn up before the event of her husband's death forty-six years ago -- Deputy Kovacs lifts a faded, fragile slip of paper out of the box. He places it delicately onto the table.
0) 263) dialog: -- in combination with 635 amendments, notations, corrections, and letters of wishes executed during the subsequent decades. Deputy Kovacs reaches into the box with two hands and pulls out an enormous pile of scraps, slips, shreds, slivers, forms, files, post-cards, and various bits of lint and loose thread. He plants it all down with a thud.
0) 264) dialog: The ultimate legality of this accumulation requires further analysis; but, in the opinion of this office, it was Madame D‘s intention that control of the vast bulk of her estate should be transferred, forthwith, to her son, Dmitri --
0) 266) dialog: with special allowances for his sisters Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina --
0) 269) dialog: -- and minor gifts for various members of the extended family as shown in the List of Recipients, which I will elucidate in due course. There is a mumbling of general approval around the room and throughout the gallery of distant relations. A few take notes. Deputy Kovacs interjects:
0) 270) dialog: However. Voices hush. Pause.
0) 271) dialog: An additional codicil, delivered into my possession by post only this morning and, by all indications, sent by Madame D. during the last hours of her life, contains an amendment to the original certificate, which, as prescribed by law, I will read to you now. The authenticity of this document has not yet been confirmed by the presiding magistrate, so I ask that all parties be patient and refrain from comment until such time as our investigations can be completed. Dmitri and Jopling confer at a tense whisper. The sisters grumble, dismayed. The group as a whole sits up to attention. Deputy Kovacs slides a hand-written letter on pale-pink paper out of an envelope and reads:
0) 272) dialog: “To my esteemed friend who comforted me in my later years and brought sunshine into the life of an old woman who thought she would never be happy again -- M. Gustave H. -- I bequeath, bestow, and devise, free of all taxation and with full and absolute fiduciary entitlement, the painting known as ‘Boy with Apple’ -- 37.
0) 274) dialog: -- by Johannes van Hoytl -- M. Gustave grips Zero by the shoulder like a vise. Zero grimaces:
0) 276) dialog: -- the younger -- Dmitri drops a tumbler on the floor. He blurts angrily:
0) 278) dialog: -- which gave us both so much pleasure.” Deputy Kovacs looks up. The three sisters talk loudly over each other simultaneously:
0) 359) dialog: “In the small hours of the evening of nineteen October, an individual well- known to the house and staff, a M. Gustave H, did arrive at the Desgoffe und Taxis residence in Lutz and enter by the rear service alley, alerting no one to his presence, and did then proceed by way of back-stairs and servants-passage, to deliver himself into the private chambers of Madame D. There is no evidence to indicate whether this visit had been pre- arranged with her or not. The next morning, Madame D. was found dead by strychnine poisoning. M. Gustave was not. observed on the premises again until,” of course, “twenty-four hours later.” The identity of his accusers is made clear in this notarized deposition. Deputy Kovacs produces another document which he hands to Zero. Zero studies it as Deputy Kovacs continues:
0) 360) dialog: They include, essentially, all members of the extended family -- but the key witness who actually (ostensibly) saw the alleged events appears to have fled the jurisdiction. His whereabouts are (more) 48. DEPUTY KOVACS (cont'd) currently unknown, but he’s being sought and pursued by the relevant authorities.
0) 474) dialog: Something's missing. A crucial document, either misplaced or, conceivably, destroyed. I don’t know what it contains, I don’t know what it represents, I don’t know what it is -- but there are traces and shadows of it everywhere. (motioning to the stacks of paper Now, I don’t want to alarm you, and I don’t expect to see any significant change in the magistrate’s ultimate decision vis-a-vis your own inheritance; but, especially given the circumstances of the death, as well as the disappearance of the key witness in the murder case (Serge X.), I suggest we immediately bring this matter to the attention of the municipal inspector so there can be absolutely no question of impropriety at any future date. Agreed?
0) 476) dialog: (puzzled) Not agreed?
0) 479) dialog: Yes, Dmitri?
0) 481) dialog: I beg your pardon?
0) 483) dialog: (hesitates) Well, in point of fact, I’m the executor of the estate. In this particular situation -- I represent the deceased.
0) 485) dialog: Yeah. A provision for my fees was included in the --
0) 487) dialog: (long pause) I’m an attorney, Dmitri. I’m obligated to proceed according to the rule of law. Not agreed. Dmitri’s eyes peer sideways. He says quietly, menacing:
0) 489) dialog: Did he just throw my cat out the window? The three sisters turn around quickly. They answer simultaneously:
0) 519) text: Deputy Kovacs’ hand on the knob. A second hand, wearing brass knuckles, gently enfolds it.
0) 644) text: A police report with a photograph of Deputy Kovacs’ body in a pharaoh’s casket with his hands crossed on his chest. A section at the bottom of the page is labelled FINGERPRINTS. There are five for the left hand, but only a thumb for the right. Jopling studies the document. He shrugs.