0) 277) dialog: What?
0) 284) dialog: That fucking faggot! He’s a concierge. What are you doing here?
0) 286) dialog: (turning to the room) This man is an intruder in my home
0) 288) dialog: You’re not getting “Boy with Apple”, you goddamn little fruit!
0) 290) dialog: Call the police. We're pressing charges. This criminal has plagued my family for nearly twenty years. He’s a ruthless adventurer and a con-artist who preys on mentally feeble, sick old ladies -- and he probably fucks them, too! The three sisters look horrified. One of the little old ladies gasps. Shocked faces look to M. Gustave. He shrugs and says tentatively:
0) 295) dialog: If I learn you ever once laid a finger on my mother’s body, living or dead, I swear to God, I’1l cut your throat! (screaming) You hear me?
0) 297) dialog: (hesitates) You are, but you're bisexual!
0) 475) dialog: (simply) Not agreed.
0) 477) dialog: (with finality) Not agreed. Silence. The three sisters are stoic. Jopling is stony. Dmitri and Deputy Kovacs stare at each other blankly.
0) 478) dialog: Can I ask you a question, Vilmos? 61.
0) 480) dialog: Who you working for?
0) 482) dialog: I thought you're supposed to be our lawyer.
0) 484) dialog: Oh, yeah?
0) 486) dialog: Just wrap it up, and don’t make waves. Agreed?
0) 488) dialog: This stinks, sisters. Deputy Kovacs looks insulted. Dmitri stands up, walks to the door, and exits. The cat squeals. Jopling follows Dmitri out the door. Deputy Kovacs’ mouth falls open. He points, astonished, across the room:
0) 648) dialog: Talk to his club-footed sister again -- and, this time: be persuasive. Dmitri hangs up. He crosses into the library and stands in front of a snooker table. The box containing Madame D’s will sits among billiard balls in the middle of it. Its contents have been spread-out and scattered into a sprawling mess. Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina play cards and sip at tiny glasses of port on the other end of the room. Dmitri drinks a vodka in one gulp. He shuffles and sifts among the scraps, preoccupied. He picks up a folded sliver of cream-colored writing-paper. He opens it.
0) 649) text: A page of Grand Budapest Hotel stationary with a set of crossed keys insignia at the top. Hand-written below is: Remember: I’m always with you Dmitri stares at the piece of paper. He tosses it back onto the table. It lands on top of a faded, old photograph of “Boy with Apple” with the stamp at the bottom of a long-defunct auction house. Dmitri frowns. He turns around and looks up at the wall above the fireplace directly behind him. His face goes white.
0) 651) dialog: Holy fuck! What’s the meaning of this shit? Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina all look. They seem confused. They respond simultaneously:
0) 655) dialog: Are you fucking kidding me? Clotilde has materialized. Dmitri turns to her. Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina turn to her, also. Clotilde’s voice cracks and quivers as she says:
0) 793) dialog: (interrupting) Excuse me. Dmitri bolts into the room. Agatha’s eyes dart, searching for an escape-route, as she zooms among the tables, couches, tea-trays, officers, waiters, and bellboys At the concierge desk: Henckels looks up from signing the guest book. He watches Agatha pass. He watches Dmitri grimly pursuing her. He looks intrigued. Agatha bee-lines into the elevator. The elevator operator looks to her and waits. She hesitates. She names the top floor:
0) 795) dialog: Hold it. The elevator operator pauses. Dmitri enters and stands next to Agatha. He stares ahead into space and repeats:
0) 796) dialog: Six. The elevator operator slams the door. Henckels watches from across the lobby. He says to Anatole:
0) 807) dialog: Pretty picture. Agatha does not respond. They come to a stop, and the elevator operator opens the gate.
0) 809) dialog: Where’s “Boy with Apple”?
0) 811) dialog: (hesitates) I’m going to blast your candy-ass once and for all right now! Dmitri instantly leans down, lifts up his trouser leg, and draws a small-calibre hand-gun from a strap under his sock. He fires. M, Gustave and Zero throw their boxes in every direction and duck to the sides of the elevator. Dmitri fires again. Bullets ricochet. A door opens half-way down the corridor. An officer wearing his uniform tunic but no trousers looks out at Dmitri, alerted, with a Luger pistol in his hand.
0) 815) dialog: (behind his barricade) That’s Gustave H! The escaped murderer and art thief! I’ve got him cornered! M. Gustave and Zero remain tucked against the walls on the floor of the service elevator. M. Gustave yells, enraged: