0) 224) dialog: What's the problem? All the soldiers snap to attention as a young officer appears in the doorway. He is well-groomed and clean- shaven. He wears a dress-grey uniform with a cape. He is Henckels. The first soldier hands him the scrap of paper and starts to explain the situation -- but M. Gustave interrupts calmly with blood trickling from his nose: 30.
0) 226) dialog: M. Gustave? M. Gustave looks at Henckels, curious. He nods slowly.
0) 227) dialog: My name is Henckels. I’m the son of Dr. and Mrs. Wolfgang Henckels-Bergersdérfer. Do you remember me?
0) 229) dialog: I’m terribly embarrassed. (to the soldiers) Release them. The soldiers immediately remove the hand-cuffs from both M. Gustave and Zero while Henckels takes out a note-book and begins to scribble something onto a yellow ticket. M. Gustave sits down and presses his pink handkerchief onto his nostril. Henckels says as he writes:
0) 230) dialog: Your colleague is stateless. He’ll need to apply for a revised Special Transit Permit, which, honestly, at this point, may be very difficult to acquire. Take this. Henckels finishes writing, tears the ticket out of his note-book, and hands it to M. Gustave.
0) 231) dialog: It's temporary, but it’s the best I can offer, I’m afraid.
0) 233) dialog: very well, thank you.
0) 235) dialog: I will. Henckels motions politely for Zero to return to his seat and hands the scrap of paper back to him. Zero tucks it carefully into an envelope. His hands are shaking. Henckels says gently:
0) 236) dialog: Your companion was very kind to me when I was a lonely little boy. (to both M. Gustave and Zero) My men and I apologize for disturbing you. Henckels turns coldly to the first soldier. He looks sheepish. He says, robotic, to M. Gustave:
0) 635) dialog: I want roadblocks at every junction for fifty kilometers. I want railblocks at every train station for a hundred kilometers. I want fifty men and ten bloodhounds ready in five minutes. We're going to strip-search every pretzel-haus waffel-hut, biergarten -- and especially every grand hotel -- from Augenzburg to zilchbriick. These men are dangerous, professional criminals. (At least, three of them are, anyway.) Henckels hesitates. He squints across the room. He points.
0) 636) dialog: Who are you? The guards and soldiers all turn to look past the bunks behind them and clear the view to: Jopling alone in the dim back corner.
0) 637) dialog: What are you doing here? Civilian personnel aren’t permitted in the cell- block. This is a military investigation. 82. Jopling steps fully into view. A shifty guard explains nervously:
0) 639) dialog: Shut up. Henckels climbs up out of the hole as Jopling approaches and offers his card. Henckel snaps it up, gives it a fraction-of-a-second look, then hands it off to an underling.
0) 640) dialog: You work for the family Desgoffe und Taxis? Pause. Jopling nods. Henckels asks pointedly:
0) 641) dialog: Are you aware of the murder of Deputy Vilmos Kovacs on the twenty-third of October?
0) 643) dialog: His body was found stuffed in a sarcophagus behind a storage room at the Kunstmuseum late last night. He was short four fingers. What do you say about that? Henckels withdraws a type-written document out of his coat. He holds it up.
0) 645) dialog: Escort Mr. Jopling off the premises. Jopling makes his way toward the cell door accompanied by several soldiers. He pauses just before he exits. He leans down and picks up a flattened, pink, cardboard box 83. off the floor. He scrapes a ridge of icing with his finger and licks the tip. He says softly:
0) 676) dialog: (pause) Where’s the basket? The lieutenant points across the room. Henckels sighs. He stands up and walks over to a laundry basket on top of a desk against the wall. Pause. He reaches into it and lifts out, by the hair: Serge’s sister's severed head.
0) 756) text: A binocular shot of Zero dragging M. Gustave back up onto solid ground. They dust the snow off their bodies and catch their breath. Henckels’ voice shouts over a megaphone:
0) 757) dialog: Halt! M. Gustave and Zero look across the hill-side to the next slope. A hundred advancing troops hurry toward them, descending swiftly. The tiny figure of Henckels at the head of the squadron continues forcefully:
0) 758) dialog: Gustave H! You're a fugitive from justice! Do not attempt to flee Surrender lawfully, and I personally vouchsafe your fair treatment! Repeat: do not attempt to flee! M,. Gustave turns to Zero. Zero says, unsure:
0) 797) dialog: Get M. Chuck. Anatole nods and dashes away. At the front door: M. Gustave and Zero stride into the building holding two tall stacks of pink, card-board pastry-boxes. They stop. M. Gustave says warmly:
0) 813) dialog: Cease fire! Cease fire! Stop it! The gunfire pauses. Everyone remains poised for the next volley. Henckels hollers: 107.
0) 814) dialog: Who's shooting who?
0) 817) dialog: (hesitates) Nobody move! Everybody's under arrest! There is a loud creak, then a crashing bang. M. Chuck squints at an open window in a small alcove across from him.