0) 429) dialog: Check-point Nineteen ain’t no two-bit hoosegow. You got broad-gauge iron bars on every door, vent, and window. You got barb’ wire on every containment wall and barricade. You got seventy-two guards on the floor and sixteen more in the towers. You got a 325 foot drop into a moat full of crocodiles -- but, like the best of ‘em, it’s got a soft spot, which in this case happens to take the form of a storm- drain sewer-system datin’ from the time of the original rock fortification way back in the middle ages. Now, nobody’s (more) 55. LUDWIG (cont'd) sayin’ it’s a stroll down a tree-lined promenade with a fine lady and a white poodle, but it’s got what you'd call “vulnerability” -- and that’s our bread and butter. Take a look. Ludwig produces a crude but highly detailed map and floor-plan of the castle compound drawn with charcoal on a strip of butcher paper. M. Gustave examines it with fixed concentration. He says pointedly:
0) 431) dialog: (stiffening) What do you mean, “Who drew this?” I did.
0) 434) dialog: You hit the nail on the head there, Mr. Gustave. We got fake documents, second- hand street clothes, and a rope-ladder made out of sticks and bunk-linens -- but we need diggin’ tools, and that’s provin’ hard to come by in this flop-house.
0) 494) text: Four small hammers tap rapid-fire at four half-scale chisels, chipping away into a cement pot-hole. They are making good progress. INT. LUDWIG’S CELL. NIGHT M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, and Ludwig work diligently by candle-light under a wooden table. Periodically, Wolf scoops-up the powdery debris with a soup ladle and throws it aside. Ludwig looks up suddenly, alerted. He holds up a finger.
0) 495) dialog: Shh! M,. Gustave, Pinky, and Giinther stop tapping at once. They listen attentively. Feet creak along the thick, wooden floor outside the cell -- and come to a halt directly in front of the door. Silence. There is a loud but muffled sneeze. The feet begin to creak again and fade-away until they are inaudible. Ludwig signals to the others. They resume their tapping.
0) 527) dialog: Let’s blow! The cell launches into soundless activity: bed-linens are whisked away, the table is carried into the corner, and a row of floor-planks is carefully lifted. M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig are all dressed like vagabonds already and carry various sacks and baskets. One-by-one, they disappear into the floor. A pair of hands, at the rear, reaches up to replace the planks.
0) 531) text: The stump of one of the bars. A little noose is fitted over it and pulled tight. Giinther assists Ludwig as they slowly feed an unfurling tangle of rope and rungs out the window, inch-by-inch.
0) 534) dialog: Shut up! The convict frowns. He turns to his unseen bunk-mates and says loudly:
0) 536) dialog: What’s wrong with you, you goddamn snitch?
0) 540) text: The bottom of the rope ladder which ends half-way down the tower. M. Gustave, Pinky, Giinther, Wolf, and Ludwig step onto a narrow ledge and make their way, side- stepping cautiously, around the circumference of the building. They arrive at a small sloped roof and open a trap-door.
0) 544) dialog: Woah!
0) 549) dialog: Anyway, he went out with a bloody knife in his fist jammed into the gut of a dyin’ prison guard. I think that’s how he would’ve wanted it, don’t you? M. Gustave, Pinky, and Wolf nod and solemnly concur, muttering. They climb down into the hole.
0) 554) dialog: No time to gab. Take care of yourself Mr. Gustave. Good luck, kid. Pinky, Wolf, and Ludwig sprint away into the woods. M. Gustave watches them go, bittersweet. He grabs Zero by the shoulder and says, suddenly urgent: