0) 692) dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad?
0) 694) dialog: Get on the next cable-car. The monk points. A cable-car is just arriving down the sloping line from an adjacent peak. M. Gustave hesitates. The monk urges him on with a brusque motion. M. Gustave and Zero sprint across the balcony, scramble down a flight of steps, and race out onto the boarding platform. A family of six waits in skiing costumes. They stare at M. Gustave and Zero as they arrive, breathless. A tramway operator holds open the door. Everyone boards, squeezing. 90.
0) 695) text: The cable-car sets-off up and across the wide ravine. M. Gustave and Zero sit side-by-side with the curious, silent family. The father sniffs the air. He looks irritated. Half-way there: the cable-car slams to a stop with a clunk. Everyone is startled. The stalled vehicle sways in the quiet wind. The father looks up. The mother looks down. The children look to each other. In the distance: there is a faint, mechanical hum. M. Gustave and Zero look out. Another cable-car is ascending at a diagonal on a different line. They all watch as it slowly approaches. Just as it is about to criss-cross their path: it slams to a stop, too. Another elderly, cloaked monk stares out from inside the other cable-car. He is alone in the vehicle. He studies M. Gustave and Zero for a moment, frowning. He whispers loudly:
0) 696) dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad?
0) 698) dialog: Switch with me. The monk unlatches the door of his cable-car and opens it. The family watch nervously as M. Gustave and Zero stand up, rocking the vehicle, open their own door, and carefully exit. They reluctantly lunge across the precarious abyss. The monk changes places with them. There is another clunk, and the two cable-cars resume their journeys. M. Gustave and Zero exchange a look. Their new cable-car continues up toward its destination. A sign above the arrival platform reads: Our Holy Father of the Sudetenwaltz. Directly below it, there is a walled fort with a steeple and a tall stone cross. Another tramway attendant holds the door open for them as they disembark. 91.
0) 700) dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad?
0) 702) dialog: Put these on and sing. The monk thrusts a small bundle into M. Gustave’s hands. It consists of: two cloaks and two hymnals. The echoing sound of a Gregorian chant begins to rise from all around. M. Gustave and Zero swiftly slip-on the cloaks just as a procession of a hundred monks enters from two directions, merges in the church-yard, and advances double-file toward the chapel. M. Gustave and Zero open their hymnals at random and slip into the procession.
0) 704) dialog: Psst. M. Gustave and Zero turn around. Another elderly, cloaked monk kneels on a kneeler behind them with his hands folded in prayer. He studies them for a moment, frowning. He whispers:
0) 705) dialog: Are you M. Gustave of the -- 92.
0) 707) dialog: Confess. M. Gustave looks deeply offended and flabbergasted. He snaps:
0) 709) dialog: (annoyed) No, no. The monk points to a confessional booth in the transept. M. Gustave hesitates. He nods, realizing. He and Zero look down the row of kneeling legs. They step up onto the pew, slink quickly in a crouch to the aisle, then hop down to the floor. Monks, watching them, frown. M. Gustave and Zero hurry together into the confessional booth and close the door.