0) 24) text: The author looks to Mr. Moustafa again. Mr. Moustafa is now staring directly back at the author. The author quickly looks away and examines a detail in the woodwork on the ceiling.
0) 33) dialog: I admire your work. The author hesitates. He looks around. He is not sure which general direction the voice came from.
0) 35) dialog: I said, I know and admire your wonderful work.
0) 36) text: There is a small splash, and Mr. Moustafa leans into view from behind a partition where he himself is soaking in a cubicle three tubs over. He wears a bathing cap. The author sits up straight and says formally:
0) 38) dialog: (teasing slightly) Did M. Jean have a word or two to share with you about the aged proprietor of this establishment?
0) 40) dialog: (resigned) He's perfectly capable, of course, M. Jean -- but we can’t claim he’s a first- or, in earnest, even second-rate concierge. (sadly) But there it is. Times have changed. The author nods, attentive. He changes the subject to observe encouragingly, motioning toward the plunging pool across the hall:
0) 42) dialog: (gently) They were, in their first condition. It couldn’t be maintained, of course. Too decadent for current tastes -- but I love it all, just the same. This enchanting, old ruin. Mr. Moustafa looks wistfully around the vaulted space. The author squints, holds up a finger, and asks gingerly:
0) 45) dialog: I didn’t. At this moment, one of the matrons of the hammam blasts the fat, now naked, businessman with a jet of icy water. He hollers as he is sprayed-down. Silence. Mr. Moustafa and the author look back to each other. Each has raised an eyebrow. They both smile slightly.
0) 46) dialog: If you're not merely being polite (and you must tell me if that’s the case), but if it genuinely does interest you: may I invite you to dine with me tonight, and it will be my pleasure and, indeed, my privilege to tell you -- “my” story. Such as it is.
0) 48) dialog: That should provide us ample time -- if I commence promptly.
0) 50) dialog: It begins, as it must, with our mutual friend’s predecessor. The beloved, original concierge of the Grand Budapest. (with deep affection) It begins, of course, with --
0) 150) dialog: And so, my life began. Junior Lobby Boy (in-training), Grand Budapest Hotel under the strict command of M. Gustave H. I became his pupil, and he was to be my counselor and guardian.
0) 158) dialog: I began to realize that many of the hotel’s most valued and distinguished guests -- came for him. Zero looks back briefly over his shoulder as he starts down the staircase and sees M. Gustave slip into the suite. The door locks.
0) 159) dialog: It seemed to be an essential part of his duties, but I believe it was also his pleasure.
0) 161) dialog: The requirements were always the same They had to be: rich, old, insecure, vain, superficial, blonde, needy
0) 164) dialog: (after a moment’s reflection) Because they all were.
0) 166) dialog: He was, by the way, the most liberally perfumed man I had ever encountered. The scent announced his approach from a great distance and lingered for many minutes after he was gone. As the elevator descends, the middle-aged couple sniffs the air. The man looks irritated. The woman swoons slightly.
0) 168) dialog: I worked six days each week plus a half- day Sunday, five a.m. until just after midnight. Our meals were small but frequent (for stamina): two breakfasts, two lunches, and a late supper. M. Gustave also delivered a nightly sermon:
0) 171) dialog: His own dinner, he took alone in his room.
0) 174) dialog: The identity of the owner of the hotel was unknown to all of us. Each month, his emissary, known as Deputy Kovacs, arrived to review the books and convey messages on behalf of the mysterious proprietor.
0) 176) dialog: On these occasions, M. Gustave and our business manager, Herr Becker, met with him in private consultation above Reception.
0) 178) dialog: This was also when I met Agatha -- Agatha pauses to dry the perspiration on her brow with the back of her sleeve. She resumes her rolling.
0) 181) dialog: -- but we won't discuss that.
0) 249) dialog: We were escorted through a green-baize door, down a narrow service-corridor, and into the butler’s pantry.
0) 251) dialog: A moment later, the kitchen passage swung open, and a small servant dressed in white jolted into the room. An extremely anxious, petite butler enters with an ice- bucket. He is Serge. He hacks chips off a frozen block in the sink and fills the container briskly. He turns to go -- then spots M. Gustave looking out at him from inside the pantry.
0) 252) dialog: I’ve never forgotten the look on that man’s face. Serge is: deeply distraught, physically exhausted, and, above all, terrified. He swallows, holds up a quick finger for M. Gustave to wait, then disappears back out the door. M. Gustave frowns. He says to himself: 34.
0) 254) dialog: I, myself, had never set foot inside a house of this kind in my life. M. Gustave dumps his glass of water into a potted cactus and strides through the chaotic kitchen while Clotilde watches him with a feather duster in her hand. She makes a reluctant move to advise him to stop -- but he flies past her, bangs out the swinging door after Serge, and marches into a dark corridor.
0) 255) dialog: I understood very little about the events that were to follow -- but, eventually, I came to recognize:
0) 257) dialog: When the destiny of a great fortune is at stake, men’s greed spreads like a poison in the bloodstream
0) 259) dialog: Uncles, nephews, cousins -- in-laws of increasingly tenuous connection. The old woman’s most distant relations had come foraging out of the wood-work.
0) 261) dialog: At the head of this congregation (it was a disorienting coincidence), we (more ) 35. MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.) (cont'd) discovered our own Deputy Kovacs (himself an important attorney, of course). He was the executor of the dead widow’s estate. Deputy Kovacs, standing behind a desk on a platform at the front of the room, squints at M. Gustave, puzzled. M. Gustave and Zero look back at him, equally confused. Deputy Kovacs turns his attention back to the seated audience. He clears his throat, sets a large, cardboard box down in front of him, and addresses the room:
0) 378) dialog: The details of the conspiracy, now a matter of public record, were, at that time, impossible for us to apprehend. The door cracks open. A young washer-woman with a club foot and a rag in her hands peers out. Jopling hands the woman his card. She studies it.
0) 393) dialog: -- but one thing was certain: the Desgoffe und Taxis were a very powerful family -- Jopling puts on a pair of goggles, kick-starts his engine, revs the motor, and rumbles away. The woman shuts the door and locks the bolt.
0) 395) dialog: and time was not on our side.
0) 438) dialog: You see, I never speak of Agatha, because -- even at the thought of her name -- I’m unable to control my emotions. Mr. Moustafa dries his eyes with his napkin, but the tears instantly return. He shrugs.
0) 439) dialog: Well, I suppose there’s no way around it. You see, she saved us.
0) 442) dialog: On our third, formal rendez-vous, I had asked for her hand in marriage, and she had agreed. We did not have fifty Klubecks between the two of us. No one (more) 57. MR. MOUSTAFA (V.0.) (cont'd) knew, of course; but, then, who would have cared? We were each completely on our own in the world -- and we were deeply in love.
0) 455) dialog: M. Gustave insisted on an immediate and thorough cross-examination --
0) 458) dialog: -- during which he presented Agatha with a porcelain pendant and five dozen individually tissue-wrapped, white tulips in a box the size of a child’s coffin.
0) 467) dialog: Soon, we learned --
0) 469) dialog: not only was Agatha immensely skilled with a palette knife and a butter-cream flourish: she was also very brave.
0) 472) dialog: I believe she was born that way. 60. The guard gingerly closes the box, slides it aside, unscathed, and moves on to the next package.
0) 523) dialog: The next morning, Herr Becker received a peculiar, last-minute-notice from the office of Deputy Kovacs: postponing their scheduled meeting -- in perpetuity.
0) 765) dialog: The war began at midnight.
0) 771) dialog: Pffeifelstad fell by lunch under heavy shelling, and the Zig-zags surged across the long, western border. The Lutz Blitz would last all winter.
0) 774) dialog: High-command advanced to Nebelsbad.
0) 832) dialog: She left everything to M. Gustave, of course.
0) 834) dialog: The mansion, known as Schloss Lutz; the factories, which produced weapons, medicine, and textiles; an important newspaper syndicate; and (perhaps you've already deduced) this very “institution” -- the Grand Budapest Hotel. 110. Zero, Agatha, Herr Becker, Mr. Mosher, and Anatole watch, entertained, from the gallery.
0) 837) dialog: He anointed me his successor; and, as the war continued, I served my adopted country from the narrow desk still found against the wall in the next room. Across the lobby, M. Gustave sits drinking a cocktail with a beautiful, begemmed, ninety-year-old woman. His hand rests on her thigh.
0) 838) dialog: He was the same as his disciples: insecure, vain, superficial, blonde, needy. In the end, he was even rich.
0) 840) dialog: He did not succeed, however, in growing old -- nor did my darling Agatha. She and our infant son would be killed two years later by the Prussian grippe. (An absurd little disease. Today, we treat it in a single week; but, in those days, many millions died.) The camera comes to a stop as it reveals the view from the iron-lattice terrace over the crevasse alongside the cascade. Zero and Agatha hold hands while M. Gustave reads from a Bible, officiating. The other witnesses are: the staff lll. of the hotel and the concierges of the Society of the Crossed Keys.
0) 842) dialog: On the first day of the occupation, the morning the independent state of Zubrowka officially ceased to exist, we traveled with M. Gustave to Lutz. M. Gustave checks the color of the wine in the light. It is excellent. Pause.
0) 856) dialog: There are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity.
0) 860) dialog: (re: “glimmers of civilization”) He was one of them. What more is there to say? Agatha, also in tears, pulls Zero back inside.
0) 863) dialog: (shrugs) In the end, they shot him. (pause) So it all went to me. Mr. Moustafa smiles sadly. He and the author begin to eat their confections in silence. They appear to enjoy them very much.
0) 866) dialog: I expect he’s forgotten all about us. Mr. Moustafa winks at the author and slips around behind the concierge desk.
0) 869) text: The author’s room key as Mr. Moustafa places it onto the desk. It is labelled M. GUSTAVE SUITE.
0) 874) dialog: (dismissing it) Of course, not.
0) 876) dialog: (doubtful) His world? 116. Mr. Moustafa considers this. He shakes his head slowly.
0) 877) dialog: No, I don’t think so. You see, we shared a vocation. It wouldn’t have been necessary. He’s always with me (pause) No, the hotel -- I keep for Agatha Mr. Moustafa pulls up his lapel slightly and shows the author Agatha’s crossed-keys pendant pinned to his jacket. He hides it away again
0) 878) dialog: We were happy here. For a little while. The author nods solemnly. Mr. Moustafa presses a button to call the elevator. It immediately opens. He starts to enter -- but puts up his hand to hold the door as he stops, turns back, and says:
0) 879) dialog: To be frank, I think his world had vanished long before he ever entered it -. but, I will say: he certainly sustained the illusion with a marvelous grace! (pause) Are you going up?
0) 881) dialog: Good night. Mr. Moustafa steps inside. He presses a button and the doors close. The author stands still, staring into space. He sniffs the air. He smiles sadly.