0) 63) dialog: I do, M. Gustave.
0) 93) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 95) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 97) dialog: No, sir. 15.
0) 99) dialog: (unfamiliar with the expression) Truly. M. Gustave holds out the five Klubeck coin, still staring off into the distance, and says rapidly though distracted:
0) 101) dialog: Right away, sir. Zero nods briskly and takes the coin. M. Gustave looks squarely at him for the first time.
0) 104) dialog: (stammering) Zero, sir. The new Lobby Boy.
0) 106) dialog: Yes, sir.
0) 108) dialog: (worried) Mr. Mosher, sir.
0) 117) dialog: Should I go and light the candle first?
0) 119) dialog: (anxious, very formal) Hotel Kinski, Kitchen Boy, six months. Hotel Berlitz, Mop and Broom Boy, three months. Before that I was a Skillet Scrubber in the banquet hall at --
0) 127) dialog: (worried) I studied reading and spelling. I completed my primary school certificate. I almost started --
0) 135) dialog: (long pause) Zero.
0) 139) dialog: Well, who wouldn't -- at the Grand Budapest, sir? It’s an institution.
0) 143) dialog: (astonished) My goodness. M. Gustave skims the letter. He holds it up for Zero to see. There is a lipstick-kiss at the bottom of the text. Zero is unsure how to interpret this. M. Gustave raises his eyebrows and tucks the note and the bills inside his jacket. His eyes glaze over in a moment of reverie. He sighs. Zero makes a sudden realization:
0) 144) dialog: Were you ever a Lobby Boy, sir?
0) 146) dialog: (speculative) Well, I suppose you had to start --
0) 152) text: Zero pushes an old man in a wheelchair. Zero arranges a white bouquet. Zero replaces dirty ashtrays, rearranges furniture, and shields a large woman with a toothpick from view as she excavates between her teeth.
0) 156) dialog: Yes, sir. M. Gustave stops at the end of the hallway in front of a door labelled KAISER FREDERICK SUITE. He says to Zero:
0) 190) dialog: (a frantic whisper) Look. Zero holds up the stack of newspapers. M. Gustave picks one off the top and studies it.
0) 193) dialog: (sadly) I’m terribly sorry, sir.
0) 195) dialog: (hesitates) We must? 26.
0) 199) dialog: (short pause) Five minutes.
0) 201) dialog: Yes, sir. M. Gustave slams the door, and Zero dashes away down the corridor.
0) 206) dialog: (scandalized in spite of himself) She was eighty-four, M. Gustave!
0) 221) dialog: (in disbelief) Never mind, M. Gustave! Let them proceed! M. Gustave is slammed and held against one wall while Zero is pounded into another. M. Gustave shouts and struggles.
0) 302) dialog: (hopeful) Congratulations, M. Gustave!
0) 304) dialog: Is it very beautiful?
0) 306) dialog: Can I see it? M. Gustave looks surprised. Pause.
0) 311) text: M. Gustave and Zero stand side-by-side and admire the picture for a long minute -- then Zero looks strangely to M. Gustave. M. Gustave looks back at him, curious. Zero’s eyes flicker. M. Gustave frowns. Zero goes to the corner, picks up a foot-stool, and places it on the hearth. M. Gustave hesitates. He steps up onto the foot-stool. He lifts the painting off its hooks. He comes back down to the floor. There is a dark rectangle in the wallpaper marking the absent picture. He turns to Zero again, uncertain. Behind the fire-irons, leaning against a stack of etchings, Zero spots a wood-cut print of two lesbians masturbating. He grabs it and hangs it in the painting's place.
0) 323) dialog: Oh, yes. M. Gustave lies down. He stares up at the ceiling. Pause. 43.
0) 326) dialog: One-point-five.
0) 328) dialog: (optimistic) Could we make it ten?
0) 330) text: Pause. Zero nods. M. Gustave whisks a drinks menu out of a slot on the wall, places it face-down on the night- 44. stand, and sets a fountain pen on top of it. He dictates:
0) 332) text: Zero quickly uncaps the pen and begins to write.
0) 339) dialog: (grimly) Yes, on one occasion, I was arrested and tortured by the rebel militia after the Desert Uprising. 45.
0) 341) dialog: Of course.
0) 343) dialog: Got it.
0) 351) dialog: What happened?
0) 354) dialog: I saw him last night in secret. He made me take an oath (on a Bible) I wouldn’t tell a soul. You’re supposed to, also.
0) 356) dialog: He suspects you're innocent.
0) 361) dialog: (concerned) Who is he?
0) 364) dialog: I'm afraid so.
0) 367) dialog: You have an alibi?
0) 370) dialog: (gravely) M. Gustave: your life may be at stake.
0) 372) dialog: Don't give up. M. Gustave looks back to Zero. He nods. He points.
0) 375) dialog: (encouraging) A Courtesan au chocolat.
0) 399) dialog: “My dear and trusted colleagues --”
0) 403) dialog: “your devoted M. Gustave.” Then there’s a poem, but we might want to go ahead and start on the soup, since it’s forty-six stanzas. Mr. Mosher signals to the cook. He begins to serve as Zero reads on: 52.
0) 404) dialog: A moist, black ash dampens the filth of a dung-dark rat's-nest and mingles with the thick scent of wood-rot while the lark- song of a gutter-snipe echoes across a --
0) 444) dialog: Here.
0) 446) dialog: It's a book.
0) 448) dialog: Romantic Poetry, Volume one. M. Gustave recommended it. I have a copy of my own as well. I ruined the surprise, I suppose.
0) 451) dialog: 
0) 453) dialog: Read the inscription.
0) 456) text: M. Gustave sits opposite Agatha at a long table with his hand resting on top of hers as he leans close to her recounting something vividly. They both laugh uproariously. M. Gustave says loudly, aside, to Zero:
0) 459) text: A white porcelain crossed-keys pendant hanging from a velvet ribbon around Agatha’s thin neck. Agatha admires her pendant. Zero grumbles:
0) 460) dialog: It’s not right.
0) 462) dialog: she’s my girlfriend. You can’t just buy her things.
0) 464) dialog: (to Agatha, like a lawyer:) Is he flirting with you?
0) 470) text: Zero, keeping a look-out at the kitchen door, gives an urgent signal. Agatha swiftly covers the pastries with a damp cheese-cloth just as Herr Mendl crosses into the room, throws open a huge brick-oven, and checks on a batch of gateaux 1’Opéra.
0) 497) dialog: There's something I haven’t told you, Agatha. A look of dread crosses Agatha’s face. She says reluctantly:
0) 500) dialog: We stole a painting. It’s very valuable (maybe five million Klubecks, in fact). I don't know if anyone’s even noticed it’s missing yet -- but if something should happen to me and M. Gustave --
0) 502) dialog: (defensive) One picture. Anyway: we need to make a plan for your survival. Hide this. Zero produces a square of tissue-paper the size of a large postage-stamp with neat, miniscule hand-writing all over it. Agatha squints at it.
0) 503) dialog: It’s in code, and you might need a magnifying glass to read it, but it tells you exactly where and how to find “Boy with Apple”. Don’t take less than half the retail asking price. Also --
0) 505) dialog: (correcting her) You're a pastry chef. One of the best in the --
0) 507) dialog: (hesitates) I said it wrong. She willed it to him! 64. A door bangs open down the hall. In an instant: Zero jumps out of the bed, leaps with both feet at once into his trousers, and shimmies up out of the sky-light.
0) 512) dialog: (pause) OK, but take it, anyway. Zero releases the square of tissue-paper. Agatha sits up quickly as it descends, darting and fluttering, and moves her hand around underneath it while she watches trying to estimate where it is going to land. At the last second, she reaches up and cleanly plucks it out of the air between thumb and finger. Zero smiles. He runs away, shoe-less, past gutters and chimneys, jumping noiselessly from roof to roof, into the night.
0) 556) dialog: (unfortunately) I couldn't find one.
0) 558) dialog: (worried) I’m afraid so. I asked around, but I didn’t want to take any chances. I thought —- Zero trails off. He looks apologetic. M. Gustave sighs resigned. He says calmly:
0) 560) dialog: We're wearing them. 72.
0) 563) dialog: (referring to moustache) I thought you were growing one. It wouldn’t look realistic, would it? I thought
0) 564) text: Zero trails off again. He deflates, distressed. M. Gustave remains calm.
0) 567) dialog: (miserably) I forgot the L’air de Panache.
0) 569) text: M. Gustave lifts up his arms. Zero sniffs him. He grimaces. M. Gustave’s eyes narrow. He begins to seethe.
0) 572) dialog: (evenly) Aq Salim al-Jabat.
0) 574) dialog: (shrugs ) The war.
0) 576) dialog: Well, you see, my father was murdered, and the rest of my family were executed by firing squad. Our village was burned to the ground. Those who managed to survive were forced to flee. I left -- because of the war.
0) 578) dialog: (reserved) Truly.
0) 581) dialog: (gently) It’s not your fault, M. Gustave. You were just upset I forgot the perfume
0) 584) dialog: (gallantly) We're brothers. M. Gustave, touched to the quick, instantly kisses Zero on both cheeks and they embrace. They release each other. They try to pull themselves back together. Pause.
0) 589) dialog: Of course. What is it, in fact?
0) 615) dialog: Zero: confused. 79.
0) 617) dialog: I don’t know. Distant tires squeal. M. Gustave and Zero sit up quickly and peer-off down the xoad. An approaching car accelerates, whining in the darkness. A pair of head-lights pops into view from the woods. A large sedan emerges with a roar, zig-zagging onto the farm road. It slides across the gravel and rips to a stop in front of them. A sign next to five stars on the side of the hood reads: Hotel Excelsior Palace. One of the back doors snaps open, and M. Ivan shouts from inside:
0) 630) dialog: (hesitates) Forty-two Klubecks and three postage stamps.
0) 659) dialog: I don’t know. It depends. 85.
0) 660) text: (irritated) Well, you can say that about most anything. “It depends.” Of course, it depends. ZERO. (firmly) Of course, it depends.
0) 662) dialog: (surprised, humbly) With pleasure. M. Gustave sighs. He says with deep sincerity and feeling:
0) 665) dialog: (pleased) She admires you, as well, M. Gustave.
0) 667) dialog: very much.
0) 669) dialog: (pause) Don’t flirt with her. M. Gustave scoffs, irritated.
0) 686) dialog: I agree. 89. Pause. M. Gustave checks his watch. He says with a slightly bitter edge to his voice:
0) 688) dialog: High noon.
0) 691) dialog: (tensely) Somebody's coming. A monk in a grey cloak and a thick scarf clanks up a metal staircase. His face is old and wrinkled. He walks directly out to M. Gustave and Zero and stops. He studies them for a moment, frowning. He whispers:
0) 695) text: The cable-car sets-off up and across the wide ravine. M. Gustave and Zero sit side-by-side with the curious, silent family. The father sniffs the air. He looks irritated. Half-way there: the cable-car slams to a stop with a clunk. Everyone is startled. The stalled vehicle sways in the quiet wind. The father looks up. The mother looks down. The children look to each other. In the distance: there is a faint, mechanical hum. M. Gustave and Zero look out. Another cable-car is ascending at a diagonal on a different line. They all watch as it slowly approaches. Just as it is about to criss-cross their path: it slams to a stop, too. Another elderly, cloaked monk stares out from inside the other cable-car. He is alone in the vehicle. He studies M. Gustave and Zero for a moment, frowning. He whispers loudly:
0) 739) dialog: Give me the pass-keys. M. Gustave hesitates. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his ring of Grand Budapest pass-keys. Zero rapidly flips through them, studying each key. He settles on one, inserts it into the keyhole, jiggles it, and twists. The lock clicks.
0) 746) dialog: Come on! M. Gustave chases after Zero, and they jump onboard just as the sled dips sharply and accelerates like mad down 96. the mountain. Zero hangs onto a short rope knotted to the front. M. Gustave hangs onto Zero. Jopling, skiing superbly up ahead, looks back. He sees M. Gustave and Zero closing-in. He frowns. He makes a quick detour through a gap in the trees, and races down a narrow, zig-zag path. Zero jerks the rope and follows Jopling. The sled bounces and bumps, skids and slides. Zero shouts:
0) 747) dialog: What do we do if we catch him?
0) 749) dialog: I can’t! I can barely steer Jopling ramps over the sloped roof of a shuttered café and lands cleanly. M. Gustave and Zero duck and shoot under it, banging between tables, scattering chairs, and rattling off the terrace. A group of hikers in snow-shoes walks single-file across the slope. They hurry to one side in a panic to dodge Jopling, then immediately hurry back to the other to dodge M. Gustave and Zero. A long, paper banner rustles in the wind. It reads: Gabelmeister’s Peak, Winter Games. Jopling snaps through it and shoots out onto an abandoned bob-sled run. He balances nimbly as he rockets down the ice. M. Gustave and Zero burst onto the track behind him, skittering through the corners. They grit their teeth and hang on, terrified. At the end of the run, Jopling jolts sideways, scratching across the track and showering splinters of ice, then zips up into the air and lands on the snow at the side of a road directly next to his parked motorcycle. He watches as: M. Gustave and Zero come flying down the bob-sled run at break-neck speed, slam into a dense bank at the bottom and soar into a high arc. The sled flips and twirls, then hits the ground and splits into three pieces. Zero bashes head-first into the deep snow and disappears -- except for his feet and ankles sticking out into the air, motionless. M. Gustave smacks onto the ice and slides, spinning, off the edge of a cliff. Silence. 97. Jopling takes a drink from his flask. He unclips his skis. He walks slowly past Zero’s frozen legs and approaches the precipice. M. Gustave is clutching onto a knob of jagged ice while his feet dangle above a rocky chasm a thousand feet deep. He stares up at Jopling, frightened but furious. He says quietly:
0) 752) text: There is a powerful thump, and Jopling flies head-first, screaming, off the cliff over M. Gustave’s head. Zero, in the midst of a diving shove, lands on his face and nearly goes over the edge, himself. He is covered with snow. M. Gustave shouts, ecstatic:
0) 756) text: A binocular shot of Zero dragging M. Gustave back up onto solid ground. They dust the snow off their bodies and catch their breath. Henckels’ voice shouts over a megaphone:
0) 759) dialog: What do you think?
0) 761) dialog: I say we steal that sick maniac’s motorcycle, go fetch Agatha, take back “Boy with Apple”, and head for the Maltese Riviera, once and for all M. Gustave’s face lightens. He is moved and deeply impressed.
0) 763) dialog: Good-bye, Serge. M. Gustave nods suddenly. He and Zero break into a sprint, race over to the motorcycle, and jump on. Zero kick-starts the engine, and M. Gustave, on the rear fender, hangs on tightly as they rumble away down the icy road.
0) 767) dialog: What’s it like, by the way? The Maltese Riviera!
0) 780) text: Agatha reaches into her pocket and withdraws Zero’s hand- written square of tissue-paper and a small magnifying glass. She squints and studies the tiny document. She quickly spins the dial and opens the door. Agatha whips the fur stole off the radiator. Agatha pulls out the wrapped painting Agatha tucks the package under her arm, exits the vault, and re-locks the doors.
0) 783) dialog: Me, neither.
0) 785) dialog: Me, neither. 102.
0) 787) dialog: (alarmed) Actually, I think we might be going in right now, after all. Zero points to a long, silver limousine (last seen parked in front of the Desgoffe und Taxis mansion in Lutz) as it pulls up the drive and stops between the Mendl’s van and the entrance to the hotel. A liveried chauffeur jumps out and opens one of the back doors. Dmitri emerges. M. Gustave and Zero crouch down low in their seats. M. Gustave whispers with contempt:
0) 789) dialog: (whispering, worried) Agatha. M. Gustave and Zero watch as: Marguerite, Laetizia, and Carolina exit from the other side of the car, and an eager team of bellboys springs into action collecting their numerous bags and suitcases out of the trunk and off the roof-rack of the vehicle.
0) 803) text: The needle above the elevator entrance. It climbs past Four toward Five. M. Gustave and Zero start to dash away -- but Zero stops short and turns back. He says quickly to Otto:
0) 804) dialog: I’m sorry. Who are you? orto (hesitates) Otto, sir. The new Lobby Boy.
0) 805) dialog: (sharply) Well, you haven't been trained properly, Otto. A Lobby Boy never provides (more) 105. ZERO (cont'd) information of that kind. You’re a stone wall. Understood? orto (anxious ) Yes, sir. M. Gustave and Zero exchange a quick look: well-handled. They run.
0) 819) dialog: Agatha! Zero sprints out of the service elevator and races up the corridor. Dmitri starts shooting again. The entire group opens fire once more. Zero races, crouched, with his hands over his head, and ducks into the alcove. His head thrusts out the window. He looks down
0) 821) text: The dangling package. A section of the wrapping paper has torn away, and the corner of a pale-pink envelope is visible pasted to the back of the picture. Zero stares down at Agatha, horrified. He mutters to himself: 108.
0) 822) dialog: 310-bis! (shouting to Agatha) Hang on! Here I come! Zero races back through the hail of bullets. He darts past Henckels and down the stairwell. He descends three flights. He crosses the corridor and stops in front of a door labelled “310-bis”. A sign on the knob reads: Do Not Disturb. Zero hesitates an instant. Zero raps briskly, retreats back across the corridor, lowers his shoulder, and charges with all his strength. Just as he reaches the door, it swings open to reveal a small, bearded man in a long night-gown. He side-steps Zero. Zero stumbles full-speed through the sitting-room and out the wide-open terrace doors. He slams against the balcony railing and flips over it. Agatha releases the package and grabs Zero’s shirt as he somersaults over her. Zero’s weight jerks Agatha down with a jolt. They fall together. Four floors down, Zero and Agatha punch-through the canvas roof over the back of the Mendl’s van and disappear inside. Silence.
0) 824) dialog: Agatha! Are you all right?
0) 827) dialog: (confused) What? 109. Agatha holds a piece of the torn and crumbled wrapping paper. She and Zero both look straight up.
0) 845) dialog: (with great affection) Truly.
0) 848) dialog: Don't flirt with her. (suddenly) Why are we stopping at a barley field again? The train has, in fact, come to a halt in the middle of nowhere again -- but, this time, outside the window there are tanks, trucks, and a hundred soldiers in black uniforms with long coats. M. Gustave, Zero, and Agatha stare out at them, uneasy.