6) 1) text: Allison Banister. Josh answers instantly.
16) 16) dialog: Who is it? Give me it! Jerkoff! Zach listens nervously as the phone is handed over. He starts to pace, walking circles around the room.
16) 17) dialog: Who's this?
16) 19) dialog: Oh, Zach! Hi! Sorry, my brother...
16) 21) dialog: I did! Sorry, I still had your number from that thing we did in Mrs. Moore’s class, with the planets. Remember? The Mars thing we did. (singing) “You’d be dead on the planet that’s red with an atmosphere of mostly... CARBON DIOXIDE!”
16) 23) dialog: I hope you don’t mind-
16) 25) dialog: Cool.
16) 27) dialog: So, the reason I’m calling- Can you hang on a second? She must have her hand over the phone. It muffles her voi but doesn’t completely block it out. 24. ALLISON (cont'd) Get the fuck out! I’m on the phone! I * mean it! * That same male voice can be heard, shouting something in reply. There’s banging, footsteps, a slamming door, dogs barking. Then she’s back as if nothing happened. *
16) 28) dialog: Hey, sorry. Zach?
16) 30) dialog: The reason I’m calling: I’m having kind of a birthday party thing. It’s really more of a hang out, you don’t have to bring presents or anything, but it’s at my friend Rebecca’s house, Rebecca Burton, she's in our * English class...really cool. We’re * just gonna watch some horror movies and stuff but I thought that you and Josh should come. You still hang out with Josh Templeton, right? *
16) 32) dialog: You were? What did you say?
16) 34) dialog: Ha. You guys made up that handshake in 7th grade! Oh god, that used to make me pee!
16) 36) dialog: From laughing.
16) 38) dialog: Nah, you can tell him. I’ve been calling people all day.
16) 40) dialog: No rush. It’s not until the 22nd.
16) 42) dialog: Cool. It’ll be fun. I haven’t seen Josh in forever. I was on A team last year. We had no classes together.
18) 2) dialog: She looks much better in person than she did in her yearb photo. Zach watches her talk with the teacher, slowly putting her hair into a pony tail. After a moment Josh wa up to him.
30) 1) dialog: Is sitting behind him, watching him with nervous curiosit He fills the glass again. Halfway through it, he sees her and jumps, startled. Surprise quickly turns to confusion. What the hell is she doing here? She waves, a little embarrassed. 51.
30) 2) dialog: Your mom... I just stopped by, she said you’d be back. She went to get come Cokes out of the closet. He just stands there, panting.
30) 4) dialog: Oh god, are you okay? Karen walks in with a case of soda under her arm.
30) 13) dialog: I was just walking and I passed by... I guess I should have called first but I didn't realize I'd be near your house until I saw it and said "oh that's Zach's house, maybe I should stop and yell ‘handjobs’ at the top of my lungs.” Zach glances back at her. She nods, eyebrow raised. Zach takes a breath and stops by the upstairs bathroom to grab wad of toilet paper. He uses it stop the flow of blood fr his elbow.
30) 14) dialog: She’s right. You should clean that.
30) 16) dialog: »..You want me to go? He doesn’t answer. He’s trying and failing to hold everything in.
30) 18) dialog: Don’t apologize. She moves to the doorway, out of his line of sight. He buries his face in his hands, rubbing the temples. The door creaks shut. Click. As soon as he hears it, he lets loose. A big, weird wail. gasp for air. Not tears or sobs exactly. 40 53. Just an exhalation of emotion. He shudders as it leaves h Then he sits back. And sees...
30) 19) dialog: Is still there. She didn’t leave, only closed the door. H instantly startled and embarrassed. She doesn't say anything, just sits beside him on the bed. She puts her arm around him. It's a slightly awkward gest of comfort, but they stay like that and the awkwardness subsides. Zach rests his head on her shoulder. She runs her fingers through his hair and starts to wipe his tears. He reaches and gently grabs her hand, turns to her and brings his li to hers. It's barely a kiss at first, just an extension of intimac but it lingers for a moment before he pulls away.
43) 1) text: ee eK 57 58 59 63. They share a microphone and talk about how anyone with information should come forward, etc. Zach scans the crowd eventually he spots Allison on the opposite side of the court. He continues looking but does not see Josh anywhere. Just a bunch of faces, a bunch of people.
49) 3) dialog: Half naked. Underwear and undershirt. Dead and floppy. Lifeless. He awkwardly drags the corpse into his lap. His breathing ragged. He’s sweaty. Afraid. Afraid of being caught. Some seeing him like this. But he’s excited too. He leans in and kisses her cold lips. After and long, horrible moment, she finally kisses back. Her arms are suddenly thrown around him. She’s groggy, ha conscious. But alive. He lifts her, kissing fiercely, hungrily. Her legs wrap around him as well. He slams her back into the wall of th ditch. 72. His hips grind. His fingers tangle themselves in her hair They pull. She moans. It’s fast and violent and... Someone’s watching. Zach looks up.
50) 0) text: Zach lifts his head from the desk. Mrs. Barron has her ha on his shoulder. The students in the surrounding desks ar all staring at him, Allison included.
53) 21) dialog: Oh my god, you made it! She kisses him on the cheek and embraces him again.
53) 26) dialog: Oh! You guys should do the handshake! Both Zack and Josh wince a little, clearly embarrassed.
53) 30) dialog: Did you get me a present?
53) 32) dialog: What is it?
53) 34) dialog: Whoa! Oh, I know how to do this, I think. Let me see if Becca has papers. She hurries inside.
53) 40) dialog: The point is it’ll work. I’ve seen my brother do this a million times. Allison sits and dumps some of the weed onto the paper an makes a messy joint.
54) 1) dialog: Hey! You taking off?
54) 3) dialog: Oh.
54) 5) dialog: That’s why you smoke. To relax.
54) 8) dialog: Somebody's lying. Zach is startled.
54) 10) dialog: The song...Chris Isaac. Best track on the album. She moves in for a kiss as he swings his head around and Their heads connect with a BANG. 75 76 80. ALLISON (cont'd) Ah!
60) 0) text: Zach and Allison are sitting side by side on the curb outside, drinking sodas, somber.
60) 1) dialog: I walked in on him once. In the bathroom, the bus bathroom. On that field trip to the flight museum, you remember that?
60) 3) dialog: Oh. Well, he didn’t lock the door for some reason. I saw everything. Full Whitcomb. She makes a “meh” face. They sit for a beat in silence.
60) 5) dialog: who?
60) 9) dialog: Oh yeah. Sorta.
60) 11) dialog: Somewhere at home. I’1l1 have to look. Here. Got a pen? He digs one out of his pocket. She takes his hand and wri a number on his palm.
60) 13) dialog: My new number. My own line. Mom and dad’s birthday present. You won’t have to deal with my brother anymore. Call tonight and I’1l dig hers out for you... If you tell me why you want it. She smiles, Zach dodges the question.
60) 15) dialog: Is that okay? I don’t want to scare you off again. Zach seems uncomfortable. She playfully nudges him.
60) 16) dialog: I’m messing with you, dummy. Everyone knows this guy will sell to anybody. Just gotta be patient sometimes. He glances around nervously, gestures toward the road.
60) 18) dialog: Asshole sells cigarettes to kids.
60) 27) dialog: Told ya. She stands.
60) 28) dialog: Come on. Be a good “boyfriend” and walk me home.
61) 0) text: Zach walks his bike beside Allison.
61) 2) dialog: He fell. People climb those towers in the pipeline all the time. You said you and Josh just did it. Makes sense that some people would fall.
61) 4) dialog: Oh my god. Zach takes a deep breath. Has she picked up on what he’s been hinting at? Maybe he shouldn’t have said anything.
61) 5) dialog: You think he jumped! Zach wrestles with himself. Should he tell her what’s rea on his mind?
61) 7) dialog: Why do you care so much? Zach doesn’t know what to say.
61) 8) dialog: God, that made me sound like a dick didn’t it? “why do you care?” A kid in our class is dead. ...And that Daryl guy's still missing. They’ve reached her house. He walks her up the steps.
61) 10) dialog: ...It’s my fault, isn’t it?
61) 12) dialog: You and Josh. I could tell you two were... He’s got a thing for me. (off his look) Zach, I like you. A lot sometimes. But when are you going to stop being surprised at the fact that I’m not completely stupid? 82 83 87.
61) 14) dialog: Now’s good. She kisses his forehead with a smirk and goes to the door Stops. Might as well be forward.
61) 15) dialog: Do you want to come inside?
61) 17) dialog: But you’re not going to. He tries to think of something to say. All he can do is shake his head. Allison nods in response. She gives up on him, goes inside and closes the door behind her.
64) 0) text: Zach grabs the phone and glances at his hand to dial Allison’s private number. She answers quickly, a smile in her voice.
64) 1) dialog: Hey!
64) 3) dialog: Yeah, hang on. Zach listens as she puts the phone down, angry at himself scared out of his mind. 90. 89 INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - EVENING 89 Charlie’s working on an enormous desktop computer. The ph rings behind him. He answers.
68) 2) dialog: Looks over at him. He doesn’t even notice. She leans over and continues whispering to Rebecca beside her. The wind keeps howling outside.
73) 5) dialog: Hey, Josh.
73) 17) dialog: Standing by a little nervously.
73) 18) dialog: Zach’s not coming, is he? She doesn’t do a very good job hiding her disappointment.
74) 0) text: Zach is racing, panting, making his way to Allison’s hous He drops his bike and bounds up the stairs to her front door. He frantically knocks and rings the bell. INT. REBECCA’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM 112
75) 4) dialog: You sure? I thought we were hanging out.
75) 8) dialog: That is a fucking sword. (to Josh) Can we see it?
80) 0) text: Allison jumps up from sleep with a gasp, drenched in swea
82) 0) text: She sits at the table eating a bowl of cereal. Dennis sit next to her. Her mother comes in and gives her a kiss on head and whispers something into her ear. Allison nods. H mother smiles.
83) 0) text: Allison stares out the window as Dennis drives her.
84) 0) text: Allison stands at her locker, staring into it. After a moment she grabs her AP History book and closes the door.
85) 0) text: The teacher lectures. The students take notes. Allison fiddles with her pony tail unconsciously, then slowly bri her hand down to her neck where she gently rubs the scars that remain there. It's healed now as time has passed, bu its still a visible relic of something terrible. A MALE STUDENT sits behind her. He stares at her pony tai and then down at the back of her neck. Without looking back Allison undoes her pony tail and let her hair down, covering up the scar. The teacher asks a question. Allison raises her hand