9) 0) text: Two pumps and a convenience store. Standing outside the store are two more boys: DARYL, mess in appearance; kind of a dipshit. And a younger, sharp-ey kid named CHARLIE. Zach and Josh talk quietly as they approach.
9) 3) dialog: ‘Sup, cockbiters?!
9) 5) text: (already sick of him) Great. Daryl rushes them and puts up his dukes like an old timey boxer. Zach responds in kind and they circle each other horsing around. Josh waves at Charlie, sizes him up. Awkward introduction
9) 14) dialog: Everyone knows Tig! He pantomimes a set of large breasts.
9) 16) dialog: Tig Bitty Sharp! You love it. You LOVE it! He grabs Charlie’s head and buries it in his pantomime cleavage. 11 Charlie pushes him off.
9) 18) dialog: Man, if I had tits I'd play with them constantly.
9) 20) dialog: You?
9) 22) dialog: Cool.
9) 24) dialog: Nah, cause I’m broke as fuuuuck! Zach hesitates before saying:
9) 26) dialog: Hell yeah! Daryl and Charlie head into the store. Josh gestures to Zach, angry but silent. What the hell are you doing?! Zach signals back, innocent. What? These guys are alright
10) 3) dialog: They make tons of gross stuff, man. Pickles are gross. Josh is drawn to the small section of foreign food: stran cans of nectar, bags of dried fruit, etc. Daryl steps up beside him and snatches a bag. DARYL (cont'd) Dried squid?! Holy shit!
10) 6) dialog: Nobody eats this. Zach suddenly grabs the bag from him and heroically march to the register. The others follow. They place their selections down on the counter.
11) 5) dialog: I want to see you eat it. Zach theatrically pops a piece into his mouth. Chews. The others stare. He keeps his cool for several seconds... th breaks. 12 13 14 10. He grabs a bottle of soda from the bag in a big ass hurry He fumbles and drops it when he tries to get it open. Whe he finally succeeds, it explodes, soda fizz streaming out Daryl laughs his ass off. Zach takes a huge swig of the soda. Josh pats him on the back.
11) 8) dialog: You guys are whacked. Josh chews with much less fanfare.
12) 0) text: The four of them are walking through a field beside the road, Josh and Zach pushing their bikes, talking, laughin goofing around. Daryl smokes a cigarette, trying to look cool. They pass DARYL’S HOUSE 14 A small duplex, not a dump exactly but a far cry from Zac house. 11. Behind the house are huge power lines, running parallel t the street, long connections which probably power the who county.
12) 2) dialog: Yeah, me and Charlie go back here all the time. They walk through Daryl’s back yard and into
12) 5) dialog: Nothing. I'm just tired. My parents rented True Lies last night and when they went to sleep I watched that strip tease on repeat. Jerked off two and a half times.
12) 7) dialog: Tried for three but my dick got sore, had to put some ice on it, but the tray wasn't filled so I settled for a piece of steak from the freezer.
12) 11) dialog: Hell no, I cooked it up, scarfed that shit and passed out on the couch. The other three are stunned. DARYL (cont'd) I'm fucking with you! Of course I put it back.
12) 13) dialog: This is not the point of the story! The point is: bitch be hot. Like Charlie's sister. Zach laughs. DARYL (cont'd) Or Zach's mom. Zach stops laughing. Josh grins at him. DARYL (cont'd) Right?!
12) 18) dialog: Yeah, man if you were just swinging from the cable you’d be fine. My uncle did it once.
12) 21) dialog: Won a thousand bucks, but broke his fuckin’ leg tryin to get down.
12) 23) dialog: Hell yeah it did. Slickest shit I ever saw.
12) 25) dialog: Are you special forces?
12) 27) dialog: Well, my uncle was, so fuck you. Josh walks over and starts climbing the structure. After beat they all climb on as well. Four boys attempting to scale a metal tower in the middle an open field. CHARLIE gets about five feet off the ground before lookin down.
12) 31) dialog: Mom? Is that you down there?
12) 33) dialog: Puss!
12) 35) dialog: That's more like her, hi mom! Daryl cackles to himself. As he does, his foot slips ona rung of the tower. He has to hold tight with his arms in order not to fall.
12) 36) dialog: Shit. These shoes have no grip. *
12) 38) dialog: Fuckin-- Daryl lets himself hang and drops down to the ground.
12) 39) dialog: Fuckin shoes, no fuckin grip.
18) 16) dialog: You guys hanging out again after school?
18) 18) dialog: I can ride over, meet up with you. A big kid, a SENIOR, walks right into Daryl.
18) 20) dialog: Sorry. The guy walks away. DARYL (cont'd) Guy fucking ran into me. You see that? He shouts once he thinks the senior is out of earshot.
18) 21) dialog: Faggot! The senior turns around and charges at him. Zach and Josh watch the CHAOS erupt as the senior throws a fist into th side of Daryl’s head. The crowd parts for them. “Fight! Fight!” TEACHERS come running out of their rooms. They pull the older kid off Daryl and try in vain to herd the crowd of students to class.
19) 1) text: ee OF 28. Zach and Josh are sitting together in the grass, Zach quickly copying down Josh's MATH WORKSHEET as Josh LAUGHS remembering the incident with Daryl.
22) 0) text: Three bikes are leaned up against the side of the garage. INT. LIVING ROOM - JOSH’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 27 Josh, Zach and Daryl are sitting on the living room couch all staring at the TV. We can't see what's onscreen, but those familiar will recognize the sounds of True Lies.
22) 2) dialog: Dude, do you see a dick?
22) 4) dialog: Rumors, man! Don't believe everything you hear.
22) 7) dialog: What? why?
22) 9) dialog: Tell me!
22) 12) dialog: You don't believe it was real?
22) 14) dialog: You come on! I'm with Josh, I believe in all that fucked up black magic shit.
22) 16) dialog: Oh man, did you guys hear what happened to Pat and Derek.
22) 18) dialog: you remember they were hanging out with fucking what’s-his-name, that blonde kid from Callaway?
22) 21) dialog: Yes. Fucking Ryan. I always wondered why they hung with this little piece-of-shit blonde kid. Did you guys know that Ryan is like super rich?
22) 23) dialog: Yeah, I mean like his parents have so much money he just tells them how much he needs and they give it to him. So Pat and Derek had this idea that they would convince him to buy a shit ton of weed from some friends of theirs, right? Zach and Josh look away from the TV to hear the story. DARYL (cont'd) We're talking mad money, like five hundred dollars. Josh pauses the movie.
22) 25) dialog: Yeah. So he gets it and he goes to meet these “friends of Pat and Derek” and some dudes show up in ski masks... and it’s fucking Pat and Derek. But then hey pull a gun and are like “give us the money” and he thinks they're joking, cause obviously it's just them. He's like “come on Derek” or whatever, and the dude fucking pistol-whips him.
22) 30) dialog: Took his money and booked. Of course Ryan eventually goes to his parents, crying, tells them the whole thing and now those fucking guys are probably going to juvie.
22) 32) dialog: This all went down in the pipeline right where we were kicking it yesterday.
22) 34) dialog: No doubt. eee OF
23) 1) dialog: Where are your folks?
23) 5) dialog: I thought you had an older brother.
23) 7) dialog: His shit still here? 29 36.
23) 12) dialog: What? Lame.
23) 15) dialog: who cares?
23) 17) dialog: Alright, fine. They leave their shoes in the hall and slip into the room There’s an aura about the place. Everything seems to have been kept exactly as it was when Danny left. It’s full of classic Cool Older Brother Shit: POSTERS of girls, STACKS of anime DVDs and comic books, souvenirs fr the Renaissance Festival, a WATER BED. The boys wander around, snooping. Zach Finds a pair of nunchucks and swings them around without grace or skill. Daryl runs his fingers through a bowl full of pocket chan and unearths a plastic bag filled with weed. 29
23) 20) dialog: I’1l buy it off you. No!
23) 22) dialog: Seriously, you should sell it. This is easily a hundred bucks worth. More, maybe. Josh looks questioningly at Zach. Is this true? I guess.
23) 25) dialog: think so.
23) 27) dialog: it might. I don’t know! Zach laughs, still twirling the nunchucks. Josh snatches bag and prepares to put it back in its hiding place. Please,
23) 28) dialog: dude! Ple ase, like a pinch! Let me get one pinch! Why?
23) 30) dialog: now. Sincere. I’ve never done it before. Have you? No.
23) 33) dialog: You?
23) 35) dialog: Was it awesome? Zach shrugs.
23) 36) dialog: He won’t know. Not enough for him to know. How long’s he been gone?
23) 38) dialog: He can't even smoke weed while he's a marine, this isn't Vietnam. They'll kick his ass out. Josh buries the baggy in change once more.
23) 40) dialog: You’11 think about it.
23) 43) dialog: Lemme see. Daryl EYES the change bowl once more before fully engagin with the nunchucks. Josh hesitates. He has something to s but can’t decide if he should say it.
23) 48) dialog: How sharp is it?
23) 50) dialog: So... can we, like, do that?
24) 0) text: The three boys are riding down the road, plastic grocery bags hanging from their handlebars. Milk cartons. They swerve around one another, laughing, joking. Suddenly, Daryl stops.
24) 1) dialog: Give me the sword.
24) 5) dialog: Just say hi. 31 40. Zach hands the sword over. Daryl dismounts.
24) 8) dialog: Check it out! He brandishes the sword.
24) 10) dialog: It’s his brother’s. Zach and Josh have arrived.
25) 3) dialog: What?
25) 6) dialog: A Cigarette. Josh is suspicious
25) 8) dialog: Alright. My turn. Let me see the sword. But Josh is pissed. He storms over.
25) 10) dialog: Give me the sword. He snatches The Sword from Josh's hand.
25) 12) dialog: It’s a cigarette! Okay? It’s a fucking cigarette. Josh looks to Zach for confirmation. None is forthcoming, he looks to Charlie. Charlie glances at Daryl.
25) 15) dialog: My cigarette? What are you gonna do with it?
25) 17) dialog: Come get it! He tries to make a game out of it, waving the sword aroun
25) 20) dialog: What?
25) 23) dialog: Fuck you guys. He flicks his joint/cigarette at Zach’s face, sticks the sword into the ground and storms off. Charlie is clearly uncomfortable, not wanting to take sides.
25) 28) dialog: Hey Zach, thanks for inviting me out. Too bad your boyfriend's on the rag. Make sure to slap him around a little bit tonight, keep him in line.
25) 46) dialog: Crawls away, hand over the gaping hole in his throat. He gets to his feet, looks down at himself, at the blood. takes off running further into the woods. Charlie stands, dumbfounded, calling after him. CHARLIE (cont'd) Daryl! But Daryl is running on pure instinct. He has no idea wha to do, where to go. He’s just running
25) 57) text: He shakes him. ZACH (cont'd) Daryl? Daryl, can you hear me? Are you awake, man? Zach bites his lip and does the thing he really doesn’t w to do: He put his hands on either side of DARYL’S HEAD And lifts it up from the ground. Zach kneels lower to the ground and looks at DARYL’S FACE His mouth hangs open and his eyes are blank. With the hea lifted Zach can see the blood continuing to issue from Daryl’s neck.
38) 2) dialog: Standing in his bedroom doorway. ZACH (cont'd) What the hell man? Daryl points his finger to the ceiling. Something hits Zach's hand. He raises it to his eye. Bloo One drop of blood - but from where? He looks up. A LARGE DARK RED VOID rips through the ceiling, slowly an silently churning like a whirlpool. Zach stares up at it. Then looks back to his hand. He tri frantically tries to wipe off the blood but it's no use, just spreads. His shirt is suddenly soaked in blood, as a his hands, and arms. ZACH (cont'd) No, no, no jesus- Suddenly, he cant breathe, he falls to his knees and reac for his throat. A large gaping hole in his neck, gushing blood. He panics and tries to wipe it away. ZACH (cont'd)
38) 3) dialog: He spins to find him but he's gone. He scrambles and runs into the bathroom, slams the door and turns to the mirror He's covered in blood, head to toe, dripping. Zach SCREAMS, but there is no sound. The mirror cracks, sending his reflection into a scatter shot of anguish. 52 60.
42) 0) text: Zach walks through the crowd of students. All around him can hear the murmuring of people talking about Daryl’s disappearance.
49) 1) text: 66 71. We should recognize the place even if Zach doesn’t seem t This is the field outside the woods where Daryl died. Zach looks toward the treeline and sees DARYL’S BIKE Lying on the ground. He leans in to inspect it. Then he hears something... a RUSTLING SOUND. Off in the distance. follows the SOUND into
66) 14) text: I think Josh did and I think he took the sword and messed with Daryl then he pushed John Whitcomb off of that tower and I don’t know what he’s doing now. I called but there’s no answer. Charlie sits with the phone against his ear, emotionless. His blank expression becomes one of disgust