1) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES along the hallway, past the guest bath and o to a partially open door. We explore this room, if only f an instant, to catch DIANE FREELING, 32, tossing in her sleep, a tangle of hair covering her face. INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 3 CAMERA moves away and slithers into another bedroom. DIAN FREELING is sixteen, very beautiful, and snoring unevenly She is surrounded by potato chips and homework. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 4 The SOUND OF TELEVISION STATIC leaks as the CAMERA moves the last bedroom. ROBBIE FREELING is just a seven-year-ol lump under the covers. With the sheets tucked around him, looks like a ghost and where his head should be there is Dodgers baseball cap. The closet light is on and the clos opened only a crack to let in the safe night light as we beyond Robbie to CAROL ANNE FREELING. The STATIC SOUNDS f the 0.S. TV seem to arouse this pert six-years-old froma sound and regular sleep. Her eyes snap open. She listens flicks some sleep from her eyes, and rises out of bed. CAMERA TRACKS AHEAD OF HER as if drawing her OUTSIDE the safety of her bedroom and roommate brother.
2) 0) text: The STATIC crackles louder and a BLUE GLOW dawns across C Anne. She could be sleepwalking. Her eyes are riveted and breathing quickens. The STATIC BOOMS now and Carol Anne s at the TV set in front of her sleeping dad. She stares in the white snow, trying to see beyond the color dots. Caro Anne opens her mouth until we are certain she is going to SCREAM. Then
2) 1) dialog: Hello! Hell-ooo! What do you want Hello! who are you! Hell-ooooo!
3) 1) dialog: Who are you!! Hey! INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 7 She is already swinging her legs out of bed and moving in the hallway.
3) 2) dialog: I can’t hear you! INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8 Robbie looks over to see Carol Anne’s bed empty.
4) 1) dialog: What do you look like! Hello! Can I see you? 10
13) 0) text: Diane has Tweety by his little claw feet at arms length. a sour grimace she moves into the bathroom and raises the toilet seat, aims Tweety and... Carol Anne steps into the doorway catching her Mom red-handed. 20
13) 2) dialog: Tweety--!!
15) 2) dialog: Tweety doesn’t like that smell.
15) 4) dialog: (giving orders) Put a flower with him. Diane smiles at this thought and takes a red rose from th vase on the windowsill. Carol Anne pulls into her pocket takes out some red licorice. She bites off the end, spits out into her hand and places the wet piece inside the cig box.
15) 5) dialog: For when he’s hungry. She places a Polaroid snapshot of herself and Robbie.
15) 6) dialog: For when he’s lonely. She covers him with a napkin. 22
15) 7) dialog: For when it’s nighttime. Carol Anne starts to cry as she closes the lid. Diane loo on. She really loves this kid. EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 22 Diane has dug a hole in the dirt. Robbie and Dana watch a Carol Anne places the cigar box into the earth. Dana is eating celery and Diane throws her a “you’re chewing too loud” look. Robbie, from up in the tree, watches fascinat as Diane and Carol Anne refill the hole. In the backgroun the football game is winding up with loud interludes betw the time-outs of the final quarter
15) 8) dialog: Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep...
15) 11) dialog: If I should die before I wake...
15) 13) dialog: I pray the Lord my soul to take.
15) 18) dialog: (brightening-- a new topic) Can I get a goldfish now?! INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 23
15) 19) text: Carol Anne stares wondrously as two brand new goldfish ni Hertz Mountain from the surface. Robbie sits on his bed i his PJ's reading a Popeye comic. Distant THUNDER can be h as Robbie looks over at his window. ROBBIE’S POV A weak flash of lightning outlines the tree he was playin earlier. It is not merely the overactive imagination of a nine-year-old that makes this tree scary to us. The twist branches that seem to suggest arms and the split trunk th appears to suggest horns is all too real even at first glance.
15) 23) dialog: Tweety-two and Tweety-three wants seconds.
15) 26) dialog: (rapidly) Closet light! Closet light
16) 17) text: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 25 Steven flops Robbie onto his pillow just as a flash light the room and the tree outside the window. Carol Anne lies awake, watching.
16) 28) dialog: One, two, three... Thunder is HEARD.
17) 0) text: Carol Anne and Robbie are asleep next to Diane and Steve. TV has been left on and the National Anthem starts to pla
17) 3) dialog: She turns on her side. And her eyes open surreally. Ever slowly, she turns her head fully facing the TV. Carol Ann smiles. A smile much too sophisticated for a five-years-o child.
17) 10) dialog: (whispering) Come out... come out... The picture tube starts to SNAP! Little flashes momentari blind Carol Anne. She blinks and tries to see deeper. SNA CRACK! It’s as if flashbulbs were being emitted. Steven a Diane turn fitfully but remain asleep. FLASH! POP! Robbie close to waking.
17) 11) dialog: Smiling, on her knees now... she reaches out toward the T screen when... SOMETHING REACHES BACK. A Substance. A for like a wispy, smoky tentacle twists forward, EXTENDING FR THE PICTURE TUBE and snaking into the Freeling bedroom. Transparent and cold, it gives birth to itself, builds up its own energy, growing brighter as it seems to hover abo Carol Anne, then tower over the family asleep in the king sized bed.
17) 12) dialog: She must bend her neck to look all the way up at the ceil where this cyclonic shape waltzes... studying.. at the ro then Carol Anne... AN EXPLOSION from the TV set. The brightest flash yet experienced. A force that expels the intruder from the se and into the room. Catapulting it past the family and int the wall RIGHT OVER THE BED, where it leaves a dark penci dot stain. The entire room shakes and the family is awake panicked. The window cracks, the curtain rod slips. Books and memen fall from the open hutch. The medicine cabinet opens and prescription medicine splatters on the tiled floor. The r lights flare then die. Every picture topples from the wal Just as quickly as it began, the episode ceases. A HUSH 2 descends. Everyone looks at Carol Anne. Carol Anne looks everyone... then intones, almost matter-of-factly.
17) 13) dialog: They’re here. 29 30 15. EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 29
18) 0) text: Steve is on the phone, nervously smoking a cigarette as t bulldozer can be seen out the window, digging the new poo Diane is serving waffles around the breakfast table. E. B sits at Robbie’s feet, watching the waffles hopefully. On Carol Anne seems to have an appetite.
18) 5) dialog: Can I take my goldfish to school?
18) 9) dialog: Uh huh.
18) 11) dialog: (mouth full) The TV people.
21) 5) text: 35 20. Carol Anne shakes her head... slowly.
21) 9) dialog: Up there.
21) 11) dialog: No... do you?
24) 4) dialog: Mommy didn’t cook any dinner.
24) 9) dialog: 
24) 14) dialog: (angry now) I’m hungry.
24) 17) dialog: She starts to tremble as if on a funhouse ride. Her littl body begins to move forward, faster, and all the way acro the kitchen floor right into Diane’s arms.
24) 18) dialog: (rubbing her fanny) That burned!
24) 31) dialog: Daddy, look at me!! They turn but it’s too late. Carol Anne shoots across the room faster than before, and with no one to catch her.
24) 33) dialog: You promised pizza.
27) 0) text: Carol Anne is suddenly forgotten as Dana, Diane and Steve hurl themselves downstairs and through the kitchen, only find the door blocked by several large branches.
31) 6) text: With the exception of the two beds blocking the closet, Robbie and Carol Anne’s room is stripped clean. Diane let out a muffled shriek and throws herself against the barricade, pulling back mattresses, boxsprings and blanke Steve joins her and together they work side by side, pant crying and calling for Carol Anne.
75) 0) text: Diane hangs desperately onto any tangible reality. She mo carefully through the house, cleaning up. When she passes Carol Anne and Robbie’s room Diane hesitates. She listens through the door. She knocks softly and prays. 102 103 65.
89) 11) dialog: 
95) 0) text: Steve carries Diane who still holds Carol Anne. Both are crying and not aware of their surroundings. 132 133 134 90. They are covered from head to toe in a jellied substance, pink and red, that oozes down Steve’s legs to the floor leaving a trail behind. Steve turns on the water and puts Diane and Carol Anne in the tub. Ryan follows him behind with his portable table video equipment. The water quickly turns into a bright pi as the jelly substance dissolves and foments like bubbleb
96) 2) dialog: Hi, Daddy.
98) 5) dialog: Who’s that with Aunt Tangie?
99) 15) dialog: (teasing Robbie) Looky-loo. Looky-loo. Looky, looky, looky-loo.
101) 0) text: Taking the pins from her hair, Diane passes Carol Anne an Robbie’s bedroom. The door is closed and warm light filte through at the bottom jamb. She listens in, hears nothing starts to turn the knob, but thinks twice and continues i her bedroom.
104) 0) text: Diane comes into the hall in her robe. Her hair is pinned for the tub. The bathwater can be heard inside. Tying off robe, Diane returns to Carol Anne and Robbie’s room and p her hand on the knob. This is hard for her and will alway be. She turns it and the door slides open. Diane sticks h head in tentatively. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 142 DIANE’S POV Robbie and Carol Anne are quietly playing SPACE INVADERS their new Atari video game. They both turn to see what th mother wants.
104) 3) dialog: I won the last two battles.
105) 3) dialog: ‘Nite, Robbie.
108) 8) dialog: Waking up suddenly. A light interior breeze ruffles her h Carol Anne sees the closet The closet grows brighter. 149 150 98.
109) 2) dialog: 
112) 3) dialog: She is SCREAMING WILDLY. A white hot light erasing her features as she once again fights the phantom wind that begins to suck the room toward the closet.
114) 0) text: Diane hits the staircase and races up. The door to the children’s room is shut and ultra-bright light is streami from under the jamb. Diane opens it and is immediately su in. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 156 Robbie and Carol Anne hold onto their bedposts with all t might. Everything is loose and circulating the room a ful revolution before surrendering to the closet and bottomle pit. Diane SCREAMS to her children.
114) 3) text: It sucks harder and Robbie and Carol Anne’s beds start to move toward the hot pink opening. Diane lurches the final inch and grabs Robbie’s little wrist with both hands.
118) 0) text: Diane picks up Carol Anne and she and Robbie run toward t kitchen.
123) 0) text: Diane, carrying Carol Anne, and Robbie come running from back yard. Two coffins pop up in their path. They dodge t cascading bodies and scramble towards the station wagon.
139) 0) text: The Freelings, Dana, Robbie, Steve, and Diane are asleep, two beds still in the clothes we last saw them wearing. I very quiet except for the snoring. The nightmare has ende CAMERA PANS around the room to Carol Anne who is the only family member not sleeping. Carol Anne is fiddling with the RCA Vistacolor television trying to get it to work. POP. IT COMES ON. The room is bathed in cold blue TV light and we HEAR the few bars of The National Anthem. 107. CAMERA PUSHES PAST the sleeping Freelings to a view over Carol Anne’s shoulder. The Anthem ends and the station manager identifies the station, signifies the megahertz and signs off the mornin THE CAMERA PUSHES PAST CAROL ANNE’S HEAD UNTIL THE TV IS SCREEN.