1) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES along the hallway, past the guest bath and o to a partially open door. We explore this room, if only f an instant, to catch DIANE FREELING, 32, tossing in her sleep, a tangle of hair covering her face. INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 3 CAMERA moves away and slithers into another bedroom. DIAN FREELING is sixteen, very beautiful, and snoring unevenly She is surrounded by potato chips and homework. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 4 The SOUND OF TELEVISION STATIC leaks as the CAMERA moves the last bedroom. ROBBIE FREELING is just a seven-year-ol lump under the covers. With the sheets tucked around him, looks like a ghost and where his head should be there is Dodgers baseball cap. The closet light is on and the clos opened only a crack to let in the safe night light as we beyond Robbie to CAROL ANNE FREELING. The STATIC SOUNDS f the 0.S. TV seem to arouse this pert six-years-old froma sound and regular sleep. Her eyes snap open. She listens flicks some sleep from her eyes, and rises out of bed. CAMERA TRACKS AHEAD OF HER as if drawing her OUTSIDE the safety of her bedroom and roommate brother.
3) 0) text: Diane starts and sits up quickly.
8) 7) dialog: Oh Tweety, couldn’t you wait for a school day? EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 14 Robbie is next to a tall, misshapen oak tree that has gro bent forward, a little too close to the house. Robbie is marching in circles around the tree, acting brave. He sta to climb.
13) 0) text: Diane has Tweety by his little claw feet at arms length. a sour grimace she moves into the bathroom and raises the toilet seat, aims Tweety and... Carol Anne steps into the doorway catching her Mom red-handed. 20
13) 3) dialog: (barely audible) Oh shit. EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 20 With his own bedroom window facing him, Robbie climbs amo the twisted branches, then looks at the neighborhood and sky beyond.
15) 3) dialog: Sweetheart, Tweety can’t smell a thing.
15) 10) dialog: (to Dana) Stifle it!
15) 14) dialog: That was lovely, honey.
15) 16) dialog: Robbie! ! 23
15) 21) dialog: 
15) 22) dialog: Honey, you’re overfeeding them.
15) 25) dialog: You’11 be asleep by the time it gets here... if you hurry. Lights out! The kids dive for the covers. Diane turns out the light. room is overwhelmed by darkness. Carol Anne speaks up fir 24
15) 27) dialog: My fault. My fault. Diane turns on the light in their closet and cracks open door. Carol Anne relaxes and waves good-night to her fish Robbie looks over at the rocking chair by the bureau. Sit straight up is clown doll. It is almost the size of Robbi Its stare is devilish and its smile is just a little too broad for comedy. Robbie gets up and without looking at the doll, throws a plaid shirt over its head. He climbs back into bed, outli by a blue flash from the window.
16) 2) dialog: (taking a hit) Sleepwalking. Sleepwalking. Nocturnal Somnambulism. * I’11 betcha it’s genetic. Carol Anne all last week and then last night. Me when I was ten. I once walked four blocks and fell asleep in the back seat of this man’s car. He went all the way to work before discovering me. God. I started screaming... people ran over. The police came. They took the guy downtown. My father had me examined for bruises hickeys, I don’t know. Oh shit, Steven! If we dig the pool and Carol Anne falls in before there’s any water... Steven... are you listening? 10. Steven takes the joint back from Diane and pulls it down halfway in one breath -- holding the hit
16) 4) dialog: What’s three meters?
16) 6) dialog: Honey, why don’t we just build the pool closer to the house and let he kids jump off the roof? ct
16) 9) dialog: Splat!!
16) 11) dialog: Splurg.
16) 13) dialog: We don’t really need it.
16) 15) dialog: Yeah and, our pool will be alive with a thousand guests. 25 11.
17) 0) text: Carol Anne and Robbie are asleep next to Diane and Steve. TV has been left on and the National Anthem starts to pla
18) 0) text: Steve is on the phone, nervously smoking a cigarette as t bulldozer can be seen out the window, digging the new poo Diane is serving waffles around the breakfast table. E. B sits at Robbie’s feet, watching the waffles hopefully. On Carol Anne seems to have an appetite.
18) 2) dialog: (quietly to Carol Anne) Chew each bite ten times. Carol Anne exaggerates her chewing; smiling with her mout full.
18) 4) dialog: When you said, “They’re here” last night.
18) 8) dialog: (to Carol Anne) Sweetheart. Do you remember last night? Do you remember when you woke up and said, “They’re here?”
18) 10) dialog: Who did you mean? Who’s here?
18) 19) dialog: Gimme that thing before you cut yourself. Carol Anne has a big dripping splash of milk running down forehead. Oblivious to this she just keeps eating, goes o to the kitchen TV... turns it on to the “Today Show”, the switches to an “in between” channel and watches the snow.
18) 22) dialog: (pushing him back) You I can handle.
18) 24) dialog: Breakfast first.
19) 0) text: Diane has witnessed this sloppy display through the open door. Choosing to pass over it, she turns toward the kitc table to clean up. E. BUZZ, the dog, is sitting on a pull out chair eating from everyone’s plates. Diane sighs and shoos E. Buzz away.
19) 1) dialog: When you leave the table, Carol Anne... Robbie, you push your chairs in. Carol Anne is trying to fine-tune the snow on television.
19) 2) dialog: Aw, honey you’re going to ruin your eyes. This is not good for you. She turns the set to another channel where a WAR MOVIE is showing. Soldiers blowing up and screaming.
20) 0) text: Diane is cleaning up. Broken glass surrounds her. She cup her left hand and picks narrow shards out of the shag whe the GROWLING begins. Diane turns and sees... DIANE’S POV E. BUZZ is growling at the wall. Looking up at something don’t see. Diane sidesteps the broken vases to follow E. Buzz’s eyeline right up the wall and onto the stain.
20) 1) dialog: She cocks her head curiously.
20) 5) dialog: Never removing his spaniel eyes from the wall, E. Buzz’ t starts wagging. He backs a scoot away from the wall and executes and obedient “roll-over”. Diane herself retreats
20) 6) dialog: (gently) C’mere, E. Buzz. E. Buzz turns, but his mind is not on Diane. He runs out the room between Diane’s legs immediately returning with chew-ball. E. Buzz sidles up to the wall and sets his che ball down, “speaks” and executes a double roll-over.
21) 0) text: Diane enters, sees Pugsley drinking a cup of coffee from of her China cups.
21) 1) dialog: (at doorway, to Pugsley) Okay, Bluto! Gimme my cup.
21) 4) dialog: Jesus, don’t do that. You wanna see your mommy lying in a cigar box covered in licorice?
21) 6) dialog: (pointing to chairs) Did you do that? Carol Anne shakes her head slowly. Diane replaces the chairs in their proper places and retu to the sink. She opens the cupboard under the sink, and brings out a bottle of 409. She stands and turns around..
21) 8) dialog: (a whisper to Carol Anne) The TV people?
21) 10) dialog: (barely audible) Do you see them?
21) 12) dialog: Uh uh.
23) 4) dialog: Just c’mere! Hurry!
23) 6) dialog: Leave it. Quick, before it stops again.
24) 0) text: We have never seen Diane focused and again so frazzled. H words are coming in spurts. She must constantly catch her breath. The thrill in her voice is backed up against an oppressive fear.
24) 1) dialog: Okay, okay... look. Okay. Listen. I’ve kept Dana and Robbie out of this, but Carol Anne was with me when it started so I cut her in, but Dana would blab and Robbie’d be up for three weeks sleeping on your side of the bed. 23.
24) 3) dialog: No, goddammit, you sit down! I mean... stand right there. And just... just have an open mind. Reach back into our past when I used to know you with one and use it for the next coupla minutes. Carol Anne suddenly appears from around the corner lookin exhausted and cranky. In her hand is a San Diego Charger football helmet.
24) 5) dialog: (loud) We’ll go to Pizza Hut, all right?
24) 7) dialog: (last words) Okay... okay now, watch!! Watch!! She removes her hands from the back of the chair and step aside. Steve watches Diane as much as the chair. He start step forward when Diane throws both of her hands out to s him.
24) 8) dialog: Look! The chair begins to tremble. It virtually jitterbugs in place... then begins to move forward picking up speed unt it traverses the entire length of the kitchen ending up r in front of Steve’s bullfrog eyes.
24) 11) dialog: With hysterical victory in her eyes.
24) 13) dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay. Look! (to Carol Anne) Sweetheart, show Daddy.
24) 15) dialog: Don’t argue! ! Carol Anne shrugs and puts on the football helmet. Diane over to Steve’s side and pushes the chair out of the way. Carol Anne sits on the floor in a circle with her name on in yellow chalk.
24) 19) dialog: Sorry, baby, floor needed more wax.
24) 21) dialog: You try!
24) 23) dialog: You can’t believe the feeling.
24) 26) dialog: I figured I’d never explain it to you. So I showed you instead, but don’t ask me how or what. Just help me figure out what to do.
24) 28) dialog: Not from inside the house. Maybe Tuthill got himself a super remote from the Radio Shack. Carol Anne adjusts her helmet and sits inside her launch circle. Diane and Steve are having the discussion across room and aren’t aware of her.
24) 30) dialog: No shit.
24) 38) dialog: Mr. Tuthill.
24) 46) dialog: Mr. Tuthill, what my husband was wondering...
24) 48) dialog: You been having any disturbances lately?
24) 50) dialog: (trying to be casual) Oh, dishes or furniture moving -- around by themselves?
25) 0) text: Diane is applying calamine lotion to Steve’s neck and wri
25) 1) dialog: I had to say something. I was losing a pint of blood every few seconds. 44 28.
25) 3) dialog: Who for instance? I’ve already looked in the yellow pages. Furniture movers we got. Strange Phenomenon... there’s no listing.
25) 5) dialog: Okay, stop it.
25) 7) dialog: Okay already!
25) 9) dialog: Now you’re scaring me. Don’t try and scare me, Steve. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 44 Robbie is wide awake. He is staring out the window from u the covers. There is a flash of lightning. Robbie begins nervously counting.
26) 1) dialog: (getting her back up) I’m the one who lived with this freaky thing all day. And nothing bad happened. It’s like another side of nature. A side you and I are not qualified to comprehend. When you overreact like this it makes what happened much too important.
26) 3) dialog: (looking through the stash box) We’re out of papers. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 46 Robbie is watching the tree. Carol Anne is asleep but she tossing and moaning like the wind outside the window. Another FLASH OF LIGHTNING. Robbie pulls the covers up ov his nose and mouth. His little breath pushing the fabric and down as he counts.
27) 0) text: Carol Anne is suddenly forgotten as Dana, Diane and Steve hurl themselves downstairs and through the kitchen, only find the door blocked by several large branches.
31) 2) dialog: It must of just skimmed us. There wouldn’t be a house standing if...
31) 5) dialog: (looking at the shattered upstairs window) My God! Everyone runs to the house. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL TO CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 56 Steve and Diane are first into the room. Their expression say it all. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 57
31) 6) text: With the exception of the two beds blocking the closet, Robbie and Carol Anne’s room is stripped clean. Diane let out a muffled shriek and throws herself against the barricade, pulling back mattresses, boxsprings and blanke Steve joins her and together they work side by side, pant crying and calling for Carol Anne.
31) 10) dialog: (turning and calling) Carol Anne! Dana goes to the shattered window and calls out.
31) 13) dialog: I’1l go!! Look in the bathrooms!
34) 0) text: Diane passes the TV. Snow, but no transmission. She check the bed, the closet, the bathroom, becoming more frantic every dashed hope.
34) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus Christ Almighty. Carol Anne!
34) 3) dialog: (suddenly realizing) Oh my God. The swimming pool! Everyone breaks running. Again passing Robbie in the hall Robbie turns into his mother’s room. The SOUND OF TV STAT and blue video glow growing stronger with every step.
35) 0) text: Dana, Steve and Diane race to the edge. The rain has soft the edges and Dana’s feet slide out from under her. She starts to fall when Diane grabs her wrist, Dana simply dangles above the deep end, filled with two feet of rainw and mud. Steve slides down the steep muddy shoot from thr to nine feet and plunges his hands into the quagmire. He finds nothing.
37) 1) dialog: She almost has Dana pulled out when the SOUND reaches her preferential instinct forces Diane to let go. Dana falls feet into her father’s arms.
38) 0) text: Diane is already inside the house and heading down the ha
39) 0) text: Robbie is stationed not six inches from the nineteen-inch screen, hysterical, holding his hair in his fists. Diane grabs him up and locks her eyes to his.
39) 1) dialog: What is it?! Oh my Christ, what is it?!!! The STATIC HISS is almost unbearable. Through it all we c still make out “the voice”.
39) 3) dialog: Carol Anne! Where are you?! Diane puts Robbie down and runs in a wide circle looking. HISS is everywhere. E. Buzz growls at the TV.
39) 5) dialog: I’m here, baby! Oh God, baby, I’m here!
39) 10) dialog: Her eyes roll white, her head lulls and we FADE OUT.
41) 0) text: Diane’s VOICE is heard over two shaking hands trying not spill a pot of coffee as it fills a cup. DIANE’S VOICE None of us have been much fun to be around. I guess you can tell I haven’t slept very much. Steve’s stayed home from work so much. He’s been really wonderful. Really. PAN UP from the shaking hands to Dr. Martha Lesh. She mus now use both hands, steady the coffee she’s just poured. assistants are in no better condition.
41) 1) dialog: She looks terrific. Her eyes are alert, hair combed back held with a bright yellow clip. She sips her coffee with steady hands and softly inquires.
41) 2) dialog: How long have you been investigating haunted houses?
41) 4) dialog: Diane. 41.
41) 9) dialog: There’1l be two more in a few seconds. They always travel in pairs. Tak sits holding the camera with his mouth hung open. Les nudges him.
41) 11) dialog: Gotta be quicker than that around here.
41) 13) dialog: You were saying poltergeists...
41) 16) dialog: Are you telling me all this could just end at any time?
41) 18) dialog: Then we don’t have much time, Dr. Lesh. Because my daughter is alive somewhere in this house.
42) 2) dialog: Dana, I’d like you to meet doctor...
42) 6) dialog: We receive better on this channel but don’t ask me why. Dr. Lesh is thoroughly perplexed. She puts on her glasses Steve turns out the lamp and lights a cigarette. Diane squeezes her husband’s hand. The CAMERA PUSHES IN to the screen and millions of particles of white air. Diane turns the volume up and Ryan, wearing headsets, flinches, adjusting down the volume on his recorder.
42) 7) dialog: I'll call her. She says this so matter-of-factly that Dr. Lesh gasps. Di walks to the center of the living room, folds her hands i front of her, collecting her thoughts, takes a very deep breath and calls to the ceiling.
42) 8) dialog: It’s mommy, sweetheart. We want to talk to you. Baby, please answer Please talk to me, Carol Anne. Dr. Lesh looks quickly to Tak and Ryan for their human responses to this. Tak shrugs unnoticed. Ryan adjusts in chair and looks up at the ceiling. E. Buzz prances into the room, looking up as if following the heels of someone with a treat
42) 10) dialog: Are you with us now? Can you say hello to Daddy? Say hello to Daddy, baby. 44.
42) 15) dialog: Carol Anne. Where is this light?
42) 18) dialog: Sweetheart, the light is dangerous. Don’t go near it. Don’t look at the light. Tak speaks into Dr. Lesh’s ear.
44) 6) dialog: (fear enveloping her) Who is with you?
46) 2) dialog: (screaming back) Run Carol Anne! Run away!!
46) 5) dialog: Carol Anne! Oh God!! Steve holds Diane to him, she pushes away and SCREAMS at ceiling.
46) 6) dialog: You fucking bastard, she’s just a baby!
46) 8) dialog: (screaming through tears to Dr. Lesh) Help her! Can’t you hear what’s happening?! 47. We HEAR soft FOOTSTEPS running across the ceiling and dow the wall. Two lamps are turned over and smash to pieces o the library table. We next HEAR colossal FOOTFALLS BOOMING in pursuit. A gus interior wind races through Diane’s clothes and hair. She SCREAMS in combined joy and horror.
46) 9) dialog: She just moved through me. My God, I felt her. I can smell her! She went through my soul! ! Diane runs back to Steve and grabs his shirt, pulling him her.
46) 10) dialog: Smell my clothes. It’s her. It’s her all over me. Steve smells and can’t believe it
46) 13) dialog: Carol Anne!
46) 16) dialog: Carol Anne doesn’t answer. Steve? 48.
46) 18) dialog: Her bedroom closet. And she wasn’t playing.
47) 12) dialog: (firm and quick) I’m not leaving Carol Anne.
47) 14) dialog: You take Robbie into town.
50) 0) text: Lesh goes to the console TV and, assuming everyone is asl she turns it off. In a very small voice Diane leans on he elbow.
50) 1) dialog: Please. Leave it on. Dr. Lesh smiles, it’s the first time we’ve seen her do th and it reminds Diane at once of her favorite story-book grandma who bakes cookies and knits comforters.
50) 2) dialog: She smiles back and motions for Dr. Lesh to come over.
50) 3) dialog: When things get quiet like now I can imagine how all this must look from you end. I’m really embarrassed.
50) 5) dialog: You were so funny. Your hands were shaking a mile a minute.
50) 6) text: Diane starts to giggle. It’s a release and Dr. Lesh joins her.
50) 8) dialog: You mean someday we’1ll understand these things?
50) 11) dialog: Your sister isn’t dead, Robbie.
50) 15) dialog: His soul was invisible. You couldn’t see it going to the sky.
50) 23) dialog: Let’s get some shuteye, whad’ya say, partner?
66) 4) dialog: Rising to her knees she looks out into the hall and hugs Robbie protectively.
67) 2) dialog: First time!
67) 5) dialog: (yelling) It’s going to explode! The hum of electrostatic charge races up the scales to wh sounds like feedback overload, then...
67) 10) dialog: MOVE IN TO HER as she watches the color monitor.
67) 12) dialog: She covers Robbie’s eyes and SCREAMS continuously, out of control, for this is the pit of her nightmare.
67) 13) dialog: That thing is in there with my baby! That thing! That thing!
68) 3) dialog: Tell Grandma to call the very second you walk in.
68) 5) dialog: Don’t be scared of the taxi man, he’s a friend of Daddy’s and mine.
69) 0) text: Diane and Steve watch Robbie and E. Buzz go out the door. Steve starts to follow, reaching out to help with the bag Robbie waves him off.
69) 2) dialog: (tearful, but holding back) Bye, sweetheart. Call us.
71) 2) dialog: Some haul, huh? (gestures upstairs) Maybe they fear a lawsuit and want an out of court settlement Dr. Lesh holds up a twist-o-flex digital wristwatch. 62.
71) 4) dialog: He said it wasn’t.
71) 6) dialog: Has anything lately?
71) 9) dialog: Or... “That’s incredible”?
75) 0) text: Diane hangs desperately onto any tangible reality. She mo carefully through the house, cleaning up. When she passes Carol Anne and Robbie’s room Diane hesitates. She listens through the door. She knocks softly and prays. 102 103 65.
75) 1) dialog: (lightly) Hello. Anyone home? (she raps softly) Carol Anne? Diane slips her hand down to the doorknob. Knowing it is always locked she feels safe in trying it -- the knob tur in her hand. Tak never locked up after his episode. Diane GASPS and jumps back. As much as she wants to, Diane won’ in. She backs into her own bedroom and shuts the door.
76) 0) text: She turns and sees the bed is not made. Diane pulls off t covers and the sheets, making them ready for the washing machine. Dust rises off the bed and Diane SNEEZES. As she tilts her head back for a second sneeze she freezes looki at the wall over her head. The sneeze never materializes.
82) 1) text: We are following Steve and Diane. They seem to be gazing as they walk through their home. CAMERA WIDENS to reveal and Lesh ahead of the Freelings. They appear to be follow something, also looking down at their feet. CAMERA PANS D expecting to find E. Buzz at the head of this train. Instead... We meet TANGINA BARRONS, astrologist, clairvoyant, midget 73. She is dressed in a California Hawaiian print dress, wear her hair in a beehive, dons aviator sunglasses and casual sips coffee from a mug as she explores the Freeling home. Tangina stops and looks at her followers. She speaks with very polite Southern accent.
82) 4) dialog: We haven’t heard a word from Carol Anne since last night.
82) 6) dialog: Answer her.
83) 0) text: The CAMERAS are all set up. The Zenith console is now the centerpiece of this room. The rest of the furniture has b piled against the walls although we’re not sure if this i Diane’s work or early poltergeist disturbances. Tangina s herself on the video monitor and smiles into the CAMERA. waves and watches herself waving on the monitor. She make funny face and gets a huge thrill at seeing it in black a white. Diane and Steve stand divorced from this. They hav become bit players as Tangina takes center stage.
83) 14) dialog: (through tears) Yes. I feel that too.
83) 16) dialog: I will. Believe me, I will.
83) 18) dialog: Oh yes. Please.
84) 8) dialog: Carol Anne... Carol Anne... It’s Mommy. Can you hear me tonight?
84) 10) dialog: Carol Anne. Can you tell Mommy hello?
84) 14) dialog: Can you say hello to Daddy? Daddy and I miss you so much. So much. We love you so much. Can you say hello?
84) 17) dialog: (overlapping) She’s what?! What do you mean?! Who’s restraining her?!
84) 19) dialog: She’s afraid of neither.
84) 25) dialog: Steve decides the punishment. The children have always known that.
84) 43) dialog: (intervening) Goddamnit, Steven, tell her 81.
84) 48) dialog: Away from who... that thing we saw? Is she all right?
84) 50) dialog: Carol Anne, do you see the light? CAROL ANNE’S VOICE He’s chasing me, Mommy... (screams)
84) 52) dialog: (looking at Dr. Lesh) No!
84) 55) dialog: Run for the lights. Run as fast as you can! CAROL ANNE’S VOICE Mommy!! Are you in the light?
84) 56) dialog: No, honey, I’m...
84) 58) dialog: It’s a lie!!
84) 60) dialog: Run to the light, Carol Anne, Mommy is in the light!
84) 62) text: Diane is now crying out of angry frustration and deceit.
84) 63) dialog: Mommy is in the light waiting for you! (she wheels on Tangina) I_hate you for this!!
85) 0) text: Dr. Lesh, Ryan, Steven and Diane. Tangina Barrons is in t lead, outdistancing everyone. INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE CHILDREN’S BEDROOM DOOR - NIGHT 112 Everybody crowds around. Tangina turns to Steve, her breathing coarse with phlegm and wheezing. 113 114 83.
87) 2) text: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 117 Diane cannot believe what is going on. She looks back int the blizzard.
87) 3) dialog: The ball came back! It’s his handwriting. Tangina tosses balls #2 and #3 together into the closet light.
89) 0) text: Diane relays Ryan’s shouts...
89) 2) dialog: Two AND THREE CAME BACK! THEY CAME
89) 10) dialog: (with all her heart)
92) 2) dialog: STOP -- IT’ THROUGH! Tangina looks at the last calibration. 87.
92) 7) dialog: WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING?
92) 9) dialog: SHE WON’T COME TO YOU. LET ME GO.
92) 11) dialog: 
92) 16) text: Steve realizes it’s true. Diane pulls the rope from Steve secures it around her waist. Steve ties two clove hitches faces his wife.
92) 17) dialog: (above the wind)
92) 26) text: Dr. Lesh runs downstairs and Diane takes one look back at Steve.
92) 27) dialog: DON’T LET GO, YOU GUYS!
92) 30) dialog: She moves into it... the light swallowing her. Tangina watches the calibrations and stops feeding when the indications are that Diane is in the center of the infini void.
93) 16) dialog: Tangina snaps out of her trance to find Steve withdrawing rope with all his might. She lets out a SCREAM.
95) 0) text: Steve carries Diane who still holds Carol Anne. Both are crying and not aware of their surroundings. 132 133 134 90. They are covered from head to toe in a jellied substance, pink and red, that oozes down Steve’s legs to the floor leaving a trail behind. Steve turns on the water and puts Diane and Carol Anne in the tub. Ryan follows him behind with his portable table video equipment. The water quickly turns into a bright pi as the jelly substance dissolves and foments like bubbleb
96) 3) dialog: Thank God. Oh, thank God. Tangina and Dr. Lesh lean against the door, exhausted.
98) 4) dialog: This came in the mail this morning from Tangina. She’s in Acapulco. Diane passes a color Polaroid around the table.
99) 1) dialog: This photograph just goes on to prove that we grow things bigger in Texas than anywhere else in the world.
99) 3) dialog: It’s a school night.
99) 5) dialog: (laughing) Right. Right, I guess your mother is getting old.
99) 7) dialog: (mock protesting) Well I like it.
99) 9) dialog: I like my hair like this. It’s very distinguished. Diane finishes the letter.
99) 10) dialog: She wants to know how our therapy is coming and says there is no better road to a normal life than through the love we have shown for each other...
99) 13) dialog: ...and thinks moving is a good idea even if the house is clean. You’re still seeing Teague tonight, aren’t you?
100) 0) text: Diane watches him leave and walks up the stairs to the up bedroom.
101) 0) text: Taking the pins from her hair, Diane passes Carol Anne an Robbie’s bedroom. The door is closed and warm light filte through at the bottom jamb. She listens in, hears nothing starts to turn the knob, but thinks twice and continues i her bedroom.
102) 0) text: Diane has done some redecorating in here. The first thing notice is that the stain is gone and the curtains are lac yellow with white for borders. The bedspread is a happy sunlit color with smiling moons and planets.
103) 0) text: Diane reaches down into the bathtub.
103) 1) text: Diane squeezes the rubber stopper into the drain.
104) 0) text: Diane comes into the hall in her robe. Her hair is pinned for the tub. The bathwater can be heard inside. Tying off robe, Diane returns to Carol Anne and Robbie’s room and p her hand on the knob. This is hard for her and will alway be. She turns it and the door slides open. Diane sticks h head in tentatively. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 142 DIANE’S POV Robbie and Carol Anne are quietly playing SPACE INVADERS their new Atari video game. They both turn to see what th mother wants.
104) 1) dialog: Just checkin’ up. I’1l be in the tub for a few minutes if you’1ll get the phone?
104) 5) dialog: Play nice or Mommy wins the war She turns to go and sees that the closet light is off. Di reaches into the closet with her hand... feeling for the switch. Her hand flails in the dark until it feels someth Diane flinches and pulls. The closet light comes on and D lets go of the pull cord. She smiles again at her childre and leaves.
105) 0) text: ANGLE - DIANE’S BARE FEET The robe falls in a bundle around her feet. She steps out it and into the tub. Sucking in her breath several times she inches her way into the hot water up to her neck, Dia sighs. She closes her eyes. The steam rises to the ceilin 144 145 95. The tub water gurgles into the overflow drain just under spigot. Diane takes a washrag, throws it by her feet, and uses her big toe to clog the overflow drain to stop the annoying sound.
105) 2) dialog: She closes her eyes. Her breathing becomes steady and regular. We hold... and HOLD. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 144 Robbie yawns and climbs into his new bed. Carol Anne imit her older brother and climbs into her new bed. The TV game is still on and the tiny white and blue rocke race silently through video space.
106) 2) dialog: She is drying herself outside the tub. She looks down at dog and blows him a kiss.
107) 0) text: E. Buzz’s tail wags as he follows Diane into the bedroom where she sits in front of her vanity table and takes the clips from her hair. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 146
108) 0) text: Dressed in her nightgown and robe, Diane combs out her lo silky hair. She throws her head forward so all the hair i the back can cover her face. Stroking from the back of he neck, Diane gets out all the tangles. Satisfied, Diane fl her head straight up so all her hair can fly back around shoulders. The shiny gray-brown hair flies straight up in the air and upon reaching its full height... it freezes a doesn’t come down. E. Buzz turns and runs out of the room. DIANE IS LOOKING HERSELF IN THE MIRROR WHEN THIS HAPPENS. In the background, just above the headboard to her bed, 1 BLACK SPOT starts to SPREAD. Like an ink blot it gathers speed in all directions sending wiggly black veins like a of-war over the ceiling and onto the floor. CLOSE - DIANE’S FACE 147-B
109) 0) text: Diane lets out a chilling SCREAM. Her robe is torn away f her nightgown and hurled into the air. Diane tries to get but a pressure upon her chest defeats her best effort. CLOSE - DIANE’S BREASTS The nightgown is suddenly torn away revealing her breast. They are kneaded and flattened. Hulking finger impression can be seen sinking deeply into her. Diane’s hysteria doe make any difference. Now her legs are spread apart and a great pressure over her pelvic bone crushes her deeper an deeper into the mattress over and over again. Diane is fighting all this time when everything suddenly stops. She is left for dead, on the wet, sweat-stained sheets. Then... it begins again, but this time... Diane is pulled to her feet. Standing tiptoes above the pillows she is DRAGGED UP THE WALL AND ONTO THE CEILING. DEFIANCE OF EVERY KNOWN LAW OF PHYSICS. Diane is dragged across the mandibles of the spider stain onto the ceiling. There she is slammed repeatedly, her re end pounding the ceiling, her back arched, her head torn from her shoulders, held invisibly by the hair. Without a breather, she is then pulled across and down th opposite wall. Diane is just as quickly released. She dro onto the floor. Like jello are her legs. Diane struggles crawling off the bed to the door, reaching, straining to it. Mercifully “it” lets her get out. She BELLOWS her childre names.
109) 1) dialog: 
111) 0) text: Diane rolls down the carpeted staircase and grapples for footing as she heads down toward the back door.
112) 0) text: It is raining and Diane is instantly soaked as she backs looking at the house SCREAMING.
112) 1) dialog: 
113) 0) text: Some sort of seismic upheaval is forcing dead things up f the ground in even greater numbers. Diane is climbing up steep, slick incline toward the metal ladder at the shall end. With every couple of steps to safety, she slips back the rain, turning back to see the black tie crowd that aw her. Diane turns back reaching out her hand to dig in dee when... ANOTHER HAND GRABS HERS. Diane shrieks and looks into the face of Ben Tuthill from next door.
113) 3) dialog: 
114) 0) text: Diane hits the staircase and races up. The door to the children’s room is shut and ultra-bright light is streami from under the jamb. Diane opens it and is immediately su in. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 156 Robbie and Carol Anne hold onto their bedposts with all t might. Everything is loose and circulating the room a ful revolution before surrendering to the closet and bottomle pit. Diane SCREAMS to her children.
114) 1) dialog: 
114) 3) text: It sucks harder and Robbie and Carol Anne’s beds start to move toward the hot pink opening. Diane lurches the final inch and grabs Robbie’s little wrist with both hands.
114) 4) dialog: 
115) 0) text: Diane drags her children down the stairs and toward the f door. The staircase is rolling as in an earthquake, knock them off balance and onto the landing face down. Diane se the front door through a sudden cut over her left eye. Sh leads the children to it slow in motion as a phenomenally intense headwind tries to prevent their escape. 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 102.
117) 0) text: Diane finally reaches the front door. She throws it open is about to step out when...
118) 0) text: Diane picks up Carol Anne and she and Robbie run toward t kitchen.
120) 0) text: As the family runs for the side door, the kitchen tile bu horrifically, splits open with a MOAN and two caskets sho into the clean eating area, lids blowing off and rotten rotting corpses reaching out at Diane as they pitch forwa As they reach the door, the kitchen wall explodes with th impact of the BEAST.
123) 0) text: Diane, carrying Carol Anne, and Robbie come running from back yard. Two coffins pop up in their path. They dodge t cascading bodies and scramble towards the station wagon.
139) 0) text: The Freelings, Dana, Robbie, Steve, and Diane are asleep, two beds still in the clothes we last saw them wearing. I very quiet except for the snoring. The nightmare has ende CAMERA PANS around the room to Carol Anne who is the only family member not sleeping. Carol Anne is fiddling with the RCA Vistacolor television trying to get it to work. POP. IT COMES ON. The room is bathed in cold blue TV light and we HEAR the few bars of The National Anthem. 107. CAMERA PUSHES PAST the sleeping Freelings to a view over Carol Anne’s shoulder. The Anthem ends and the station manager identifies the station, signifies the megahertz and signs off the mornin THE CAMERA PUSHES PAST CAROL ANNE’S HEAD UNTIL THE TV IS SCREEN.