72) 2) dialog: We’ve missed you at the office, Steve. The fellows were worried so I took it upon myself to... (closely scrutinizes Steve’s appearance) Jesus, Steve, you look like shut. Aren’t you feeling any better. Steve just stands there like a schoolboy caught playing hooky.
73) 0) text: TEAGUE’S POV Teague can see past Steve and into the living room and staircase. All sorts of scientific equipment is strung around. The big console TV is tuned to a static channel, is the kitchen portable, also visible from Mr. Teague’s vantage. Teague looks over Steve’s shoulder and Steve tries to sub block his view.
73) 1) dialog: Looks like your cable is out there.
73) 3) dialog: Well, we should look into that. Is the entire block dark? 100 101 64.
74) 0) text: Steve immediately steps outside with Mr. Teague and close the door behind him. The porch light comes on and even in bright daylight it glows to amazing intensity.
74) 1) dialog: I see you have some electrical problems as well. wWhat’s screwed in there, a three hundred watt bulb? You afraid of prowlers or trying to attract every insect in Cuesta Verde? (he laughs)
74) 3) dialog: Tell me something, are you happy here? I hope you don’t resent my leaping out to ask these things. We wouldn’t want to lose our best rep to either the flu or... other “opportunities”. All that software set up in your living room made me wonder whether you've got a little something going on the side.
74) 5) dialog: Are you up to a little ride? I want to show you something.
77) 2) dialog: I’m so very proud of this place. Steve and Teague stand on a hill overlooking the entire Cuesta Verde Estates. Teague’s Bronco sits off to one sid
77) 4) dialog: So who’s to say an artist shouldn’t step back from his easel to admire the sum of his parts?
77) 6) dialog: One of your children was born in your house.
77) 8) dialog: I understand she’s missed a lot of school lately. Trask’s daughter’s in the same nursery class. She have the flu as well?
77) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t see her.
77) 12) dialog: Are you?
77) 14) dialog: Are you thinking of leaving Cuesta Verde?
77) 16) dialog: (kicking up some sod with his heel) Nice spot for a bay window, wouldn’t you agree? 104 67.
77) 18) dialog: You don’t have to live in the valley any more.
77) 20) dialog: Phase Five is going up right where we’re standing. This could be your master bedroom suite. That could be your view. You interested?
77) 22) dialog: You’re responsible for 42% of sales, almost half of what we’re looking at down there. Almost seventy million dollars of dwellings and property. Maybe a generation of security that no one can put a price tag on. We should have made you a full partner three years ago... I don’t want to lose you now. Steve doesn’t know what to think. So much is piling up so suddenly. It’s a golden opportunity that two weeks ago wo have meant a Hawaiian vacation and days of happiness and celebration. Steve turns around to take in the view.
78) 3) dialog: We own the land. We’ve already made arrangements to relocate the cemetery.
78) 5) dialog: Don’t worry about it. It’s not an ancient tribal burial ground. It’s just... people. Besides, we’ve done it before.
78) 7) dialog: In ‘76. Right down there.
78) 9) dialog: All three hundred acres. It was quite a job, let me tell you.
78) 11) dialog: Well, it’s not something you go around advertising on billboards and the sides of buses. Steve is speechless. He looks back and forth between the existing cemetery and Cuesta Verde Estates below.
78) 12) dialog: What are you worried about? Relatives and friends can visit their loved ones at Broxton Memorial Park. It’s only five minutes further out for Christ’s sake. 105 106 69.
78) 14) dialog: Okay with whom?
78) 16) dialog: Nobody’s complained up til now.