1) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES along the hallway, past the guest bath and o to a partially open door. We explore this room, if only f an instant, to catch DIANE FREELING, 32, tossing in her sleep, a tangle of hair covering her face. INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 3 CAMERA moves away and slithers into another bedroom. DIAN FREELING is sixteen, very beautiful, and snoring unevenly She is surrounded by potato chips and homework. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 4 The SOUND OF TELEVISION STATIC leaks as the CAMERA moves the last bedroom. ROBBIE FREELING is just a seven-year-ol lump under the covers. With the sheets tucked around him, looks like a ghost and where his head should be there is Dodgers baseball cap. The closet light is on and the clos opened only a crack to let in the safe night light as we beyond Robbie to CAROL ANNE FREELING. The STATIC SOUNDS f the 0.S. TV seem to arouse this pert six-years-old froma sound and regular sleep. Her eyes snap open. She listens flicks some sleep from her eyes, and rises out of bed. CAMERA TRACKS AHEAD OF HER as if drawing her OUTSIDE the safety of her bedroom and roommate brother.
15) 15) dialog: (staring at the freshly dug earth, calls down from the tree) Mom, when it rots can we dig it up and see the bones?
15) 19) text: Carol Anne stares wondrously as two brand new goldfish ni Hertz Mountain from the surface. Robbie sits on his bed i his PJ's reading a Popeye comic. Distant THUNDER can be h as Robbie looks over at his window. ROBBIE’S POV A weak flash of lightning outlines the tree he was playin earlier. It is not merely the overactive imagination of a nine-year-old that makes this tree scary to us. The twist branches that seem to suggest arms and the split trunk th appears to suggest horns is all too real even at first glance.
15) 20) dialog: He doesn’t want to look. He doesn’t want to scare himself But he does.
15) 24) dialog: Mom, there’s a big storm headed this way.
16) 17) text: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 25 Steven flops Robbie onto his pillow just as a flash light the room and the tree outside the window. Carol Anne lies awake, watching.
16) 18) dialog: I don’t like the tree, Dad.
16) 20) dialog: I don’t like its arms. It knows I live here, doesn’t it?
16) 22) dialog: It looks at me. It knows I live here. Robbie is visibly frightened now and Steven realizes he’s scared him. Just then a tremor of thunder rolls through t bedroom and Robbie snuggles up to his dad.
16) 24) dialog: How do you know?
16) 30) dialog: Okay. Steven exits leaving the door open. Lightning occurs. Ste waits by the partially open door and listens as Robbie counts.
16) 31) dialog: (very worried) One... two... three... four... five... Distant thunder is HEARD. Robbie is more relieved. INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 26 He feels real good about himself. He KNOCKS on Dana’s doo Music is HEARD. The door opens.
16) 39) dialog: One, two... CRACK! BOOM! An explosive jolt of thunder rocks the house The closet light goes out as the tree outside the window suddenly bends forward as if looking in. Robbie sits bolt upright. Carol Anne wakes up SCREAMING.
17) 0) text: Carol Anne and Robbie are asleep next to Diane and Steve. TV has been left on and the National Anthem starts to pla
18) 0) text: Steve is on the phone, nervously smoking a cigarette as t bulldozer can be seen out the window, digging the new poo Diane is serving waffles around the breakfast table. E. B sits at Robbie’s feet, watching the waffles hopefully. On Carol Anne seems to have an appetite.
18) 7) dialog: The ceiling got crumbs all over my bed.
18) 12) dialog: She’s stoned.
18) 14) dialog: More’n you. Ask Dad. Robbie picks up his milk to take a sip when the bottom of glass drops out, the milk splashing back onto Robbie’s ce bowl, overflowing cereal all over the table and onto Dana blouse in a burst, perhaps slightly strong for the small amount of spilled milk
18) 16) dialog: (throwing up his hands) It’s not my mess.
18) 18) dialog: Mom.
18) 21) dialog: (imitating Dad) I’m outta here!
18) 23) dialog: I got school!!
18) 25) dialog: (casually) All right, I’1l just flunk. Robbie shrugs, reaches for his spoon to resume eating and notices something unusual. The spoon is bent. He looks ar the table. Every spoon is bent. Shrugging it off, Robbie lifts his cereal bowl and drinks right out of it, two tin trails dripping off his chin, spotting his school shirt. 31 32 33 18. EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 31 A big man, PUGSLEY, thirties, bald, steps out of his pool install action truck wearing combat boots, a Teamster T- shirt, mirrored sunglasses and a baseball cap turned arou backwards on his head. He motions to the bulldozer driver “take a gander”. Dana grabs her bike and rides off. The workmen pause to stare at her. Pugsley and the dozer driv share a salacious grin and the dozer driver pops his clut rapidly, the dozer lurching suggestively several times.
25) 10) dialog: One... two... three... four... five... 46 29. The SOUND of rolling thunder. Robbie tenses and watches t tree.
25) 12) dialog: One... two... three... CRACKLE! RUMBLE! The window pane vibrates as the shock wa from the thunder bears down and the wind begins to dance the tree.
26) 4) dialog: One... two...
28) 1) text: The storm lashes the tree. The tree lashes Robbie. RAIN a WIND and CONDENSATION make it difficult to see everything Sixty branches form a briar prison that starts to tear an strangle. Steve races outside. A WALL of WIND makes his r SLOW MOTION. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM 48
31) 6) text: With the exception of the two beds blocking the closet, Robbie and Carol Anne’s room is stripped clean. Diane let out a muffled shriek and throws herself against the barricade, pulling back mattresses, boxsprings and blanke Steve joins her and together they work side by side, pant crying and calling for Carol Anne.
31) 7) dialog: Still in a state of complete dislocation, Robbie walks ba into his bedroom and looks at the window. The tree is the no longer. E. Buzz, the dog, joins Robbie, whimpering at feet.
31) 14) dialog: Robbie’s expression never changes as everyone pushes past on the run. He slowly walks to the closet and looks in. ROBBIE’S POV The clown.
36) 1) dialog: The blue TV light flattens Robbie’s features, accentuatin his lingering catatonia. 63
36) 3) dialog: 
39) 0) text: Robbie is stationed not six inches from the nineteen-inch screen, hysterical, holding his hair in his fists. Diane grabs him up and locks her eyes to his.
39) 6) dialog: Walking to the TV screen again.
39) 7) dialog: Mommy. Here! Here! ! Diane turns to look. She freezes, and only the rivulets o perspiration move across her. Diane doesn’t even breathe.
42) 5) dialog: (disgusted) She’s got brains! Diane flips on the set. A local news station is finishing report when Diane turns to channel 27.
46) 14) dialog: That’s like when Mr. Spock beams up Captain Kirk on “Star Trek”.
47) 3) dialog: You got bit?
47) 8) dialog: Eye level with it, his little mouth hanging open.
47) 9) dialog: Wow! Dr. Lesh takes a tentative step up the stairs then turns demonstratively.
47) 13) dialog: I don’t want to stay here anymore. This place’s got jaws.
50) 10) dialog: If I got killed would I come back as a ghost and get stuck in the house like my sister?
50) 12) dialog: If I got killed could I visit her and show her how to get back here if you tied a rope around me and held it tight? Then somebody could come get me and we could move somewhere else?
50) 14) dialog: When Grampa was dead I looked at him on the hospital bed and I was watchin’, but nothing went out of him.
50) 16) dialog: How come Grandpa isn’t on television with Carol Anne?
50) 18) dialog: They think they’re still alive?
50) 20) dialog: So some people get angry and throw things around like in my bedroom.
50) 22) dialog: I got beat up once by three kids. They took my lunch money. Maybe they got hit by a truck and are upstairs right now.
50) 24) dialog: Goodnight, Mom. ‘Nite lady. ‘Nite, Dad. ‘Nite, E. Buzz. Robbie puts his head down on the pillow and Diane and Dr. Lesh share a warm look over him. Robbie sits back up sudd and looks at the TV set. 77 78
50) 27) dialog: ‘Nite, Carol Anne.
67) 12) dialog: She covers Robbie’s eyes and SCREAMS continuously, out of control, for this is the pit of her nightmare.
68) 2) dialog: Dressed to travel with a little suitcase in hand. At his is E. BUZZ on leash.
68) 6) dialog: (agitated at all this fussing) I’m seven years old, gimme a break.
68) 12) dialog: (acting grown up) I don’t need no more adventure. I need to get some sleep.
69) 0) text: Diane and Steve watch Robbie and E. Buzz go out the door. Steve starts to follow, reaching out to help with the bag Robbie waves him off.
69) 1) dialog: I can do it myself. Bye.
70) 0) text: Robbie and E. Buzz climb into a taxi. It pulls away from curb.
75) 0) text: Diane hangs desperately onto any tangible reality. She mo carefully through the house, cleaning up. When she passes Carol Anne and Robbie’s room Diane hesitates. She listens through the door. She knocks softly and prays. 102 103 65.
98) 0) text: The Freelings are moving. Bekins boxes are stacked all around, and packing lists lie on the kitchen counter. The entire family has gathered in front of a large roast. E. sits by Robbie. They are bowed in prayer, holding hands.
98) 3) dialog: Rub-a-dub-dub. Thanks for the grub. Yeah God! Everybody LAUGHS. Diane, with an enormous amount of gray her hair, reaches into her purse, almost as an afterthoug and takes out an envelope addressed to the Freeling famil
99) 11) dialog: Carol Anne gots more sweet potatoes on her plate.
99) 16) dialog: Looky-loo to you too. Looky-loo are you-who. Looky, looky, looky-loo.
101) 0) text: Taking the pins from her hair, Diane passes Carol Anne an Robbie’s bedroom. The door is closed and warm light filte through at the bottom jamb. She listens in, hears nothing starts to turn the knob, but thinks twice and continues i her bedroom.
104) 0) text: Diane comes into the hall in her robe. Her hair is pinned for the tub. The bathwater can be heard inside. Tying off robe, Diane returns to Carol Anne and Robbie’s room and p her hand on the knob. This is hard for her and will alway be. She turns it and the door slides open. Diane sticks h head in tentatively. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 142 DIANE’S POV Robbie and Carol Anne are quietly playing SPACE INVADERS their new Atari video game. They both turn to see what th mother wants.
104) 2) dialog: Sure, Mom. Hey, I’m winning!
104) 4) dialog: Yeah and I won the first two.
105) 4) dialog: ‘Nite, Carol Anne. Robbie looks over at the new rocking chair. The old clown doll is sitting there quietly. Robbie takes the shirt by bed and tries tossing it over the head of the clown doll he misses. The shirt falls across the arm rest and starts chair rocking. Robbie shrugs and turns out the light by h bed. Only the soft moonlight from the window and the warm light from the partially opened closet give any ambient illumination to the room. Outside the SOUND of a car pass the TICKING of Carol Anne’s new “man in the moon” clock
107) 1) dialog: He turns over but can’t sleep. He yawns and sits up on on elbow looking toward Carol Anne. She is out like a light. Robbie casually looks over at the clown in the rocking ch The rocking chair is empty.
112) 4) dialog: Wrestling on the floor with the clown. He tears the stuff from its middle, shredded bits of white cotton flying at terrifying speed toward the closet opening.
114) 0) text: Diane hits the staircase and races up. The door to the children’s room is shut and ultra-bright light is streami from under the jamb. Diane opens it and is immediately su in. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 156 Robbie and Carol Anne hold onto their bedposts with all t might. Everything is loose and circulating the room a ful revolution before surrendering to the closet and bottomle pit. Diane SCREAMS to her children.
114) 3) text: It sucks harder and Robbie and Carol Anne’s beds start to move toward the hot pink opening. Diane lurches the final inch and grabs Robbie’s little wrist with both hands.
118) 0) text: Diane picks up Carol Anne and she and Robbie run toward t kitchen.
123) 0) text: Diane, carrying Carol Anne, and Robbie come running from back yard. Two coffins pop up in their path. They dodge t cascading bodies and scramble towards the station wagon.
136) 2) dialog: No longer is Robbie afraid. He’s fighting mad and takes t dead remains, flinging them out the back window as the ca heads out of town.
139) 0) text: The Freelings, Dana, Robbie, Steve, and Diane are asleep, two beds still in the clothes we last saw them wearing. I very quiet except for the snoring. The nightmare has ende CAMERA PANS around the room to Carol Anne who is the only family member not sleeping. Carol Anne is fiddling with the RCA Vistacolor television trying to get it to work. POP. IT COMES ON. The room is bathed in cold blue TV light and we HEAR the few bars of The National Anthem. 107. CAMERA PUSHES PAST the sleeping Freelings to a view over Carol Anne’s shoulder. The Anthem ends and the station manager identifies the station, signifies the megahertz and signs off the mornin THE CAMERA PUSHES PAST CAROL ANNE’S HEAD UNTIL THE TV IS SCREEN.