6) 0) text: Then; an irregular glitch to this setting. A man, JEFF SH is running as furiously as his jelly-bowl paunch will all In his arms, a large brown shopping bag. Barely avoiding collision with the paper boy, he cuts across the lawn, jiggling the lettering. He crashes into the front door, finding it locked. He turns and runs around back, just as Steve opens the front door.
8) 0) text: Shaw almost loses his footing turning into this room. His breath exploding in wheezing puffs. He falls into a chair next to Steve Freeling and FIVE OTHER MALE NEIGHBORS who into the brown shopping bag, surfacing with Michelob Lite
10) 0) text: Steve opens the sliding glass door and yells over the fen Tuthill, a robust man in a tank top and sunglasses, yells his window, the remote control brandished in Steve’s direction.
11) 0) text: Steve’s channels change and the gathering SCREAMS again.
12) 0) text: Steve fires his remote at the Tuthills and a muffled “goddammit!” is heard.
16) 17) text: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 25 Steven flops Robbie onto his pillow just as a flash light the room and the tree outside the window. Carol Anne lies awake, watching.
17) 0) text: Carol Anne and Robbie are asleep next to Diane and Steve. TV has been left on and the National Anthem starts to pla
18) 0) text: Steve is on the phone, nervously smoking a cigarette as t bulldozer can be seen out the window, digging the new poo Diane is serving waffles around the breakfast table. E. B sits at Robbie’s feet, watching the waffles hopefully. On Carol Anne seems to have an appetite.
23) 1) text: 37 38 22. Sparse lightning over the mountains as the storm clouds b to roll in. The neighborhood is quiet. Warm window light spill is out across the well manicured lawns. You can alm smell two hundred dinners in all of the ovens of Cuesta Verde. EXT. STREET/FREELING’S HOUSE - DUSK 37 Steve Freeling’s Oldsmobile station wagon turns down the block heading home.
24) 6) dialog: Looking around he sees chalk marks all over the kitchen floor. Arrows and squares and numbers in two colors. Diane’s breathing quickens as she steadies herself. Skipp to the kitchen table she takes one of the colonial countr chairs from the breakfast table and scrapes it along the floor to the center of the room where four circles have b described in chalk. Diane places each leg in one of the proscribed circles and looks up at Steve.
24) 12) dialog: Looking for wires. He kneels and feels the chair legs, th immediately looks to Diane for the answer.
24) 16) dialog: Starts to run for her protectively. Diane restrains him.
25) 0) text: Diane is applying calamine lotion to Steve’s neck and wri
27) 0) text: Carol Anne is suddenly forgotten as Dana, Diane and Steve hurl themselves downstairs and through the kitchen, only find the door blocked by several large branches.
28) 1) text: The storm lashes the tree. The tree lashes Robbie. RAIN a WIND and CONDENSATION make it difficult to see everything Sixty branches form a briar prison that starts to tear an strangle. Steve races outside. A WALL of WIND makes his r SLOW MOTION. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM 48
31) 3) dialog: Carol Anne!!
31) 6) text: With the exception of the two beds blocking the closet, Robbie and Carol Anne’s room is stripped clean. Diane let out a muffled shriek and throws herself against the barricade, pulling back mattresses, boxsprings and blanke Steve joins her and together they work side by side, pant crying and calling for Carol Anne.
32) 0) text: Steve swings into the room. The television set is on but local transmitter must be out. There is only static snow.
35) 0) text: Dana, Steve and Diane race to the edge. The rain has soft the edges and Dana’s feet slide out from under her. She starts to fall when Diane grabs her wrist, Dana simply dangles above the deep end, filled with two feet of rainw and mud. Steve slides down the steep muddy shoot from thr to nine feet and plunges his hands into the quagmire. He finds nothing.
39) 21) dialog: His eyes are dark shadows and the unflattering light feat the patches of stubble and parched lips. He speaks in hoa whispers, viewing these surroundings with great suspicion
40) 0) text: Dr. Les is mounting the stairs, followed by her two associates, TAK and RYAN. Steve is in the lead while Robb keeps his distance in the rear.
41) 0) text: Diane’s VOICE is heard over two shaking hands trying not spill a pot of coffee as it fills a cup. DIANE’S VOICE None of us have been much fun to be around. I guess you can tell I haven’t slept very much. Steve’s stayed home from work so much. He’s been really wonderful. Really. PAN UP from the shaking hands to Dr. Martha Lesh. She mus now use both hands, steady the coffee she’s just poured. assistants are in no better condition.
66) 3) dialog: 92 58. Falls between two chairs trying to stand.
69) 0) text: Diane and Steve watch Robbie and E. Buzz go out the door. Steve starts to follow, reaching out to help with the bag Robbie waves him off.
73) 0) text: TEAGUE’S POV Teague can see past Steve and into the living room and staircase. All sorts of scientific equipment is strung around. The big console TV is tuned to a static channel, is the kitchen portable, also visible from Mr. Teague’s vantage. Teague looks over Steve’s shoulder and Steve tries to sub block his view.
74) 0) text: Steve immediately steps outside with Mr. Teague and close the door behind him. The porch light comes on and even in bright daylight it glows to amazing intensity.
77) 1) dialog: 
78) 1) text: This whole conversation has taken place just inches outsi quiet little cemetery with picket fences and both ancient recent headstones. Steve scratches and gestures to the three-acre memorial p
82) 1) text: We are following Steve and Diane. They seem to be gazing as they walk through their home. CAMERA WIDENS to reveal and Lesh ahead of the Freelings. They appear to be follow something, also looking down at their feet. CAMERA PANS D expecting to find E. Buzz at the head of this train. Instead... We meet TANGINA BARRONS, astrologist, clairvoyant, midget 73. She is dressed in a California Hawaiian print dress, wear her hair in a beehive, dons aviator sunglasses and casual sips coffee from a mug as she explores the Freeling home. Tangina stops and looks at her followers. She speaks with very polite Southern accent.
83) 0) text: The CAMERAS are all set up. The Zenith console is now the centerpiece of this room. The rest of the furniture has b piled against the walls although we’re not sure if this i Diane’s work or early poltergeist disturbances. Tangina s herself on the video monitor and smiles into the CAMERA. waves and watches herself waving on the monitor. She make funny face and gets a huge thrill at seeing it in black a white. Diane and Steve stand divorced from this. They hav become bit players as Tangina takes center stage.
85) 0) text: Dr. Lesh, Ryan, Steven and Diane. Tangina Barrons is in t lead, outdistancing everyone. INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE CHILDREN’S BEDROOM DOOR - NIGHT 112 Everybody crowds around. Tangina turns to Steve, her breathing coarse with phlegm and wheezing. 113 114 83.
92) 16) text: Steve realizes it’s true. Diane pulls the rope from Steve secures it around her waist. Steve ties two clove hitches faces his wife.
92) 26) text: Dr. Lesh runs downstairs and Diane takes one look back at Steve.
93) 14) text: Tangina’s trace doesn’t include Steve. She does not hear He thinks she is leading his family into the light and beyond. Steve panics and starts to pull the rope back.
95) 0) text: Steve carries Diane who still holds Carol Anne. Both are crying and not aware of their surroundings. 132 133 134 90. They are covered from head to toe in a jellied substance, pink and red, that oozes down Steve’s legs to the floor leaving a trail behind. Steve turns on the water and puts Diane and Carol Anne in the tub. Ryan follows him behind with his portable table video equipment. The water quickly turns into a bright pi as the jelly substance dissolves and foments like bubbleb
96) 1) dialog: CLOSE - DIANE’S EYES OPEN CLOSE - CAROL ANNE’S EYES OPEN
112) 2) dialog: Diane’s feet lose her footing in the mud and she falls in the shallow end of the unfinished swimming pool, sliding the way down the wet mud to the puddle in the deep end. THE POOL LIGHTS COME ON. Backlighting the rain and Diane’ flopping actions as she regains her balance is the quagmi Then, A GUSHING BUBBLE EXPLODES next to her in the mud. S stares at it as a second bubble bursts revealing within i the leathery face of a corpse, in its burial clothes, ris like a weed straight out of the gushing mud. Diane SCREAM and backs into ANOTHER FACE who’s mouth stretches open revealing tiny wire jaw clamps that make popping SOUNDS l a jew’s harp. With a terrible SLURP, the top of a metal coffin pushes out of the mud, its lid hinged open, tossin bones and dirt and burial jewelry all over Diane. INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 153
119) 0) text: Steve turns and is knocked off his feet by an exploding casket. Bones, mud, and decaying flesh spill over him.
121) 0) text: Steve claws his way up out of bones and flesh and runs to front of the garage. 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 103. EXT. FREELING’S HOUSE - FRONT YARD 165 Dana steps out of a car with two young men and stands wit her mouth agape.
122) 0) text: Steve looks back at the house then at Teague.
124) 0) text: Steve jumps behind the wheel as the rest of the family pi into the car. He throws the car in reverse just as a coff blasts through the garage door in front of them.
125) 0) text: The station wagon roars back, crashing into Teague’s Bron shoving it into the street. Steve guns the car forward pa Teague who stares after them.
127) 0) text: The car continues past a fire hydrant. Another casket bur out of the ground, sending mud and water 30 feet into the air. Steve slams on the brakes, stopping inches from the coffin and mud that block their path. Steve jumps out to clear the path. An incredible noise blasts forth from dow the street. He turns...
129) 1) dialog: He is stunned by what he sees.
133) 0) text: Water rains down on Steve from the broken hydrant. He jum back in the car, backs up, and drives through the coffin mud that were blocking their exit
134) 1) text: Everything is hysteria in here. We can’t make out what is being said. The rain lashes at the windshield and Steve t to see out.
139) 0) text: The Freelings, Dana, Robbie, Steve, and Diane are asleep, two beds still in the clothes we last saw them wearing. I very quiet except for the snoring. The nightmare has ende CAMERA PANS around the room to Carol Anne who is the only family member not sleeping. Carol Anne is fiddling with the RCA Vistacolor television trying to get it to work. POP. IT COMES ON. The room is bathed in cold blue TV light and we HEAR the few bars of The National Anthem. 107. CAMERA PUSHES PAST the sleeping Freelings to a view over Carol Anne’s shoulder. The Anthem ends and the station manager identifies the station, signifies the megahertz and signs off the mornin THE CAMERA PUSHES PAST CAROL ANNE’S HEAD UNTIL THE TV IS SCREEN.