78) 0) text: The SOUND of the SHOWER RUNS in the background. Baby A.J. irresistibly cute, plays on a blanket, cooing. Avery sits the floor, Yegs set wide apart. He doesn't look at his so doesn't want to. His mind is somewhere else completely. T doorbell rings. Avery gets up to answer it. It is Scott. scoTtT Hey partner. We thought you might like’ a little distraction. Avery looks past Scott, sees PAUL DELUCA and his partner CROTTY idling in a cruiser out front.
79) 0) text: Avery and Scott ride in the back. DeLuca and Crotty up fr 95 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 43.
80) 0) text: Avery and Scott stand at the base of the steps and watch Deluca and Crotty ring the bell to Romina's house. Malena opens the door. DeLuca flashes his badge.
80) 1) dialog: Is Romina Gutierrez at home? Malena turns her head into the house.
80) 3) dialog: Good afternoon, ma'am. We're here to search the house.
80) 5) dialog: Evidence.
80) 7) dialog: We're looking for the money Luke Glanton may or may not have given to you.
80) 9) dialog: How about you assume I have a warrant, and I assume she has a green card. Deluca nods toward Malena. Romina is out-manoeuvered. She lets them in. DeLuca nods to Scott and Avery to head upstairs. Avery reluctantly enters. Romina recognizes him from TV. 96 97
82) 0) text: DeLuca and Crotty sit across from Kofi and Romina. Malena brings out coffee and Hostess donuts.
82) 1) dialog: Thank you, ma'am. (to Romina) Mostly this is just a formality. I believe you when you tell me you don't have the money, I really do.
82) 3) dialog: Relax, pal. You're not under arrest yet. Nothing you say matters.
82) 5) dialog: This guy was a real piker. 10G from this bank, 7 from that one. To them it's peanuts. It's all covered by the FDIC anyways.
82) 8) dialog: It's okay, really. It's my boss see, the chief. He's very concerned about appearances. (MORE )
82) 10) dialog: otta harass good people so he 80 s like he's doing his job. It's all politics.
84) 0) text: Avery and Scott come down the stairs. Scott approaches DeLuca, whispers in his ear. DeLuca smiles.
85) 0) text: Avery, Scott and Crotty wait in the car, WATCHING. Romina Kofi see them off from the porch. DeLuca is the last to leave. He lingers for a second on the lawn.
85) 1) dialog: I gave you my card, right? If you remember anything regarding that money, you call me first, OK?
86) 0) text: DeLuca climbs into the car and drives off. Avery watches Romina and Kofi head back inside.
86) 1) dialog: So, what's our haul? PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 46. Scott produces the money and all the cops except Avery ho Scott starts to flip through the bills.
86) 2) dialog: Where'd you find it? scoTtT Under the fucking crib.
86) 3) dialog: Ha! Perfect. scoTrT When do you think they'll notice it's missing?
86) 4) dialog: They're noticing it right now. Crotty grabs the bills from Scott.
86) 6) dialog: It's not gonna be an even split. The lion's share is going to you. DeLuca looks at Avery in his rearview mirror.
86) 7) dialog: A little unofficial hazard pay. Crotty counts out the money. He gives a little of it to S and a lot of it to Avery. sScoTtT Thank you! Avery is slow to say something as he is handed the money.
90) 0) text: DeLuca raises a glass and the other cops follow.
90) 1) dialog: To hero boy. Lucky fuck. I been on the force 22 years, only Pees t my weapon once. You been on less than 6 months you already got one in the bag. And he's white! (har har) Lucky fuck! How's that feel?
98) 0) text: Girls on stage grind to music and will do anything for a dollar. Avery and DeLuca share a booth with Scott.
98) 1) dialog: We'll give you a list of what we need and you pull it out for us. We'll use it and then get it or something exactly like it back to as soon as we can.
98) 5) dialog: What the hell? Scott told me you wanted to help us do some rea police work. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 56. scoTtrT Take it easy, Paul. Avery is helping. We're just working it out. Paul smiles. He points to Scott with his thumb.
98) 6) dialog: My better half.
98) 8) dialog: You pest fudge the paper work. We'll give you cover from the DA. PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D) Also, you_ should file the occasional report about how disorganized the evidence room is. It's a good hedge if something surprises us.
98) 10) dialog: What are you saying? You want us to bribe you or something? To do your fucking job?
98) 12) dialog: The fuck? You need fucking assurances? I don't even know what that means. Assurance? You get that in law school? Listen, pal, if this blows up we're all fucked. But you, see, you make sure it doesn't blow up. You can walk around all day looking down your self-righteous fucking nose at everybody, but you say you wanna be a cop. Do you?
98) 14) dialog: You wanna see what we're dealing with? C'mere. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 57. Deluca stands, walks into the bathroom where the Coke-hea disappeared minutes earlier. He beckons Avery and Scott t follow. Anticipating the adventure ahead, Scott stands, sighs. Avery follows his lead. INT. ELAN’S BATHROOM. CONTINUOUS. 115 DeLuca sees feet standing inside one of the stalls. Pants aren’t down. DeLuca kicks open the door. SEES the guy snorting a line.
98) 16) dialog: Gimme your dope.
98) 18) dialog: You’re full of shit. (to Avery) See this? No fucking nose hair. It's the absolute tell-tale sign of a fucking coke-head. (to the Coke-head) Who’s your source asshole?
99) 0) text: DeLuca leads the cuffed Coke-head into the pines with a flashlight. Scott and Avery follow. Deluca stops.
99) 1) dialog: Okay shitbag, walk ahead of us and stand by that tree. The Coke-head is petrified. Deluca takes Avery aside.
99) 4) dialog: Okay hero go find out who his source is. , AVERY ; This is crazy. What are we doing here?
99) 5) dialog: This is the fucking job. Avery looks at Scott. Unspoken, Scott urges him on. Avery walks to the Coke-head, tries to be a human being.
99) 9) dialog: What’s taking so long? Do the right thing, hero.
99) 13) dialog: Whoa, whoa... No need to hurt the guy for Christ sake. Avery's breathing hard. He steps back. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 59.
99) 14) dialog: Apologies for my colleague here. He’s still learning how to be a cop. Deluca produces a bag of crack cocaine. He holds it up wi the flash light on it.
99) 15) dialog: See this... It’s the real deal. Give it a taste. It’s all yours. We gest need one name from you. And here's more where this came from. The junkie is interested. He takes the bag. Avery learns.
105) 0) text: Avery walks out of the station, with paranoid urgency. "C chirp" Unlocks his car. He looks to the left, SEES - Weirzbowski talking to Deluca. They turn and watch him. S He get's into his car - kind of a lengthy process with hi bum knee - has to stick his bad leg in first without bend it. He's nervous and impatient. Finally gets in.
106) 2) dialog: License and registration. avery | s thrown off. He reaches into his pocket. DeLuca laughing (deep laugh of a smoker). 126 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 63. PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D) What _the fuck is wrong with you? If I tol' ya to bend over so I can fuck ya up the ass would you do it? Avery feels like snapping. PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D) It's a fucking joke. Have a sense of humor. You okay? Avery nods. PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D) You sure? 'Cause you don't look so good.
106) 4) dialog: Scott told me he talked to you about that thing. You know, that thing? We need to talk it over. Get a little game plan together - if you know what I'm sayin'.
106) 6) dialog: Now? No last week. Whatdaya mean, "now?" Yeah now. Follow me. He returns to his cruiser, pulls up next to Avery, rolls his passenger side window. PAUL DELUCA (CONT’D) We're gonna go out a little ways. Get away from the ears in this city. Follow me. Avery rolls up his window and nervously goes along with i
107) 0) text: The headlights of Avery's car illuminate endless rows of lonely pine trees. Deluca's tail lights hover ahead, lead Avery deeper and deeper into the darkness. Avery's heart in his throat. He takes his gun out of his holster, sets next to him. "where the fuck are you going?" Deluca turns down a dirt road, and Avery has no choice bu follow. “oh my fucking ged." Avery stops. Sees, Deluca's brakes light. DeLuca's door opens. Abject terror. Avery does a super fast and messy 3-point turn to get out there. He is nearly hyperventilating. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 64. He peels out sending a cloud of gravel and dirt into the atmosphere. He straightens out on the main road and drive like hell out of the forest.
108) 0) text: Avery balances 2 cups of coffee and opens the passenger's side door. Scott sits in the driver's seat. sScoTtT You really gave Deluca quite the scare...
110) 0) text: Federal agents arrest Paul DeLuca at his home and lead hi down his sidewalk in cuffs.