14) 8) dialog: Ready? Romina turns. Sees KOFI CANKAM - 28, black, wearing a sui come down the stairs carrying Jason in his arms.
14) 10) dialog: I know who you are.
14) 18) text: Kofi hesitates. Concedes that he really has no choice in matter. He hands Jason to Luke.
14) 19) dialog: Watch his neck. Luke and the baby stare at one another.
14) 21) dialog: So, when do you leave town? Luke doesn’t answer. Instead, he asks his own question.
14) 23) dialog: Couple months.
14) 27) dialog: I’m not moving at all actually.
14) 29) dialog: Bout a hundred and twenty five thousand. Why? You in the market? Romina reaches in and takes Jason from Luke.
14) 34) text: 18 19 20 21 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 9. INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH. JASON’S BAPTISM. DAY. 18 Kofi holds Jason at the altar. Romina and Malena stand ne to him. A PRIEST pours holy water over Jason's head. Luke stands in the pews, watching, seething. EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT —- DAY 19 Luke pulls his bike into the parking lot, gets off, walks into the restaurant.
23) 0) text: Luke sits on the side of his bike. Across the street is Romina’s house. The kitchen is brightly lit and Luke can the sound lifting Jason over his head and talking to him. of talking and laughter. From his bike he sees Kofi
48) 0) text: Jason swings back and forth in the new free standing swin that Luke has bought for him. Luke assembles a crib on th floor Romina and Kofi’s bedroom. He talks to Jason_as he works, about the importance of be brave in a mean ole world. He HEARS the front door open downstairs, then Romina’s vo
48) 16) dialog: What’s going on? Luke continues to work. KOFI (CONT’D) (to Romina) This okay with you? Romina is frozen, staring at the stuff on the floor.
48) 17) dialog: Cause I’m not really sure if all this THREE’S COMPANY shit is working for me. He HHH HOEK +
48) 20) text: 59 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 26. Kofi looks at the stuff littering his bedroom.
48) 21) dialog: If you come in to my house. You gotta come with a little more respect, ya heard? Kofi steps over boxes as he makes his way into the room. Luke is not responding but his eyes are peripherally awar Kofi as he moves to sit on the bed.
48) 22) dialog: I’m not going to say you can’t give this to your son. You’re his father, you have the right to provide for him as you see fit. But in my house, I have the right to raise him as I see fit. And you can’t just bust in here, in this house, and do it like this. Not this way. Not to me. Not to my family. Luke doesn’t stop working. KOFI (CONT’D) I want you_take all this stuff out of here. All this... Kofi, anger building, stands.
48) 23) dialog: Take it away. Kofi reaches down to grab the frame of the crib that Luke working on and, in an instant, Luke grabs a wrench, sprin forward and cracks Kofi’s forehead open with it. Kofi is knocked out. He crashes to the floor, hitting the back of his head. Concussion. Romina screams and so do! Jason. In a rage, Luke takes Kofi’s body by the shirt and pulls down the stairs. Romina does anything to try and make him stop.
51) 0) text: Luke sits in a courtroom in his prison orange with his ST APPOINTED COUNCIL. He fidgets as he waits. THE JUDGE sets the court date, posts the bail at five thousand dollars. Luke can pay it. The Judge then suggests and sets a court date that will p in affect a restraining order for Kofi against Luke.
73) 0) text: The ER staff rolls Avery into the operating theater. Anot team in there already frantically works on Luke. Avery hears Luke's heart monitor beep erratically. He wat the doctors act more frantically. Finally, the heart moni emits a flat, even tone. The sound of screaming. Avery looks and sees Romina waili and fighting with ER staff. Kofi helps to restrain her. An INTERN straddles Luke and starts to give him CPR. A nu closes a curtain around Luke.
80) 6) dialog: Evidence for what?
82) 0) text: DeLuca and Crotty sit across from Kofi and Romina. Malena brings out coffee and Hostess donuts.
82) 2) dialog: (To Romina) Don't say anything 'til we got a lawyer.
82) 7) dialog: Romina.
85) 0) text: Avery, Scott and Crotty wait in the car, WATCHING. Romina Kofi see them off from the porch. DeLuca is the last to leave. He lingers for a second on the lawn.
85) 2) dialog: Of course. Have a good evening officer.
86) 0) text: DeLuca climbs into the car and drives off. Avery watches Romina and Kofi head back inside.
130) 0) text: Jason sits alone in the gallery of a court house with a PUBLIC DEFENDER. Kofi and Romina, both 16 years older, enter the room, sha hands with the public defender. Jason can’t really make e contact with them because he knows how ANGRY they are.
131) 0) text: Jason enters the house and runs up to his room. Kofi and Romina enter behind him. HEAR him shut his door.
134) 0) text: Kofi pulls his SUV up into the student lot. Vanessa gets of the passenger’s seat, Jason gets out of the back seat. Kofi gets out of the driver's seat, pops the back hatch, retrieves a diorama. He brings it to Vanessa, kisses her the top of her head. Then, pulls Jason by neck, and kisse him on the top of his head. Embarrassed, Jason swings a playful punch at Kofi. A.J., surrounded by other kids, watches the scene from th fancy tail of his SUV. Jason sees that A.J. has been watching him. He waves at A A.J. turns away from him. Jason, a little perplexed, walk into school with his sister.
137) 0) text: Jason and his family eat dinner. Kofi and Vanessa talk ab her day at school. Jason won't make eye contact with anyo in his family. He’s deep in his own thoughts.
137) 12) dialog: Feel like going for a ride? *
137) 14) dialog: I do. Let’s go. Come on. *
138) 0) text: Kofi and Jason lean against his SUV. Kofi drinks a shake. Jason licks an ice cream cone.
138) 2) dialog: With ice cream? Come on. I'm trying to keep that car nice.
138) 4) dialog: Wait til you have your own. Which at the rate you're going will be never. Kofi and Jason enjoy their ice cream in silence.
138) 6) dialog: (like DARTH VADER) I'm your father. Search your feelings, you know it to be true. Jason laughs. 169 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 86.
138) 7) dialog: It's your mom's business to talk about or not talk about, you know?
138) 9) dialog: Oh yeah? What'd she say?
138) 11) dialog: (unimpressed) That sound cool to you?
138) 13) dialog: He's not your father. Not really. He's some guy who had a baby. I'm your father. I been there since you were born. I love you. I'll always love you.
146) 0) text: Jason walks through the front door, still a bit tipsy. Ro and Kofi are watching TV. Romina gets up to intercept Jas she SEES Jason close the door, somewhat drunkenly, behind im. Jason turns and looks at her, takes a big bite of his can bar, keeps his eyes on her, as he walks past her and up t is room. Romina doesn’t say anything. She can tell something in Ja has changed. Silent moment of reckoning between them. INT. JASON'S HOUSE VANESSA’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS 179 UPSTAIRS. Jason knocks on Vanessa’s door. He opens it. Sh in there, with her headphones on, listening to music and doing homework.
154) 0) text: Jason, Kofi and Romina sit at a conference table with CLA MULFORD, 40's, attorney.
154) 5) dialog: Shut up! No one wants to listen to you right now. You need to shut up and listen to the expert here!
154) 15) dialog: Jesus. The family sits in silent contemplation. EXT. COURT HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON SUN. Romina and Jason stand on the sidewalk in front of house. Romina, still shaken up, stares at what has her son. She reaches up to touch his bruised face. doesn’t react.