0) 0) text: LUKE GLANTON; 28, handsome; has sex with a GROUPIE in his trailer. Very animal. They finish. * He zips up a motorcycle jacket over two faded prison tato strides from his trailer through the corridors of the are passing other performers on his way to the main ring. He ears echoing strains of DEATH METAL on the PA mix & a * cheering audience. *
1) 0) text: Luke climbs onto his bike, revs the engine. Roadies slap back, give him high 5's. He is joined by 2 motorcyclists. ANNOUCER OVER P.A. And now, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girts, get ready to be rocked by the motor-cycle mayhem of... * A spherical, metal cage sits under the Big-Top. Next to i stands an ornate portico with a red velvet curtain as a d ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D) Luke Glanton and his Rough Riders! The two motor-cycles ride ahead of Luke through the curta and into the cage. Luke bursts through, stops, revs his engine and pumps his fist at the roaring crowd. ROMINA GUTIERREZ, 26, Hispanic; sits in the bleacher seat watching the spectacle. Enraptured. Luke drives into the cage where the other riders make lon Lazy loops. Luke guns it, guides his bike over the inside walls of the cage. He defies gravity while weaving his wa around the other two stunt riders. He makes it look easy. it isn't. It is a death-defying act of bravado. The other two drivers leave the cage and Luke performs hi finale; a slow inside loop where his bike leaps from one facet of the cage to another. The crowd goes wild. ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D) Let's hear it for Luke Glanton and his Rough Riders, folks!
1) 2) dialog: Hey!
1) 4) dialog: You wanna go somewhere? You got plans tonight?
1) 6) dialog: Can I give you a ride home? She remembers the thrill riding on the back of Luke's bik
2) 0) text: Luke tears away from the Arena. Everything around looks r down, abandoned. We are in Schenectai a smaller, upstate- New York version of Detroit. It is 1994. Romina rides on the back of his bike, her arms holding ti around his abdomen. The wind blows hair into her indecisi face. She really should be on the bus right now. But the is cold and Luke's body is warm. She buries her face into back of his leather jacket.
3) 0) text: Luke pulls up in front of an old, two-family house. Romin gets off, looks over her shoulder; the living room light ON. She says, "thanks" and gives Luke a peck on the cheek
3) 1) dialog: That's it? You don't wanna talk, or anything...
3) 3) dialog: So then lets hang. We pack up after tomorrow night ' s show and I probably won't be back this way for another year. At least. Wanna get a beer or something?
3) 5) dialog: Say 'hi' to your mom. Luke starts his bike, tears out of the neighborhood, tire squealing smoke, blackening the street.
4) 0) text: Engine gunning, Luke circles the inside of the steel cage a rage. He is on the verge of crashing. The audience rapt
5) 0) text: Raging, Luke drives fast through the night streets.
6) 0) text: MALENA, 47, Guatemalan, opens the door in nurse's scrubs. Instantly, "she recognizes Luke.
6) 1) dialog: Hello mama.
6) 3) dialog: (sighs, resigned) Is the man of the house home? Luke hears a BABY crying from inside. Malena tries to hid by closing the door so only her head is visible. 10 11 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 4.
7) 0) text: He gets past her. Looks around the house. Follows the sou of the crying baby upstairs. He pushes open the door to Romina’s bedroom. A BABY wails in the center of a twin bed surrounded by pillows. Malena comes in, scoops him up, starts to bounce "shush" him. Luke stands near the door, rocked.
7) 2) dialog: Romina still work at the diner? Malena tries to give nothing away.
8) 0) text: Luke walks into the diner. He’s pissed, looks around but doesn’t see Romina. Luke doesn’t sit. He waits. Romina exits kitchen with a t of food. Sees Luke immediately.
8) 2) dialog: Oh, I don’t know... You think we have anything else to discuss before I take off again tomorrow forever? Romina is frozen for a second. She knows that Luke knows secret. She walks to a table with her tray of food. Luke stands still. Waits for her to come back. When she returns, she is flustered.
8) 3) dialog: You weren't gonna tell me?
8) 8) dialog: Still... It's common courtesy. Might even be the law. ROMINA . I haven't heard from you in a year.
8) 9) dialog: I know it. It's not 'cause I haven't thought about you...
8) 11) dialog: What's his name?
8) 14) dialog: (quickly) Good for you.
8) 16) dialog: Great. Sounds like you got everything you need. Luke turns and_ walks away from Romina. She is crushed as watches him walk away. e gets back to work.
9) 0) text: The fair is packed up and ready to leave. Luke wheels his bike up to a trailer office.
10) 0) text: JACK, weathered, 55, sips coffee & shoots Luke with venom from’ his dilated pupils.
10) 4) dialog: When's this pay period end? Friday?
10) 6) dialog: I need whatever's coming to me now. You can cut off the next two days.
10) 8) dialog: It's not an advance. I quit.
10) 10) dialog: I'm taking the bike too.
10) 12) dialog: It's my bike. Jack sighs. He leans forward and pulls a wad of bills fro his back pocket. He peels off some bills.
11) 0) text: Luke sits on his bike watching the Fair drive away.
12) 0) text: Luke's bike is parked in front of an old, run-down motel.
13) 0) text: Luke sits on his bed, eats McDonald's. The TV is on playi news report from 1994. He counts his pay-out, folds it, s it in his boot.
14) 0) text: Luke rings the doorbell, bag of BISQUICK under his arm. D opens. Romina stands there, wearing her Sunday’s best. Sh speechless and stares at Luke through the screen door.
14) 3) dialog: Wow. Look at you. You look like a princess.
14) 5) dialog: I’m here. He holds out the bag of BISQUICK. LUKE (CONT’D) You like pancakes? I like to make people ancakes . I got a special way with 'em. You wanna know my secret ingredient? Huh? LOVE. They're not the kind of pancakes you get at that greasy place you work. You know? Romina nervously looks back into the house.
14) 6) dialog: And anyway... I'd like to make you and Jason some of my special pancakes. Would you allow me to do that?
14) 11) dialog: Well you got me at a disadvantage. Luke sees his son, Jason, dressed in a white baptismal go He is less frightened of his own son now. In fact, he wan to hold him. He gestures to Kofi.
14) 12) dialog: Do you mind? Kofi doesn’t want Luke to take Jason away from him.
14) 18) text: Kofi hesitates. Concedes that he really has no choice in matter. He hands Jason to Luke.
14) 20) dialog: Whoa. He looks like a little prince. Romina watches Luke and Jason, smiles. Tears well in her eyes. Kofi sees it all happen.
14) 22) dialog: How long you lived here? Kofi has had enough but is playing along.
14) 24) dialog: Little cheaper than having your own place, I suppose...
14) 26) dialog: Wow. You move fast huh?
14) 28) dialog: How much they want for a place like this anyway?
14) 31) dialog: I'd like to come.
14) 34) text: 18 19 20 21 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 9. INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH. JASON’S BAPTISM. DAY. 18 Kofi holds Jason at the altar. Romina and Malena stand ne to him. A PRIEST pours holy water over Jason's head. Luke stands in the pews, watching, seething. EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT —- DAY 19 Luke pulls his bike into the parking lot, gets off, walks into the restaurant.
15) 0) text: MR. FEINSTEIN, the manager of the restaurant peruses Luke neatly handwritten resume. He looks up, smiles.
15) 2) dialog: I don't really want to in articular. I need to. You were the irst to get back to me.
15) 4) dialog: Just being honest, sir.
15) 6) dialog: I need this. For my boy.
16) 0) text: Luke sits in front of a television hooked up to a VCR. Mr Feinstein puts a tape in the machine, presses 'play.'
17) 0) text: Outside of town, thousands of tall, thin pines stand chee jowl. Luke speeds between them with reckless abandon and He catches sight of an ATV through the pines, plotting a parallel course, as if in unspoken friendly competition.
18) 0) text: Luke comes to a parking area adjacent to the main road. S ROBIN VAN DER_ZEE, 48, white, working hard to get his ATV onto the trailer behind his pickup. Luke trots up to help They roll the ATV onto the trailer, secure it with nylon straps. Robin makes note of Luke's bike.
18) 2) dialog: I built it myself. Mostly.
18) 6) dialog: I suppose...
19) 1) dialog: Thank you kindly.
19) 3) dialog: Temporarily.
19) 5) dialog: Naw. I'm transitionin' in.
19) 7) dialog: I do.
20) 0) text: They pull up to into a run-down service station. Busted c crowd the bays. A JUNKYARD DOG named TONY barks at Luke.
21) 2) dialog: I’m not sucking your cock. Robin laughs, awkward. 28 29 Luke has. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 12.
21) 7) dialog: Yes, sir.
22) 0) text: Luke tears down a winding road. The low sun creates a lon shadow of him on his bike on the road in front of him. *
23) 0) text: Luke sits on the side of his bike. Across the street is Romina’s house. The kitchen is brightly lit and Luke can the sound lifting Jason over his head and talking to him. of talking and laughter. From his bike he sees Kofi
24) 0) text: 30 Luke, covered in grease, works diligently under a 1988 Fo Taurus. He notices Robin's feet approach. Slides out from under. Robin peels a few bills and hands them down to Luk
25) 0) text: LATER. Luke and Robin sit an old tree stump drinking beer ROBIN ; All my peopie were Dutch. This town, the whole area started Dutch.
25) 1) dialog: I need to earn more money. Any chance you give me a raise?
25) 3) dialog: My kid is half spic. Or half something south of the border. Robin toasts Luke with his beer. They drink.
25) 5) dialog: You ain't so old.
25) 7) dialog: I don't like waiting around for other people to give me permission to live.
25) 11) dialog: I ain't no chisler. What's that, anyway?
25) 15) dialog: You don't know a thing about me.
25) 17) dialog: I've stolen.
25) 19) dialog: I didn't need to be liquored up.
25) 21) dialog: I got two things to say. First of all, thank your for considering me. Second of all, fuck you. I gota id!
26) 0) text: The middle of a long shift. Romina steps from the kitchen carrying several plates. She drops off the breakfast spec at their destination and sees Luke - slumped in a boot Romina stares at the back of his head for a while. MOMENTS LATER. They look at one another over cups of coff
26) 1) dialog: Marry me. Romina tries to repress her laughter.
26) 2) dialog: Why are you laughing?
26) 4) dialog: I know I love my boy. He's definitely my boy, right?
26) 6) dialog: --.-Don't matter.
26) 8) dialog: How can you sit there, and tell me what I do and don't feel? What're you, Carnac? I'm saying "I love you. "I'll learn to. Even when you urt my feelings. And I'm saying, "I love him." That's it. There's nothin' left to say. That's truth.
26) 15) dialog: I can take care of you.
26) 17) dialog: Yes.
26) 19) dialog: That’s not true. I have a job now. I’m making money, That’s not a problem. I'm saving up. I was thinkin’ we could buy a RV or something. And get out of this god- forsaken town. din style, ya know? I could show you the countr We could raise Jason in home of the brave. Ya know? Let our boy smell freedom.
26) 21) dialog: Why? Why do you say that? You’re the one who’s crazy to question it.
26) 23) dialog: She can come. Bring her. We’1ll make room. Not a problem. Beat.
26) 25) dialog: He can stay home. Romina gets up from the booth.
26) 26) dialog: So what do you think?
26) 31) text: 33 34 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 17. She walks away. Luke scans the check, digs in his pocket.
27) 0) text: Robin and Luke sit at the kitchen table. A map is spread before them. On it - several locations marked with red do
27) 4) dialog: Seems like I'm taking most of the risk. I should get most of the reward.
27) 6) dialog: Really? You're gonna get someone else to rob a goddamned bank with you? Okay Robin.
27) 8) dialog: Seventy-thirty.
28) 0) text: Robin and Luke inspect a beat-to-hell cube truck. It's wh and nondescript. The windshield has a crack across it. *
28) 3) dialog: You bought this? For this? *
29) 4) dialog: Everyone get down on the floor.
30) 0) text: Robin and Luke step up to the young, female TELLER and * smiles. 37
31) 2) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen! I ask that each and every one of you lay yourselves down_on the Goddman loor, if you please! Luke vaults the 'counter' grabs the money, vaults back an runs to Robin who clicks his stop watch.
31) 4) dialog: This thing gotta be loaded?
31) 6) dialog: Just sayin'. I'm not gonna hurt no one.
31) 9) dialog: Yeah, I do. 38 39 40 4l 42 43 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 20.
32) 0) text: Luke sits on his bed and inspects the pistol. He swings o the cylinder, methodically removes the bullets. He lines up meticulously on his night stand.
33) 0) text: Luke uses a spray gun to paint his bike black.
34) 0) text: Luke and Robin eating breakfast together.
35) 0) text: Luke parks, climbs off, leaves his bike running right out the front door of a bank. He checks the time and performs OCD ritual before bursting through the door.
36) 0) text: INSIDE - Luke, still wearing his helmet, puis the pistol from his front jacket pocket and points it theatrically i the air. He strolls through the bank with measured stride
36) 1) dialog: Ladies and gentleman, listen up. This is gonna be the fastest bank robbery you've ever witnessed. Clipped screams of shock echo through the bank. 44 45 46 47 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 21.
36) 2) dialog: Now if you'll all please oblige me and get on down onto the floor there, I'd really appreciate it. The bank falls silent with fear. Luke runs up to the coun and vaults it, slips off the backpack. 3 female tellers huddle behind’the counter. Luke squats down on his haunch and finds the one who served Robin before. He pulls the k off her wrist and opens the top drawer at her station.
36) 3) dialog: Open up the top two drawers all the way along. Luke tosses his backpack to another teller.
36) 4) dialog: Hold the bag so she can fill it. They fill the bag with_mone hand it to Luke, back away, hands raised. Luke vaults the counter to the Other side.
36) 5) dialog: Thank you all kindly for your attentive cooperation. Luke walks out the door calmly and quickly. EXT. BANK PARKING LOT -— CONTINUOUS 44 Sound of sirens approach. Luke gets on the bike, takes of
37) 0) text: Luke tears down the road, passes cars in front of him, Th cops can't catch up. Luke takes a dangerous and wild right turn onto a small country road. After a few more turns, Luke drives up to Robin's old cube truck which is parked on the side of the road. Its back is open and its loading ramp down.
38) 0) text: Luke drives into it, hops off, shuts the door. The truck lurches forwards, pulls a U-ey.
40) 0) text: Luke turns on a fluorescent campi ng lamp and secures his bike. He gets thrown around a little bit by Robin's drivi His adrenaline rushes. His breathing heavy. He puts his h on his knees and pukes all over the truck's floor. Sits d
41) 2) dialog: I puked on my boots.
42) 0) text: Luke and Robin lay out the money in neat piles.
44) 0) text: Luke and Romina lay naked on a bed, postcoital, sheets on floor. They smoke. The mood is bright.
44) 1) dialog: Let me take you guys out for ice cream. He's never_had it, right? You get to have all his firsts. First steps, first words. I want some firsts. Do you remember the first time you ate chocolate ice cream? Remember what it was like? (MORE)
44) 5) dialog: I wanna be there when he first tastes it.
44) 7) dialog: They have soft ice cream. Laughs.
44) 8) dialog: I want him to see my face when he tastes chocolate ice cream for the first time. Can you give me that? EXT. BUMPY’S ICE-CREAM STORE. 7 IN THE MORNING. 53 Luke holds a sugar cone of chocolate ice cream up to Jaso mouth, presses it gently on his lips. Instinctively, the licks the ice cream, gets a taste. His eyes light up & he starts "cooing." Excited, he wants more. Luke is so happy, probably the happiest he has ever been his whole life. His eyes well up with big, heavy tears. Romina is conflicted, but infected by the joy of the mome Luke goes up to the LADY WORKING IN THE ICE CREAM SHOP an asks her if she will take a picture of the 3 of them. She agrees. The family poses on his motorcycle. And the Lady working the ice cream shop takes their family picture.
44) 10) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen... This is a robbery. I know you might be peeing our pants now. Trembling wit ear. Don't be scared. I'ma blessing in your boring, average lives. Just think about the story you are gonna be able to tell. He hands a bag to the teller. LUKE (CONT’D) Please fill it up.
45) 0) text: Luke rides up into the back of the truck, slams the door closed. He HHH OF HHH FH
46) 0) text: Luke fills his cart with every colorful toy, game & book catches his eye. He rolls by a frazzled YOUNG MOTHER & CH
46) 1) dialog: You got a lively | one there. Mine too. He's very lively. I suppose they all are. Unless something's wrong with ‘em.
47) 0) text: Luke stands on Romina's porch, waits. He frequently looks over his shoulder. The door opens and Malena stands there
47) 1) dialog: She's not home, right?
47) 3) dialog: What about the man of the house? Malena shakes her head. Luke turns around, whistles throu his fingers. A delivery van pulls up in front of the hous
48) 0) text: Jason swings back and forth in the new free standing swin that Luke has bought for him. Luke assembles a crib on th floor Romina and Kofi’s bedroom. He talks to Jason_as he works, about the importance of be brave in a mean ole world. He HEARS the front door open downstairs, then Romina’s vo
48) 9) dialog: (to Jason) Uh oh. Luke LOOKS out the window, SEES Kofi hefting many bags of groceries up toward the house.
48) 11) dialog: (to Jason) When your mom comes in here, do you think she’s gonna be bummed? Or do you think she’s gonna be psyched? Jason just swings. Romina enters the room.
48) 13) dialog: (to Jason) She’s bummed.
48) 15) dialog: Just calm down. Don’t be so dramatic. OK. (to Jason You needed this right? You can’t be sleeping at night in a bed with two huge people, worrying about being crushed the whole time if they roll over or something. You need some space to dream, right? Romina turns and looks down the stairs, SEES Kofi coming She resigns herself to be a spectator.
48) 24) dialog: You_want me to take this shit out? I’ll take it out.
48) 32) text: 60 61 62 63 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 27. Luke just stands there, invisible. Malena dials 911.
49) 0) text: The Police book, fingerprint and photograph Luke.
50) 0) text: Luke sits, wearing prison orange, touching each bar in succession firmly with his fore-finger.
51) 0) text: Luke sits in a courtroom in his prison orange with his ST APPOINTED COUNCIL. He fidgets as he waits. THE JUDGE sets the court date, posts the bail at five thousand dollars. Luke can pay it. The Judge then suggests and sets a court date that will p in affect a restraining order for Kofi against Luke.
52) 0) text: Luke smokes a cigarette in the Kitchen. Robin watches him Knows something has changed. Long moment of awkward silen
52) 1) dialog: I was thinkin' maybe we could do 2 in 1 day. The big Trustco on Brandywine and the other First National Rotterdam. Robin eyes him warily.
52) 7) text: 64 65 66 67 68 69 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 28. Luke sucks on his cigarette absorbed in deep negativity.
53) 0) text: Luke runs from a bank with a bag of cash. Another job 1/2 completed. He hops on his bike, peels out onto the main r
54) 0) text: The police are on him quicker this time. He can't shake t He nears the rendezvous point with Robin, sees the truck waiting patiently up ahead, but a glance back confirms he hasn't lost the heat yet. He makes a slicing gesture acro his throat to signal Robin the rendezvous is off. Robin watches Luke take a right turn, leading the cops away fro the truck. Robin hops out, closes the rear door, drives o
55) 0) text: Luke drives through the tall pines. He goes deep into the woods as fast as he can.
55) 3) dialog: (manic, adrenalized) It's okay y I lost em. I'm like the fucking Road Runner. BEEP BEEP! Luke dumps the bag of money on the table, squats down and pets Tony the dog. Tony licks his face. Robin tugs on a smoke, his hands shaking from a combo of nerves and nicot He surveys the money, wont touch it.
56) 0) text: Luke waits for Romina outside the diner. Romina comes out sees him.
56) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. She makes a b-line for her car. Luke intercepts her, hand her a sugar bag which is filled with cash.
56) 4) dialog: It ain't sugar in there. Keeps moving.
56) 5) dialog: Look. I_know that you think lowly of me. I do. I know you hold it against me that I wasn't there for you when you were going through everything. I know that. She gets to her car. Fumbles with the keys.
56) 6) dialog: You can’t run from me now. I'm here. I'ma Pikena” And I want you to treat me like a person. Like I'm here. Like I'm not nothing. Like I'm not a piece of shit. Hey! She finds her keys, opens her car door. Gets in. Luke mov his body into place so she can’t close her door.
56) 7) dialog: Listen to me you fucking lunatic. This money, it's not yours. OK? He throws the bag of money in her car.
56) 8) dialog: You don't buy yourself anything with that, OK? None of those diamond studded jeans that you wear, no make- UP ¢ no jewelry, no perfume. No nothing. Don't buy yourself a thing. You hear me? This money is not for you. It's for Jason. You give every penny to him. OK? He needs it. Say OK. Say OK... Say OK!
56) 11) dialog: I'm his father. I’m his. Ya hear me? He’s not mine. I’m his. You understand? And there’s nothing you’re gonna do to keep him from me.
57) 0) text: Drunk, Robin has taken an acetylene torch to Luke's bike cuts it to pieces. Only the engine is intact. He ponders next cut when - Luke walks in - can't believe his eyes.
57) 1) dialog: What the fuck! What're you doing?!
58) 0) text: Luke picks up the bullets from his nightstand, fights aga his better judgement, loads the gun.
59) 0) text: Robin is still cutting up the bike. Luke comes in and sti the barrel of the pistol against the back of Robin’s head Luke is out of his fucking mind here, close to squeezing trigger.
60) 0) text: Luke and a DEALER stand over a red 1994 Honda Fireblade.
60) 7) dialog: How's the balance?
60) 9) dialog: Nevermind. You take cash?
61) 0) text: Luke fills the tank. A picku truck at the pump next to hi blares Bon Jovi's 'Dead or Alive' from its speakers.
64) 4) dialog: Every last one of you get down on the Goddamn floor! Right now!!!
64) 7) dialog: Fill it up and pass it back.
64) 9) dialog: From the drawers then! With some urgency! Come on! The teller reluctantly does as she is instructed. Luke lo around to make sure no one is sneaking up on him. The tel finishes, tries to pass the bag through the slot.
64) 11) dialog: What're you an ignoramus? Take some damn money out. I got to think of everything? The teller pulls out some of the cash. She tries to fit t bag back through. Still won't fit. She takes out some mor cash. Luke hears sirens. Goddamnit. He tries to force the bag back through the slot. It opens most of the money spills out on the teller's side. He is with an empty bag. Fuck. He bolts out the door.
65) 0) text: Sirens blare, Avery turns the corner, SEES Luke take off, trying to quickly master his unfamiliar bike.
66) 0) text: Luke has the cruiser on his tail. He blasts through an intersection and turns hard down a small, residential str He blasts through two more intersections in the wrong lan barely avoiding oncoming traffic.
67) 0) text: Luke takes another hard right, runs up onto a lawn, and t to head back to the street. Avery's car runs up onto the and comes to a jarring halt. Luke tries to maneuver but c keep the bike under him. He ditches further up the road. 82 83 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 33. Luke pushes the wrecked bike off of his scraped up leg, l away, looking for a way out. Behind him, 3 houses away, A pursues on foot.
68) 0) text: Luke enters through a screen door, looks around the house a place to hide. SEES - a MOTHER and her young BOY starin him wordlessly from the kitchen. They had been making a c
68) 1) dialog: Anyone else home? The mother and her boy barely move. Luke shows them his g
68) 2) dialog: Take me upstairs. COME ON! LETS GO! (softens ) I won't hurt you. Come on!
69) 0) text: Luke corrals the scared family up the stairs to a bedroom closes the door behind them, and waves the gun at the bed
69) 1) dialog: Sit down. The mother and boy sit on the ground in the corner by the and_ bury their faces into each other, making themselves small as possible. * Desperate, Luke looks out the window. It would be a long to the ground. He opens the window. He starts to climb * through, His leg is in pain and hard to move. HEARS Avery downstairs calling, "POLICE! DROP YOUR WEAPON!" He is cornered.
69) 2) dialog: Aw, hell. Do you have a phone? The mother nods, tells him it's on the nightstand. He pic up the phone, dials information.
69) 4) dialog: Schenectady. Her name is Romina.
69) 6) dialog: Guitierrez... I think... * While the operator checks, he sits down on the window sil
69) 9) dialog: Yes! Connect me! The phone rings. Luke swings one leg out the window, but can barely move it. He can’t jump out.
69) 10) dialog: Pick up...
70) 0) text: Avery can HEAR Luke talking upstairs - Back to the wall, drawn, he slides quietly up the stairs. He gets outside t door.
71) 0) text: The phone continues to ring. A realization and a deep des creep upon Luke.
71) 1) dialog: Please answer. He hears the cop outside his door. CLICK. The phone picks up.
71) 3) dialog: Romina? Avery hears Luke’s voice. Weapon aimed, he bursts through bedroom door, sees Luke with the phone in one hand, and h body halfway out the window. He shoots. The shot makes a loud, sharp noise. A small cloud of blue smoke rises from muzzle and floats toward the ceiling. Luke is hit in the abdomen, he drops the phone. Avery see it, lowers his gun, thinks, “did I just shoot a man with phone in his hand?" Luke looks down at the blood spreading through the fabric his shirt. He grabs the gun on the sill, shoots back: hits Avery in knee. The kickback from the gun pushes Luke's body back a he falls out the window like a rag doll: ass over teakett
73) 0) text: The ER staff rolls Avery into the operating theater. Anot team in there already frantically works on Luke. Avery hears Luke's heart monitor beep erratically. He wat the doctors act more frantically. Finally, the heart moni emits a flat, even tone. The sound of screaming. Avery looks and sees Romina waili and fighting with ER staff. Kofi helps to restrain her. An INTERN straddles Luke and starts to give him CPR. A nu closes a curtain around Luke.
104) 0) text: Unlocks door. Takes out Luke's box. Unzips the backpack. Stuffs the money in there.
139) 0) text: Jason GOOGLES the name 'LUKE GLANTON' on the school compu A list of links to old news articles comes up. Jason clic on one - a text only article. READS: "MOTO-bandit LUKE Glanton was_shot and killed yesterday i shoot-out with Schenectady Police... Jason is floored. He continues discovering more details on his father's lif and death. Nearing the end of the article he READS: "Glanton, a former motorcycle stunt rider had been workin Van Der Zee service station in Rotterdam. His former boss ROBIN VAN DER ZEE, declined to be interviewed for this article. 170 171 172 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 87.
150) 5) text: 187 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 96. She pulls him towards her and their bodies grind together A.J. checks them out from across the crowded room. * Jared approaches & starts grinding her from behind. Her * movements have ghanged- She seems to be enjoying the crud grindings of this other guy. Jason can't get her back. It isgusts him. His moment is being torn from him. Jason let go and moves away. Leaving his girl in an animal embrace. Drugs really setting in now, Jason's unstable. He winds h way through the party, losing his equilibrium. He finds a staircase, sees a few people up the stairs. He moves towa them in a moment of pure exploration. INT. AJ'S HOUSE/AVERY’S MANSION- CONTINUOUS 187 THE HALLWAY UPSTAIRS is crowded with dark figures. Jason can't make out anyone's face, as hard as he squints. He looks down at the floor to try and center himself, but rug is vibrating. Jason steadies himself against the "wal The wall is covered with photos. Jason zeroes in on a pho of A.J. when he was young sitting in Grandpa Al's lap. Ja is sucked in, he moves to the next and the next; pictures a fractured and empty family. Jason finds himself at the end of the hall looking at Ave rookie oR photo -_the same one paired with Luke from the Oo paper at in's. The drugs are doing their thing but the power of the picture is undeniable. Ashley walks up behin
177) 0) text: Jason and the old man stand over a dirt-bike which is muc like Luke's old Fair special.