18) 0) text: Luke comes to a parking area adjacent to the main road. S ROBIN VAN DER_ZEE, 48, white, working hard to get his ATV onto the trailer behind his pickup. Luke trots up to help They roll the ATV onto the trailer, secure it with nylon straps. Robin makes note of Luke's bike.
18) 1) dialog: Mean machine.
18) 3) dialog: You handle it like a pro.
18) 5) dialog: You headed back to town?
18) 7) dialog: Give you a ride. Save you some gas. They strap his bike next to the ATV. Robin notices one of Luke's prison tatoos.
19) 0) text: Robin pulls up to the Esquire, surveys the run-down motel
19) 2) dialog: You're staying here? 26 27 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 11.
19) 4) dialog: Just passing through, huh?
19) 6) dialog: What are you doing for work? Luke looks around... not many opportunities in his sights ROBIN (CONT'D) . You know your way around an engine?
19) 8) dialog: I run a little service station back down route 5. I could use a good, you know, American worker like you, you_know what I mean? Good people. At least, that's what you seem like. I can put you up, too. Got a little apartment above the garage. It's modest, but its got what you need. Better than this shit-hole. Luke considers the offer. Robin flashes a wry smile.
19) 9) dialog: Did I catch you at a busy time or something?
21) 0) text: Robin opens the door to a tiny studio. A tiny fridge sits next to a tiny stove, next to a twin bed.
21) 1) dialog: It’s not much. We'll take the rent out of your pay, okay?
21) 3) dialog: okay. - This isn’t jail. This can * e your home. You ever been in * Be But he's not about to tell Robin about it.
21) 4) dialog: You don't have to be coy with me, son. See this? Robin pulls out his top row of teeth. Dentures. Just gums remain. He pops the teeth back in.
21) 5) dialog: I had too many postage stamps. Contraband, they sai They tell me their gonna put me in “solitary for a month. Problem is, I had this gum infection. Doc ordered 2 weeks of antibiotics before they would put me in solitary. But the warden... he saw no need for postponement. So he orders the prison dentist to pull all my top teeth. Then put me in solitary. Damn near starved to death. Mom smuggled in crushed penicillin pills Robin punctuates his story by clacking his teeth.
21) 6) dialog: Ten years in Attica. Ten years probation. I'm clean as a whistle now. You ever been in jail?
21) 8) dialog: I knew it when I first saw you. Birds of a feather... Wanna flock? Luke has a mind to knock Robin's block off. Robin starts laughing at him, deep belly laughs.
24) 0) text: 30 Luke, covered in grease, works diligently under a 1988 Fo Taurus. He notices Robin's feet approach. Slides out from under. Robin peels a few bills and hands them down to Luk
24) 1) dialog: Payday, my boy. Less room & board. Luke counts his paltry sum. Sighs.
25) 0) text: LATER. Luke and Robin sit an old tree stump drinking beer ROBIN ; All my peopie were Dutch. This town, the whole area started Dutch.
25) 2) dialog: Believe me, kid. If I could give anyone a raise, it would be you. You're a real asset. And goo company too. The big chains bleed me a little bit more each month. The only regular work I_get into the shop is souping up low-riders for niggers and spics.
25) 4) dialog: I like you, boy. You remind me of me. A lo-o-o-o-ong time ago.
25) 6) dialog: Not so old I'm throwing in the towel. I'm not just gonna sit there and wait around til someone tell's me I'm a dead duck. I have a feeling you're the same way. Right?
25) 8) dialog: You're like me. You're a chisler. 31
25) 12) dialog: You play all the angles... I know you've been to jail. More than once, right? Luke puts down his beer and stares at Robin hard.
25) 13) dialog: Course you have. You've stolen before. Luke gets up and starts to walk away.
25) 14) dialog: Now don't be like that. You know I'm not judging you. Hell, I admire a thief. It takes a man to steal.
25) 16) dialog: Oh, please do pardon me. I certainly hope my misjudging you in this way didn't hurt your feelings too deeply. Tell me you've stolen!
25) 18) dialog: But you did it stupid, right? You got liquored up and knocked over a convienience store or something?
25) 20) dialog: Fair enough. But you got caught... I know you like you're my own flesh and blood. Your problem wasn't your lack of courage. It was your lack of foresight. Your plan failed you. Look, how would you like to do it right? With me? What do you say?
25) 22) dialog: Well that's why we're talking here, isn't it. I never had children, that I know of, but I do watch a lot of TV. Nature shows mostly. (MORE)
25) 24) dialog: Providing for your family, that's something I understand. It's animal. It's instinct. You get a mouth to feed and all of a sudden you got a purpose, you have a goal. And you focus everything you have, everything you are like a laser on that goal, right? You gotta edge out the competition with whatever ou have to offer. With whatever alents are at your disposal. And you're a man with some very, very unique talents.
27) 0) text: Robin and Luke sit at the kitchen table. A map is spread before them. On it - several locations marked with red do
27) 1) dialog: These are a_ few prospects, but I'm sure we could find some more. Robin places something swaddled in old flannel rags on th table. He pushes it toward Luke.
27) 2) dialog: Don't ask me where I got it from. Luke slowly unwraps the flannel - a .38 snub-nosed pistol sits on the table.
27) 3) dialog: We'd split everything fifty-fifty.
27) 5) dialog: I'll just find someone else who will be happy with an even split.
27) 7) dialog: Come on! Don't get lawyerly on me. (beat ) Sixty-forty.
27) 9) dialog: Sixty-five-thirty-five or go to hell. Luke picks up the pistol.
28) 0) text: Robin and Luke inspect a beat-to-hell cube truck. It's wh and nondescript. The windshield has a crack across it. *
28) 1) dialog: Doesn't look like much, but it runs fine. And the back is big enough.
28) 4) dialog: You gotta spend $ to make $. *
29) 0) text: Robin clicks the button of a stop-watch.
29) 1) dialog: Go. Halfway across the garage bay stands an old bureau. Luke up to the bureau and vaults it.
29) 2) dialog: Ten seconds. Let's go. Luke stands behind the bureau and grabs Monopoly money th had been placed in the bureau's drawers.
29) 3) dialog: You didn't tell anyone what to do. People are getting panicked. Luke halfheartedly speaks into the empty garage.
29) 5) dialog: Aw, Jesus. You sound like you're asking some jerk off for directions. Twenty seconds. Luke grabs the rest of the money and leaps over the burea He runs for the bay's door. Robin clicks his stopwatch.
29) 6) dialog: Pathetic. Robin places his hand gently on Luke's chest.
29) 7) dialog: Listen, kid. You're a performer, right? These folks in the bank, they're your audience. They're expecting a show. They want to see a real live bank robber. Give 'em what they want, and you won't get any trouble.
30) 0) text: Robin and Luke step up to the young, female TELLER and * smiles. 37
30) 3) dialog: Hi there, sweetheart. I need to break this hundred. One fifty, two twenties and a ten, please. Robin watches the teller use a set of keys she has wrappe around her wrist on an elastic band to open up three sepa drawers. The drawers contains different bills.
31) 0) text: Robin starts his stopwatch.
31) 1) dialog: Go. Luke bounds past him into the bay like Gene Kelly.
31) 3) dialog: You're making me proud. 37 A bit out of breath, Luke pulls the gun from his waistban
31) 5) dialog: What?
31) 7) dialog: Well hell's bells. Why don't we just get you a squirt gun instead? Not a bad idea. Luke laughs. Robin doesn't. He grabs the
31) 8) dialog: You understand fully what we've engaged here, correct?
31) 10) dialog: I don't want anything to happen to you. And if God forbid it does, I don't_want the other guy walking away like it's no big deal. Luke looks down at the ground and smiles, like a kid reac to a compliment from his proud father.
34) 0) text: Luke and Robin eating breakfast together.
34) 1) dialog: Good pancakes. Luke collects his plate, rinses it in the sink. He heads the door for his bike. He climbs on his black bike. EXT. TURNPIKE - MIDDAY 4l Luke wears a motorcycle helmet as he bolts down the turnp an empty child's school backpack on his back.
37) 0) text: Luke tears down the road, passes cars in front of him, Th cops can't catch up. Luke takes a dangerous and wild right turn onto a small country road. After a few more turns, Luke drives up to Robin's old cube truck which is parked on the side of the road. Its back is open and its loading ramp down.
39) 0) text: Cop cars scream by the truck. Robin drives the other way. 48 49 50 51 52 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 22.
40) 0) text: Luke turns on a fluorescent campi ng lamp and secures his bike. He gets thrown around a little bit by Robin's drivi His adrenaline rushes. His breathing heavy. He puts his h on his knees and pukes all over the truck's floor. Sits d
41) 0) text: Robin pulls into the station, opens up the back of the tr The stink of warm vomit hits Robin.
41) 1) dialog: Jesus! Phew! Luke sits against the wall, dazed and tired, and laughing
42) 0) text: Luke and Robin lay out the money in neat piles.
42) 1) dialog: It's not a million dollars or anything. But we do this a few more times. Robin pushes Luke's cut to him and stands up and walks ar the table. He plants a big phoney kiss on Luke's check.
52) 0) text: Luke smokes a cigarette in the Kitchen. Robin watches him Knows something has changed. Long moment of awkward silen
52) 2) dialog: You know what they say about people who rob banks? Luke takes a drag. Waits for Robin to answer his own question.
52) 3) dialog: They say they always do one too many. The trick is to know how many is too many, and do one less.
54) 0) text: The police are on him quicker this time. He can't shake t He nears the rendezvous point with Robin, sees the truck waiting patiently up ahead, but a glance back confirms he hasn't lost the heat yet. He makes a slicing gesture acro his throat to signal Robin the rendezvous is off. Robin watches Luke take a right turn, leading the cops away fro the truck. Robin hops out, closes the rear door, drives o
55) 2) dialog: Get in and close the Goddamn door.
55) 4) dialog: You do realize, we're done here. *
57) 0) text: Drunk, Robin has taken an acetylene torch to Luke's bike cuts it to pieces. Only the engine is intact. He ponders next cut when - Luke walks in - can't believe his eyes.
57) 2) dialog: We had a good thing going. We geet it up_as long as we coul made a nice little Score, now it's over. Luke reacts as if Robin put down his horse. He storms out the garage. We follow him to...
59) 0) text: Robin is still cutting up the bike. Luke comes in and sti the barrel of the pistol against the back of Robin’s head Luke is out of his fucking mind here, close to squeezing trigger.
62) 0) text: Robin, out of breath, runs to a payphone - dials 911.
62) 1) dialog: I want to make an anonymous report.
63) 0) text: An OPERATOR types the info from Robin into her computer. "SUSPECTED ROBBERY IN PROGRESS", color-coded RED, comes u the DISPATCHER'S screen.
139) 0) text: Jason GOOGLES the name 'LUKE GLANTON' on the school compu A list of links to old news articles comes up. Jason clic on one - a text only article. READS: "MOTO-bandit LUKE Glanton was_shot and killed yesterday i shoot-out with Schenectady Police... Jason is floored. He continues discovering more details on his father's lif and death. Nearing the end of the article he READS: "Glanton, a former motorcycle stunt rider had been workin Van Der Zee service station in Rotterdam. His former boss ROBIN VAN DER ZEE, declined to be interviewed for this article. 170 171 172 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 87.
142) 6) dialog: Do I know you? Jason shakes his head, "no."
142) 8) dialog: 
142) 13) dialog: No shit... Goddamn. You kinda look like him.
142) 15) dialog: A little bit, I think. Jason is warmed by this.
142) 16) dialog: You drink beer? Jason nods.
142) 17) dialog: Come on in. Jason follows Robin into the back.
142) 18) dialog: How old are you anyway?
142) 21) dialog: 17. Goddamn.
143) 0) text: Robin pulls out a box of papers, memorabilia.
143) 1) dialog: Gotta be in here somewhere... there we go. Robin pulls out dusty newspaper from. the stack. Above th fold headline reads, 'Moto Bandit Killed by Sch'dy Cop.' hands it to Jason.
143) 2) dialog: There he is. That's him. That's Luke. 174 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 89. Jason stares in awe at LUKE'S MUGSHOT. It is the first ti he has ever seen his father. ROBIN (0.S.) (CONT’D) He was a grazy son of a bitch. But he had a big heart. Next to Luke's picture is Avery's portrait in his police uniform. Robin points to it.
143) 3) dialog: And there's the pig who tagged him. Jason looks up at Robin. Angry and confused.
143) 4) dialog: Shame it went down that way. Didn't anyone ever tell you about any of this? Jason shakes his head, "no." Looks back into the newspape ROBIN (CONT’D) That's just bullshit. Plain and simple. Shouldn't be scared of the truth. Gotta confront it, straight on.
143) 6) dialog: Why not? Y'need another beer? INT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION. LUKE'S OLD ROOM. AFTERNOON. Robin, spins tales and opens the door to reveal the dusty room where Luke used to sleep.
143) 7) dialog: Not much of a room. Then again, he didn't need much. Didn't take up much space. I appreciated that about him. I truly did
143) 9) dialog: You're dad was good a LOT of things. Riding a bike for one. It was like it was attached to him. appe € part of his body. An age. Never saw anyone ride = him. Unfuckingbelievable. And ite knew his way around an engine. Oh boy, did he... 175 176 177 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 90. Jason is beaming with pride.
143) 11) dialog: No. In fact I don't. Police probably cut it up, & used it for scrap. Jason goes back into the rabbit hole of his mind.
143) 12) dialog: He used to talk about you. Jason is listening.
143) 13) dialog: Quite a lot, actually. You changed his life in many ways. Just a shame he couldn't slow down enough to fully appreciate it. But I know, and this is a fact, that he loved you. That he truly did. And I know if he could see you now, he'd be proud. Jason is crying. Not slobbery sobbing cries. But the crie a kid who is feeling more than he's ever felt. He tries t drown it out with a slug of beer. Robin stands in the doorway, watching him. EXT. ROBIN'S SERVICE STATION. LATE AFTERNOON. CONTINUOUS. Robin closes up garage doors, locks up. He walks Jason to ike.
143) 14) dialog: I'm glad you came by. Don't let those people keep you in the dark anymore. Ya hear me? Jason gets on his bike, pops a wheelie, rides away.
149) 3) dialog: What're you doing back here? Jason turns, SEES: Robin, with cigarette, approach him. N so cordially this time.
149) 9) dialog: Come on. Let's get out. Can't have you back here. Regulations. They snake through the office and out into the front of t shop. Robin keeps it moving the whole time. ROBIN (CONT’D) I can't have you just walking in on me like that. It's not professional. I have a lot of work on my plate, and I am in no position to fall behind. I wish I could spend my days | reminiscing and getting Pali nostalgic with you about your dear old daddy. All misty eyed and shit. But I just can't. See you down the road, though. Robin has walked Jason to the edge of his property.
149) 10) dialog: Oops. Hang on a beat. He turns and walks to where Jason has parked his bike. Gr it. Walks it back to Jason.
149) 11) dialog: Can't leave without your wheels. Gotta outrun the woodchucks. He holds it up for Jason, ensuring he gets on. Jason does Robin pats his ass and sends him on his way. Jason feels pretty dejected. He pedals away.
156) 2) dialog: The hell you doing back here? Robin's still trying to recover from the scare.
156) 3) dialog: What're you doing sneaking up like that, boy?
156) 5) dialog: Were you now? Well wonder your way outside my fucking garage and maybe I'll come out and entertain your musings. Jason looks around, decides not to move, breathes in cour
156) 9) dialog: (hesitates) You insinuating something son? Jason pulls out the revolver. He doesn't point it at Robi he just shows it to him. ROBIN (CONT’D Decided to grow a pair did ya? You putting the old misty eyed kid away and jumping into the man act? Jason can't bring himself to point the gun at Robin. Robi sniffs his weakness.
156) 10) dialog: You think you're a fucking man? Cause you look a lot like a fucking kid to me Jason. Jason raises the gun at Robin, without conviction, bottom trembling.
156) 12) dialog: Oh, I get it now. This is where you come to settle your old man's score. Well, you got the wrong guy. I stupidly tried to help that sorry sonofabitch. If it weren't for me he would've been living in the Y and giving blow jobs at the bus station for a living. Robin laughs.
156) 13) dialog: You need someone to blame for making you a bastard, look no further than your father. Jason holds back the urge to cry. He can't stop himself a his embarrassment is obvious.
156) 14) dialog: Chip off the old block, aren't ya?! Another gutless wonder. Only a Glanton would pull a gun on an unarmed fucking man who's minding his own fucking business. Put that away before you hurt yourself. Chickenshit. Jason lowers the gun. He wishes he never came in here. Ro stands, approaches him. 200 201 202 203 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 105.
156) 15) dialog: You know, Jason. Sometimes people die for a reason. I'm looking at you, Jason... And I'm realizing I'm looking at that reason. Look at yourself. You're the reason your dad died. And I'm thinkin' - what a Goddamn tragedy. Jason is frozen. ROBIN (CONT’D) You want a little piece of advice? Put that gun to good use. Stick the barrel in your mouth, pull the trigger. Robin turns his back on Jason. ROBIN (CONT’ D) Because listen - (FP you're too pussy to do it... I can certainly arrange a meeting between you and your dad. Jason scared now. He retreats, down the hall.
157) 0) text: Jason hobbles away as fast as his injured body will take He looks back at Robin who watches through the front wind