1) 0) text: Luke climbs onto his bike, revs the engine. Roadies slap back, give him high 5's. He is joined by 2 motorcyclists. ANNOUCER OVER P.A. And now, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girts, get ready to be rocked by the motor-cycle mayhem of... * A spherical, metal cage sits under the Big-Top. Next to i stands an ornate portico with a red velvet curtain as a d ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D) Luke Glanton and his Rough Riders! The two motor-cycles ride ahead of Luke through the curta and into the cage. Luke bursts through, stops, revs his engine and pumps his fist at the roaring crowd. ROMINA GUTIERREZ, 26, Hispanic; sits in the bleacher seat watching the spectacle. Enraptured. Luke drives into the cage where the other riders make lon Lazy loops. Luke guns it, guides his bike over the inside walls of the cage. He defies gravity while weaving his wa around the other two stunt riders. He makes it look easy. it isn't. It is a death-defying act of bravado. The other two drivers leave the cage and Luke performs hi finale; a slow inside loop where his bike leaps from one facet of the cage to another. The crowd goes wild. ANNOUCER OVER P.A. (CONT’D) Let's hear it for Luke Glanton and his Rough Riders, folks!
1) 3) dialog: gsnitting, awkward) I didn't know if you'd remember. Luke looks at her like she's crazy. His fans tug on his clothing, vying for his attention. He pushes through them get closer to Romina. They give each other a little hug, careful not to smush the youngsters all around them.
1) 5) dialog: (shrugs ) I gotta go. I just wanted to see you again.
1) 7) dialog: I'm fine. I can just take the bus.
2) 0) text: Luke tears away from the Arena. Everything around looks r down, abandoned. We are in Schenectai a smaller, upstate- New York version of Detroit. It is 1994. Romina rides on the back of his bike, her arms holding ti around his abdomen. The wind blows hair into her indecisi face. She really should be on the bus right now. But the is cold and Luke's body is warm. She buries her face into back of his leather jacket.
3) 2) dialog: (hiding something) I can't. I think about you a lot. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 3.
3) 4) dialog: (comes close, whispers) I'm with someone... I just wanted to see you again... She kisses him again quick, wishing she could stay. Then away, not looking back, up the steps of her childhood hom
7) 0) text: He gets past her. Looks around the house. Follows the sou of the crying baby upstairs. He pushes open the door to Romina’s bedroom. A BABY wails in the center of a twin bed surrounded by pillows. Malena comes in, scoops him up, starts to bounce "shush" him. Luke stands near the door, rocked.
8) 0) text: Luke walks into the diner. He’s pissed, looks around but doesn’t see Romina. Luke doesn’t sit. He waits. Romina exits kitchen with a t of food. Sees Luke immediately.
8) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
8) 4) dialog: It was just a fling.
8) 10) dialog: I haven't been waiting to hear from you, or anything.
8) 12) dialog: Jason. Luke and Romina look at each other in silence.
8) 13) dialog: I'm going to school nights now.
8) 15) dialog: I don't have a lot of time for anything except Jason and school and wor. And my boyfriend. Silence. A challenge.
14) 0) text: Luke rings the doorbell, bag of BISQUICK under his arm. D opens. Romina stands there, wearing her Sunday’s best. Sh speechless and stares at Luke through the screen door.
14) 4) dialog: What are you still doing here?
14) 7) dialog: This isn’t a good time.
14) 9) dialog: (back to Luke) We're going to church. Kofi opens the door. Steps out onto the porch. Faces Luke
14) 13) dialog: It’s okay. Let him.
14) 25) dialog: Kofi’s helping us buy this house.
14) 30) dialog: Okay we have to go. Or we’re gonna be late.
14) 34) text: 18 19 20 21 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 9. INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH. JASON’S BAPTISM. DAY. 18 Kofi holds Jason at the altar. Romina and Malena stand ne to him. A PRIEST pours holy water over Jason's head. Luke stands in the pews, watching, seething. EXT. FRIENDLY’S RESTAURANT —- DAY 19 Luke pulls his bike into the parking lot, gets off, walks into the restaurant.
23) 0) text: Luke sits on the side of his bike. Across the street is Romina’s house. The kitchen is brightly lit and Luke can the sound lifting Jason over his head and talking to him. of talking and laughter. From his bike he sees Kofi
26) 0) text: The middle of a long shift. Romina steps from the kitchen carrying several plates. She drops off the breakfast spec at their destination and sees Luke - slumped in a boot Romina stares at the back of his head for a while. MOMENTS LATER. They look at one another over cups of coff
26) 3) dialog: You're corny. You don't even know me.
26) 5) dialog: -..Yeah... But you didn't even know he existed until a few days ago.
26) 7) dialog: You say you want to marry me. You don't mean it. You might think you do. But it's not true. You're just excited...
26) 14) text: Romina soaks up his words.
26) 16) dialog: Oh, really?
26) 18) dialog: How are you gonna do that? You don't even have a job.
26) 20) dialog: You're crazy.
26) 22) dialog: I’m not leaving my mom.
26) 24) dialog: What about Kofi?
26) 27) dialog: Sounds like a nice dream for you. She sets the check, $1.50 face down, in front of him.
26) 28) dialog: I need to get back to work.
43) 0) text: Romina gets off work, walks into the parking lot. SEES Lu in the early morning light, leaning against his bike. His aura is magnetic. He holds a DISPOSABLE BOX CAMERA. Takes picture with it. She suppresses a smile. Moves to him.
44) 0) text: Luke and Romina lay naked on a bed, postcoital, sheets on floor. They smoke. The mood is bright.
44) 6) dialog: He don't even eat solid food yet.
47) 0) text: Luke stands on Romina's porch, waits. He frequently looks over his shoulder. The door opens and Malena stands there
48) 0) text: Jason swings back and forth in the new free standing swin that Luke has bought for him. Luke assembles a crib on th floor Romina and Kofi’s bedroom. He talks to Jason_as he works, about the importance of be brave in a mean ole world. He HEARS the front door open downstairs, then Romina’s vo
48) 1) dialog: Hello Mama. Where’s Jason?
48) 3) dialog: He’s sleeping?
48) 5) dialog: You let him in? Luke HEARS the trunk to a car slam outside.
48) 12) dialog: What’s this shit? What is all this?
48) 14) dialog: What are you doing here? You are gonna screw up my life.
48) 26) dialog: (to. Malena) Mama call an ambulance. es
56) 0) text: Luke waits for Romina outside the diner. Romina comes out sees him.
56) 9) dialog: 
56) 15) dialog: You broke it. You’re not his father. You’re an animal. If I ever see you again, I’m calling the police. She drives away. He is left alone. He gets into the cube truck, drives away.
71) 2) dialog: Hello.
73) 0) text: The ER staff rolls Avery into the operating theater. Anot team in there already frantically works on Luke. Avery hears Luke's heart monitor beep erratically. He wat the doctors act more frantically. Finally, the heart moni emits a flat, even tone. The sound of screaming. Avery looks and sees Romina waili and fighting with ER staff. Kofi helps to restrain her. An INTERN straddles Luke and starts to give him CPR. A nu closes a curtain around Luke.
80) 0) text: Avery and Scott stand at the base of the steps and watch Deluca and Crotty ring the bell to Romina's house. Malena opens the door. DeLuca flashes his badge.
80) 4) dialog: For what?
80) 8) dialog: You supposed to have a warrant or something, right? DeLuca leans in close to Romina, quietly.
82) 0) text: DeLuca and Crotty sit across from Kofi and Romina. Malena brings out coffee and Hostess donuts.
82) 4) dialog: We don't got the money.
82) 6) dialog: He offered us the money but we never took it.
85) 0) text: Avery, Scott and Crotty wait in the car, WATCHING. Romina Kofi see them off from the porch. DeLuca is the last to leave. He lingers for a second on the lawn.
86) 0) text: DeLuca climbs into the car and drives off. Avery watches Romina and Kofi head back inside.
96) 0) text: Avery is parked in his unmarked Cavalier across the stree from the diner where Romina works. He watches her through window, going about her job. Avery can't seem to assuage guilt he feels for this woman.
97) 1) dialog: What can I get you? Romina looks up from her pad, sees Avery sitting in a boo She tries to hide her contempt for him, looks around for help, but she is the only waitress on duty. Awkward beat. PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 54.
97) 3) dialog: Do you really care about my boy? You care about my family? Or is this just small talk? Avery can't keep eye contact, her eyes full of venom. He looks down, notices that Romina is pregnant.
101) 0) text: Avery digs out the shoe box with the plastic bag of money took from Romina's place. He quietly walks back to his ca
102) 0) text: Romina gets off of her shift. Avery climbs out of his car
102) 3) dialog: I don't know where that money is from. And What you're doing is very inappropriate. Romina walks over to her car and gets in. Avery follows.
102) 5) dialog: What do you know about what my baby needs? Romina backs out and almost runs over Avery's foot. Avery watches her drive away.
130) 0) text: Jason sits alone in the gallery of a court house with a PUBLIC DEFENDER. Kofi and Romina, both 16 years older, enter the room, sha hands with the public defender. Jason can’t really make e contact with them because he knows how ANGRY they are.
130) 3) dialog: What do you mean? Like it will be dismissed?
130) 12) dialog: And we get that if we plead guilty? Defender gets up to leave, stacking folders as he goes.
131) 0) text: Jason enters the house and runs up to his room. Kofi and Romina enter behind him. HEAR him shut his door.
132) 2) dialog: Don’t you ever do that to me. Jason looks up at his mom. It’s the first time she’s hit
132) 3) dialog: No call? No nothing? You were afraid we'd be angry? (Beat) Well guess what. We're angry.
132) 5) dialog: You need to start acting like you're a part of this family. (MORE )
132) 12) dialog: Not just some guy who lives in the same house. Okay? Nothing.
132) 13) dialog: Say "okay."
132) 15) dialog: I will not watch this happen. She leaves his room, slamming his door shut. INT. CHRISTIAN BROTHERS ACADEMY. WAITING ROOM. Jason and Romina sit in the waiting room.
133) 0) text: Jason and Romina sit across a desk from the SERGEANT.
133) 10) dialog: Well, I honestly don’t know what else there is for us to do. Jason is shocked. He’s not going here in a million years.
133) 14) text: Romina drives. Jason is very distant.
133) 15) dialog: I'm doing this only because I love you.
133) 17) dialog: You can be mad at me all you want. But you have made your own choices here, Jason.
133) 19) dialog: Jason..
133) 24) dialog: Jason. Jason. No one’s sent you away yet... Jason looks away from his mom, yanks on the strings on hi hoodie until his face disappears into a black hole.
133) 25) dialog: The application process takes 2 weeks. You can change my mind about this. But you’re gonna have to prove it to me. You have 2 weeks. But I need you to try really really hard. OK? She puts out her hand to shake.
133) 26) dialog: Jason... Do we have a deal? Jason?
133) 28) dialog: You gotta shake on it. Jason does. A little bit of the tension is lifted.
137) 2) text: Did you hate him or something? Romina can’t look at Jason. She can’t look at anyone.
137) 4) dialog: I told you everything there is to know Jason.
146) 0) text: Jason walks through the front door, still a bit tipsy. Ro and Kofi are watching TV. Romina gets up to intercept Jas she SEES Jason close the door, somewhat drunkenly, behind im. Jason turns and looks at her, takes a big bite of his can bar, keeps his eyes on her, as he walks past her and up t is room. Romina doesn’t say anything. She can tell something in Ja has changed. Silent moment of reckoning between them. INT. JASON'S HOUSE VANESSA’S ROOM- CONTINUOUS 179 UPSTAIRS. Jason knocks on Vanessa’s door. He opens it. Sh in there, with her headphones on, listening to music and doing homework.
154) 0) text: Jason, Kofi and Romina sit at a conference table with CLA MULFORD, 40's, attorney.
154) 2) dialog: The lawyer at that time told us to plead guilty.
154) 13) dialog: Can you tell us... how long...
154) 16) dialog: Does it hurt baby? Jason doesn’t look at her.
154) 17) dialog: It’s going to be okay Jason. Still no reaction.
154) 18) dialog: Why won’t you talk to me Jason? Jason turns his head and looks at his mother.
173) 0) text: Romina's car is stopped in the driveway, door open, engin running. We can HEAR the news report seeping out of her c radio.