78) 0) text: The SOUND of the SHOWER RUNS in the background. Baby A.J. irresistibly cute, plays on a blanket, cooing. Avery sits the floor, Yegs set wide apart. He doesn't look at his so doesn't want to. His mind is somewhere else completely. T doorbell rings. Avery gets up to answer it. It is Scott. scoTtT Hey partner. We thought you might like’ a little distraction. Avery looks past Scott, sees PAUL DELUCA and his partner CROTTY idling in a cruiser out front.
79) 0) text: Avery and Scott ride in the back. DeLuca and Crotty up fr 95 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 43.
80) 0) text: Avery and Scott stand at the base of the steps and watch Deluca and Crotty ring the bell to Romina's house. Malena opens the door. DeLuca flashes his badge.
81) 0) text: Aided by a cane, Avery follows Scott as he heads into the first room on the left. They speak in hushed tones.
83) 0) text: Scott and Avery search Jason's room quietly. Scott begins lift the crib mattress.
83) 1) dialog: Hold the baby.
83) 3) dialog: Bingo. He pulls out_a stack of cash, shows it to Avery, hides it his person. Avery rests Jason back into the crib.
84) 0) text: Avery and Scott come down the stairs. Scott approaches DeLuca, whispers in his ear. DeLuca smiles.
85) 0) text: Avery, Scott and Crotty wait in the car, WATCHING. Romina Kofi see them off from the porch. DeLuca is the last to leave. He lingers for a second on the lawn.
90) 3) dialog: You mean, "jump!" 106 107 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 50. Everyone laughs, cheers. Al sits at the head of a large t filled with people from the ceremony - Weirzbowski, Deluc Crotty, Stevens, Jennifer and Avery and Al.
95) 0) text: Avery works behind the desk at the evidence room. It's in basement. Behind him are rows of wire-caged shelves. Scot Stevens, in plain-clothes, approaches the desk. scoTtrT Hey, man, heard you were down here. 112 113 PINES WHITE SCRIPT AS OF 6/14/11 53.
97) 5) dialog: We're dealing with a case, DeLuca and me. And it's pretty sensitive. I'm hoping this can stay private. Avery is listening. Romina comes back to the table, tremb with fear and rage. She pours Avery's coffee.
97) 6) dialog: Tuna melt. Large iced tea. Scott hands her the menu, notices who she is, makes big e at Avery. She turns to Avery, waits for his order. Avery can't tell if she is terrified or angry. Probably both.
97) 10) dialog: (stirring his drink) DeLuca and I thought, you know, you're a stand-up guy. If we can arrange something where we can have, you know, temporary access to the evidence room, and we could borrow some stuff.
98) 0) text: Girls on stage grind to music and will do anything for a dollar. Avery and DeLuca share a booth with Scott.
98) 3) dialog: Well, yeah, for this investigation. But we were hoping this could be like something we're all involved in. periodically. If we need it. A COKE-HEAD moves quick through the club and ducks into t bathroom. DeLuca eyes him, lets it slide.
99) 0) text: DeLuca leads the cuffed Coke-head into the pines with a flashlight. Scott and Avery follow. Deluca stops.
108) 0) text: Avery balances 2 cups of coffee and opens the passenger's side door. Scott sits in the driver's seat. sScoTtT You really gave Deluca quite the scare...
108) 4) dialog: He needs to get comfortable. He's just testing you. He needs to know youre on board. And it's getting a ittle hard for me to keep vouching for you. Especially when you act so fucking weird all the time.
109) 1) dialog: I knew we could count on you. Avery clicks off the tape, hands the recorder to Killcull
111) 0) text: Scott Stevens is put into a cell. The door closes behind