12) 0) text: The begrimed and filthy children march and stumble, carry heavy packs on their shoulders. Leaning forward, knees scraped and bloody from falls, the exhaustion and enormou strain evident. Staggered in a line, Chenkov in the lead. Chenkov reaches a STAKE in the ground, the top fluttering ORANGE FLAG. Chenkov breathes. The others join one-by-one Chenkov looks up as we hear CAR TIRES crunch up. The last child to cross is SHNAIDER, eyes the PALEST BLUE They blink as a car door SLAMS.
13) 0) text: Eight little beds in a stark, bereft row. Quiet except fo the MUFFLED CRYING of one the children: SCNAIDER, who is bed seven across from Chenkov in bed eight. Chenkov watching Shnaider cry his pale blue eyes out. As looks to Chenkov for sympathy...
106) 6) dialog: Chenkov? Is that you?
106) 8) dialog: Home? To Grozny?
106) 10) dialog: Will you miss me, Chenkov?
111) 5) dialog: I left Russia one year after you. To Prague. I’ve been the NATO liaison to the White House for three years.
111) 7) dialog: That’s where the President needs to be.
111) 9) dialog: We are not the primary. We are secondary, diversionary. And as they continue and the windshield wipers THWAK...
113) 0) text: As they pass a SIGN: Naval Research Facility -- -- Shnaider turns left down a short road, stops behind several other OFFICIAL looking CARS waiting to pass throu MARINE CHECKPOINT. GUARD TOWERS loom over a DOUBLE-GATE “mantrap” system. Shnaider looks to Salt.
113) 1) dialog: Welcome to Camp David, Major Vicek.
115) 0) text: The gate ahead of the sedan closed, the gate behind closi Shnaider hands a MARINE GUARD on his side his NATO ID.
115) 1) dialog: Good to see you again, Sergeant. Salt hands hers to a GUARD on her side. As TWO OTHERS loo under the car with mirrors...
115) 3) dialog: You think the Redskins have a chance at the playoffs?
116) 0) text: Military BRASS and SUITS going through the Secret Service CHECKPOINT at the Social Center Entrance. (The buildings here are lodge style, not official looking at all). As Salt and Shnaider are directed that way, he points out another lodge-style BUILDING beyond.
116) 1) dialog: Briefing center. The president’s in there. They show their visitor’s badges to the SECRET SERVICE AG at the doors. They’re checked and waved through.
117) 0) text: A FIRE burns. Refreshments are served. Shnaider points ou HAYES who is coming toward them. Low to Salt:
117) 1) dialog: Bill Hayes, Special Assistant to the President. You don’t know him. 81. As Hayes steps up, shakes Shnaider’s hand.
117) 5) dialog: Now?
119) 0) text: Hayes gives Shnaider and Salt the high sign. They’re up. they follow him out.
120) 0) text: Hayes leads the way as they cross the ground from the soc center to the briefing center. A little behind Salt, Shnaider reaches in his jacket, pul out his CAR KEYS. He presses a button on the remote then -- Sweeps Salt down to the ground as...
123) 0) text: Shnaider to his feet as a SECRET SERVICE AGENT rushes pas He CLOTHESLINES him, relieves him of his UZI and his SIG- Sauer which he tosses to Salt. As she looks to the wreckage of Marine One...
123) 1) dialog: (a grin) I should have mentioned that. (now urgent) They’1l move the president to the bunker. (pointing) That way for you, this way for me. We take out as many agents as we can. A beat and Shnaider dashes off.
127) 0) text: Shnaider, pretending to stagger, with his jacket in his h as SEVEN SECRET SERVICE AGENTS motor toward him on their to the parking lot.
127) 1) dialog: There are men that way! Coming over the fence! As they turn... Shnaider lets the UZI RIP. Through his jacket. As all sev agents go down.
129) 4) dialog: He’s just killed another three agents. As he turns, he sees Salt standing there. He gives her a curious look, then frowns. Something’s not right. She’s pointing the Sig-Sauer at him.
129) 5) dialog: Chenkov... 87.