0) 6) text: post a police officer at the counter in immediate f.g., a Ralph in the b.g. The police officer is SAM WCOD.
0) 7) dialog: Man ate the last just 'fore you come in, Sam nods irritably. Under his armpits halfmoons of sweat the September heat. Ralph pulls back the end of the thick band with his right hand, extends his aiming loft hand wh the opposite end of the band toward another fly which has roost on the stained wall near the coffee tub. Sam Icoks the fly hunt, fixes his eye on a clouded plastic lid cove dish on the counter. A fone wedge slumps isolated beneath
0) 9) dialog: Marblecake. Sam shakes his head, drains the last of the watery ic. fr glass, gets off the stool.
0) 10) dialog: (continuing; easing forward) You can have her free, Sam - she bein’ all by herself there.
0) 12) dialog: Sorry, Mister Wood! | mean, Officer Wood. (Continued) he
30) 18) dialog: the counter-boy we saw at script's opening reacts with pleasure at the sound of the music, withdraws the knife, straightens the juke box, now brilliantly lit up, Having cheated the vox of its coins for the music he's now playi Ralph does a triumphant little jig vack toward the counte En route, he stops, looks out at:
30) 20) dialog: hurries over, deliberately hides a luscious pie on the counter, puts on display instead a single last piece of tired pastry, He grins all the while he does this,
30) 45) dialog: rocked by guiit-feelings, hurries back to the juke box wh cheated of its due, hastily tugs the connecting wire from The silence seems immense, electric guitars stilled in mi at least Ralph appears relieved. He moves back to the ccu busy with the dishes, even as he stares out at:
30) 60) dialog: (baiting Sam) We got a real luscious cream pie tonight, Sam. | mean - Officer Wood. Like you always order.
30) 63) dialog: ain't servin' him!
42) 58) dialog: reacting, FAVORING TIDBs Ties Gun's not smart, Noisy, Lasy to trace, Powder marks on your hand for two wees, The way killed Colbert was a lot sm
42) 75) dialog: You gonna listen to him?
43) 0) text: is at the window, looking at the morning traffic outside. eyes averted, Ralph is continuing his confession into ¢ t (an almost obsolete mode! which squeaks as it turns) whil Courtney holds the microphone close to his lips, Another stands behind Ralph, guarding him. Tibbs settles into a corner, listens.
43) 1) dialog: She told me to get up the money or else she'd tell her brother. Hell, x t had to rob somebody! | was walkin’ from her house to the diner to start work when Mister Colbert, he drove by. [hitched a ride, He was wearin! this shiny new suit an‘ you could see his wallet, real thick ...
43) 3) dialog: | told him I'd sure ike to work at the factory once he got goin’. He said sure an’ | said, | was wonderin' where it was goin' to be an‘ he asked me would | bike to see ~ and { figured, man, he's askin' for it. I'H just tap him from behind when we get out there and claim somebody jumped us from the bushes ... (MORE)