6) 0) text: We follow NURSE SMITTY, a thin, bearded hippy-looking dud blue jeans, as he leads Craig off the elevator. Craig notices a sign on the wall reading ADULT PSYCHIATRIC with arrow pointing to the right. Smitty leads Craig towards a set of heavy double doors labeled THREE NORTH. Smitty flashes his ID, and the Three North SECURITY GUARD buzzes them inside. After they pass through the threshold, the doors shut, an the lock echoes through the corridors. ON CRAIG, peering over his shoulder at the prison-like me doors.
7) 0) text: A cute, West-Indian Nurse, MONICA, sips coffee behind the desk. Nurse Smitty shuffles papers nearby.
7) 3) dialog: That gets me every time. Craig forces a smile.
8) 0) text: Smitty leads Craig (minus shoelaces) down the hall. They pass several other PATIENTS, including a TWEAKED-OUT MAN wearing an oversized Backstreet Boys t-shirt. He makes a ZAPPING noise in Craig’s direction. Smitty spots a woman in a professional skirt suit approaching. She is DR. EDEN MINERVA (late 40s), the staf psychiatrist.
8) 1) dialog: Hey, Dr. Minerva...
8) 3) dialog: This is our newest patient, Craig Gilner.
8) 8) dialog: Good morning, Jimmy. Craig nervously steps past Jimmy.
8) 10) dialog: Jimmy’s schizophrenic.
8) 12) dialog: We have all kinds of patients here. (calling 0.S.) Bobby, my man! Camera TRACKS IN on BOBBY-- the same guy who sat next to Craig in the E.R. As he glides down the hall in SLOW-MO Craig gets a better look at him. No longer wearing doctor scrubs, Bobby sports a well-worn grey wool sweater. set eyes and rough edges betray a hard-lived past.
8) 13) dialog: How ‘bout a tour for our new friend, Craig, here?
8) 15) dialog: Bobby’11 show you around while we fix up your room. See you guys in a jiff. Smitty splits and Craig follows Bobby.
12) 16) dialog: Muqtada, it’s almost lunch! Wake up, you have a new roommate. MUQTADA, a gray-bearded Egyptian man, doesn’t move.
12) 18) dialog: (quietly, to Craig) Don’t take it personal. He doesn’t talk much and he’s never left the room... Okay, guys, lunch in five. Smitty exits, and Craig sits at the edge of his bed.
17) 60) text: --Don’t worry about it. You’re young still. Smitty strolls behind Craig, notices his uneaten food.
17) 61) dialog: You get two points for eating, Craig. Craig stares at his plate. Tries a bite. Throws up. Everyone stares at Craig in shock. Noelle smiles.
33) 23) dialog: People calm down. Everyone quickly settles in their seats.
33) 29) dialog: You guys know we have like fifty burritos in the kitchen...
38) 47) dialog: Hey, no running, please!
39) 43) dialog: Craig, you have a phone call.
46) 4) text: I swear it’d be better for her if you were dead. But you can’t even get that right. Smitty hurries into the room with Solomon following after
46) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Miss, you’re going to have to leave now.
46) 7) dialog: You okay, Bobby? Bobby nods, forces a smile.
52) 16) dialog: Bobby-- Other migrating patients chime in.
52) 19) dialog: Two points off, Bobby.
52) 24) dialog: That’s three points off for doubting the system. Craig smiles, whispers to Noelle.
61) 0) text: Dressed in their normal attire, Craig and Bobby stroll do the hall towards the nurse’s station. Bobby hands Smitty folded doctors’ scrubs.
73) 64) dialog: Congratulations. We’1ll miss you, Craig.
73) 66) dialog: Sure, if you can get the money.
75) 3) text: (approaching) Mr. Gilner, thank you so much! Three North loves you tonight... (to Craig) See ya back there in a jiff? Smitty takes the pizzas from George, heads toward the din hall.
77) 1) dialog: Hey Craig, you have another visitor.
79) 0) text: Craig enters to find everyone chowing down on pizzas and rocking out to Smitty’s funk records. He smiles to himself, noticing George, now teamed-up with Professor, continuing to dominate other patients at the p pong table. Craig approaches Smitty and hands him the paper bag that Aaron brought. Smitty removes an album from the bag: EGYPTIAN MASTERS: VOLUME 3. Smitty glances to Craig, and shakes his head.
80) 7) dialog: He already left. Early this morning. At first disappointed, Craig forms a slight smile.