24) 9) dialog: Very high an' very fast. Apollo's crowd smiles almost automatically at everything says.
24) 11) dialog: He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month.
24) 13) dialog: That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!
24) 15) dialog: The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year.
24) 19) dialog: Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them.
24) 21) dialog: (looks straight into the camera)
24) 22) text: ... Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!!  Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!! Apollo's entourage laughs and they move on... The Comment faces the camera.
27) 0) text: APOLLO CREED and his LAWYER and TRAINER are seated in the offices of MILES JERGENS.  Jergens, a successful promoter looks unhappy as he looks into the scowling face of Apoll Creed.
27) 6) dialog: Damn.
27) 10) dialog: Solution, nothin' -- What about the Bicentennial fight.
27) 14) dialog: You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man!
27) 17) dialog: Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth.
27) 25) dialog: Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid.  They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!!
27) 31) dialog: I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty.
27) 33) dialog: Give my main man a raise!! Everyone laughs.
27) 34) dialog: (continuing)
27) 35) text: Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time.  On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog.  An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear?  An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!!
27) 37) dialog: No, man, it's very smart.
29) 0) text: The SCENE REVERTS BACK TO Miles Jergens' office.  Apollo pores over a large record book.
29) 1) dialog: How 'bout this Billy Snow?
29) 5) dialog: How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith?
29) 8) dialog: ... I don't feel heat from the name.
29) 10) dialog: ... Still don't feel no heat.
29) 12) text: Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo?
29) 13) dialog: ... This man. Everybody leans forward.
29) 14) dialog: (continuing; much amused)
29) 17) dialog: Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on. (laughs)
29) 22) dialog: Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.
29) 24) dialog: Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!! Everyone laughs.
44) 0) text: Rocky and Adrian are at her home watching an old black an white television... Rocky smiles... The film now cuts to Apollo being interviewed.
44) 2) dialog: I like my Philadelphia Brothers. An' I'm patriotic! Apollo has to move to the side to avoid a thrusting microphone.
44) 5) dialog: (continuing; mock seriousness)
44) 8) dialog: If history proves one thing, everybody gotta chance -- Didn't yo' all ever hear of David an' Goliath? -- 'Course I woulda knocked out Goliath.
44) 10) dialog: The same coincidence that he's fightin' a black man.
44) 12) dialog: He's Italian.
44) 14) dialog: It means if he can't fight, I bet he can cook! Rocky and Adrian laugh at the interview... Paulie, her brother, takes offense.
59) 38) text: We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away.
59) 40) text: Apollo's a great fighter.
59) 49) dialog: (bellowing)
59) 51) dialog: (continuing) (approaching Rocky)
59) 52) text: Italian Stallion, I come over to tell you to be very smart an' after this fight donate what's gonna be left of your body to science, cause after this fight what's left won't fill a tuna fish can!... So beware, Mon Cher!!! Apollo turns to the cameras... Rocky is speechless.
59) 53) dialog: (continuing)
59) 55) dialog: (continuing)
59) 60) dialog: Now some ya'll ain't much on likin' me, but ya gotta admit Apollo Creed is one DAMN generous, 100% pure, government inspected, Afro-American Folk Hero!!! Everyone laughs... Dipper moves across the room like a la snake.  He brushes people aside and steps behind Rocky. nudges him... Rocky thinks it is an accident and ignores Dipper pushes harder and Rocky looks questioningly at him
59) 62) text: Ya nothin', Boy! Apollo stops his sales pitch in mid-sentence... The television crew faces Dipper.
59) 94) text: ... Kiss 'em. Rocky looks at Mickey, then lowers his eyes to Dipper's feet... Dipper smiles.  Rocky starts to bend towards the shoes.  Without warning, he explodes with a pair of combinations into Dipper's exposed ribs.  A CRACK is HEAR and Dipper sinks to the floor writhing in pain... The roo is silent except for Dipper's moaning. Apollo is stunned by the scene.  The gym has become a ver gloomy place.  He eyes Rocky with admiration and a hint o apprehension... He leaves.
66) 0) text: Apollo sits behind Jergens' desk.  Jergens is not present Four middle-aged and younger types and Creed's lawyer sit around the desk.  The desk is flowing with forms and char
66) 1) dialog: How much is being channeled into West Coast closed-circuit advertising?
66) 3) dialog: Make it four hundred an' fifty. (to younger man)
66) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'd like to get Canada -- see, if we can get a tax break -- Gimme the figures on the Program Concession. Meanwhile, the trainer sits across the room in a darkened corner looking at a small television.  He is watching Rocky's bloody exhibition on the news... He waves at Apollo.
66) 10) text: Apollo, you oughta come see this boy you're gonna fight on TV -- looks like he means business. Apollo is still engrossed in his paperwork.
66) 11) dialog: I mean business, too -- (to men)
69) 0) text: Mickey is in his cluttered office above the gym... the ro is dark.  Blankets are tacked over the windows.  Rocky is watching 8 mm movies of Apollo Creed in action... Rocky watches with intense concentration as the fighter moves l a huge dancer around the ring.
82) 0) text: The office clock indicates it is several hours later.  Ro is engrossed in watching another Apollo Creed film.  He s motionless. Rocky sits upright.  Something catches his eyes... He springs at the projector.  He reruns the scene several ti
83) 0) text: Several hours later Rocky is engrossed in watching anothe Apollo Creed film... He sits motionless.  Something catch his eye.  Rocky stops the projector as Apollo is deliveri a knockout blow to an unfortunate opponent. Rocky moves right up to freeze frame and inspects it like was a priceless painting... He backs off and begins writi on a note pad.
88) 0) text: Apollo Creed sits in his dressing room... It is dead sile except for some NOISE that filters under the door from th arena.
89) 0) text: The atmosphere is identical to Apollo's dressing room. Adrian watches in silence as Mike wraps Rocky's hand. Again, the most pronounced SOUND is the RASPING of the adhesive tape.
90) 0) text: Apollo's other hand is being wrapped.  Dead silence excep for the TAPE and APOLLO'S BREATHING.
92) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of drops being placed in his nose to help increa his intake of oxygen.  The tremendously magnified SOUND o APOLLO TAKING IN AIR.
96) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of Apollo's trainer digging his fingers deeply i the thick neck muscles of Apollo's upper back and neck.
98) 0) text: Apollo's trainer slips a mouthpiece into Apollo's mouth. Apollo shakes his head and the trainer removes it and pla another one in the champ's mouth... Creed nods yes.
101) 6) text: A wedge of uniformed guards knife down the aisle to the r Many people wish Rocky well as he passes... people also h insults.  From the expression on Mickey's face it is also the greatest night of his life.  In the audience are fami faces from the gym.  From the back of the arena a ROAR go up... Apollo Creed is in a mock boat dressed like George Washington.  He throws silver dollars.  The NOISE builds DEAFENING proportions.  Creed's trainer holds the rope an Creed bounds into the ring.  He tears off the Washington outfit and it is clearly SEEN that Apollo Creed is garbed an outrageous Uncle Sam outfit... On his head is a red, white and blue sequined top hat.  The robe is sequined re white and blue.  His boxing trunks are red, white and blu silk with stars around the waistband.  The boxing shoes match the trunks.  On his chin is a pointed white Uncle S beard.
101) 11) dialog: I want you!  I want you! The crowd loves the taunting.  Apollo Creed floats back t his corner.
101) 45) text: The REFEREE motions to both fighters... They step to the center of the ring.  As the Referee explains the rules Apollo and Rocky stare hard into each other's eyes... The Referee's voice fades and the fighters' expressions fill screen... Something soulful and frightening is being communicated.
101) 59) dialog: ... Come at me, sucker! Rocky charges and a terrific right crashes against Apollo chin, followed by an uppercut to the liver that causes Cr to cringe...
101) 68) dialog: (to Trainer)
101) 71) dialog: I'll carry him 'till the third.
101) 73) text: The BELL for the second round RINGS... Rocky rushes out f and furious.  Apollo melts out a left hook that raises a goose egg over Rocky's eye... Apollo employs footwork tha dazzles Rocky.  He has class.  He studies Rocky and emplo his lightning jab with cutting accuracy. Still Rocky shuf ahead, bombarding Creed's midsection with hooks.
101) 76) text: The round ends with Apollo assaulting Rocky with blinding combinations and delivering a stupendous right cross that flings Rocky into the ropes and shatters his nose... The round ends.
101) 77) text: Apollo stands in his corner and jokes with the fans, but is beginning to show the strain from the body punches.
101) 78) dialog: Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
101) 91) text: Round three... Apollo comes out dancing.  He skips and si steps Rocky's sledgehammer hooks.  An expert ring general Apollo uses the ring fully.  Rocky keeps tearing in and Creed meets the bombing attack that cause thick swelling. Near the end of the round Rocky fires a penetrating punch the heart.
101) 102) text: The BELL SOUNDS.  Apollo's corner works frantically to cl the wound... The ring DOCTOR inspects the cut.
101) 105) dialog: (staring at Rocky)
101) 108) dialog: He got lucky.
106) 0) text: The men are fighting with appalling tenacity.  Rocky rips and tears into the body... Apollo counters with a ceasele stream of rapier-like lefts... The Challenger is seriousl outclassed.
106) 1) dialog: C'mon -- Lemme cut yo'! Rocky wades in and Creed employs incredible footwork.  He sets himself and cuts loose with a thunderbolt right cros to Rocky's already broken nose.  Blood sprays from the wo and red droplets drip from his chin... Rocky takes a merciless beating and is staggered by a torrent of combinations.  Rocky's eyes are closed.  But Creed cannot drop him... The BELL RINGS.
106) 9) text: Apollo's corner is in turmoil... The Champion is definite hurt.
106) 10) dialog: My side.
106) 13) dialog: No doctor!
106) 15) dialog: No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro!
106) 25) text: The BELL RINGS for round fourteen.  Rocky bores in close, but Apollo still has spring in his legs.  He seems determ to end it this round... Apollo catches Rocky flush on the jaw.  Rocky is staggered.  Like a wolf, Apollo cuts loose with pure savagery.  Rocky is driven against the ropes an receives a devastating beating from the Champion... Rocky dropped. Rocky sits stunned in the middle of the ring... Everythin is a distortion.  He looks for familiar faces as though t ask for help... Mickey and Mike scream frantically for hi to stay down.
106) 29) text: The BELL RINGS.  Apollo's men rush out and guide him to h corner.
106) 30) dialog: ... Ribs broke -- Blood trickles from the corner of Apollo's mouth.  The Trainer feels the ribs.
106) 32) dialog: One more round.
106) 34) dialog: ... Stop jivin'!
106) 36) dialog: ... Thanks.
106) 50) text: The BELL RINGS... Apollo moves cautiously out of his corn and circles to Rocky's right.
106) 57) text: Apollo feints and Rocky falls for it.  The Champion unlea a lethal blow to the side of the head that jolts Rocky's mouthpiece into the second row... Rocky sags against the ropes in a crucified position... The insane crowd leaps t their feet.
106) 58) text: Rocky's bloody teeth snarl at Apollo and he waves him to come ahead and fight toe to toe... Apollo obliges with a weary but effective burst of rights and lefts that have K written on every punch.  Rocky counters the assault blow blow.
106) 71) dialog: ... Ain't gonna be no rematch.
106) 77) text: Apollo did not expect this and tenses.  His corner nervou tries to reassure him.  It does no good.
106) 83) text: Apollo is rigid.  Fear radiates from his eyes.  To lose t crown on this night after the fight he fought would kill him... A silence has blanketed the arena.
106) 89) text: Apollo climbs out of the ring and the fans crush forward screaming his name and waving red, white and blue banners
106) 91) text: They shove the police aside and clutch wildly at Creed. Creed's army of bodyguards swing angrily at the crowd but they are soon engulfed by screaming waves of humanity. Apollo is suddenly hoisted into the air and is being carr along by a legion of fans.
106) 94) text: On the opposite aisle Rocky is experiencing the same overwhelming adulation by his fans but does not seem to b frightened by it, like Apollo.  Mickey tries his best to control things but his voice is drowned out in the growin clamor.  The fans shove the guards aside and hoist Rocky their shoulders.
106) 95) text: Rocky's and Apollo's fans are aggressively competing agai each other... chanting, 'Creed, Creed, Creed.' Rocky's fans counter by bellowing, 'Rocky, Rocky, Rocky.'
106) 97) text: Both Rocky and Apollo are completely at the mercy of the crowd.  They are being passed overhead and remain helples as their bodies float up the aisle on the sea of hands... The CHANTING IS DEAFENING.