0) 2) dialog: (to cornerman)
1) 0) text: Rocky has nearly completed dressing and reaches into his locker for his hat... Also in the dingy room are ten othe fighters... Two taped fighters talk shop in the corner.
1) 8) text: ... Twenty bucks for the locker an' cornerman -- Two bucks for the towel an' shower, seven for tax -- The house owes ya, sixty-one dollars. The man peels off the money and departs... Rocky closes h locker, nods to the defeated fighter, and leaves.
2) 2) text: I'm a fighter.
14) 0) text: Gazzo drives off and Rocky strolls across the street to Goldmill's Gym.  On the way he passes several familiar people and exchanges waves... Out front is a young Irishm who runs a soft pretzel stand... His name is RUDY.  It is apparent from his face he was a prize fighter... He is bl and mentally defective.
16) 11) dialog: ...Hey, Peanut, gimme some soap, Man.
16) 14) dialog: Peanut, gimme some soap. The fighters laugh.  Inflamed, Mike removes a bar of soap from his pocket and hurls it at the insulting fighter.  I hits just above the man's head.  The fighters are shocked into silence. Mike turns and exits with Rocky... The fighters curse the loudly in Spanish.
17) 0) text: Rocky and Mike move past fighters going through their training routines.
24) 26) text: Where are the real fighters? The pros.  Today we jig clowns.
55) 0) text: The sky is beginning to lighten.  The fighter now runs al the piers and past anchored freighters.
59) 17) text: Autographs!  Ya wanna be a writer or a fighter?  Let's work. Mike looks off across the gym.
59) 36) dialog: Readin' fuckin' history books, man! The gym explodes with laughter.
59) 40) text: Apollo's a great fighter.
59) 85) text: See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- Dipper suddenly steps forward and slaps Rocky very hard across the side of the head... The gym becomes stone cold Dipper is in total command and enjoying every moment of i
69) 0) text: Mickey is in his cluttered office above the gym... the ro is dark.  Blankets are tacked over the windows.  Rocky is watching 8 mm movies of Apollo Creed in action... Rocky watches with intense concentration as the fighter moves l a huge dancer around the ring.
69) 3) text: See how he plays sometimes -- Drives his cornermen nuts. Nobody knows his next move -- Him included. They watch more action... Creed has a fighter helpless against the ropes.
69) 7) text: Rocky, when ya climb into the square, an' know ya' meetin' the best fighter in the world, ya' gonna be ready, ya' gonna be ready 'cause I been waitin' for fifty years -- Fifty years. When I'm done with you, you'll gonna be able to spit nails.
101) 45) text: The REFEREE motions to both fighters... They step to the center of the ring.  As the Referee explains the rules Apollo and Rocky stare hard into each other's eyes... The Referee's voice fades and the fighters' expressions fill screen... Something soulful and frightening is being communicated.
106) 51) text: The Commentators stare unansweringly at the fighters.
106) 61) text: Gimme ya best!!! Blood sprays over the ropes and onto the ringside photographers... They are horrified and wipe away the blo The fighters stand toe to toe and drag every remaining bi of strength from their souls and beat each other without mercy.  They look hypnotized and have entered a dimension far beyond blood and pain.