16) 6) text: ... These ain't my pictures. A short powerful man of thirty-five enters.  His hair loo like it has been shaped with hedge clippers.  His name is MIKE.
16) 8) dialog: It ain't your locker no more.
16) 10) dialog: Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there. Rocky looks at his belongings crammed in a wilted shoppin bag and follows Mike across the room... Mike leans his he into the shower room.  Two Latin fighters are lathering u
16) 12) dialog: (irate)
17) 0) text: Rocky and Mike move past fighters going through their training routines.
17) 2) dialog: Yeah -- See the fight last night?  Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad.
18) 51) text: ...I think I'm gonna take a steam -- Shoulda seen me fight -- Did good, y'know. Mickey leans over to Mike who approaches with a mop and p
39) 0) text: Rocky climbs the stairs and enters the gym... ... In a matter of seconds, his presence is known and the athletes stare in wonderment... The big black heavyweight contender, Dipper, throws down his towel in disgust and turns away. Mike quietly approaches Rocky.
39) 1) dialog: Hey, Rock -- What happened?
59) 4) text: Stop!  Stop!  I can't stand it! It's clumsy.  You're off balance. He motions to his bullish helper, Mike.  He hands him the string.
59) 9) dialog: You'll be a very dangerous person. Two young boys in street clothes interrupt Mickey.
59) 17) text: Autographs!  Ya wanna be a writer or a fighter?  Let's work. Mike looks off across the gym.
59) 18) dialog: ... we got visitors. Mickey strains his eyes to see a group of REPORTERS and N CAMERAMEN entering his gym.
59) 80) text: Man, yo' best keep them cameras out!  Fight me, boy! Let Creed here see the kind of punk he's fightin'! Mike forces his way through the crowd and stands behind R
59) 81) dialog: Don't chance it, man -- He's sick.
59) 90) text: Let's take a walk, Rock. Please, don't take a chance. He wants to hurt you so you can't fight. Rocky swallows his pride.  He still has the string around his ankles.  He starts to shuffle away with Mickey... Dip steps forward and viciously slaps Rocky again. Mike jumps forward.
59) 91) dialog: Why you tryin' to cut 'im, man! Back off, scumbag, or I'll bite your face! Dipper cuts loose with a hook and knocks Mike flat.  The room reeks of fear... Apollo's eyes flick back and forth between Rocky and Dipper.  Apollo taps his bodyguards and they begin to ease away.
72) 0) text: Pushups between two chairs as Mike sits on his shoulders. Mickey coaching drives him on.
73) 0) text: Mike has on a pair of target gloves and Rocky moves aroun the ring swinging at them.
89) 0) text: The atmosphere is identical to Apollo's dressing room. Adrian watches in silence as Mike wraps Rocky's hand. Again, the most pronounced SOUND is the RASPING of the adhesive tape.
97) 0) text: CLOSE-UP OF Mike's arms wrapped around Rocky's waist and lifting his diaphragm up... Magnified BREATHING ROARS fro the screen.
100) 0) text: Rocky, Mickey and Mike start down the long hallway... Up ahead are three security guards... Rocky rubs his bare shoulders.
100) 3) text: Mike helps him into the robe... Mickey is not amused.
101) 56) text: Rocky suddenly explodes with an upswing hook to the jaw. Creed is dropped.  The arena EXPLODES.  Creed's eyes show disbelief.  So do Rocky's. Rocky backs into his corner... Mickey and Mike yell at hi
101) 119) dialog: Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam.
106) 20) dialog: No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more.
106) 25) text: The BELL RINGS for round fourteen.  Rocky bores in close, but Apollo still has spring in his legs.  He seems determ to end it this round... Apollo catches Rocky flush on the jaw.  Rocky is staggered.  Like a wolf, Apollo cuts loose with pure savagery.  Rocky is driven against the ropes an receives a devastating beating from the Champion... Rocky dropped. Rocky sits stunned in the middle of the ring... Everythin is a distortion.  He looks for familiar faces as though t ask for help... Mickey and Mike scream frantically for hi to stay down.
106) 46) dialog: Ya gave it ya best shot!