1) 0) text: A black signboard at the edge of the stage reads ETON AND in white Art Deco type. A piano plays. The voice of RUTH begins warbling the verse of "If I Could Be With You (One To-Night)" a pop tune by Henry Creamer and Jimmy Johnson. We PAN from the signboard, across the stage, past Ruth's accompanist EDDIE FARRELL, and HOLD ON Ruth, a sad-eyed j singer in a sexy black dress who stands in front of the g piano, a scarf in her hand.
1) 3) dialog: (sings) If I was free to do the things with you If I could do the things I know I'd do I'm telling you true I'd be anything but blue If I could be with you Ruth takes the second refrain in a faster, rhythmically c tempo.
3) 0) text: Ruth plays piano and looks admiringly at Eddie who, with the piano bench, stands next to her, singing a line from Waltz," a ballad by Al Dubin and Joe Burke:
3) 1) dialog: (sings) Kiss me, sweetheart
3) 3) dialog: Oh, say, honey, you're great to work with me like this. But I don't kid myself. I know you don't need me.
3) 5) dialog: On the level? Say, if ever I do get anywhere
3) 7) dialog: Well ... you figure it out.
3) 9) dialog: Oh ho. That sounds like a music cue, doesn't it?
3) 11) dialog: (sings) This waltz is the Kiss Waltz (rises and sings as if onstage) Telling us both what to do
4) 0) text: Eddie, in a tuxedo, stands onstage with Ruth beside him l proudly as he completes the song:
4) 1) dialog: (sings) Kiss me, sweetheart, kiss me While I dance the Kiss Waltz with you Eddie bows twice to the audience's APPLAUSE, then turns t They exchange bows.
4) 3) text: Ruth and Eddie exit out the Stage Door. A crowd of young push past Ruth to get to Eddie and surround him, chatteri excitedly. Agents Jim and Saul arrive from the opposite d from the girls and stare at the scene. Eddie signs autographs and chats with his adoring fans wh bemused Ruth shakes her head and walks away.
4) 7) dialog: Hello, Saul!
4) 9) dialog: Hello, Jim!
4) 12) dialog: Yeah?
4) 16) dialog: They don't want Ruth?
4) 18) dialog: Well, what'll I do with her?
4) 20) dialog: Well, she's got to live.
4) 22) dialog: (almost persuaded) Well, I guess that could be arranged.
4) 24) dialog: (convinced) Well, I guess you're right. You know, I've always wanted to be with that-- The three men start talking simultaneously as they walk o
5) 0) text: Ruth opens the doors to her kitchen and turns to see a fr photo of Eddie on a table beside her chair in the living sits in the chair, picks up the photo, stares at it a mom it down, then turns away sadly, burying her head in her s Ruth's roommate MARGE enters, carrying packages.
6) 20) dialog: 
7) 0) text: A full house. The orchestra leader conducts the rousing F The music stops as the show's tuxedoed MASTER OF CEREMONI onstage. THE M.C. Ladies and gentlemen. We have waited as long as possible. I regret very much to announce that all the stars to appear, none have shown up. Your money will be refunded at the box office. However, before you go, I wish to state that we have with us tonight a very unexpected guest performer. A girl none of us can forget. Eddie Farrell's old partner, Miss Ruth Eton. The audience APPLAUDS. THE M.C. Thank you. The M.C. turns and beckons to Ruth offstage. THE M.C. Oh, Ruthie? (to the audience) Miss Eton. MUSIC begins, lights go down, the M.C. retreats. Ruth, dressed in ordinary street clothes, walks to center her head down, her purse and gloves in her hand. She paus out at the audience sadly ... and sings the verse and one of the torch song "Don't Tell Him What Happened To Me" (b De Sylva, Lew Brown and Ray Henderson) in one long glorio
7) 10) dialog: Yes, it's me. They stand alone in the darkened backstage with the one l glowing between them.
7) 12) dialog: (genuinely) Yes, I had to see you. As much as you must hate me for the way I've treated you. But I got what was coming to me. And I see now that I deserved it. Those fair-weather friends of mine certainly put the skids under me plenty. Just think of it. Not one of them showed up. Gee, Ruth, you were great. Ruth can't meet his eye.
7) 13) dialog: (lightly) I used to play the piano pretty well in your act. Didn't I? I mean, as piano players go. Well, maybe ... maybe I could come back. Ruth looks straight at him.
7) 14) dialog: Farrell's the name. He offers his hand. She takes it.
7) 16) dialog: Can I bring the ring?
7) 18) dialog: We're two-thirds married now, aren't we?
7) 20) dialog: Well, I'm willing, the preacher's willing He doesn't need to finish. Ruth grins and puts her head t shoulder. Eddie embraces her. We hear a jaunty version of Could Be With You" as we