1) 0) text: A black signboard at the edge of the stage reads ETON AND in white Art Deco type. A piano plays. The voice of RUTH begins warbling the verse of "If I Could Be With You (One To-Night)" a pop tune by Henry Creamer and Jimmy Johnson. We PAN from the signboard, across the stage, past Ruth's accompanist EDDIE FARRELL, and HOLD ON Ruth, a sad-eyed j singer in a sexy black dress who stands in front of the g piano, a scarf in her hand.
1) 1) dialog: (sings) I'm so blue I don't know what to do All day through I'm pining just for you I did wrong when I let you go away And now I grieve about you night and day I'm unhappy and dissatisfied But I'd be happy if I had you by my side... As Ruth begins the refrain, an unseen orchestra joins in.
1) 2) dialog: (sings) If I could be with you I'd love you strong If I could be with you I'd love you long I want you to know that I wouldn't go Until I told you, honey, that I loved you so Eddie sings the second half of the refrain, not nearly as Ruth.
1) 4) dialog: (sings) If I could be with you I'd love you strong If I could be with you I'd love you long I want you to know that I wouldn't go Until I told you, honey, that I loved you so If I could be with you one hour tonight If I was free to do the things I might I'm telling you I'd be anything but blue If I could be with you For just one hour If I could be with you Ruth bows to the audience as they APPLAUD. She gestures t who rises and bows.
2) 0) text: Ruth's agents enter the room looking for her: Tall Anglo- and heavily-accented Jewish cigar-smoker SAUL. Ruth is ou changing clothes behind a screen.
2) 8) dialog: Hello, boys!
2) 10) dialog: To what do I owe the honor of this visit? Unwrap the bad news.
2) 13) dialog: All right, all right. Let's have the "put--"
2) 15) dialog: Well, because what -- ?
2) 17) dialog: They don't want Eddie?
2) 19) dialog: Well, what's the matter with him? Why don't they want him?
2) 21) dialog: (upset) Well, if they don't want Eddie Farrell, they can't have me. She retreats to her dressing table and sits, fixing her h powdering her nose. The agents follow and stand on either her.
2) 24) dialog: You don't understand. I couldn't break with Eddie.
2) 26) dialog: Oh, I know Eddie's no wonder but he's young and he'll develop.
2) 27) text: Sure, he'll develop lockjaw the way he tries to sing. The agents walk off in disgust. Ruth rises and confronts while Jim takes a seat.
2) 28) dialog: Please, Saul, listen. I can talk to you as a friend. Let us lay off a couple of months. I'm working with Eddie. I'll give him poise and polish and I'll show him how to wear clothes.
2) 30) dialog: Aw, he has the makings. I'll teach him how to sell a song and all you have to do is to book us into the Strand and have the office catch the act.
2) 33) dialog: Say, Saul, with your drag up in that office, you won't have any trouble stalling them off a few months. Tell 'em -- aw, tell ‘em my health's bad. Tell them anything. (voice breaking) I don't care anything about the money. I want Eddie to come through and I know he can do it.
2) 35) dialog: A few months. What's the difference?
3) 0) text: Ruth plays piano and looks admiringly at Eddie who, with the piano bench, stands next to her, singing a line from Waltz," a ballad by Al Dubin and Joe Burke:
3) 2) dialog: (stops playing) Oh, that's much better, darling. But when you sing the word "sweetheart" open your mouth. Don't sing through your nose. And try this little slur of mine: (sings and plays) Ki-iss me, swee-ee-eetheart (speaks) Now, you try it. But Eddie grabs her hands lovingly and sits beside her on bench.
3) 4) dialog: Don't need you? Why, I wouldn't go on without you. And if you ask me, you're getting along wonderful.
3) 6) dialog: Well, what?
3) 8) dialog: Well, as long as I have you by my side, I'm happy.
3) 10) dialog: It is. She begins to play.
4) 0) text: Eddie, in a tuxedo, stands onstage with Ruth beside him l proudly as he completes the song:
4) 3) text: Ruth and Eddie exit out the Stage Door. A crowd of young push past Ruth to get to Eddie and surround him, chatteri excitedly. Agents Jim and Saul arrive from the opposite d from the girls and stare at the scene. Eddie signs autographs and chats with his adoring fans wh bemused Ruth shakes her head and walks away.
5) 0) text: Ruth opens the doors to her kitchen and turns to see a fr photo of Eddie on a table beside her chair in the living sits in the chair, picks up the photo, stares at it a mom it down, then turns away sadly, burying her head in her s Ruth's roommate MARGE enters, carrying packages.
5) 2) dialog: (tries to get a grip) Hello, Marge. Marge puts the packages in the kitchen and returns to the to discard her purse, hat and coat. Marge is a low-paid, cracking chorus girl, always on the lookout for a man or
5) 4) dialog: (laughs) Gee, I wish I had your disposition. What are all the bundles?
5) 6) dialog: Fix something for yourself. I'm not hungry.
5) 8) dialog: (takes photo and stares at it) Aw, Eddie was all right until success went to his head.
5) 10) dialog: Somehow I - I just can't work without him. Ruth puts the photo back.
5) 12) dialog: (faint grin, head down) Aw, I'll get over it, I guess.
5) 14) dialog: That's all right when you're playing with numbers. But when you've just got one who's ... been everything to you.
5) 16) dialog: Well, I feel worse. And think how hard I worked with him. That's gratitude.
5) 18) dialog: And this is the thanks I get for it.
5) 20) dialog: (chuckles) It's the woman who pays. Marge brings a coffee pot to the table and sits.
5) 22) dialog: Well, I just can't get him out of my mind.
5) 24) dialog: Well, I'm not drowning yet.
5) 26) dialog: Maybe it would be better if I tried to forget him.
5) 28) dialog: Will you help me?
5) 31) dialog: Mmmm. It does smell good. Ruth moves closer to the table, puts a napkin in her lap, her tea, etc.
5) 33) dialog: (laughs) I believe you will help me to forget him after all.
7) 0) text: A full house. The orchestra leader conducts the rousing F The music stops as the show's tuxedoed MASTER OF CEREMONI onstage. THE M.C. Ladies and gentlemen. We have waited as long as possible. I regret very much to announce that all the stars to appear, none have shown up. Your money will be refunded at the box office. However, before you go, I wish to state that we have with us tonight a very unexpected guest performer. A girl none of us can forget. Eddie Farrell's old partner, Miss Ruth Eton. The audience APPLAUDS. THE M.C. Thank you. The M.C. turns and beckons to Ruth offstage. THE M.C. Oh, Ruthie? (to the audience) Miss Eton. MUSIC begins, lights go down, the M.C. retreats. Ruth, dressed in ordinary street clothes, walks to center her head down, her purse and gloves in her hand. She paus out at the audience sadly ... and sings the verse and one of the torch song "Don't Tell Him What Happened To Me" (b De Sylva, Lew Brown and Ray Henderson) in one long glorio
7) 3) dialog: (sings) I loved him, I lost him He craved a thrill I can't forget him I love him still It's over, all over And yet I find That he's always on my mind Tell me where he is, tell me where he goes Tell me what he does, tell me who he knows But don't tell him what happened to me If he says his life now is like a song Tell him he was right, tell him I was wrong But don't tell him what happened to me Let him remember me As I used to be When his love for me Made me strong and free Ask him if the new kisses are divine Ask him if they thrill just as much as mine But don't tell him what happened to me EDDIE watching from the wings. He clutches his laryngitic and expresses guilt and remorse. ON RUTH as she sings another half refrain of the song:
7) 4) dialog: (sings, clutches her purse) Let him remember me As I used to be When his love for me Made me strong and free I wonder if the new kisses are divine I wonder if they thrill just as much as mine Oh, don't tell him what happened to me The MUSIC ends. Ruth, head bowed, walks off. The audience and rises -- whether to begin a standing ovation or to go not entirely clear.
7) 6) text: It's dark. A single stage lamp provides all the illuminat IRISHMAN, in overalls, sweeps the floor with a broom as a emotionally-drained Ruth walks past.
7) 8) dialog: (listlessly) Good night. The Irishman walks off as Eddie, hat in hand, emerges fro curtains and steps in Ruth's path. She pauses, looks up, recognizes him.
7) 9) dialog: Oh.
7) 11) dialog: Hello, Eddie.
7) 15) dialog: Come up tomorrow for an audition? Relieved, Eddie holds her hand in both of his.
7) 17) dialog: What ring?
7) 19) dialog: What do you mean?