14) 0) text: Dinner. Rick, Patsy, Lynetta, Bryce and Patsy’s father Ch Chet is not saying anything.
37) 0) text: The half-carton of eggs is on the table. Everyone is havi a kind of informal breakfast -- Bryce, Lynetta (whose mak from the night before is sort of running from her eyes), Patsy, Rick and Chet. Chet is reading the newspaper. flippedidmay21 28.
37) 21) dialog: As with all birds, there has to be mating for fertilization to occur. (continued) flippedidmay21 30. Chet is speaking. Everyone is riveted. CHET (CONT’D) Although it’s not particularly romantic. The rooster picks a hen, usually on the basis of proximity, grabs her by the back of the head, climbs on her back, and you can pretty much figure out the rest. The whole thing takes about 15 seconds give or take, and as far as anyone can tell, the only satisfying thing about the encounter as far as the hen is concerned is that afterwards she fluffs up her feathers. (beat) In any case, there are no roosters at the Bakers, I will swear to it. If there were roosters, we would know. You can hear roosters.
37) 23) dialog: Exactly.
38) 0) text: Rick and Bryce are putting golf balls. Chet is on the bac porch.
38) 3) dialog: (from the porch) They have no rooster.
41) 18) dialog: Nothing. Chet looks back down at his plate.
52) 0) text: Chet Duncan is sitting on the front porch, reading the pa We hear the sound of a siren. Chet looks up. As he does, two police cars pass, then a fire engine. Chet stands. A LOCAL NEWS TRUCK passes. Chet walks out to the street and starts walking. As he walks, Trina hurries past him.
53) 0) text: Chet among a crowd of neighbors, firemen, newsmen, news trucks, the workmen. Trina is on her cellphone, trying to reach her husband.
56) 0) text: A truck pulls up, delivering pizza. The crowd is bigger. Chet is still there, as is Trina. A florid man in an expensive suit -- the OWNER of the property -- gets out and begins conferring with police. LONG SHOT OF JULI, fierce and brave and defiant, at the t of the sycamore. Trina, once again on the cellphone.
62) 0) text: There’s a huge cherry picker next to the tree and the che picker-operator is guiding the top of the vehicle. EXT. TOP OF THE TREE —- CONTINUOUS Robert Baker is up in the cherry picker, talking to Juli, who’s eating a sandwich he’s apparently brought up with h Chet watches from below.
67) 0) text: As Chet sits in his rocker, reading the newspaper. Bryce comes outside, sits down next to his grandfather. The two of them sit there.
67) 1) dialog: Did you read this? We see now a picture of Juli on the front page of the newspaper, with a huge picture of the sycamore tree and a headline: A LOCAL GIRL’S FIGHT FOR A SYCAMORE TREE.
67) 3) dialog: A girl like that doesn’t live across the street from everyone.
67) 5) dialog: Most people are mixtures of things. (he hands him the newspaper ) Read this. Without prejudice. Bryce takes the newspaper. He’s irritated. He stands goes into the house. up and flippedidmay21 49. INT. BRYCE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT As Bryce comes into his bedroom carrying the newspaper. H stuffs it into the bottom drawer of his desk. Throws himself on the bed.
82) 0) text: Through the window, we see Chet watching the two of them. He’s obviously overheard the conversation. As Bryce starts back to the house, he sees Chet watching. Chet vanishes from the window.
87) 0) text: As Chet sees Bryce in the window, looking out at them. Ch waves at Bryce.
87) 1) dialog: Hey, there -- Juli looks up, just in time to see: EXT. BRYCE’S BEDROOM WINDOW - CONTINUOUS As Bryce disappears out of sight, mortified. flippedidmay21 63. EXT. BRYCE’S HOUSE - ANOTHER DAY A taxi pulls up. Bryce’s father RICK gets out with a suitcase and his golf clubs. He notices Chet and Juli working across the street. Walks into the house.
88) 0) text: Dinner time. Rick, Patsy, Lynetta, Bryce and Chet. Chet i eating heartily.
88) 1) dialog: Patsy, this is delicious.
88) 10) dialog: Pass the salt, will you Patsy?
88) 14) dialog: She wants to, is all. Chet again looks over at Bryce and then goes back to eati Bryce, relieved, wipes his face with a napkin. INT. BRYCE’S BEDROOM - LATER In the bedroom is his camp trunk, about half-packed. His grandfather comes into the room. Bryce comes out of the closet, with some tee shirts to pa
88) 15) dialog: Hey. flippedidmay21 65.
88) 18) dialog: She reminds me of your grandmother.
88) 20) dialog: Your character is set at an early age, Bryce. The choices you make now will affect you for the rest of your life.
88) 22) dialog: Don’t yes-sir me.
88) 24) dialog: Here. Everyone needs a little money to get through camp. He hands Bryce some money. Bryce is stunned, looks at the money.
88) 26) dialog: The next time you’re faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run. He leaves.
94) 0) text: Juli and Chet are planting tulip bulbs in the garden. Dav counts them. Mrs. Stueby turns up from next door with a t of lemonade for everyone and a big smile for Chet.
111) 0) text: Rick, Patsy, Bryce, Lynetta and Chet stare out the window Their POV:
112) 0) text: The whole place is lit up. The front lawn, bushes, fence, doors, windows -- twinkle lights galore, wrapped around everything. ON THE LOSKIS, STARING. On Chet starting to smile.
112) 4) dialog: I think it’s just a big welcome home for Bryce. Chet and Bryce look at each other. flippedidmay21 74.
115) 0) text: Dinner. Rick, Patsy, Lynetta, Bryce and Chet.
116) 3) dialog: Worse things have happened.
116) 5) dialog: I have, haven’t I? She reminds me of Renee.
116) 8) dialog: Her spirit reminds me of Renee.
116) 25) dialog: You know why the Bakers haven’t fixed up the yard until now? flippedidmay21 80.
116) 27) dialog: Juli's father has a retarded brother.
116) 29) dialog: David. At Greenhaven.
116) 31) dialog: And it’s very expensive to keep him there --
116) 37) dialog: Want to take a walk?
117) 0) text: As Chet and Bryce walk down the street. A beautiful fall night. We hear the sound of an owl.
117) 1) dialog: That is the Western screech owl. Chet imitates the sound. The Western screech owl makes its cry again.
117) 3) dialog: No big deal. I learned it all when I was a kid. Your mother knows all the bird sounds. They pass tree used They stop They look flippedidmay21 82.
117) 5) dialog: Well she used to, anyway. No telling what she knows now. the house under construction where the sycamore to be. and Chet looks up into the night.
117) 6) dialog: Must have been a spectacular view. up at the starry night sky.
117) 8) dialog: Yep. I do. You probably know the Big Dipper. End of story.
117) 10) dialog: The day they took the tree down. It scared me she was up so high. But after I read the article I understood why she did it. The tree’s gone, but she’s still got the spark it gave her. Know what I mean? They start on.
117) 12) dialog: I was engaged to be married to someone named Geraldine McCarthy, oh yes, they’d sent out the invitations and they even had one of those bridal showers deals, I remember someone gave us a big plate from Marshall Field with asparagus painted on it, that was the idea, you used the plate just for asparagus. God forbid you should put a string bean on it. Geraldine got so angry at me when I broke off the engagement and she had to return all the presents including the asparagus plate, but I couldn’t help myself because I’d met Renee and I couldn’t very well get married to anyone else once I did. Of course then I had to prove to Renee I was worthy of her because I'd wasted all that time with Miss Asparagus Plate.
117) 14) dialog: A grand gesture. I made a grand gesture. They come to a stop.
117) 15) dialog: Renee would have sat up in that tree all night long. (beat) Well. This is where I get off. Bryce looks around.
117) 17) dialog: I promised Susannah I’d drop by for some coffee.
117) 19) dialog: Don’t wait up. flippedidmay21 84. Chet starts toward Mrs. Stueby’s, leaving Bryce. Bryce is floored. Chet rings the doorbell at Mrs. Stueby’s and Bryce starts home.
129) 0) text: As Chet opens the front door. Bryce is scrambling downstairs, still buttoning his shirt Patsy is behind him. Matt and Mike walk in the door. High-fives.
130) 0) text: ON BRYCE, by himself. Robert and Chet are talking about perpetual motion machin Juli is listening. Rick comes in with a tray of drinks, offers them around. flippedidmay21 92.
132) 3) dialog: You must write down the lyrics for me.
132) 16) dialog: Digital is weak, don’t you think? You lose too much of the waveform. Everyone stares at Chet.
133) 0) text: The Bakers are leaving. Matt and Mike are carrying home t left-over pie plates with some left-over pie. Lots of goo byes and hugs and thanks. Juli says goodbye to everyone. Chet gives her a big hug a then she’s faced with Bryce. They stare at each other.
135) 1) dialog: That was a delicious dinner, Patsy.
148) 2) dialog: Fine. Don’t tell me.
148) 4) dialog: You did?
148) 6) dialog: Maybe she thinks it’s all a little sudden.
148) 8) dialog: It’s not?
148) 10) dialog: Maybe you’re the one who’s different.
148) 12) dialog: Big problem.
148) 14) dialog: I gave her a key chain that said “I love Chet” on it.
148) 16) dialog: I am kidding. I did give her a key chain that said “I love Chet,” but that wasn’t the grand gesture. I made her a bookshelf. Renee loved books. She was a book-a- night girl. When you talked to her and she was reading, she didn’t hear a thing you said. And all her books were just stacked up everywhere, or on terrible shelves made of raw planks and bricks. So I took a class, and I learned all about dowels --
148) 18) dialog: And I made her a bookshelf with not one nail in it. It was pine. I knew what I had to do. The idea popped into my head in a second and I couldn’t believe it took even a second, it was so obvious. On Bryce. He knows what he has to do. EXT. JULI’S HOUSE - NIGHT Bryce shows up in Juli’s front yard with a shovel and sta digging.