3) 0) text: Claire makes her way past half-filled boxes and duffels t window, then pulls the curtains to reveal: A LOVELY, WOODED LAKE.  It couldn't be more picturesque. 24' SAILBOAT is moored at the dock and an OLD STONE LIGHTHOUSE sits on a point across the lake. The sunlight motivates an unconscious groan from A FIGURE still shrouded by covers. Claire sits beside the sleeping form.  She scans the room briefly, taking in a Greenpeace flag and a picture of a tomboyish ten year-old girl at camp. She gently pulls back the covers and peers down at the sa face, now a waifish, pretty seventeen year-old, with chop hair and tiny nose ring.  Claire leans over and inhales t sleeping scent of her only daughter, CAITLIN.  She places hand on a cheek.  The girl's eyelids flutter softly.
3) 3) dialog: (muffled) I'm totally ready. Claire glances around at the piles of unpacked clothes.
3) 5) dialog: Mother... Claire stands and instinctively scoops up some clothes fr the floor, then folds and neatly stacks them on a box. Caitlin turns her head sideways on the pillow.
3) 6) dialog: You're such a morning person. Claire turns at the door.
3) 8) dialog: Blueberries! Claire smiles as she closes the door behind her.
4) 0) text: Claire bends down to pick up one of Caitlin's socks.  Whe she stands, something catches her eye out a window.  She gazes down, transfixed.
5) 0) text: Claire peruses her "to do" list as Caitlin munches a pani
5) 3) dialog: Hey. Claire looks up from her little pad of paper.
5) 5) dialog: It's only two hours away.
5) 7) dialog: I'll come back all the time.
5) 9) dialog: I'm just saying, you're going to be fine. Claire smiles.
5) 12) dialog: Mother...
6) 1) dialog: (beat) Mom. Her eyes open.  Widen to reveal Claire, holding Caitlin o the college campus.  The URBAN SKYLINE looms in the background.
6) 2) dialog: I have'ta go. After a moment's hesitation, she releases her grip.  Cait glances over her shoulder to make sure no one's witnessed this overt display of maternal affection.
6) 3) dialog: I'll call you. Claire produces an ENVELOPE, which she presses into her daughter's hand.  It's a book of TRAIN TICKETS.
6) 7) dialog: Bye. ...then turns and makes her way toward the large, old Columbia dorm.  A banner is draped across its portals whi reads:
6) 10) text: Caitlin glancing back at Claire with an apprehensive smil
8) 0) text: Claire pushes open the door to Caitlin's room carrying an armful of FOLDED LAUNDRY.  She moves quickly to the burea not wanting to spend much time in here, then grabs a TINY BLACK TOP from the pile, and drops it into a drawer.  She just about to close it, when something catches her eye.
8) 1) text: She drops the laundry and slowly pulls a tattered, old JUILLIARD T-SHIRT with a very seventies logo from the dra Claire gazes around the room, which is a reliquary of Caitlin's recently concluded childhood; PICTURES, TROPHIE STUFFED ANIMALS. She brings the now faded T-shirt to her face and drinks i the smells.  She stares down at the word "Juilliard."
9) 0) text: "JUILLIARD"...now it's on the same T-shirt only Claire's wearing it and she's much younger.  It's an old photograp an album.  Younger Norman stands next to her in the shot, arm draped around her waist.  A CELLO CASE stands beside Claire glances around at several hastily unpacked boxes a sees propped in the corner...THE CELLO CASE.  She gazes a other photos. -- Claire in her wedding dress, Norman beside her in a tu with a very wide bow-tie. -- Claire and Norman in front of a UNIVERSITY BUILDING. tiny Caitlin rests on her hip. Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
59) 0) text: Claire stands outside Caitlin's Columbia dorm, watching y lives in motion.
61) 1) text: A shaggy trio of musicians on the stage, pumping through jangly, but surprisingly melodic song.  Her eyes race acr the faces of a BUTCH FEMALE DRUMMER, an emaciated GUITARIST/SINGER and stop on the BASS PLAYER...Caitlin. rocks back and forth to her own hypnotic bass line, EYES CLOSED, SWAYING TO THE MUSIC. Claire is transfixed, her face a mix of pride and sadness The song ends and Caitlin's eyes open.  She smiles for a moment, then the smile fades as she spots Claire.  Panick Claire ducks behind a pillar.
62) 3) dialog: Mom, I'm sorry.  I wanted to tell you. But it never felt right.
62) 5) dialog: I didn't want to bring up memories.  I didn't want to do anything that might make you regret your choices. Claire winces silently.
62) 6) dialog: Besides, Dad would have freaked.
62) 8) dialog: I think playing in a band called "Bitch" might put a dent in the whole "perfect family" thing.
62) 10) dialog: Yes it is.  Can we please not do that? Please?  Cause it is. Claire doesn't disagree.
62) 12) dialog: I know he does. Beat.  Claire studies her surprisingly strong daughter.
62) 13) dialog: Are you mad at me?
62) 16) dialog: So much.
62) 18) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 20) dialog: A ghost? Beat.  Claire stares at her daughter.
62) 22) dialog: No.  But once I heard...
62) 24) dialog: Someone crying.  A girl. (beat) I thought I was crazy.
110) 3) text: Don't worry about Caitlin.  I'm sure in some tragic way this'll bring us closer together. He turns on the faucets, then moves out of her line of vision.  Sound of a number being dialed. NORMAN (O.S.)
121) 3) text: Think of Caitlin... Water sprays in through the hole in the rear window and momentarily blinds Norman.  Claire jerks free and scrambl out of the driver's side window as the truck sinks. Just as she's free of the window, she jerks to a stop.  S looks down and sees Norman, half out of the window, one h clamped onto her ankle. There is a wrenching metallic creak.  The truck lurches downward...then silence.  IT DOESN'T SINK.  The boat buoy like a fishing cork as it drifts out into the lake. The headlights pierce the darkness of the steep underwate drop off.  Claire tries to swim free, but Norman's not letting go. Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trail It hurtles downwards and the still-glowing headlights reveal...