3) 15) dialog: You don't want to sit there. Cady looks at her. cANTS “ ~ Kristin Hadiey' 11 sit there to be next to her boyfriend. KRISTIN HADLEY a big thick athletic gizl about six feet t down. She immediately leans over and starts making out wi next to her who is very tiny and looks Like Oliver Twist. it hard. Cady watches in horror for a second, then moves to a fron
3) 16) dialog: Don't sit there. Cady looks at her.
3) 17) dialog: Do xen want to carry attendance sheets to the office every day? Cady moves to a third chair.
3) 18) dialog: No. Cady stops. Janis points to the guy in front of Cady. -
3) 19) dialog: He farts a lot. Cady looks at the guy. He looks like a guy who would fart She gets up and sits next to Janis.
3) 25) dialog: This is Damian. He's almost too gay to function. Damian smacks Janis across the back of the head.
3) 28) dialog: (immediately) Your mom’s pubic hair. MR. DUVALL, the African American 10th grade dean enters. around for the homeroom teacher.
3) 39) dialog: Where are you going first period? Cady refers to her computer printed roster. CADY. 10th Grade Health. Room Bl4.
3) 41) dialog: We’ll take you. INT. HALLWAY.- BEFORE FIRST PERIOD. DAMIAN and JANIS lead Cady through the crowded hall. ° DAMIAN Watch out, please. New meat coming through.
3) 46) dialog: It burned down in 1987. The late bell rings.
3) 58) dialog: How do you spell your name, Caddy?
3) 61) dialog: Spring Fling is not important.
3) 63) dialog: Damian, you’ve out-~gayed yourself. Damian sees a gym class trudging cut onto the field. DAMIAN . In the name of all that is holy. Look at Karen Smith's gym clothes. We see Karen Smith, 15, a tall stunning blonde with a vac expression. Her clothes consist cf the tiniest shorts eve forged by man, and a bandanna for a shirt. ~. il.
3) 65) dialog: z don’t know, Caddy. But I do know that Karen Smith is one of thé cumbest girls you will ever meet. Damian sat next to her in English last year.
3) 67) dialog: And see that little one next to her? That's Gretchen Wieners. She's rich as shit cause her Dad invented Toaster Strudel. c.U. of Gretchen's sniveling whiny face.
3) 71) dialog: What do you mean?
3) 73) dialog: Yes. What’s your question?
3) 75) dialog: They're Rlastic. There's nothing they do at doesn’t offend me. Janis tears a page out of her notebook.
3) 76) dialog: Here. This is for you. eo 12. Cady looks at the paper. At the top it says, “Cady’s Map H.-S.” It is a detailed map of the school Saying who belo Brees: Asian nerds. Etc. In one corner it says "Beware of Plastics!11”" Janis notices the P.E. teacher has left her bullhorn by t the field.
3) 77) dialog: Damian, on your left. Damian snags the bullhorn as they pass. Right as they get door he turns it on. DAMIAN. (through bullhorn) Toaster Strudel causes cancer! Gretchen looks around. Damian and Janis run into the buil runs, too. cur TO: INT. CALCULUS CLASS, A LITTLE LATER. — Ms. Norbury is the teacher. Cady looks alert and interest guy to-her left, BARRY, is completely asleep.
5) 41) dialog: _ (almost screaming) . Regina George is not nice! She is the most plastic of all The Plastics. A flush. Damian comes out of a stall.
5) 46) text: e@ JANIS Jpsh Hartnett) ‘e 18. won DAMIAN The rising cost of abortion.
5) 47) dialog: Just do it, please! CADY . Okay. Okay. Do you have anything pink?
6) 0) text: Janis is behind the counter, working. Hex hair and make-u de not look appropriate with her hunter green B&BW apron.
6) 2) dialog: What does it say about me? (ying ‘in: you' tenet in it. e fc
6) 5) dialog: Those bitches. Damian brings over some skincare product.
6) 7) dialog: No. (to Cady) | Caddy, you've got to steal that book.
6) 9) dialog: We could publish it and then everyone would see'what an ax-wound she really is.
6) 11) dialog: It makes your feet smell like a salad. (to Cady), eps There’s two Kinds of evil people, Caddy.
6) 14) dialog: pine. Cail me when you grow some Gi. S.
6) 28) dialog: It’s social suicide. cot TO: INT. CADY’S KITCHEN. EVENING. The phone rings. Cady answers it.
11) 0) text: Janis gets something out of her overstuffed locker.
11) 1) dialog: You're telling me you’re messing up your grade on purpose.
14) 0) text: Christmas Music plays, The student center is decorated fo holidays. Janis, Damian, and Cady (now dressed more fashi in pine. They discuss their plan in hushed tones without each other. -
14) 1) dialog: We have to crack Gretchen. She's the keeper of all secrets. If this gets Gretchen to crack, we'll have cracked the lock on Regina's secrets.
14) 3) dialog: Crack. Let‘s reconvene tonight.
14) 5) dialog: Jingle Bell Rock. I know. They do it every year.
14) 6) text: Sweet mother of God, you’re doing Jingle Bell Rock? Regina approaches. “_, CADY Uh oh. Go. Janis and Damian scatter. REGINA | . Why were you talking to Janis Ian?
14) 10) text: a7. _ REGINA (cont'd) . Then, in eighth grade, I started going out with my first boyfriend, Kyle, who was totally gorgeous but he moved to Indiana, and Janis was, like, weirdly jealous of him. Like, if I blew her’ off to hang out with Kyle she would be like, “Why didn’t you call me back!?” And I would be, like, “Why are you so obsessed with me?” So then my birthday was an_all-girls pool party and I was ike, I can't invite you, Janis, because I think you're a lesbian. I mean, I couldn't have a lesbian there. Girls were going to be in their » %imean, right? Then her mom called my_mom and was, like, yelling at her. It was so retarded and then in the fall when we started high school ali her hair was cut off and she was totally weird and now I think she does heroin. . A girl, LEA EDWARDS walks by wearing a plaid kilt. REGINA : _. Oh my God, I love your skirt. Where did “you get it?- . .
20) 5) dialog: MN (referring to photo) Oe
20) 8) dialog: Damian!
20) 10) dialog: She’s not in the picture. All we see is Regina’s arm in the corner of the frame.
21) 0) text: Janis and Cady head home.
21) 2) dialog: I know. You've told me that before. What is that smell?
21) 4) dialog: You smell like a baby prostitute. A group of CUTE SENIOR GUYS says hi to Cady as they pass.
21) 7) dialog: Who was that?
22) 0) text: At the student center there is now a banner that reads, “ Spring Fling! Nominate Your King and Queen!” Damian counts ballots for "Spring Fling King and Queen” n CADY (V.0.) . . To get nominated for Spring Fling King 7 and Queen you either had to be very good Looking; very popular, or have ~ énemies in high places. Like the Student Activities Committee, | cur TO: INT. CADY'S HOMEROOM. THE NEXT MORNING. Damian, Janis, and Cady are anxiously listening to mornin announcements. Ms. Norbury enters late.
29) 15) dialog: Do you need a ride to my art show tomorrow night? Cady freezes for a moment, then cheoses to lie.
29) 64) text: I can explain. . JANIS ; Explain how. you forgot to invite us to your party? 7 CAD . - You know I couldn't invite you. Tf have -to pretend to be plastic. «Bending anymore! You not pretending anymore! You're Eid. durables molded
29) 68) dialog: You're the worst. At least Regina George knows she's mean. You act like you’re so innocent. {imitating Cady) . . "I used to live in Africa. With the birds and the monkeys”
29) 71) dialog: Did pou have an awesome time? Did you drink awesome jello shots and listen to awesome music and soak up each other’s awesomeness? . e 80. a ~ CADY Shut up! It's not my fault you're, like, in love with me or something.
29) 72) dialog: Wwwwwwwwhat ? 1h!) That car stops short.
29) 74) dialog: in love with you? I don't even like ou. And you’ know who else isn’t in ove with you? Aaron Samuels. He broke Up with Regina, and guess what? He still doesn't want you. So why are you still messing with Regina, Cady? pytbyeett you why, cause you’re a bitch. Janis takes out a small carvas and-hurls ‘it at_ Cady. . JANIS . . You can have this. It won a prize. Janis gets in the car and Damian drives away. “Cady looks at the canvas. -It is a very cool painting of Damian and Janis from the first day of school. INT. CADY’S KITCHEN. 7 SAME TIME. Shane is having a beer. Regina is angrily chomping on a K
33) 2) text: Se . MR. DUVALL Janis Ian, I know your voice, And I will see you on Saturday. 10am. In the gymnasium. cur TO: INT. CADY’S HOUSE. THAT EVENING. Cady and her parents are eating a tense silent dinner.
36) 56) dialog: T have: ‘a gorgeous bunghole.
36) 58) dialog: Are you saying that’s not true?!
36) 59) text: Janis,| i know you care about the way you look. You cut your hair every hree days. Pick ohne thing. . JANIS _— My ear wax is delicious.
36) 61) dialog: I have nice skin.
36) 65) dialog: Okay, I have this friend who’s a new student this year-- Janis stands to the right of Cady. Regina on the left. JANIS (CONT’D) -and I convinced her that it would be fun to mess up Regina‘s life. So I had her pretend to be Regina's friend and then she would come over my house and we would just laugh about ali the dumb stuff Regina said. And we tricked Regina into eating these candy bars that would make her gain weight... : Gretchen and Karen are shocked and excited...
36) 66) dialog: -- and we turned her best friends against her... co . . e Other girls look impressed. .. -
36) 67) dialog: -.» And Cady, you know my friend Cady, she made out with Regina's boyfriend-- Cady can’t watch this anymore. She dives in with a genuin
36) 69) dialog: «(still sarcastic) Yeah. Sorry Regina. I guess we were : Just jealous of you. Everyone applauds. Regina storms out of the gym. Cady fol cur TO: e >»? 98. EXT, STREET. CONTINUOUS. Cady stops Regina in the street. (In the background, the and Ms. Norbury and Mr. Duvall have run out to watch.)
37) 4) dialog: Then I guess we’re all right. e>
37) 7) dialog: Are you singing the theme from Full House? : DAMIAN . . No it’s that Janet Jackson song.
37) 8) dialog: Ho that 's-~, iverywhere C) Every smile gh —=
45) 0) text: Damian is wearing a black pageboy wig, a purple tux and a cummerbund with pictures of playing cards on them. Janis wearing the exact same outfit.
49) 6) dialog: {into the mic) I'd like to thank God, my mother, the incredible cast of Frasier-- CADY (CONT‘D) And apiece for Regina George. She rot” fa by a bus and she still looks ike a rock star. . She tosses a piece to Regina who waves “to the crowd. : REGINA . Thank you! ‘e - People applaud. Damian talks to the girl next to him AMTAN . I'd Look that good, too, if I was on an I.V. for ten days. Cady sticks the last little piece of tiara in her hair an Mr. Duvall. - Can we -dance now? Mr. puyall just shakes his head. Music starts. Damian pul and Cad: oO the dance floor. We.see all the different” ty people neing around them. All shapes, sizes, levels of Co
49) 11) dialog: Thanks, sucker. Janis and Damian dance away, leaving Cady and Aaron.
49) 22) text: Through the window we see Cady, Aaron, Janis, Damian, Kar KeShawn are sitting inside eating pancakes and laughing.