3) 29) dialog: Where’s your teacher? Their homeroom teacher, MS. SHARON NORBURY, enters, She i looking, 32. Bright but maybe not the most organized teac
3) 31) dialog: (to class). All right. I just want to let everyone know that we have a new sophomore with us. She just moved here from Africa... Some students turn to look at a very tall dark skinned gi short fro. It must be her. e e
3) 34) dialog: ...80 let's help her adjust to academic life here at Evanston. Her name is... (reads from note card) Caddy Heron. Where are you, Caddy?
3) 36) dialog: My apologies. JI have a nephew named Anfernee and I know how mad he gets when I call him Anthony. Almost as mad as T get when I think about the fact that his name is Anfernee.
3) 38) dialog: You gotta be on time this year, Sharon. Mr. Duvall exits.
16) 1) dialog: Welcome to the Evanston High School Winter Talent Show. this?
17) 24) dialog: Thank you, Janis. Next, give it up for, Santa's Helpers doing “Jingie Bell ock." Cady and the Plastics enter and take their positions. Cad boombox downstage and hits pia « The giris start.a simple dance routine to “Jingle Bell Rock.” t is the same routin have done every year Since sixth grade, but this year the deigned to let Cady join them. Janis and Damian watch from the wings.
29) 87) dialog: Good Lord. {next item is illegible) What does that say? has...
29) 89) dialog: Okay.
29) 92) dialog: Okay, take a breath. We'll find out who did it. yi
30) 0) text: As Cady enters, Mr. DuVall walks Regina out of his office
30) 1) text: In here, Miss Heron. Regina and a mystified Cady lock eyes ag Mr. Duvall usher his office. ,
30) 4) dialog: You ever seen this before? —
30) 6) dialog: You better get your story straight, Miss Heron, cause I’m not messing around here. GRETCHEN . It‘s not ours, it’s Regina’s. She's trying to make it Look like we wrote it, but she wrote it. eo
30) 7) text: a 83. MR. DUVALL . Miss Wieners, why would Regina call herself a- (refers to, book} "Fugly whore bitch.” Karen laughs.
30) 8) dialog: Ms. Smith, this is no time to be laughing.
32) 2) dialog: Ms. Smith?
32) 18) dialog: Coach Farr, get away from them! Around the corner a girl is hanging from a door jam tryin another girl in the head. Mr. Duvall tries to pull hex do
32) 20) dialog: . Aw, hell-no. I did not leave the ” south side for this. Mr. Duvall smashes a fire alarm box and the sprinklers ki girls are momentarily stunned. .
32) 22) dialog: All sophomores please report to the auditorium immediately. “Immediately. . cut TO: INT. MR. DUVALL’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER A soaking wet Mr. Duvall holds up the baggy of pills to M
32) 23) dialog: What are these?
32) 25) dialog: And what the hell are these?
32) 27) dialog: Good. That's what I thought. Where’d you get this stuff?
32) 29) dialog: Sharon, you're giving me no other choice here.
33) 0) text: The students are all soaking wet and the teachers are cir mistrustfully like prison guards. Mr. Duvall, now wearing just his undershirt and slacks, a Ome “MR, DUVALL Never in my 14 years as an educator o. have I_seen such behavior. And from young ladies! I mean, I got parents e on the phone asking did somebody get e ghot . I ought to cancel your Spring ing. Mixed cries of “No!” And “Who cares?” Damian gasps!
33) 1) dialog: Now I'm not gonna do that.. cause we have already paid the caterer. But don't think I’m not taking this book very seriously. One of your teachers, Ms. Norbury, has already lost her Job over it. Cady is shocked. MR. DUVALL (CONT’D) And Coach Farr has fled school roperty. This is serious stuff, olks. “The young women in this grade need an attitude makeover. And they‘re going to get it. From me. I got the Latin Kings out cf Marshall High School, I can a bunch of little suburban girls. There will be a full day workshop for every tenth grade girl this Saturday. An anybody who doesn’t show up, won’t be allowe to go to Spring Fling. Again someone yells "Who cares?” 88.
33) 2) text: Se . MR. DUVALL Janis Ian, I know your voice, And I will see you on Saturday. 10am. In the gymnasium. cur TO: INT. CADY’S HOUSE. THAT EVENING. Cady and her parents are eating a tense silent dinner.
36) 5) dialog: Alright, ladies, settle down. I don’t want to be here on a Saturday any more than you de. So the faster we can get through these exercises and fix your self-esteems, the sooner we golf. I read part of this book last night. Mx. Duvall holds up a book and talks.
36) 17) dialog: You fall back and trust that we will catch you. The Girl takes a deep breath and falls backwards. The gir her, They all giggle with relief. The next girl climbs onto the table and falls backwards. catch her, .
36) 18) dialog: Good. Next. Gretchen is next. She climbs onto the table and nervously at the “catchers.” Over by the door, Ms. Norbury is worri MS. NORBURY . Uh-oh.
36) 19) dialog: See what you can do when you work together? The girls look at Gretchen coldly They know she is one of people behind the Burnbook. Gretchen falis backwards and let her fall with a loud thump. Ms. Norbury runs in to he GRETCHEN’S P.O.V. AS SHE “COMES TO.” Regina, Mr. Duvall, Ms. Norbury, girls looking down at he MR. DUVALL . Stay here. I'll get some ice. Mr. Duvall exits. Ms. Norbury helps Gretchen up.
38) 8) dialog: Miss Heron, there’s nothing I can do - if she won't tell me where those pills came from. The elevator doors close on him. Cady is left behind.
40) 3) text: — 102. DAMIAN (cont'd (taken with his own idea) Oh my God, that would be such a good commercial. You could get, Brooke Shields to be like, “Drugs make you stupid.” Mr. Duvall opens the door and calls to Cady.
40) 4) dialog: You're up. Cady heads inside. She turns to Damian. . CAD x Bring Barry in as soon as he gets here.
49) 0) text: Mr. Duvall is on the stage at the mic.
49) 1) dialog: Do we have all our King and Queen nominees on stage? Well, I‘d like to start by Saying that you're all winners tonight and T could not be happier that this school year is ending. Here we go. Your Spring Fling King... is Shane Oman. Applause. Shane Oman drops down and does “the worm.”
49) 2) dialog: Congratulations, Shane. And your | Spr. ng Fling Queen...future co-chair . | of the Student Activities Board and “ winner of @ $25 gift certificate to Walker Brothers Pancake House oa - is...Cady Heron. Applause. Mr. Duvall holds out a tiara. Cady is surprised Jehbarrassed. Mr. Buvall puts the tiara on her. ° . CADY . Oh, wow, thanks. I’ve never been to one of these things before, but, When I think of how many people wanted this crown and how many people cried over it... it seems kind of : . ridiculous. I think everybody here ot - looks like royalty tonight. Look at - Jessica Lopez. That dréss is amazing. Jessica Lopez (wheelchair girl) in a sexy dress. She look