3) 0) text: ASSUNTA GUASPARI (58), Roberta's slender, tired Italian- American mother, stands in the doorway of a well-tended  working-class home, addressing a young NAVAL OFFICER who  holds a lengthy delivery inventory. It's a gray day with  ominous storm clouds. Late 70's CARS are parked on the st
3) 1) dialog: But I have no room for this!
3) 3) text: Assunta looks beyond the man, dismayed.
3) 7) text: The men scramble to pick them up. Assunta looks at all th violins, then up at Roberta.
3) 8) dialog: Why so many?
5) 2) text: ASSUNTA grabs the phone from her hand and hangs it up.
5) 4) dialog: No. I want you to listen to me. You  can't keep doing this to yourself --  or to the boys. They need their mother  now. You're a beautiful, talented  woman and you have your whole life  ahead of you.
5) 6) dialog: Because Charles is a big jerk. (beat) Now get dressed.
6) 0) text: Coffee is brewing and homemade cinnamon rolls are cooling a rack. We recognize the kitchen from the home movie foot As Assunta clears the boys' breakfast dishes from the tab Roberta enters. She's dressed, but hasn't put on makeup o done much with her hair. It's a start.
6) 2) dialog: From the day you married him.
6) 4) dialog: Since when do you listen to me?
6) 7) dialog: First, you eat breakfast. Second,  you go out and get a job -- any job.  Your boys, god-bless-em, are good  eaters -- but I can't afford it.
6) 9) text: Assunta's face shows she's doubtful about this.
6) 10) dialog: Well in the meantime, get a job.
51) 3) text: She laughs and they kiss. ASSUNTA comes up the street with a bag of take-out food. casts a dubious glance at the lovers.
51) 4) dialog: I was the only person in the whole  coffee shop not speaking Spanish.
51) 6) dialog: You hear that? Gunshots! How you  gonna live here by yourself? (calling) Boys, come eat!
51) 8) text: The boys approach and Assunta hands them sandwiches. Lawr hangs back. Assunta calls to him.
51) 9) dialog: What's your name?
51) 11) dialog: You hungry, Lawrence?
51) 12) text: Lawrence nods and she hands him a sandwich. Roberta smile at her mother's gesture. The kids move off to Lawrence's  front steps and Assunta gives Roberta and Brian sandwiche
51) 13) dialog: (to Brian) Why did you let her buy this house?
51) 15) dialog: I've noticed.
52) 0) text: Robert washes dishes and Assunta dries. The leftovers fro an Italian dinner are on the counter.
52) 1) dialog: I still don't understand the rush.
52) 3) dialog: But if you invested your divorce  settlement, you could buy something  nice someday. It's bad enough that  you've been renting in this  neighborhood, but to lock yourself  into a mortgage --
52) 5) text: Assunta backs off. Roberta feels guilty and moves to her.
52) 8) dialog: How much do you know about this man?
52) 10) dialog: (with an attitude) And how long has he been back?
52) 12) dialog: That's not very long. Don't make the  same mistake twice, Bert. You barely  knew Charles when you married him.
52) 14) dialog: Not if he's the wrong person.
114) 0) text: SEVENTY-FIVE KIDS play "We Shall Overcome" and it's incre moving. Nick's on cello, Lexi plays piano. ROBERTA proudl leads the children. At the side of the stage, we see DORO photographing the concert. THE CAMERA PANS THE AUDIENCE o teary-eyed parents, many of them with CAM CORDERS. We FIN Ramon's family. Manuelo is riverted by his son's playing, and he starts to cry. Concepcion knows this without looki She takes his hand. ANGLE - JANET stands along the side and her eyes start to fill with tears. She tries to stay composed, then discree exits the auditorium. The song ends and the audience APPLAUDS, rising from thei seats, including ASSUNTA (now 65), next to ISABEL and DAN Someone remains seated: a REPORTER (40's), sitting beside Dan and taking notes. The STUDENTS bow, then point to Roberta who bows and take the stage. She gestures for people to sit. A beginner stu brings her flowers. Roberta kisses her, then approaches t mike.
115) 0) text: ROBERTA is vacuuming the living room while Assunta dusts. Extra chairs are set up in the living room in preparation for a meeting. The doorbell RINGS.
115) 2) text: FOLLOW ASSUNTA to the DOOR. She opens it, revealing JANET who's carrying two bags of groceries. Assunta's demeanor  instantly cools when she sees her. In the b.g. Roberta se Janet and turns off the vacuum cleaner.
115) 4) dialog: I'd be a lot better if my daughter  had a job next year.
115) 9) text: Roberta watches Janet for a beat, then addresses Assunta.
115) 11) text: Assunta hesitates for a beat, then gets the dog and exits Janet continues unpacking the bags as if there's nothing  unusual about her being there. Cheeses, crackers, bread,  salads, fruit, paper plates, napkins, etc. She sees Rober confused expression.
116) 0) text: There's a crowd of PARENTS assembled in Roberta's front r talking at once, yelling out ideas, including CONCEPCION, BEVERLY WILSON (Shandra's mom), MR. ADAMS (Black) and MRS ADAMS (Puerto Rican), the parents of James (from Roberta' first year) and Simon. DOROTHEA, JANET, ISABEL are also t ASSUNTA is keeping tabs on the refreshments.
132) 6) text: ASSUNTA descends the staircase, dressed in a formal dress She holds a small jewelry box and heads for the bathroom.
132) 7) dialog: Bert, which earrings you want?
137) 2) text: Nick and Assunta look towards the stairs. Roberta comes  running down.
137) 6) dialog: I'll sew it in the car.
138) 0) text: Roberta, Assunta and the boys step outside, amazed to see STRETCH LIMOUSINE double-parked in front, a CHAUFFEUR wai
138) 2) text: Roberta's open-mouthed. She leads her entourage towards t limo. THE NEIGHBORS come out of their houses to watch. So lean out windows, gawking. Ad libs... "Who's that?" "It's the Violin Lady!" LAWRENCE, dressed in a tux, gives Lexi high sign. The chauffeur helps Roberta and Assunta into the limo whi Nick and Lexi start to load the instruments into the trun
139) 0) text: Roberta sits down beside Assunta and turns around so Assu can mend the tear in her dress. Assunta partially unzips dress and starts stitching it from the inside.
139) 2) dialog: Don't worry about it. You rip -- I  sew.
139) 4) text: Assunta stitches, remembering, and smiles.
139) 5) dialog: Don't thank me -- thank Charles.
139) 7) dialog: If that jerk hadn't of left you,  none of this would've happened.
139) 10) text: Her last stitch finished, Assunta rips the needle from th thread.
141) 0) text: The kids and their parents are practically boiling over w excitement. Last minute kisses, violin tunings, and cloth adjustments take place throughout the room. The boys are in suits or tuxes, the girls in velvet or  flowered dresses, some with bows in their hair, some with their hair up in buns. Roberta tries to take a head count Dorothea confers with a stage manager, Assunta fixes a bo tie, and Janet helps one girl with her hair, stopping in middle to button the back of another girl's dress.
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.