13) 2) text: As Roberta opens the door, we see that Nick and Lexi are  with her. All three have violins. INSIDE, Janet's in  conversation with DENNIS RAUSCH (38), an uptight man with tie that doesn't match his suit jacket. He's showing Jane large scheduling chart.
14) 0) text: Janet smiles at the boys, but clearly thinks Roberta's a  little off. Roberta holds her hand out to Dennis.
14) 2) text: Dennis shakes her hand, regarding her warily.
14) 5) text: Before Janet can answer, Roberta and the kids quickly tak out their violins and get into position. Janet and Dennis exchange a look.
14) 6) dialog: Are we having a talent show? I should  have brought my tap shoes.
14) 7) text: Roberta ignores the jab, then nods to the boys. The three them begin an incredibly impressive violin trio, playing ETUDE in three-part harmony. For the first measures, Jane still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won ove Dennis watches impassively. Roberta and the boys finish their piece; Janet applauds a Dennis joins in to be polite. The three take bows. A beat
14) 18) dialog: Assuming they had the discipline.
14) 22) text: Dennis laughs. Roberta looks at him, a bit miffed.
14) 23) dialog: (with an edge) I think I know these students, Miss  Demetras. Their attention span doesn't  go past do-re-mi. Maybe on a good  day, I can get them to "fa."
14) 25) dialog: That I'd like to see.
14) 31) dialog: (to Janet) Well, I've already planned out the  whole term, and I can tell you right  now, there's no room for this!  Besides, where you gonna find money  for violins?
23) 0) text: Dennis's twenty students play recorder in rows of attache theatre-style seats. Dennis sits at his desk, a METRONOME ticking, and apathetically leads them in scales, using a pen as a baton. He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes th he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
23) 1) dialog: C-C-C-C, D-D-D-D, E-E-E-E...
23) 2) text: ANGLE - Roberta stands in the hallway at the open door,  dismayed by Dennis' uninspired teaching. She enters and  crosses to Dennis, speaking quietly to him.
23) 5) dialog: No talking!
23) 8) dialog: Miss Cooper's students have phys ed  on Tuesdays.
23) 10) dialog: You must have read the schedule wrong.
23) 12) dialog: Well, I can't solve this problem for  you right now. (nods to his class) I'm trying to teach.
66) 0) text: Roberta stands in front of a classroom of twenty cute fir graders -- mostly Black and Latino, a few white -- sittin on the floor, chatting excitedly. Even though Roberta's t years older, she seems more youthful; her wavy hair is lo over her shoulders, her clothing's casual and artistic. B her is Janet, her hair flecked with gray, and Dennis, who looks pretty much the same. The classroom teacher is ISAB a little older, a little tougher.
66) 4) dialog: Janet and I started this program  because we knew how much you kids  could benefit from it.
66) 6) dialog: You should know, however, that the  violin is a difficult instrument.
106) 0) text: Janet and Dennis talk outside Janet's office. Roberta sto over to them. Janet looks at her, alarmed.
106) 9) dialog: I'm tenured, Roberta.
106) 14) dialog: Why not? You're a sub. Your position  has never been permanent.
106) 16) text: They leave Dennis standing there, looking as if he's had face slapped.
117) 2) text: Dennis storms in.
117) 3) dialog: Who authorized this?
117) 5) dialog: Well Janet's not here today and I  want these people out of here.
117) 6) text: The kids quiet down and watch them argue. A CAMERA GUY st shooting the argument and Dennis sees him.
117) 7) dialog: Turn that off, you hear me?
117) 9) dialog: You're disrupting school and I want  them out of here -- now.
117) 12) dialog: Get these people out of here or I'm  calling the police.
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.