22) 0) text: Roberta rosins her bow, standing in front of ten kids --  third through fifth-grade -- who sit on the floor next to their violin cases. The kids are Black and Latino, with a couple of white faces. They're all talking and ignoring  Roberta except for NAEEM and GUADALUPE, a petite Mexican  girl with a long dark braid. [NOTE: We'll see other violi students from time to time, but this is the class we'll f for Roberta's first year]
22) 2) dialog: Rosining the bow.
25) 12) text: She gently pushes Guadalupe's belly. The girl stumbles ba
25) 14) text: Guadalupe tries to correct her feet. Roberta bends down t help and sees that the little girl wears LEG BRACES under her pants. Roberta stands and gestures to one of the boys
25) 16) text: The boy brings the chair. Guadalupe sits, embarrassed.
30) 8) text: Roberta sees Guadalupe struggling.
30) 10) text: Embarrassed, Guadalupe corrects her position.
37) 0) text: Guadalupe sits on a chair in the empty room, struggling t set up her violin. Roberta enters, surprised to see her.
37) 2) dialog: I can't get the stop sign.
37) 4) text: Guadalupe sighs, then hands Roberta the violin.
37) 5) dialog: I can't come anymore. It's too hard.
37) 7) dialog: But everyone else is better than me.  I'll always be slow.
37) 10) dialog: No.
37) 12) dialog: And he sits down when he plays?
37) 14) text: Guadalupe takes this in.
37) 15) dialog: He was your student?
37) 18) dialog: But I can't stand strong.
37) 20) text: Guadalupe nods. Roberta holds out the violin case. Guadal lunges forward and hugs her around the waist. Roberta  awkwardly accepts the hug, startled and touched by it, an strokes the girl's hair. Guadalupe lets go, takes the vio and exits. HOLD ON ROBERTA as she absorbs what just happe JANET pokes her head into the room.
59) 0) text: Roberta plays "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" with Guadalupe, De Sea Naeem, Benjamin, and two kids from the other classes. Lex plays along with them. Nick enters from the kitchen, eati a cookie, ignoring the students. He turns on the T.V.
121) 16) text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Two young men and two young women walk in carrying violins. We realize from the scar that one is NA (20), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.  With him is DE SEAN (19), a short guy with dreadlocks, lo more like a rapper than a violinist. GUADALUPE (19), walk with a cane, is now a beautiful young woman, her long bra pinned up. The fourth is a reserved Puerto Rican woman (2
124) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids, including Carlos, Vanessa, Shandra,  Ramon, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, Simon, Thomas, De Sean a Guadalupe practice Bach's "Minuet One," Roberta leading t and giving direction. They're playing badly. Rachel plays as well, but walks around the room making  corrections. It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
126) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids are crammed into Roberta's house,  (including De Sean, Guadalupe, Ramon, Vanessa, Shandra,  Carlos, Thomas, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, and Simon),  rehearsing "Orange Blossom Special." They play badly. Rac helps Roberta correct students.
126) 9) dialog: See? You taught us well.
130) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids (including Ramon, Shandra, Vanessa, D Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Simon, Stephanie, Amanda an Kenny -- but RACHEL is absent) stand outside the locked s gate, waiting for Roberta. Some of the kids have their vi out of the cases, tuning them.
131) 0) text: Roberta leads De Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Stephanie, Thomas, Carlos, Erica and Nicholas in the Bach Double  Concerto. The other kids watch. Roberta's on the edge of  hysteria. She signals the players to stop.
134) 0) text: Guadalupe's mom pins up her braid, then steps back to loo at her daughter, radiant in a floral gown. Her mom starts cry.
142) 0) text: Guadalupe shyly approaches Itzhak Perlman, her mother beh her, silently encouraging her.
142) 1) dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Perlman?
142) 3) dialog: (extends a hand) I'm Guadalupe. I've wanted to meet  you for a long time.
142) 6) text: As Guadalupe introduces him to her mother, CARLOS approac
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.