11) 0) text: JANET WILLIAMS, a Black woman (40's) with a kind face, si behind her desk and looks at Roberta's resume. A sign on desk indicates that she's the DIRECTOR. Also on the desk a FRAMED PICTURE of Janet, her husband, daughter (14), an son (12). Roberta sits nervously in the chair opposite he
11) 1) dialog: (looking at resume) Aside from half a term in a private  school -- in Greece -- and a year  teaching chorus in Hawaii -- ten  years ago -- it doesn't look like  you've had any other teaching  experience.
11) 3) text: Janet looks for this on the resume.
11) 5) text: Janet smiles politely.
11) 6) dialog: I'd like to help you, Mrs. Demetras.  Brian spoke highly of you and I told  him I'd consider starting a violin  class... But without the proper  qualifications, and without any  experience in an inner city school...
11) 8) dialog: I'm very sorry.
12) 0) text: Roberta stands outside Janet's office, dejectedly watchin the children noisily running through the hall.
13) 0) text: Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
13) 1) dialog: Yes?
13) 2) text: As Roberta opens the door, we see that Nick and Lexi are  with her. All three have violins. INSIDE, Janet's in  conversation with DENNIS RAUSCH (38), an uptight man with tie that doesn't match his suit jacket. He's showing Jane large scheduling chart.
14) 0) text: Janet smiles at the boys, but clearly thinks Roberta's a  little off. Roberta holds her hand out to Dennis.
14) 3) dialog: This is Dennis Rausch, our music  teacher and program coordinator. (beat) Mrs. Demetras, didn't I make things  clear yesterday?
14) 5) text: Before Janet can answer, Roberta and the kids quickly tak out their violins and get into position. Janet and Dennis exchange a look.
14) 7) text: Roberta ignores the jab, then nods to the boys. The three them begin an incredibly impressive violin trio, playing ETUDE in three-part harmony. For the first measures, Jane still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won ove Dennis watches impassively. Roberta and the boys finish their piece; Janet applauds a Dennis joins in to be polite. The three take bows. A beat
14) 9) text: Janet laughs, then gestures for them to sit.
14) 10) dialog: How long have you boys been playing?
14) 13) dialog: Your mom must be a good teacher.
14) 15) text: Roberta gives Nick a look, but Janet smiles.
14) 16) dialog: (to Roberta) If you could teach our students to  play like that, I'd be thrilled, but --
14) 20) dialog: A lot of our parents are struggling  to feed their kids and pay the rent --  they don't have time to help them  learn violin.
14) 27) text: A beat. Janet observes the tension, then turns to Roberta
14) 28) dialog: (to Roberta) For now I'll put you down as a sub,  but I have to warn you -- even if it  works out, the Board may not let me  create a permanent position for you.
29) 0) text: Lots of noise and chaos as kids run wild during lunch rec Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to k up.
29) 2) dialog: In theory. (to a student) Adam! I want you in my office right  after lunch, you understand?
29) 4) dialog: Think about it! (to Roberta) Whenever you pull kids out, it's a  disruption, plus it's extra work for  the teacher 'cause they have to fill  the kids in on what they missed.  Some teachers resent it.
29) 6) text: Janet stops walking and pulls a box cutter out of her poc
29) 7) dialog: I took this off a second-grader this  morning. I'll help you Roberta --  but I can't hold your hand here.
29) 8) text: Janet starts to walk away, then turns.
29) 9) dialog: A word of advice? When you're picking  up your students, go to Alice's  classroom first.
29) 10) text: Roberta stands there as Janet walks on ahead.
36) 0) text: Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's the middle of confronting a boy student. Janet holds a FI DOLLAR BILL. Roberta hangs back and waits for a chance to speak.
36) 2) dialog: Why would she give you fifty dollars?
36) 4) text: Janet gives him a stern look.
36) 5) dialog: Do you know how hard your mother  works? Do you think it's right for  you steal from her?
36) 7) dialog: Well let's go call her right now and  ask her.
36) 8) text: As Janet turns to walk off, Roberta crosses to her.
36) 10) dialog: It'll have to wait. (to the boy) Come on. In my office.
36) 11) text: Roberta watches as Janet dashes off with the boy in tow.
37) 20) text: Guadalupe nods. Roberta holds out the violin case. Guadal lunges forward and hugs her around the waist. Roberta  awkwardly accepts the hug, startled and touched by it, an strokes the girl's hair. Guadalupe lets go, takes the vio and exits. HOLD ON ROBERTA as she absorbs what just happe JANET pokes her head into the room.
37) 21) dialog: You wanted to speak to me?
37) 23) text: Janet looks at her curiously, then exits.
46) 0) text: Roberta sits opposite Janet and MRS. LAMB, a white woman her 30's.
46) 4) text: Janet raises her eyebrows at this.
46) 8) dialog: I think what Mrs. Lamb is trying to  say, Roberta, is that you're a little  too harsh. I'm sure you might be  able to soften some of your comments  to the children?
58) 0) text: Roberta stands opposite Janet.
58) 1) dialog: I'm giving him a two-day suspension --  but next time he'll be expelled.
58) 3) dialog: Have you noticed your son lately?  He's tied up in knots and he needs  help.
58) 5) dialog: He was choking the kid. (beat) Nick's in trouble, Roberta. You need  to deal with it.
66) 0) text: Roberta stands in front of a classroom of twenty cute fir graders -- mostly Black and Latino, a few white -- sittin on the floor, chatting excitedly. Even though Roberta's t years older, she seems more youthful; her wavy hair is lo over her shoulders, her clothing's casual and artistic. B her is Janet, her hair flecked with gray, and Dennis, who looks pretty much the same. The classroom teacher is ISAB a little older, a little tougher.
66) 2) dialog: Today's a very special day because  we're starting the tenth year of the  East Harlem Violin Program. This is  a wonderful opportunity for you, so  I want you to talk to your parents  about whether you'd like to try this.
66) 5) text: CUTAWAY to Roberta and Janet exchanging glances over Denn taking credit for the program.
66) 10) dialog: That's Dorothea Van Hauften --
66) 13) dialog: -- and she's taking pictures of  Roberta's classes for a magazine  article about music education.
106) 0) text: Janet and Dennis talk outside Janet's office. Roberta sto over to them. Janet looks at her, alarmed.
106) 2) dialog: Why don't you come in my office?
106) 4) dialog: It's not me, Roberta. The Board of  Ed. cut the budget, the District had  to comply, and as of the end of this  term, the violin program has been...  excessed.
106) 7) dialog: They've slashed the budget -- music  and art programs got hit the worst.
106) 10) text: Roberta looks at him, then back to Janet.
106) 12) dialog: Things happened very quickly... I  wanted to tell you myself --
106) 15) dialog: Shut up, Dennis! You're not helping! (softly, to Roberta) Come into my office, please.
107) 2) dialog: Fight it with what? I don't have any  other extra programs to give them  instead.
107) 4) dialog: You know I don't feel that way and  you know damn well I've been standing  by you all these years! You think I  haven't noticed what you've done for  these kids?
107) 6) dialog: (points to her phone) I've been on this phone for the past  three days trying to "do something" --  the District office can't even stand  the sound of my voice. Believe me,  there are some people around here  I'd much rather get rid of. But as  far as the Board's concerned, violin  classes are not a priority.
107) 7) text: Roberta's fury starts to give way to grief. She looks ter wounded. Janet looks at her helplessly.
107) 8) dialog: I don't have the power here, Roberta.  I'm so sorry.
114) 0) text: SEVENTY-FIVE KIDS play "We Shall Overcome" and it's incre moving. Nick's on cello, Lexi plays piano. ROBERTA proudl leads the children. At the side of the stage, we see DORO photographing the concert. THE CAMERA PANS THE AUDIENCE o teary-eyed parents, many of them with CAM CORDERS. We FIN Ramon's family. Manuelo is riverted by his son's playing, and he starts to cry. Concepcion knows this without looki She takes his hand. ANGLE - JANET stands along the side and her eyes start to fill with tears. She tries to stay composed, then discree exits the auditorium. The song ends and the audience APPLAUDS, rising from thei seats, including ASSUNTA (now 65), next to ISABEL and DAN Someone remains seated: a REPORTER (40's), sitting beside Dan and taking notes. The STUDENTS bow, then point to Roberta who bows and take the stage. She gestures for people to sit. A beginner stu brings her flowers. Roberta kisses her, then approaches t mike.
115) 2) text: FOLLOW ASSUNTA to the DOOR. She opens it, revealing JANET who's carrying two bags of groceries. Assunta's demeanor  instantly cools when she sees her. In the b.g. Roberta se Janet and turns off the vacuum cleaner.
115) 3) dialog: Hello, Assunta. How are you?
115) 6) dialog: (to Assunta) I would too.
115) 7) text: Janet briskly walks into THE LIVING ROOM, puts the grocer bags down on a table, and begins to take things out of th Roberta watches her, mystified.
115) 8) dialog: (to Roberta) Sorry I'm early, but I figured we'd  need time to set up.
115) 9) text: Roberta watches Janet for a beat, then addresses Assunta.
115) 11) text: Assunta hesitates for a beat, then gets the dog and exits Janet continues unpacking the bags as if there's nothing  unusual about her being there. Cheeses, crackers, bread,  salads, fruit, paper plates, napkins, etc. She sees Rober confused expression.
115) 12) dialog: You are having a meeting here tonight,  right? Parents and teachers?
115) 14) dialog: Take it from me. If you want to get  parents to help you with something,  you have to feed them.
115) 16) dialog: You have a cutting board for these?
115) 18) dialog: (as she continues to  unpack) And if you think parents are bad,  teachers are even worse, no offense.  If you don't feed them, you never  get anything extra out of them. That's  why I got this.
115) 20) dialog: Entenmann's gets them every time.
115) 21) text: Roberta continues to stare in amazement at Janet.
115) 22) dialog: What? Don't tell me you expected me  to bring something homemade.
115) 24) dialog: Good. Because take it from me -- my  own family begs me to stay out of  the kitchen.
115) 26) dialog: Why not? We've gotta figure out a  way to fight this. (as she arranges  crackers on a plate) After ten years, Roberta, I can't  imagine walking through those hallways  and not hearing that off-key,  screechy, scratchy, nails-on-the- blackboard violin music.
115) 27) text: Roberta smiles. Janet holds up a baguette.
115) 28) dialog: What do you think? Cut it into slices  now, or leave it whole?
115) 30) text: Janet hands her the bread. A beat as the two women exchan a private smile, then return to their respective tasks.
116) 0) text: There's a crowd of PARENTS assembled in Roberta's front r talking at once, yelling out ideas, including CONCEPCION, BEVERLY WILSON (Shandra's mom), MR. ADAMS (Black) and MRS ADAMS (Puerto Rican), the parents of James (from Roberta' first year) and Simon. DOROTHEA, JANET, ISABEL are also t ASSUNTA is keeping tabs on the refreshments.
116) 4) dialog: You're wasting your time. The Board  and the District are not gonna pay  for this program, no matter how many  letters they get.
116) 7) dialog: I can't see how they'd object to  that.
116) 20) dialog: Sounds like a plan.
141) 0) text: The kids and their parents are practically boiling over w excitement. Last minute kisses, violin tunings, and cloth adjustments take place throughout the room. The boys are in suits or tuxes, the girls in velvet or  flowered dresses, some with bows in their hair, some with their hair up in buns. Roberta tries to take a head count Dorothea confers with a stage manager, Assunta fixes a bo tie, and Janet helps one girl with her hair, stopping in middle to button the back of another girl's dress.
141) 2) text: Janet looks at her, concerned.
141) 3) dialog: I'll call her house.
143) 0) text: Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
143) 2) dialog: No answer at either.
143) 13) text: Roberta comforts her and Janet moves in.
143) 14) dialog: C'mon honey -- let's get you cleaned  up.
146) 0) text: Janet stands onstage and addresses the audience.
146) 1) dialog: When I became the principal of Central  Park East Elementary, I envisioned a  school where children could fulfill  their highest potential, despite the  challenges of poverty and racism.  Ten years ago, Roberta Guaspari walked  into my office because she needed a  job, and because she had a vision  that any child could learn the violin.  We put our dreams together and created  the East Harlem Violin Program which  has helped more than a thousand  students expand their vision of what's  possible in their lives. When a  program like this is cut, our  children's future is compromised. I  want to thank you for your support.  Enjoy the concert.
147) 0) text: In the b.g. we hear the audience APPLAUDING Janet. Robert holds up her hands to quiet down the anxious students.
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.