16) 0) text: In front of the class, Roberta helps NAEEM, a graceful Bl boy, hold the violin. He has a serious expression and a s on his left cheek. Roberta controls the bow and fingerboa but it appears that the boy is playing music. He smiles.
16) 1) dialog: Hey, I play pretty good.
16) 4) dialog: Naeem.
22) 0) text: Roberta rosins her bow, standing in front of ten kids --  third through fifth-grade -- who sit on the floor next to their violin cases. The kids are Black and Latino, with a couple of white faces. They're all talking and ignoring  Roberta except for NAEEM and GUADALUPE, a petite Mexican  girl with a long dark braid. [NOTE: We'll see other violi students from time to time, but this is the class we'll f for Roberta's first year]
22) 2) dialog: Rosining the bow.
22) 4) text: The kids quiet down. Only Naeem raises his hand.
22) 6) dialog: Tightening the horse hair.
22) 8) text: Again, only Naeem raises his hand. Roberta sees him but t to DE SEAN, who's talking to his neighbor.
22) 18) dialog: It's called the frog.
26) 0) text: Roberta walks through a school yard filled with kids and  parents picking them up. She sees Naeem and crosses to hi
26) 2) dialog: I can't be in violin class anymore.
26) 4) dialog: My mother won't let me.
26) 6) text: NAEEM'S MOTHER, MRS. ADISA, steps INTO FRAME. She's an  attractive Black woman in a dress and head scarf made of  African fabric.
26) 11) dialog: Please, Mom? Can't I be in the class?
26) 14) text: She walks off with Naeem. He glances back at Roberta, the turns away quickly. Roberta watches after them.
42) 0) text: A group of kids stand together with their violins and cha Roberta exits the building and they greet her. She waves  back, but she's clearly still upset by her interaction wi Lucy. She sees Naeem and his mother and approaches them.
42) 1) dialog: Hi, Roberta.
42) 3) text: Naeem nods and moves off.
42) 5) text: Mrs. Adisa takes this in. Roberta exits. Mrs. Adisa looks for Naeem and sees him watching the violin students, long to be among them. She watches her son with compassion.
45) 10) text: The door opens and Naeem enters with Mrs. Adisa. Roberta  crosses to them.
45) 14) dialog: Yeah, I can.
45) 18) text: Naeem happily runs to the extra violins at the front of t room; Mrs. Adisa nods to Roberta with a look of gratitude then exits. Roberta crosses back to the front of the room
45) 20) text: They begin again, and we see Naeem take out a violin and  join in. As they play, Roberta's ears perk up at somethin she's hearing. She crosses to Lucy.
45) 30) text: The class plays Lucy's jazz variation and Naeem happily j in.
59) 0) text: Roberta plays "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" with Guadalupe, De Sea Naeem, Benjamin, and two kids from the other classes. Lex plays along with them. Nick enters from the kitchen, eati a cookie, ignoring the students. He turns on the T.V.
130) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids (including Ramon, Shandra, Vanessa, D Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Simon, Stephanie, Amanda an Kenny -- but RACHEL is absent) stand outside the locked s gate, waiting for Roberta. Some of the kids have their vi out of the cases, tuning them.
131) 0) text: Roberta leads De Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Stephanie, Thomas, Carlos, Erica and Nicholas in the Bach Double  Concerto. The other kids watch. Roberta's on the edge of  hysteria. She signals the players to stop.
131) 7) dialog: It's gonna be O.K., Roberta.
141) 4) text: ANGLE - Roberta sees MRS. ADISA enter the room with Naeem The two women walk towards each other and embrace. As the start to chat, Roberta suddenly sees someone and excuses  herself: BRIAN is walking towards her, wearing a tux. The smile at each other, but Roberta's clearly a bit shaken t see him. They're not quite sure how to greet each other - he takes her hand, and then kisses her on the cheek.