4) 0) text: The living room is filled with boxes shipped from Greece, labelled by the U.S. NAVY. And on the floor, in the middl of the boxes, are FIFTY VIOLIN CASES of various sizes, al with Greek and U.S. NAVY labels. NICK (7) and LEXI (5) cl over the boxes as if they were giant blocks.
4) 1) dialog: (calling) Mommy, which box has our toys?
13) 2) text: As Roberta opens the door, we see that Nick and Lexi are  with her. All three have violins. INSIDE, Janet's in  conversation with DENNIS RAUSCH (38), an uptight man with tie that doesn't match his suit jacket. He's showing Jane large scheduling chart.
14) 11) dialog: Since I was three.
14) 14) dialog: (shrugs) She's O.K.
14) 15) text: Roberta gives Nick a look, but Janet smiles.
17) 0) text: A funky apartment on the Upper West Side. Nick and Lexi a both asleep in sleeping bags on top of a futon on the flo their suitcases nearby. Brian tiptoes past them, carrying two glasses of champagne. He knocks on his office door.
24) 0) text: Lexi and Nick are in Brian's bed. Roberta's tucking in Le he holds a toy truck with Greek writing on it.
24) 3) dialog: Daddy said we could get one when we  moved back to America.
24) 4) text: Roberta looks at Nick, then turns back to Lexi.
24) 6) dialog: When's Daddy coming back?
24) 7) text: Roberta turns to Nick and tucks him in.
24) 11) text: She turns back to Nick who looks worried. She kisses him.
24) 14) dialog: No! Leave it on.
31) 0) text: At the small kitchen table, Nick does homework and Lexi p stickers in a sticker book. Roberta's cooking dinner; she grabs a potholder and checks on a bubbling lasagna in the oven. The PHONE RINGS and she answers it.
32) 9) text: HOLD ON ROBERTA, devastated. ANGLE on NICK, watching her  through the door.
35) 0) text: Roberta stands and watches Nick and Lexi sleep. She lies  down beside them and closes her eyes.
39) 0) text: Roberta enters the yard from inside the school. It's fill with kids playing, including Nick and Lexi. She waves to  them and Lexi runs up to her, carrying a piece of artwork
40) 0) text: LEXI'S PAINTING is on the wall, along with a crayon drawi of himself, Roberta, and Nick in front of a house. ANGLE - ROBERTA looks out the window. She's gotten some u furniture, cleaned the place, and it's less depressing.
40) 3) dialog: In Greece, we could see the ocean.  Remember?
40) 5) dialog: And the octopuses.
40) 7) dialog: Is Daddy coming here soon?
40) 11) dialog: Can you tell the birthday story?
40) 14) dialog: I want to hear the birthday story.
40) 17) dialog: But you knew I'd be born that day.
40) 19) dialog: And Daddy laughed.
40) 21) dialog: He didn't believe you. But I was  born. The same day as Grandpa.
40) 23) dialog: Was Daddy happy too?
40) 26) dialog: Then why is he leaving me?
40) 29) dialog: Then why can't he live here?
40) 31) text: The CAMERA moves behind them as they continue to look out the window, and we see Nick move away from his mother.
44) 0) text: A brown puppy is jumping all over Nick and Lexi who laugh delightedly. Roberta is putting down newspapers.
48) 0) text: Christmas MUZAK plays in the b.g. as Roberta kisses and h Lexi and Nick goodbye. A FLIGHT ATTENDANT stands nearby.
48) 3) text: Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic. Roberta hugs them one la time. The FLIGHT ATTENDANT steps forward.
48) 5) text: The FLIGHT ATTENDANT escorts them into the jet way. Rober holds back tears as they get further away from her. At th last moment, Lexi turns and waves; Nick does not. Roberta waves, tears starting to fall, and the boys disappear fro sight. She observes all the families travelling together, and feels like the loneliest person in the airport.
51) 0) text: A mild winter day. Roberta, covered with plaster dust and overheated from working, leans against a car and drinks a beer. The three-story brick building has some graffiti on and is badly in need of a paint job; there are a few brok windows, and the front stairs need repairing. WORKMEN fil in and out. We can see from the STREET SIGNS that we're o 118th STREET, a few houses off FIRST AVENUE. Brian (also dust-covered), Nick and Lexi toss around a  football. LAWRENCE (6), a Black boy who lives next door,  joins them. Brian crosses to Roberta, sweaty and out of  breath. He takes a swig of her beer.
55) 19) text: He stomps off. ANOTHER ANGLE - Nick watches them fight an looks distressed.
56) 0) text: Lots of screaming and commotion as the kids crowd around fight in progress. As we move through the crowd we see th NICK's in a fight with another boy; Nick's nose is bleedi and he has the boy in a headlock. TWO TEACHERS run over t break it up.
57) 0) text: Nick sits outside, holding an ice pack to his bloody nose
59) 0) text: Roberta plays "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" with Guadalupe, De Sea Naeem, Benjamin, and two kids from the other classes. Lex plays along with them. Nick enters from the kitchen, eati a cookie, ignoring the students. He turns on the T.V.
59) 2) text: Roberta crosses to Nick and shuts off the T.V.
59) 4) dialog: It's my house! They don't live here --  I do!
59) 6) dialog: I don't feel like it.
59) 9) text: She crosses back to her students; Nick turns on the T.V.
60) 0) text: Brian, Nick and Lexi laugh as they play frisbee alongside DUCK POND. Roberta watches, relieved to see Nick enjoying himself.
60) 2) text: Nick throws it back to Brian and it lands in the WATER.
60) 4) text: He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and prete he's going to throw him into the water. Nick laughs  hysterically.
60) 5) dialog: (through laughter) Don't! Don't throw me in!
60) 7) dialog: Don't! Don't throw me!
60) 9) dialog: I'm not a chicken!
60) 11) text: He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down. L holds out his arms to Brian.
61) 21) text: He pulls her to him, kissing her neck, but she pulls away from him. ON NICK, observing with an anxious expression.
62) 1) dialog: (whining) Why can't he?
62) 4) dialog: Well then I wanna go to his house.
62) 6) dialog: I don't feel like practicing.
62) 8) dialog: I wanna go to Brian's!
62) 10) text: Nick stomps off to get his violin. Lexi follows. Roberta  puts down her bag and takes off her coat. While Lexi sets his violin, Nick opens his violin case, takes out the vio and angrily starts playing, loudly and roughly.
62) 12) dialog: The problem with you is you're mean  to everybody and then they don't  want to be with you!
62) 14) text: Nick THROWS the violin against the floor. Roberta's  speechless.
62) 15) dialog: I hate the violin!
62) 17) text: Nick picks up the violin and THROWS the violin down even  harder, then YELLS at Roberta before she can even respond
62) 18) dialog: It's all your fault! You made Daddy  leave and you're gonna make Brian  leave too! You're gonna be all alone  and I'll have to take care of you!
62) 21) dialog: Then who's going to?
62) 23) dialog: You didn't try hard enough. You made  Daddy leave us.
62) 26) dialog: Why not?
62) 29) dialog: Who?
62) 32) dialog: Is he gonna marry her now?
62) 34) text: Nick and Lexi look very upset, not only from hearing the  finality in her words, but from seeing their mother's pai Roberta moves closer to them.
62) 36) text: Nick starts crying. Roberta takes him in her arms. Lexi s to cry and Roberta holds him too.
69) 0) text: The house is transformed: the first floor is one long ope room with oak floors, a living room in front with a beaut fireplace and a grand piano, and a country kitchen in the rear, complete with pots hanging over a large butcher blo NICK (17) practices cello and LEXI (15) practices piano;  they play Haydn's "Trio #13." Now handsome young men, the blonde hair has darkened to brown. Nick is huskier; Lexi a slighter build. Both are passionate, talented musicians On the couch, RACHEL (12), a mature, beautiful Black girl rosins her bow.
69) 5) text: As Roberta removes Allegra's leash, Rachel and Lexi share conspiratorial look. In the b.g., Nick packs up his cello
69) 7) dialog: No. I'm done.
69) 9) dialog: What -- are you timing me with a  stop watch? Why don't you pick on  Lexi for a change?
69) 11) text: Nick jostles him and heads upstairs. Lexi gets up from th piano.
72) 0) text: Roberta drives with Nick in the front, Lexi and Lawrence the back. They're in a dangerous looking part of East Har
72) 2) dialog: C'mon, Mom -- why don't you let me  handle this?
72) 7) dialog: I'll help him, O.K.? We'll both pay  you back.
73) 1) dialog: C'mon Mom, let's get out of here.
73) 5) text: Nick jumps out of the car and heads after her.
73) 6) dialog: I'm coming with you!
73) 8) text: Nick hesitates and heads back. Roberta presses on. Lawren opens the window and calls to her.
77) 0) text: Roberta, Nick, Lexi and Lawrence sit on the front steps o the school. The street is deserted.
77) 3) dialog: You think he actually cares that  you're a teacher? You think he even  goes to school?
77) 6) text: Nick and Lexi roll their eyes and exchange a look: she's  nuts. Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle. Nick, Lex and Lawrence look towards the sound, incredulous. Lexi st Henry rides up on the bike and dismounts. Lexi looks dire at him as he takes the bike from him.
96) 1) dialog: We were just trying to help!
96) 2) text: Nick and Lexi stand by the table, opposite Roberta -- wit the incriminating pile of letters between them.
96) 4) dialog: Mom, no one knows it's you! I mean,  you don't even have to read them if  you don't want to. (glances at pile) Although obviously, a lot of guys  are interested in dating you.
96) 7) dialog: "Beautiful musician, late 40's, tired  of playing solo --
96) 9) dialog: My violin playing will feed your  soul...
96) 15) dialog: Don't you think it's a little weird  that you're not even interested in  dating?
98) 0) text: Roberta, Nick and Lexi play Haydn's "Trio #13" together o their respective instruments. We sense that this is a spe family ritual. They play throughout their conversation:
98) 2) dialog: I'm not flat.
98) 4) dialog: Just play the violin, Mom. I'll take  care of the cello.
98) 8) text: The DOORBELL rings and Roberta jumps up, bolting into the bathroom down the hall. Lexi and Nick exchange a smile, then Lexi crosses to the  door and opens it.
101) 0) text: Roberta enters the living room where Dan is chatting with Nick and Lexi. Dan sees her and is instantly smitten.
101) 5) dialog: Make sure you're home by midnight,  young lady.
102) 3) dialog: That's a no-brainer. Of course he'll  try. The real question is whether  she'll let him.
102) 5) dialog: You're on.
104) 2) dialog: (all innocence) Why? Is it late?
104) 6) dialog: "Nice"? As in "let's just be friends"  nice?
104) 8) text: Nick looks disappointed.
104) 9) dialog: There's still a lot more letters.
109) 0) text: Nick and Lexi enter the darkened house, chatting as Nick  wheels in the bike and Lexi bounces a basketball. They tu on a light to reveal
109) 2) dialog: What happened?
110) 0) text: Roberta, Nick and Lexi walk Allegra in their neighborhood Roberta looks worn out.
110) 5) dialog: It's the wrong analogy. You couldn't  do anything about Grandpa's death.  It was irreversible. This isn't.
110) 7) dialog: Let me ask you something. Why did  you risk your life for a bicycle?
110) 8) text: Roberta and Lexi look at Nick, baffled as to the relevanc of the question.
110) 10) dialog: Of course you did! That building?  Threatening Henry? And for what --  two hundred dollars?
114) 0) text: SEVENTY-FIVE KIDS play "We Shall Overcome" and it's incre moving. Nick's on cello, Lexi plays piano. ROBERTA proudl leads the children. At the side of the stage, we see DORO photographing the concert. THE CAMERA PANS THE AUDIENCE o teary-eyed parents, many of them with CAM CORDERS. We FIN Ramon's family. Manuelo is riverted by his son's playing, and he starts to cry. Concepcion knows this without looki She takes his hand. ANGLE - JANET stands along the side and her eyes start to fill with tears. She tries to stay composed, then discree exits the auditorium. The song ends and the audience APPLAUDS, rising from thei seats, including ASSUNTA (now 65), next to ISABEL and DAN Someone remains seated: a REPORTER (40's), sitting beside Dan and taking notes. The STUDENTS bow, then point to Roberta who bows and take the stage. She gestures for people to sit. A beginner stu brings her flowers. Roberta kisses her, then approaches t mike.
118) 7) text: WIDER - REVEAL Roberta, Lexi and Nick watching the TV.
120) 0) text: 1. Arnold Steinhardt speaks on the phone. His Roladex is  open to the name ITZHAK PERLMAN. In the b.g., Dorothea te waits to hear if Itzhak Perlman will say yes. 2. Parents, Roberta, Nick and Lexi hang "FIDDLEFEST CONCE posters around their neighborhood, announcing a concert a THE 92ND STREET Y with ARNOLD STEINHARDT, ITZHAK PERLMAN STUDENTS FROM THE EAST HARLEM VIOLIN PROGRAM. 3. Parents -- including Beverly Wilson, Concepcion, Mr. A and Carlos' mom and dad -- stuff envelopes with INVITATIO to "FIDDLEFEST" and accompanying LETTERS and TICKET ORDER FORMS. Roberta and Dorothea open envelopes with filled-ou TICKET ORDER FORMS and CHECKS. They stack the checks in a pile, address return envelopes and place FIDDLEFEST TICKE inside them.
127) 0) text: It's early morning. Lexi cooks breakfast while Nick and  Roberta look at scribbled-on, marked-up lists.
127) 2) dialog: There's nothing. (beat) Why don't you just do it in one of  the schools? It'll be a lot smaller  but --
127) 8) text: Nick opens the door and Dorothea rushes in, out of breath talking a mile a minute.
127) 12) text: Dorothea grins from ear to ear, Nick and Lexi whoop and  holler, and all wait for Roberta to jump up and down for but she looks stricken.
132) 0) text: Pandemonium. Nick and Lexi, both in tuxes, are doing seve tasks at once while Roberta, in a simple black velvet dre and stockinged feet, tries to put on her makeup but keeps poking her head out of the bathroom, giving orders. Alleg BARKS outside the back door.
132) 2) dialog: (fixing Lexi's tie) Yes, Mom.
132) 10) dialog: You've already got two -- how many  emergencies can there be?
132) 13) text: Nick rolls his eyes and runs upstairs while Lexi organize things by the door: Nick's cello, Roberta's papers, extra violins. Roberta rushes out of the bathroom, adjusting th earrings. She starts compulsively straightening the house
132) 16) text: Nick comes running down the stairs with the violins and s in disbelief at Roberta fluffing a couch pillow.
132) 17) dialog: What are you doing?
132) 19) dialog: You're insane, you know that? (grabs the pillow) Finish getting dressed!
137) 2) text: Nick and Assunta look towards the stairs. Roberta comes  running down.
138) 2) text: Roberta's open-mouthed. She leads her entourage towards t limo. THE NEIGHBORS come out of their houses to watch. So lean out windows, gawking. Ad libs... "Who's that?" "It's the Violin Lady!" LAWRENCE, dressed in a tux, gives Lexi high sign. The chauffeur helps Roberta and Assunta into the limo whi Nick and Lexi start to load the instruments into the trun
143) 10) dialog: Done.
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.