66) 16) text: Roberta steps forward. RAMON OLIVAS (7), a small, adorabl Puerto Rican boy with a crew cut, watches her with adorat
66) 22) text: ANGLE - Ramon listens intently with his fingers crossed.
66) 25) text: RAMON raises his hand.
66) 26) dialog: (to Roberta) I really really hope that I get in  the class.
78) 4) text: JUSTIN raises his fists in triumph. ANGLE - RAMON anxious waits to see if his name will be called. JUSTIN sits down next to him, waves his letter in Ramon's face, taunting h
78) 8) text: Ramon crosses his fingers and holds his breath.
78) 10) text: RAMON looks crushed. JUSTIN taunts him some more. LEONARD scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it. He star to cry.
78) 16) text: Ramon's face lights up.
79) 0) text: As Roberta walks through the yard, she sees kids excitedl showing acceptance letters to their moms. SHANDRA and MYESHA hold hands as they run to Shandra's mo BEVERLY WILSON, pushing a stroller. She looks at the lett and hugs Shandra. ANGLE - RAMON reads his letter to his mother, CONCEPCION  (45), whose eyes tell you that she's lived through a lot. She speaks with a Puerto Rican accent.
79) 1) dialog: This is to inform you that your child,  Ramon Olivas, has been chosen by  lottery to be in the violin program.
79) 3) text: Ramon spins round and round with the letter in his hand.
83) 0) text: Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building w Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN. His father MANUELO is a stocky, muscular man. INTERCUT between the t areas. This is a modest, well-kept apartment. Off the kit religious candles burn on a shelf above a washing machine
83) 5) text: ON RAMON, looking far from happy at the moment.
85) 0) text: ON THE BEGINNER'S CLASS, including Ramon, as they play  "Lightly Row." Roberta walks around, making corrections a she addresses the students. She doesn't see Justin poking Ramon with his bow; Ramon swats the bow away and glares a his nemesis. Roberta moves some of Shandra's braids away  from the violin.
86) 0) text: SCREECHING comes from Ramon's room as he practices "Light Row." His brothers, PEDRO (18) and ERNESTO (17), cringe a they try to watch T.V. Ernesto gives up and puts on his  Walkman; Pedro's ready to break the violin. Concepcion li patiently as she folds laundry, but even she winces.
86) 2) text: INTERCUT RAMON - He plays with pride, eyes on the music t to the wall.
87) 0) text: ON RAMON, his improved playing showing that time has pass WIDER - the beginner's class plays "Lightly Row." JUSTIN is struggling more than the other students. Robert plays along with the class, eyeing each student.
87) 10) text: She moves to Ramon and corrects his bowing position.
87) 12) text: As Roberta walks on to the next student, Justin purposely knocks over Ramon's music stand.
87) 13) dialog: Drop dead, Justin!
87) 15) dialog: Was not!
89) 0) text: Ramon, holding his bow and violin, crosses to his father  who's watching a baseball game on T.V.
89) 1) dialog: You wanna hear my new song, Papa?
89) 3) text: Ramon exits, hurt. Concepcion watches from the side, and  crosses to her husband.
91) 0) text: The beginners sit on the floor and rosin their bows. A fe chat, but it's quieter than usual, except for RAMON who i "blessing" kids with his violin bow.
91) 1) dialog: You go to heaven... You go to hell...  You go to hell... heaven...
91) 2) text: Roberta enters slowly. She looks very shaken up. She take note of what Ramon is doing, and overhears Toussaint and  Shandra in mid-conversation.
91) 5) text: Roberta gently tells Ramon to sit, and then she sits down a child-sized chair in front of them.
91) 11) dialog: (angry) I think we should just play violin.
92) 0) text: Concepcion cooks chicken and Pedro sets the table, whistl along to Ramon's O.S. violin playing "We Shall Overcome." There's a KNOCK on the door. Concepcion answers it, revea Roberta.
93) 0) text: Ramon is still playing violin as Concepcion and Roberta e When he sees Roberta he straightens up even more.
93) 3) dialog: Did that sound O.K.?
93) 5) text: Ramon smiles, pleased with himself.
93) 7) dialog: Yeah. You got very strict with him.
93) 9) text: Ramon looks away from her, upset.
93) 10) dialog: You think Justin's in heaven or hell?
93) 12) text: Ramon runs his fingers along his bow.
93) 13) dialog: I told him to drop dead.
93) 14) text: Roberta touches Ramon's back.
93) 16) dialog: How do you know?
93) 18) dialog: Yeah. I'd be better than you!
93) 19) text: They laugh together, then Ramon looks sad again.
93) 21) dialog: Not for a man.
93) 23) text: Ramon's eyes get teary. Roberta quietly leaves the room.
105) 5) dialog: We heard you got fired.
114) 0) text: SEVENTY-FIVE KIDS play "We Shall Overcome" and it's incre moving. Nick's on cello, Lexi plays piano. ROBERTA proudl leads the children. At the side of the stage, we see DORO photographing the concert. THE CAMERA PANS THE AUDIENCE o teary-eyed parents, many of them with CAM CORDERS. We FIN Ramon's family. Manuelo is riverted by his son's playing, and he starts to cry. Concepcion knows this without looki She takes his hand. ANGLE - JANET stands along the side and her eyes start to fill with tears. She tries to stay composed, then discree exits the auditorium. The song ends and the audience APPLAUDS, rising from thei seats, including ASSUNTA (now 65), next to ISABEL and DAN Someone remains seated: a REPORTER (40's), sitting beside Dan and taking notes. The STUDENTS bow, then point to Roberta who bows and take the stage. She gestures for people to sit. A beginner stu brings her flowers. Roberta kisses her, then approaches t mike.
117) 15) dialog: I don't hear no sirens.
118) 5) dialog: Yeah, like we're never gonna have no  more violin lessons --
121) 0) text: Thirty-three excited kids from Roberta's different classe chat, tune their violins, rosin their bows. The students  include Carlos, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, Rachel, Simon,  Ramon, Vanessa, and Shandra. Roberta enters the room, ful of energy, and addresses them as she heads to the front.
121) 6) text: Ramon looks through his music sheets.
121) 7) dialog: Bach's "Minuet One"?
122) 0) text: Ramon's father carefully reads the violin contract while  Ramon and Concepcion anxiously watch. He stops to look up word in the English-Spanish dictionary beside him. Ramon his mom are squirming. Manuelo nods as he finishes readin then SIGNS the contract. Ramon breaks into a smile, throw his little arms around his Papa and kisses him.
124) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids, including Carlos, Vanessa, Shandra,  Ramon, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, Simon, Thomas, De Sean a Guadalupe practice Bach's "Minuet One," Roberta leading t and giving direction. They're playing badly. Rachel plays as well, but walks around the room making  corrections. It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
126) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids are crammed into Roberta's house,  (including De Sean, Guadalupe, Ramon, Vanessa, Shandra,  Carlos, Thomas, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, and Simon),  rehearsing "Orange Blossom Special." They play badly. Rac helps Roberta correct students.
130) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids (including Ramon, Shandra, Vanessa, D Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Simon, Stephanie, Amanda an Kenny -- but RACHEL is absent) stand outside the locked s gate, waiting for Roberta. Some of the kids have their vi out of the cases, tuning them.
130) 3) dialog: Yeah. I don't think we should let  her play in Fiddlefest!
130) 4) text: A few kids start playing "CAN-CAN." It catches on, and mo of them join in. PASSERSBY stop to listen, and some drop  change into the open cases. RAMON and a couple of other k grin at this. CARLOS steps in front of the kids as he plays, and begins uncanny imitation of Roberta:
136) 0) text: ON RAMON - He's in a sharp black suit and looks very dapp WIDER - Manuelo and Concepcion stand back to admire him,  then Manuelo straightens Ramon's tie, brimming with pride over his son.
152) 0) text: Country fiddler MARK O'CONNOR plays ORANGE BLOSSOM SPECIA with the kids. He improvises, surprising them as his viol makes the sound of a TRAIN moving through a tunnel. RAMON smiles, awed by this -- but he remains calm and  professional.
154) 0) text: CRANE SHOT of the six guest violinists on stage for the G Finale, each one sharing a music stand with a student. Ro nods, and they begin THE BACH DOUBLE CONCERTO. She turns face the audience as she joins them. MOVE IN AND PAN the performers and students: NAAEM shares stand with ARNOLD STEINHARDT; ISAAC STERN stands and play with GUADALUPE, sitting beside him; ITZHAK PERLMAN sits a plays next to CARLOS, standing beside him; MICHAEL TREE p beside DE SEAN; DIANE MONROE plays beside LUCY; KAREN BRI plays beside THOMAS, and MARK O'CONNOR plays beside STEPH NICK plays cello; LEXI plays the piano behind them; and,  playing with her own solo music stand, ROBERTA. Their expressions are serious and passionate, broken by  occasional smiles lighting on faces: Isaac Stern... Lucy. Carlos... Itzhak Perlman... Diane Monroe... De Sean. The song finishes and the APPLAUSE begins. The OTHER  FIDDLEFEST PLAYERS come out from back stage, RAMON in fro and join the rest. More applause. The CAMERA PULLS BACK T INCLUDE the audience facing the stage, then REVERSES to s the audience standing in the orchestra and balconies. We see the students' PARENTS; JANET, ISABEL and their  families; ASSUNTA, LAWRENCE and DOROTHEA; DAN; CONCEPCION MANUELO and their sons; BRIAN; and DENNIS -- even he can' stop himself from applauding. BACK AGAIN to the stage where the students and guest  violinists bow... and MOVE IN CLOSER on ROBERTA in her mo of triumph.