78) 2) text: A pretty Black girl with braids and tons of barrettes jum up and down, then runs up for her letter. The kids SQUEAL and CHEER for each student called. Shandra hugs her best  friend MYESHA, a chubby Black girl who also holds a lette
79) 0) text: As Roberta walks through the yard, she sees kids excitedl showing acceptance letters to their moms. SHANDRA and MYESHA hold hands as they run to Shandra's mo BEVERLY WILSON, pushing a stroller. She looks at the lett and hugs Shandra. ANGLE - RAMON reads his letter to his mother, CONCEPCION  (45), whose eyes tell you that she's lived through a lot. She speaks with a Puerto Rican accent.
85) 0) text: ON THE BEGINNER'S CLASS, including Ramon, as they play  "Lightly Row." Roberta walks around, making corrections a she addresses the students. She doesn't see Justin poking Ramon with his bow; Ramon swats the bow away and glares a his nemesis. Roberta moves some of Shandra's braids away  from the violin.
91) 2) text: Roberta enters slowly. She looks very shaken up. She take note of what Ramon is doing, and overhears Toussaint and  Shandra in mid-conversation.
91) 4) dialog: I know more than that. At least seven  people... maybe even nine.
116) 0) text: There's a crowd of PARENTS assembled in Roberta's front r talking at once, yelling out ideas, including CONCEPCION, BEVERLY WILSON (Shandra's mom), MR. ADAMS (Black) and MRS ADAMS (Puerto Rican), the parents of James (from Roberta' first year) and Simon. DOROTHEA, JANET, ISABEL are also t ASSUNTA is keeping tabs on the refreshments.
118) 4) dialog: It makes us sad!
121) 0) text: Thirty-three excited kids from Roberta's different classe chat, tune their violins, rosin their bows. The students  include Carlos, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, Rachel, Simon,  Ramon, Vanessa, and Shandra. Roberta enters the room, ful of energy, and addresses them as she heads to the front.
124) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids, including Carlos, Vanessa, Shandra,  Ramon, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, Simon, Thomas, De Sean a Guadalupe practice Bach's "Minuet One," Roberta leading t and giving direction. They're playing badly. Rachel plays as well, but walks around the room making  corrections. It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
126) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids are crammed into Roberta's house,  (including De Sean, Guadalupe, Ramon, Vanessa, Shandra,  Carlos, Thomas, Stephanie, Amanda, Kenny, and Simon),  rehearsing "Orange Blossom Special." They play badly. Rac helps Roberta correct students.
130) 0) text: The Fiddlefest kids (including Ramon, Shandra, Vanessa, D Sean, Naeem, Guadalupe, Lucy, Simon, Stephanie, Amanda an Kenny -- but RACHEL is absent) stand outside the locked s gate, waiting for Roberta. Some of the kids have their vi out of the cases, tuning them.
135) 0) text: Beverly puts rhinestone-studded barrettes in Shandra's ha