1) 4) text: The CAMERA finds a WOMAN lying face down on a twin bed, t wavy hair sprawled across her shoulders.
2) 0) text: The WOMAN -- ROBERTA GUASPARI-DEMETRAS (38) -- retrieves photo album from the floor, looks at a photo and removes She's a beautiful woman with large, expressive eyes, but  right now she looks like hell. She stares at the photo -- it's the two couples dancing. A quick glimpse of hurt on face, then her jaw tightens and she rips the picture in h There's muffled talking outside the door, and then two yo boys' voices.
2) 2) text: She puts the half with her and her husband on the dresser then tears the woman off the other half and rips her into pieces.
11) 0) text: JANET WILLIAMS, a Black woman (40's) with a kind face, si behind her desk and looks at Roberta's resume. A sign on desk indicates that she's the DIRECTOR. Also on the desk a FRAMED PICTURE of Janet, her husband, daughter (14), an son (12). Roberta sits nervously in the chair opposite he
26) 6) text: NAEEM'S MOTHER, MRS. ADISA, steps INTO FRAME. She's an  attractive Black woman in a dress and head scarf made of  African fabric.
38) 0) text: Roberta walks around an empty, rundown apartment, her  expression somber. Crayon markings on the walls, cigarett burns on the floors, a filthy bathroom and kitchen. An ol Puerto Rican woman stands back as Roberta inspects the pl Roberta wipes grease off one of the windows.
39) 4) text: He runs off. Roberta exhales, sits down alone on a bench takes out her lunch. She smiles at ALICE CROWLEY and anot TEACHER but they cross to another bench. ISABEL VASQUEZ ( approaches, a lively Puerto Rican woman with a strong New York accent.
46) 0) text: Roberta sits opposite Janet and MRS. LAMB, a white woman her 30's.
64) 3) dialog: That's the one Lucy wrote!
66) 9) text: ANGLE - DOROTHEA (Doro-taya) VAN HAUFTEN (40's), an elega beautiful woman, smartly dressed, takes photographs from back of the room.
76) 3) text: A beat, then the door cracks open, an OLD WOMAN visible  through the chain lock.
121) 16) text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Two young men and two young women walk in carrying violins. We realize from the scar that one is NA (20), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.  With him is DE SEAN (19), a short guy with dreadlocks, lo more like a rapper than a violinist. GUADALUPE (19), walk with a cane, is now a beautiful young woman, her long bra pinned up. The fourth is a reserved Puerto Rican woman (2
121) 18) text: She hugs her, then looks closely at the other woman.
121) 20) text: The woman snaps her fingers and smiles. Roberta laughs an embraces her, then turns to the students.
155) 0) text: Roberta addresses the audience. Her voice is strong but s around the edges; she is a woman in a state of grace.