0) 65) text: KIP, the Sikh lieutenant, and HARDY, his sergeant, explor road ahead of the becalmed convoy, using saucer-like META DETECTORS and HEADSETS. Kip is young, lithe, contained, u focused as they inch along the debris-strewn road. He sti as he registers metal. With a bayonet he carefully scrape the mud-caked surface. Something GLEAMS. Suddenly, A PAIR FEET walk across his vision as HANA HURRIES PAST, walking carelessly up the road. It’s so surreal that neither man registers at first, and then Kip is shouting.
0) 67) dialog: Don’t move, Stand ABSOLUTELY
0) 69) dialog: (as he approaches) Good, that’s good, just stay still for me and then we'll be fine. He arrives at Hana. Then grabs her. He'd like to slap her
0) 70) dialog: What are you doing? What the bloody heli do you think you’re doing? By way of answer she looks at the ground ahead of her fee Jan’s BRACELET lies in the mud. Hardy bends down and coll the mangled bracelet, presses it into Hana’s hands.
4) 249) dialog: Good morning, miss.
4) 251) dialog: (does a little mime) A toddler.
4) 375) dialog: Ah, I was looking for Lieutenant Singh.
4) 377) dialog: Only we've got to go to work. 79
4) 380) dialog: It's a bomb. Up by the Viaduct. She closes the door, then reappears.
4) 382) dialog: Pardon me?
4) 385) dialog: I’m afraid so, sir. Kip hurries to his tent. Hana follows him.
4) 391) dialog: (noting it down) KK-IP2600 Sir! I‘11, get the oxygen.
4) 396) dialog: Corporal !?
4) 398) dialog: (incredulous) Stop them!
4) 400) dialog: What is this - a bloody carnival? Stop them!
4) 402) text: Two Sappers run across the bridge towards the oncoming procession. They wave their orange flags, the tanks wave with their flags - Stars and Stripes, Union Jacks. Now SH are ringing out. In the shaft, oblivious, Kip slides out under the bomb, the oxygen spurting everywhere, all over clothes, hissing on the surface of the water. Hardy bends the shaft, heedless of his own safety.
4) 403) dialog: You've got to cut, sir, that frost won’t last.
4) 405) dialog: Yessir.
4) 407) dialog: I know, sir. Kip rubs his hands to warm them up, locates his needle pl and slips them through the tiny gap. His hand touches the casing and the freeze BURNS his hand. He jerks back, DROP THE PLIERS into the watery sludge, cursing. Above them the tanks are rumbling over the bridge, sendin drizzles of dust onto them from the fragile structure. Th cheering continues, oblivious to the crisis below. Now Kip‘s on his hands and knees in the sludge, trying frantically to find the pliers. Hardy looks at his watch, can't help. The seconds run out as Kip groveis in the mud
4) 408) dialog: Can you feel them? Then, suddenly Kip emerges with the pliers, soaked, shudd He doesn’t know where to cut.
4) 412) dialog: Get a blanket! (not getting attention) Spalding - get a blanket for the Lieutenant!