1) 36) text: land. Almasy doesn't look up. The Arab continues to talk. plane sweeps past the cluster of tents and camels and tru which constitutes the Base Camp for a team of internation explorers, led by Almasy and his colleague, Peter Madox.
1) 40) dialog: Marvellous plane. Did you look?
1) 43) dialog: We can finally consign my old bird to the scrap heap. Almasy smiles and walks on towards the others. D‘ AGOSTINO Mrs. Clifton - Count Almasy. 13
1) 55) text: Almasy and Madox head for Madox’s Tiger Moth. They turn t machine around like a toy, pointing it in the right direc for take-off. During this Almasy complains and Madox medi there’s a suspicion that this is a familiar dynamic.
1) 57) dialog: Absolute rot. They come highly recommended from the Royal Geographic. She's charming and has read everything, he's meant to be a ruddy good pilot.
1) 59) dialog: He can make aerial maps of the entire area.
1) 61) dialog: Contact. Almasy spins the propellor. It flashes into life. EXT. GILF KEBIR PLATEAU. MORNING. Both planes are scouting the Gilf Kebir region. Geoffrey up alongside Madox and wiggles his wings. Madox waves. Th flying over a distinctive group of GRANITE MASSIFS, Crate shaped hills. The broken towers of the Gilf Kebir. Almasy distracted by them. He turns to Madox and points down, indicating they should explore them. Madox nods and brings the plane lower and they fly into t mouth of one of the huge craters. The Cliftons’ plane fol them into the black ravines, pitted with signs of scrub. 15 Almasy gestures to the Cliftons to PHOTOGRAPH the Massif THUMBS UP from Geoffrey, who pulls out his camera and beg shooting. INT. THE PATIENT'S ROOM. MORNING. Hana changes The Patient’s bed. The light streams in from open window. She looks up at the green hills rolling away the Monastery, the village in the distance.
1) 91) dialog: So Geoffrey ~ let that be a lesson to you.
1) 167) dialog: By car? Impossible. If we try and drive north of Kufra by car, we’ll leave our bones in the desert.
1) 169) dialog: You’re Hungarian, you always disagree. Geoffrey Clifton appears.
1) 172) dialog: Mrs. Clifton, you'll have to forgive us. We’re not accustomed to the company of women.
1) 177) dialog: I’m afraid we’re not having much luck obtaining funds for the expedition.
1) 179) dialog: A more modest expedition, or even wait a year. Remind our families we still exist.
1) 181) dialog: Very much so. We all are, save my friend here. He nods at Almasy. Clifton appears tremendously relieved.
1) 213) dialog: And a special thank-you to Geoffrey and Katharine, without whose fund-raising heroics we’d still be kicking our heels.
1) 215) dialog: (to Almasy) Did Katharine say? Geoffrey has to fly back to Cairo.
4) 0) text: PAINTINGS EMERGE, figures, animals. Ancient pictures. A giraffe. Cattle. Fish. Men with bows and arrows. Almasy h the whole party into the heart of the cave. Now Madox com alongside him at the wall, his flashlight joining Almasy’ increasing the visibility of the paintings. A dark-skinne figure, apparently in the process of DIVING into water, c clearly into view. Then others, supine, arms outstretched
4) 1) dialog: (with audible excitement) My God, they’re swimming! They're swimming! The others crowd around. Five excited faces in the green of the cave.
4) 8) text: LATER and the group have cleaned up as best as possible. Bermann, and Fouad are a little worse for wear. Fouad’s a in a sling, and D’Ag is sporting a bloody head bandage. B has broken a finger and is being attended to by Madox. Th luggage, water, and petrol have been stacked up and the m loading the remaining car.
4) 10) dialog: I'll be back as quick as I can. Thirty-six hours at the outside.
4) 12) dialog: (nods at Almasy, then shouts over to the wrecked vehicles) Bermann! This is Bermann’s cue to take leave of Kamal, who is stay behind. Kamal makes a little bow.
4) 14) dialog: (irascible) Now what?
4) 17) dialog: Certainly not.
4) 25) text: She’s already turning, heading back up the slope, leaving perimeter of the shelter. EXT. THE DESERT. NIGHT. Katharine sits alone on top of the Dune, smoking, surveyi landscape. Below her the camp - a fresh wind flicking at tarpaulin, The deep tracks of Madox’s car stretching off towards civilization. Almasy heads up towards her.
4) 305) dialog: (pushing away his charts) You can’t get through there.
4) 307) dialog: So - on Thursday you don’t trust Bell’s map - “Bell was a fool, Bell couldn’t draw a map” - but on Friday he’s suddenly infallible? Almasy is surprised by Madox’s anger.
4) 308) dialog: And where are the Expedition Maps?
4) 310) dialog: Those maps belong to His Majesty’s Government. They shouldn't be left lying 71
4) 311) text: MADOX (cont‘d) around for any Tom, Dick or Harry to have sight of.
4) 313) dialog: Don’t be so bloody naive. You know there’s a war breaking out. (he tosses a slip of paper onto the map, recites its message) This arrived this morning. By order of the British Government - all International Expeditions to be aborted by May 1939.
4) 316) dialog: What do we find in the desert? Arrowheads, spears. In a war, if you own the desert, you own North Africa.
4) 319) dialog: For God's sake, man - pull yourself together. 72
4) 334) dialog: (ignoring the drama of this entrance) Good, we're all here? A toast, to the International Sand Club - may it soon resurface.
4) 343) text: ALMASY (cont‘d) slowly, but these were the words, actually, before they were cleaned up. Might be a song for you, Mrs. Clif - Madox gets up and pulls Almasy into his chair, taking cha
4) 344) dialog: (whispering sharply) Look, either shut up, or go home. You're completely plastered! Now sit down.
4) 460) dialog: It’s ghastly, it's like a witch hunt - anybody remotely foreign is suddenly a spy, 50 watch out.
4) 462) dialog: We didn’t care about countries. Did we? Brits, Arabs, Hungarians, Germans. None of that mattered, did it? It was something finer than that.
4) 464) dialog: When's Clifton picking you up?
4) 466) dialog: I‘11l leave the plane in Kufra Oasis. So if you need it...hard to know how long one’s talking about. We might all be back in a month or two.
4) 467) text: Madox kneels and takes A HANDFUL OF SAND, puts it into hi pocket. Almasy puts out a hand. This is a moment of great emotional weight for them both, conducted as if nothing w happening.
4) 468) dialog: I have to teach myself not to read too much into everything. Comes of too long having to read so much into hardly anything at all.
4) 470) dialog: (in Arabic) May God make safety your companion.
4) 472) dialog: In case you're still wondering - this is called the suprasternal notch. Almasy nods.
4) 473) dialog: Come and visit us in Dorset. When all this nonsense is over. (then shrugs, thick with feeling) You’11 never come to Dorset. Almasy watches Madox leave. INT. PATIENT’S ROOM. DAY The Patient is still digesting the news of Madox’s suicid Caravaggio is a little surprised at his response.