0) 0) text: SILENCE. THE DESERT seen from the air. An ocean of dunes mile after mile. The late sun turns the sand every colour crimson to black and makes the dunes look like bodies pre against each other. An old AEROPLANE is flying over the Sahara. Its shadow sw over the contours of sand. A woman's voice begins to sing - Szerelem, szerelem, she in a haunting lament for her loved one. INSIDE the aeroplane are two figures. One, A WOMAN, seems asleep. Her pale head rests against the side of the cockp Behind her THE PILOT, a man, wears goggles and a leather helmet. He is singing, too, but we can’t hear him or the or anything save the singer’s plaintive voice. The plane shudders over a ridge. Beneath it A SUDDEN CLUS MEN AND MACHINES, camouflage nets draped over the sprawl gasoline tanks and armoured vehicles. An OFFICER, GERMAN, focusses his field glasses. The glasses pick out the MARK on the plane. They are in English. An ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUN s furiously. Shocking bursts of GUNFIRE. Explosions rock the plane, wh lurches violently. The fuel tank is punctured. It sprays gasoline, then erupts in flame engulfing both figures in fireball.
0) 44) dialog: Name? Rank? Serial number?
0) 47) dialog: Can you remember where you were born?
0) 49) dialog: Why? Are you German?
0) 51) dialog: How do you know you’re not German if you don’t remember anything?
0) 54) dialog: This was your garden?
0) 56) dialog: Then you were married?
4) 268) text: head, moans, falls to her feet. Caravaggio doesn’t look, straight ahead. An officer watches him as he turns briefl helplessly out of concern for her. Their eyes catch for a instant and the officer sees it. Caravaggio slowly walks away from the line. A soldier sho halt, the crowd ducks for cover. Caravaggio puts up his a surrender.
5) 20) text: towards this ancient Trading Post. A Brtish Sentry watche approach with interest. EXT. SQUARE AT EL TAJ. DAY. The Sentry, a CORPORAL, brings Almasy into a square. A yo OFFICER sits at a table in the shadows of his office. His CAR is parked in the shade.
5) 21) dialog: Good morning! (the Corporal has a water bottle, hands it to Almasy) So, golly, where have you come from?
5) 23) dialog: May I see your papers, sir?
5) 25) dialog: If I could just see some form of identification?
5) 27) dialog: Right. Now, if I could just take your name.
5) 29) text: The Officer is writing this down. A glance at his Corpora
5) 30) dialog: Almasy - would you mind spelling that? What nationality would that be?
5) 32) dialog: (writing) I understand you are agitated - perhaps if you’d like to sit down I could radio back to