33) 14) dialog: This is Captain Eszterhas. Do you read? Over. Trooper Prestone passes the mike over his shoulder to Halsey.
33) 17) dialog: I want to know if you're alright, Halsey. Over.
33) 19) dialog: I'm supposed to swallow that story? What do you suggest we do?
33) 21) dialog: Are you willing to lay down your arms and surrender? Over. (CONTINUED)
33) 25) dialog: Alright. I will give you the chance to give up. What I want you to do is hand your weapons over to my men. I will be with you in a little while. Are we in agreement? Over.
33) 27) dialog: I'll see you shortly. Over and out. The two Highway Patrolmen, who have been listening to the conversation, exchange flabbergasted glances. The kid grins broadly in relief.
53) 1) text: Jim Halsey comes to. Groggily, he opens his eyes to blink, blinded at his bright white surroundings. He is lying on a cot. His torso is naked and the abrasions have been washed and disinfected with peroxide. He is still in his stained Levi's. Gold badges gleam. Officers and officials of the police and justice departments stand around scerutiniz- ing him and speaking amongst each other. Doctors and nurses are interspersed with them. White smocks and aprons amid blue uniforms, black suits and ties. Medics and orderlies move around carts and fetch hospi- tal supplies. Two sunglassed federal agents are doing sentry duty by the door. The mountainous, monocled Texas Ranger CAPTAIN ESZTERHAS is looming over the cot. His expression is dreadful. He holds his Stetson hat in his hands on his landslide girth.
53) 2) dialog: I'm Captain Henry Eszterhas. I can't tell you how sorry I am, son.
53) 4) dialog: You're in the infirmary of the Highway Patrol headquarters building. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
53) 7) dialog: You've been unconscious for hours. This was partly due to a hard blow to your privates, partly due to psychological shock. Can you remember anything about the last few hours? Jim is quiet and lost in himself, like he's amnesiac about the last few hours and can't remember a thing. His eyes light up.
53) 11) dialog: I think that's unnecessary. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
53) 14) dialog: Mr. Halsey here is a very strong young man who has been under abnormal stress. I'm sure he can keep his head but I'll ask him.
53) 16) dialog: We have him in custody. As a Matter of fact he's in this building. He's under armed guard right now... You're cleared of all charges, Jim.
53) 18) dialog: I think you should lie down awhile. You've had a rough day.
53) 20) dialog: Are you okay?
53) 22) dialog: I'll have them brought to you.
53) 27) dialog: If you will excuse us, gentlemen. The police commander gestures the kid towards the door, signaling the federal agents stationed there to stand aside.
54) 1) text: Jim Halsey and Captain Eszterhas shove through the swinging doors and walk amidst the traffic of patrolmen and policewomen parading by.
54) 3) dialog: We don't know. We put his fingerprints and shots through the computers and we've come up with nothing. No prison record. No driver's license. No birth certificate. I'm sure we'll come up with something, but right now we don't know a thing about him. They reach the --
55) 2) dialog: How do you take your coffee, Jim?
55) 9) dialog: In the prison quadrant.
55) 11) dialog: In a holding tank.
55) 13) dialog: He is watched around the clock by eight guards with shotguns. Jim nods to himself and stubs out his cigarette. He looks Captain Eszterhas in the eye.
55) 15) dialog: Out of the question.
55) 17) dialog: Forget about it.
55) 22) dialog: You have three minutes with him. Let's go. The cop turns and heads down the hall towards a bolted iron door to the prison quadrant. The kid follows him.
56) 2) dialog: There he is. He can't see us. Halsey walks up and looks through the window.
58) 1) text: Jim Halsey has his eyes riveted on John Ryder in his straightjacket, chained to his solid steel seat. He takes a step to the window. Captain Eszterhas squints, scrutinizing the kid. He looks through the two-way mirror to see the Sergeant sit down on his chair with the back-rest between his legs.
60) 2) dialog: If you lay a hand on him, you will be locked up. Are we understood? Jim nods, preoccupied. Captain Eszterhas opens the door to the interrogation room. Halsey takes 4 deep breath and walks into --
61) 7) dialog: I think that's quite enough. This meeting is concluded. It was a bad idea in the first place. The police commander accompanies Jim to the door.
63) 0) text: The kid settles into his seat as Captain Eszterhas SWITCHES ON THE ENGINE, shifts into gear and steers out of the lot onto the access ramp. The young man's fea- tures look haggard, battered and haunted in the early traces of morning light. The police commander drives the car onto the freeway in the opposite direction of the departing bus.
63) 2) dialog: The department has a room reserved for you at the Best Western. You should get some sleep. You've had a long day.
63) 4) dialog: Something on your mind, son?
63) 6) dialog: Right now he's on his way to a holding tank in the Huntsville Maximum Security Penitentiary.
63) 8) dialog: Yes, I guess I do. His trial is set for two weeks from today. You'll be the star witness and your testimony should serve to get him committed to a high-security sanitarium for the rest of his life. (CONTINUED)
63) 13) dialog: You listen and you listen good. There's something strange going on between the two of you. I don't know what it is and I don't know if I want to know. I don't like it. And I'll warn you. The psycho is in the hands of the authorities and whatever happens to him will be decided by the judicial process. It doesn't have anything to do with you. Halsey shrugs his shoulders and stares straight ahead, his mind working.
63) 15) dialog: Sure. The cop looks down at his breast pocket, reaching to remove his pack. Jim snakes out his hand and snatches the Colt .45 out of the police commander's sideholster, aiming it in a two-hand grip at the man's head. Captain Eszterhas is too slow to stop him. Halsey speaks in a soft whisper.
63) 17) dialog: You're not going to use that. (CONTINUED)
63) 22) dialog: What do you have in mind?
63) 24) dialog: You're going to get killed. If you don't die, you'll be imprisoned.
63) 26) dialog: You don't know what you're doing.
64) 0) text: Captain Eszterhas stands in the smokey smog of dust and dirt swirled up by the rapidly receding car. (CONTINUED)