20) 6) dialog: Put your hands in the air and get down on the ground! Jim is stunned. He just stands frozen with a stupid look on his face.
20) 9) dialog: Do you have any identification with you?
22) 2) dialog: You have the right to remain silent... A SHOUT attracts the attention of the two policemen. They turn their heads to see Galveston run down the stairs of the restaurant and across the lot, stopping and standing in appalled silence, squinting squeamishly at the scene. Jim stares at her stuperously.
22) 6) dialog: This psychotic has slaughtered ten people on the highways in the last two days. We found this switchblade in his jacket and it fits the APB on the airwaves. The policeman shows the girl the shiv in the handker- chief. Halsey shakes his head slowly. She looks back and forth between the kid and the cops, not knowing what to think. Jim shuts his eyes and slumps as Trooper Donner reads off his rights. Trooper Dodge opens the rear door of the car. (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: A small, L-shaped building of drab green brick. A driveway leads down to it off the busy thoroughfare of Interstate Highway 10. The squad car turns off the freeway and pulls up in front of the glass doors of the main entrance. Troopers Donner and Dodge drag the limp Jim Halsey out of the back, hauling him through the doors into the -~
24) 9) dialog: Kid had a switchblade that fits the general description the forensic people sent out.
24) 11) dialog: Name?
24) 18) dialog: Where'd you get the car?
24) 20) dialog: Do you have the registration?
24) 24) dialog: You got one more call.
24) 33) dialog: Get him printed, get his shots, get him locked up, get him out of my sight. Trooper Donner yanks the arrest report sheet out of the typewriter spool and sets out an ink pad. Trooper Dodge unlocks the handcuffs, smearing Jim's finger- prints onto the sponge and the ten digits onto the appropriate spaces on the paper. Halsey doesn't dare resist. Desk Sergeant Starr goes over to the photography rig in the corner. Flicking on the floodlight, he adjusts the box camera and inserts plastic numerals into a block with a neck strap. Jim is led over to the seamless backing in front of the lens. The numeralled block is slung around his neck. The flashbulb strobes four times as snapshots are taken of his front and side views. Despondent, the kid is led away from the mug shot setup by Trooper Dodge. He is drawn toward a door leading into an adjoining area. The rookie unlatches it and pushes the boy into -- 26 27 28 37.
29) 0) text: Jim Halsey runs at full-tilt out of the driveway and into the tall, dry crabgrass that lines the roadside. A SYMPHONY OF SIRENS rise and stop him in his tracks. The kid hits the deck, ducking down onto his stomach in the weeds to see a posse of five black and white police cars blur past with their cherry-tops flaring. Peeking through the grass blades, the young man watches them assemble and congregate in the driveway of the slaugh- terhouse stationhouse. Ten troopers dash out of their vehicles and into the building. In a second, six of the cops scramble out the door and sprint into three of the squad cars. In a SQUEAL OF SMOKING TIRES, the vehicles speed out onto the highway in opposite direc- tions. The kid waits until he is sure he is not being watched and takes off out of his place of concealment. He runs into a field of high weeds as fast as his legs will carry him. He is running blind, his eyes squeezed shut, his head thrown back, his face flushed crimson. His fists are clenched. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Jim walks over to one of the pillars and leans back against it. He taps a Marlboro out of his pack. He breaks it apart in a crumple of paper and tobacco shreds. The WAIL of a SIREN makes him dodge for cover behind the pinion. He withdraws the .357 Magnum from his belt and takes hold of it with both hands. A Highway Patrol car with its beacon over the ramp incline into the lot. Swerves around and comes to a stop. and TROOPER CONNERS get out, leaving ablaze bobs up The vehicle
33) 0) text: Trooper Conners slides over and Trooper Prestone gets behind the wheel. Halsey braces his sneakers against the frame of the front seat. Resting his elbows, he keeps a steady and unwavering two-hand grip on the cannon.
36) 0) text: The bus sits pluming heat waves into the baking noon air. In the distance down the freeway, a flurry of police activity. Sparking red road flares are set on the blacktop. A squadron of highway patrol cars are parked around the blood-spattered one. Troopers are hauling the dead bodies out and placing them on the tarmac. One cop is directing traffic. The bus driver waddles to the rear of the cruiser, absorbed in the spectacle down the road. Halsey steals out the door to the diner and sneaks across the lot, up the gangway and into the bus.
39) 0) text: The .357 Magnum is chucked out the open door. It lands on the gravel. TROOPER HAPSCOMB and TROOPER HANCOCK are approaching the bus. They draw out their handguns and wait in apprehension. Jim Halsey climbs gingerly down the gangway. He disem- barks with his hands clasped behind his head.
40) 0) text: Galveston is biting her lip as she leans over the head- rest of a seat, looking out the tinted glass window at Jim standing with his hands behind his head with the Troopers on either side. 41 42 57.
41) 0) text: The young man swallows as he sees the cop cock back the hammer of the gun with his thumb. The kid understands the situation. He scrambles away and scatters along the shoulder of the road. The Highway Patrolmen drop to one knee and draw beads on him. Their fingers close on the triggers. A GUNSHOT cuts the air. Halsey cries out and collapses on the blacktop tarmac. Troopers Hapscomb and Hancock stay still and start to sweat. Galveston is standing outside the door of the bus. Her simple country girl face is flushed with anxiety. She is aiming the .357 Magnum she is holding in her hands at the backs of the crouched Highway Patrolmen. Gunsmoke drifts from the barrel.
43) 12) dialog: We are ordering you to stop! If you ignore this warning, you will be shot down! The kid looks over his shoulder to see the squad car keeping perfect pace alongside. The passenger door is so close he could reach out and touch it. A bald Trooper is aiming a sawed-off shotgun at point-blank range, resting his elbow on the base of the window for a brace. Halsey spins the steering wheel hand over hand and smashes the police car sideways. The skinhead Trooper is slammed into his partner at the wheel. Jim watches as the patrol car goes out of control, sideswiping the aluminum divider and slipsliding around the road. It recovers and resumes its pursuit. The second squad car drifts to the right and comes into alighnment. The THIN BLAST OF A SHOTGUN. The backshield is blown out in a hailstorm of tinted glass granules that hurri- cane into the front seat. Galveston covers her head and screams. A SECOND BLAST. The trunk door flies open, peppered with buckshot. A THIRD BLAST. The trunk gate disappears. BRANNNNG! It comes crashing down on the hood, flopping over the windshield.