1) 1) text: And here they are: ELLA and JOHN. He’s got a white beard wears glasses with progressive lenses. He looks like he’s totally absorbed in his driving. Every so often he shoots look at Ella, who uses her gaze to encourage and direct h which way to go, while also keeping an eye on a map sprea her lap. She has a small, golden purse on her knee, from which she occasionally pulls a tiny mirror to check her appearance.
1) 5) dialog: Take a right. Here. Exactly. Very good. John follows orders with a mysterious calm. Ella watches closely.
1) 6) dialog: Couldn’t you have worn something more comfortable to travel in? He’s wearing a checkered shirt under a tweed jacket. A li handkerchief protrudes from his breast pocket. She leans closer and sniffs.
1) 7) dialog: And I think you've exaggerated a bit with the eau de cologne. Though you do smell nice. Scene 4 Page 4. John smiles agreeably, but something tells us that he’s n really grasping what he’s being told. He sniffs the air a the camper’s interior fills now with the sound of: THE RONETTES SINGING ‘BE MY BABY’ He finally speaks:
1) 10) dialog: Excuse me?
1) 12) dialog: (scandalized laugh) What are you talking about? You can’t say that! But she also sniffs the air, then cranes her neck to look between the seats - there’s a wisp of smoke coming from t engine’s trap door. She leans forward to pull a rug from beneath her feet. Sh places it over the leak. He glances at her, but soon loses interest and looks back the road ahead. They're passing through a leafy suburb filled with banner and signs from the 2016 campaign. A bus full of school ki passes; some of them point and make faces. Ella waves to them through the window.
1) 13) dialog: Hello! Hi! Such beautiful children... you can go now, hon. The street’s clear. John? Go! Put that old engine to work!
1) 16) dialog: Do we need gas, hon?
1) 18) dialog: Let’s stop at Stuckey’s, okay? Like we used to. We could get a Pecan Log.
1) 20) dialog: Our Stuckey’s, hon. Come on, try to remember.
1) 23) dialog: Nothing. Just drive. EXT. STUCKEY’S - DAY 5 The Leisure Seeker cuts across oncoming traffic, causing to swerve and horns to sound. It pulls up to a gas pump. Two attendants approach. They are both Middle Eastern in appearance; around thirty years old. They act like a marr couple. The FEMALE ATTENDANT washes windows while the MAL ATTENDANT starts to pump gas. Meanwhile, Ella stares at t station’s boarded-up windows. Scene 5 Page 6.
1) 24) dialog: Is the store closed? We really wanted one of your delicious Pecan Logs.
1) 26) dialog: No, I can’t believe it. You hearing this, hon? John nods, imperceptibly, although he doesn’t seem much interested. So Ella makes friends with the attendant.
1) 27) dialog: Every summer we’d head south, and we always stopped at Stuckey’s. Jane and Will - the kids - they’d make us stock up on Pecan Logs.
1) 29) dialog: We were visiting my family in South Carolina. That’s where I’m from. John, on the other hand, he’s a real Yankee. Born and bred.
1) 31) dialog: They were lovely trips. Right, John? I guess I’m just a natural born tourist. I love to travel. Smoky Mountains, Six Flags, Williamsburg... you ever been to any of those places?
1) 33) dialog: Well, they’re amazing. You should take the family. Do you have children? The man’s face darkens momentarily with sadness. But he overcomes it.
1) 35) dialog: Certainly. She pulls money from her purse and leans out the window t hand it to him. As she does, she quietly confides:
1) 36) dialog: John is a much more sophisticated tourist than me. Oh, he likes to travel, but he thinks travel should broaden the intellectual horizons, whatever that’s supposed to mean... The attendant pockets the money and gives her a curt nod.
1) 38) dialog: Thank you, and I’m sorry if I spoke too much. I do love to chitchat. (to John) Let’s roll, hon! John does as he’s told, putting the camper in gear, but a soon as they start to move the Female Attendant waves the a stop. There’s something in her hand.
1) 40) dialog: What a nice woman! She found one in the storeroom. (She puts on her reading glasses) Its expiry date was last April, but it’1l still be all right, don’t you think? You want half, hon? Scene 6 Page 8. (shakes his head) I want a burger.
1) 41) dialog: It’s not lunch time yet. There was something sweet about that woman. She had such pretty eyes. Pretty, but sad. They both did. Don’t you think, John? John seems to consider her question, but then, as if sayi it for the first time:
2) 2) dialog: Hello, Chantal. I’m Ella and this is John. Looks like you’re stuck with us!
2) 5) dialog: Happy Swirl! I have absolutely no idea what that could be, but it sure sounds promising.
2) 7) dialog: Chow Attack for Mr. Grumpy here.
2) 9) dialog: Just water.
2) 11) dialog: I'll just have a sip of his Happy Swirl.
2) 14) dialog: That will be all.
2) 16) dialog: Thank you, Chantal. Chantal takes their order on a pad, thanks them, and hurr off. The place is pretty crowded; there are multiple big screens nearby, one with sports highlights, one where candidates debate as part of the ongoing campaign, both w no sound. On another, a music video loudly p lays... «+A TECHNO DANCE TRACK Scene 8 Page 10. Ella notices a payphone by the counter. She turns to John looks in his eyes and speaks forcefully.
2) 17) dialog: I’m gonna stretch my legs. You stay put. EXT. ELLA’S AND JOHN’S HOUSE - DAY 9 A dejected Will emerges from his pick-up. Lillian, workin her garden, gives him a questioning look, but he shakes h head. He walks briskly toward his parents’ front door. A woman stands on the front porch, talking on the phone. Will’s older sister JANE.
2) 25) dialog: Will, darling, please don’t use that language with me. While speaking on the phone, she does not lose sight of h husband, still at the table, absorbed by the big screen T
2) 26) dialog: You need to calm down. If you raise your voice again I’1l hang up immediately. Jane, who’s come close to hear what’s being said, snatche the phone from her little brother's hands.
2) 28) dialog: We're just taking a little trip, Jane. We won’t be gone long.
2) 30) dialog: This is something I really needed to do with your father. Will, who has put his ear close to the phone, buries his in his hands when he hears the word ‘trip.’ He begins to nervously.
2) 32) dialog: Your father and I didn’t decide a thing. You and Will and those quack doctors did that for us. Will cannot resist. He grabs the phone back from Jane. Scene 10 Page 12.
2) 34) dialog: Sick doesn’t quite describe it, Will. I’m something else altogether.
2) 37) dialog: I've had it up to here with their treatment. I’ve been there, I’ve done that, it wasn’t pretty.
2) 39) dialog: Kids, try to understand. Let me have this vacation with your father.
2) 42) dialog: Your father’s perfectly capable of driving. He’s doing very well. Ella sees that Chantal has delivered their food, and John energetically telling her something.
2) 43) dialog: Kids, we'll manage. We love you. She hangs up and moves back to the table, where John now harangues an intimidated Chantal.
2) 48) dialog: You can just ignore him, you know.
2) 52) dialog: John, sweetheart, leave the poor girl alone. She gently pries John’s hand from Chantal’s wrist.
2) 55) dialog: Thanks, Chantal, we’re fine.
2) 58) dialog: Eat, John. You want me to cut it up for you? John lowers his eyes toward the plate.
2) 61) dialog: So how is it? John nods, raises a thumb.
2) 62) dialog: And now yours. 11 Scene 10 Page 15. She hands the box to John, who swallows his pills. She pu the glass of water toward him.
2) 63) dialog: I’'ll chase mine with this famous Happy Swirl. She swallows her daily dose. Blue pills, white pills. She chases them down with a shot of the frothy drink.
2) 64) dialog: Not bad.
2) 66) dialog: I remember that one. The guy’s telling her to have an abortion, but your Hemingway never actually writes the word.
2) 68) dialog: It was always so nice when you read to me in bed. INT. ELLA’S AND JOHN’S KITCHEN - DAY 11 Jane sits in the kitchen with a steaming cup of coffee an slice of Will’s cake. He’s still very upset.
2) 80) dialog: «+. but everybody came to my cousin Jane's wedding. Remember? They sat us at a table by that huge picture window. up and down. He cannot find the memory...
2) 81) dialog: Do you remember who was there?
2) 83) dialog: Yes, John. You were there and I was there and the kids were there. I’m saying who else beside us. You don’t remember. At our table, there were Michael's relatives from Charlotte, and... LOOK OUT! Scene 12 Page 17. She shouts because an SUV has cut into their lane. Ella braces her feet and closes her eyes, waiting for the impa But John brakes in time as he instinctively reaches out a arm to protect his wife. The camper swerves. Sunglasses, and guidebooks fly off the dashboard. A door slams at the back of the camper as other objects crash to the floor. Meanwhile, the SUV accelerates away. The camper steadies.
2) 84) dialog: Jesus!
2) 86) dialog: That was amazing, John.
2) 88) dialog: Yes you do. John puts his hands back on the wheel, his eyes on an arr of road signs. One points to Philadelphia and Baltimore.
2) 89) dialog: That way, okay? Old Route 1. You remember the road? We took it a thousand times.
2) 91) dialog: That’s the plan.
2) 93) dialog: What people? My parents? They’re dead, John.
2) 95) dialog: I wonder if they’re having fun up there, if it’s a joyous place, where you sing and dance while drinking Happy Swirls all day. What do you think happens, you know, after? John? John, incongruously, begins to sing:
2) 97) dialog: ...And, feelin' good was easy, Lord, when he sang the blues You know, feelin' good was good enough for me...... Meanwhile, Ella spots a wisp of smoke coming from the tra door she earlier covered with the rug. The Leisure Seeker rolls down the great highway, passing signs for the Pennsylvania border as they continue to sin ELLA AND JOHN (CONT’D) ..-Good enough for me and my Bobby McGee...
4) 0) text: At dusk, Ella sits at the picnic table, a cardigan draped over her shoulders, enjoying the cool evening weather.
4) 3) dialog: (friendly) Hi there! While his wife puts the children to sleep, the MALE CAMPE wanders over to admire the old Leisure Seeker.
4) 5) dialog: It was a gift from my parents so we'd come visit them. Our Leisure Seeker. My husband hated it at first - he used to say it was kinda low class. But he got used to it in the end. We’ve had a lot of great trips in this old rust- bucket. Scene 14 Page 20.
4) 7) dialog: Oh, you'd have to ask John about all that. Though he’s taking a nap right now. The FEMALE CAMPER appears.
4) 9) dialog: Actually, we just started. We’re headed south, down to where I grew up, between Charleston and Savannah.
4) 11) dialog: Yeah, we'd always go on vacation there. But this time we’re going even further south. All the way down to the Florida Keys.
4) 13) dialog: I’m finally taking John to Hemingway's house in Key West - have you ever been? They both shake their heads.
4) 16) dialog: Yes. I never understood why... Scene 14 Page 21. Ella's voice trails off. For a moment, she seems deeply m and lost in thought, as if she’s only now beginning to understand why. But then she snaps out of it.
4) 17) dialog: John knows everything about him. He’s always wanted to see that house. Every year I’d promise him we'd go, but, you know how it is travelling with little kids... of course we've been to Melville's place. That’s just a few hours from our house. Have you been there? He wrote Moby Dick. It’s very interesting. Her neighbors nod, not knowing what to make of all this.
4) 18) dialog: .». it was actually a big pain in the rear for me and Will (she laughs). My daughter loved it. I think that’s why she became a professor. John is so proud of her. He’s a teacher too. The neighbors continue to smile, though now they exchange look, wondering how to escape this talkative lady.
4) 19) dialog: Poor Will, on the other hand, he’s still struggling to find his way... The Male Camper pats his pockets, looking desperately at wife - time to go - but then John appears at the door of Leisure Seeker, looking groggy, his hair out of place.
4) 21) dialog: No, honey. We live in Massachusetts. This is Pennsylvania.
4) 23) dialog: We're on vacation. And we're having a whale of a time, right? Scene 14 Page 22.
4) 25) dialog: My husband John. And these are our neighbors...?
4) 30) dialog: I hope so! (hisses to John) Just Say goodbye...
4) 32) dialog: I’1ll make your tea when I’m good and ready. I’m quite comfortable sitting here.
4) 34) dialog: You'll just be up peeing all night.
4) 36) dialog: Lower your voice, mister. We’re not the only ones here. In fact, make it yourself. You’re not an invalid.
4) 39) dialog: I give up. She walks off.
5) 0) text: John and Ella open the bed in the dinette, with coordinat gestures, as they’ve done so many times. Then John gets u the covers. Ella sits near him, putting drops into a glas illuminated by a small light.
5) 1) dialog: Here, drink it all. She gives him two tablets that John chases down with the filled water. And then she caresses him like he’s her chi
6) 0) text: The Taylor family’s camper starts up and rolls away, revealing the Leisure Seeker, from which John, still in pajamas, emerges to check a small water filter on the sid the camper. He nods, smiling to himself. And then he goes inside. Ella was sleeping, for the first time we see her short haircut post-chemo style. His bustling wakes her.
6) 1) dialog: Good morning, Johnny my dear. She combs out her spectacular wig that has spent the nigh a Styrofoam head on the nightstand, then puts it on.
6) 4) dialog: I’m so happy when you come back to me.
6) 6) dialog: I’m fine.
6) 8) dialog: Chester County, south of Philadelphia. Scene 16 Page 24A.
6) 10) dialog: John? He looks at her, disoriented.
6) 11) dialog: What’s happening?
6) 13) dialog: (sighs) It’s so nice when you forget to be forgetful. Too bad it ends so quickly. I just can’t get used to it.
6) 15) dialog: Nothing. Let me make the coffee. You should get dressed, my love. John smiles at her but does not move. Ella grasps him gen by the arm and moves him toward the bed.
6) 16) dialog: Come on, slow-poke.
6) 17) text: The Leisure Seeker moves down Route 1, passing the skylin of Baltimore and Washington. The road is ugly here. There car repair shops, fast food restaurants, Walmarts and che furniture outlets. Ella does not like what she’s seeing. She has the map ope her lap, while John, dressed in a checkered shirt, drives with his usual absorption.
6) 18) dialog: How ‘bout we stop at Old Chesapeake? The children loved it and you didn’t mind it so much, did you? Scene 17 JOHN Page 26. Old what?
6) 19) dialog: The historical village in Virginia. You used to love the museum... After a moment’s silence John murmurs.
6) 21) dialog: What did you say?
6) 23) dialog: Who?
6) 25) dialog: Who the hell is Dan?
6) 27) dialog: Oh my God... Daniel Coleman? She looks at him, expecting more, but he’s fallen silent.
6) 28) dialog: (dumbfounded) What is going on in your mind?
6) 30) dialog: Who? Scene 17 Page 27.
6) 32) dialog: What on earth are you...?
6) 34) dialog: Here we go again.
6) 36) dialog: All right ...
6) 38) dialog: All right, I get it, that story by Melville, you don't have to recite the whole damned thing...
6) 40) dialog: I’m glad to know there are at least some things you remember well. Scene 17 Page 28.
6) 42) dialog: What on earth are you talking about? John? She takes his arm and shakes him. He keeps his eyes on th road, muttering almost to himself.
6) 44) dialog: I can’t believe this. But you should know, if Daniel Coleman is alive - and that’s a big if - he’s been living in Daytona for the past thirty years. She closely watches John, who is now driving in silence.
6) 45) dialog: You hear me? She sighs, then mutters to herself, still in a state of shock.
6) 46) dialog: Dan Coleman. Honestly. Of all the... John, eyes fixed on the road ahead, asks:
6) 48) dialog: What? We didn’t bring the gun... John doesn’t answer. Ella’s mind is working: why would he that?
7) 0) text: Soldiers in eighteenth-century uniforms raise their muzzl loading muskets and shoot, producing a cloud of white smo John watches the performance. He’s in line behind Ella an other tourists at the ticket window.
7) 2) dialog: Goodness, you’ve become pricey! She reaches for her wallet.
7) 4) dialog: When we used to come here with the kids, it was 10 dollars for the whole family.
7) 6) dialog: That’s not a very nice thing to say.
7) 10) dialog: Darling, come on... Ella takes him firmly by the arm and leads him toward a g of tourists entering one of the buildings.
7) 12) dialog: It’s all make-believe...
7) 14) dialog: What utter nonsense! Come on, let’s go see the library. You used to love that. John reluctantly follows her. We notice a young woman wit two young children, a boy and a girl, in the tour group. JENNIFER. She watches John until she gets up the nerve to approach him.
7) 17) dialog: I’m sorry, Miss, but I don’t think my husband is able to... But John perks up before she can finish.
7) 22) dialog: I can’t believe it, either.
7) 30) dialog: (mocking) Me too, Jenny. You can’t remember the names of your own children but you remember that Jenny was always laughing. I’m speechless. What goes on in that head of yours? She takes him away, as he says:
7) 34) dialog: Yes, John. I’m just dandy. John keeps one eye on the road and one on Ella, as if studying her. Ella sighs.
7) 35) dialog: Who am I?
7) 37) dialog: You're having one of your moments, aren’t you? John gives her a quizzical look.
7) 38) dialog: You know I’m someone dear to you, but you’re not exactly sure who. He smiles but doesn’t answer. She persists:
7) 39) dialog: Seriously, John - do you know who I am?
7) 41) dialog: Who? Who am I? John, tell me who I am.
7) 43) dialog: John, tell me who I am.
7) 45) dialog: Very good. But what’s my name? John continues to look ahead, his eyes on the road, but h seems uneasy. Ella doesn’t stop looking at him. She’s waiting. And then it bursts out of his mouth.
7) 48) dialog: You knoew it. It was always there- Ella doesn't stop looking at him. She’s waiting. And then out of nowhere, it bursts out of his mouth, then is softl repeated: Scene 21 Page 34. With the palm of his hand John hits his empty head.
7) 49) dialog: Keep your eyes on the road. The Leisure Seeker rolls on toward North Carolina.
8) 0) text: Ella had fallen asleep. But then:
8) 2) dialog: (murmurs ) Good Lord, where is he now? Finally she sees him: he’s just reached the sidewalk acro the street. Patrons of a nearby bar come out to watch, curious, laughing, shaking their heads. John mixes among them, idly watching the traffic jam like it has nothing t with him. Ella slaps the windshield:
8) 3) dialog: (shouts) John! She leans on the horn. A MALE DRIVER approaches her window.
8) 6) dialog: I'm sorry, please, just give me a minute... Ella opens the door, gets out and strides across the road Everybody's watching her, enjoying her distress. Ella reaches John, hissing through clenched teeth:
8) 7) dialog: What are you doing? Come with me, you fool. She takes him by the arm and drags him toward the camper, pushing him back on board, then hurries to get in her sid By now they are the center of attention. Everybody’s watc them, laughing. John is back behind the wheel. But he doesn’t do anything
8) 8) dialog: Come on, drive! Can’t you see we’re holding up the whole show? John looks at the dashboard in profound confusion, as if never seen anything like this before. The gauges, the kno the lights, the key in the ignition. It might as well be cockpit of a 747. He places his hand gently on the steeri wheel, touching it as if it is made of a precious substan
8) 10) dialog: Turn on the engine. Come on, John, concentrate. Just turn the key. She raises her voice because once again because:
8) 12) dialog: (turns around, shouting) Just a minute! We’re leaving! (hisses at John) Please, turn the key. Get going. Scene 22 Page 36.
8) 14) dialog: Right. Just relax. You know how to do this. You've always been a wonderful driver. But then John takes his hands off the wheel. Ella’s reall worried now. A car with flashing lights pulls up. A POLICEWOMAN gets o She's pregnant, six months at least. She approaches John’ side of the camper.
8) 19) dialog: You really are going to drive me round the bend one of these days... John, undaunted:
9) 0) text: Ella sits at a picnic table scattered with brochures and maps. Sipping from a bottle of soda, she studies a Florid guidebook. She turns toward the camper and says in a rais voice: Scene 23 Page 37.
9) 1) dialog: Hey hon, did you know that Tennessee Williams had a house in Key West, too? He’s one of the writers you really love, isn’t he? I remember when you took me to the theater to see that one set in New Orleans... you hear me, John? She mutters to herself:
9) 2) dialog: Though I preferred the film with Marlon Brando. What a dish! John comes down the camper’s steps, looking alarmed.
9) 4) dialog: At home.
9) 6) dialog: John, please... Ella understands that John is having one of his “moments.
9) 8) dialog: The children are all grown up! It won’t be long until they're old. They have their own lives - they’re fine.
9) 10) dialog: Oh my god. Jane’s married to Philip, she teaches college. (MORE )
9) 12) dialog: They've got two kids, a boy and a girl.
9) 14) dialog: Yes, John, don’t you remember? Good heavens. Rose and Stephen.
9) 17) dialog: (sighs) Stephen’s nineteen and Rose is twenty-one. Don’t you remember her high school graduation ceremony? Stephen played in the band and Rosie made a wonderful speech. You were very moved by it.
9) 19) dialog: (hopeful) So you do remember.
9) 21) dialog: It really hurts me that you don’t remember things. I’m sick and tired of having to remember everything for you. There’s a profound silence. A mortified John murmurs:
9) 23) dialog: No, forgive me, my love. I shouldn't get angry with you.
9) 25) dialog: I know. Come here. She takes his hand, she strokes his beard. But after seve seconds he again asks:
9) 27) dialog: Come on, there’s something we need to do. I brought along a surprise.
10) 0) text: Slightly grainy pictures from a birthday party circa 1972 Ella, in her thirties, has a kid on her knee who’s in the process of blowing out three candles.
10) 1) dialog: Which one is this, John? Do you know?
10) 3) dialog: And where are we in this one?
10) 5) dialog: Chowan River. That marvelous camping spot at Catherine Creek. We could put up our own landmark there. Another slide. Here, finally, is John, from thirty years blurry and slightly crooked, embracing Ella.
10) 6) dialog: Jane took this one. John smiles. Next comes a photo which depicts a crowd of Thanksgiving guests. Ella, however, stands apart.
10) 8) dialog: I remember you telling me to make a happy face, but I just couldn’t do it. What year was that?
10) 10) dialog: Perhaps ‘81. ‘82... She presses the control switch.
10) 11) dialog: Do you remember these kids? She's pointing to a group of boys and girls throwing a pa for John.
10) 13) dialog: No, they’re your students, throwing you a birthday party. This was your favorite class... do you remember? John says neither yes or no, but he continues to closely study the photo. Meanwhile curious campers gather around, notably an elder couple, who watch Ella’s and John’s life like it was thei own. Scene 24 Page 41.
11) 3) dialog: I bought you six new pairs of boxers - didn’t you see? Why don’t you wear them?
11) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
11) 7) dialog: Same old song I’ve heard my whole life. What’s so great about briefs?
11) 9) dialog: Hal
11) 12) dialog: No, no! Where are you going? Johnnnnn...
11) 16) dialog: Do you know what I love about you, John? Your silences are never embarrassing. Never once in my life have I thought: now I need to say something. It’s the thing I’ve always liked the best about our trips.
11) 18) dialog: What are you talking about? Scene 26 Page 43.
11) 20) dialog: Who?
11) 22) dialog: Dan. Oh, Dan. Susan Sullivan told us that at Maggie Tate’s funeral. You were right there beside me! John does not seem convinced.
11) 24) dialog: What? John, the funeral was ten, no, fifteen years ago
11) 26) dialog: John? What are you doing? Get back here. The FARM WIFE approaches with a refill. She smiles sympathetically. Ella feels encouraged.
11) 27) dialog: Can you believe this? He's convinced that I still think about my first boyfriend, who, by the way, dumped me. But Dan was right. Things would have never worked between us. Those were different times. I was nineteen. Oh, my lord, what a scandal... 27 Scene 26 Page 44. The hippy-farmers nod sympathetically.
11) 29) dialog: Well they sent me to Boston to work in my Aunt Rosemary's shop. That's where I met John, this handsome young teacher who came every week to buy a new pair of leather gloves. Then he came back the next week to buy another pair - he said he’d lost them. And then he did it again. I eventually discovered he had a house full of them. Ella wants to be sure that this woman understands her sto
11) 30) dialog: He was the one for me... The woman gently asks her:
11) 32) dialog: He vanished from my mind. No, I only had eyes for John!
11) 35) dialog: How are you, darling? Will jumps to his feet; papers and trinkets fly off his table.
11) 38) dialog: Now listen Will. We looked at family slides last night. It was beautiful. We were looking at photos from our trip to Nantucket, where you made such good friends with that boy from New York. What was his name - Patrick?
11) 40) dialog: He was so nice. I’ve been wondering - are you happy with your new work? You were such a good real estate broker. You were able to sell some truly ugly houses...
11) 42) dialog: Was it because you had a fight with your partner? You and Richard were so close... were you two ...?
11) 44) dialog: Come on, Will, please talk to me about... oh Christ! Ella cannot believe what she’s seeing. Now seated behind wheel, John starts the motor and the Leisure Seeker begin move.
11) 46) dialog: John! John! Stop! STOP! ..-but he joins the highway and disappears. Will is shouting on the telephone:
11) 49) dialog: Help me, please! The MOTORCYCLIST screws on his fuel cap and kick-starts h bike.
11) 51) dialog: On that? How?
11) 54) text: A few hundred yards down the road, they come upon the Lei Seeker, rolling briskly along. The Motorcyclist steadies bike, Ella brandishes her crutch... Inside, John turns to see through his open window this strange guy on a Harley with Ella behind him. They draw closer. John shouts, in an offended tone:
11) 56) text: A furious Ella sits next to John.
11) 58) dialog: Oh... go to hell!
11) 61) dialog: Go to hell, John. I mean it.
11) 63) dialog: You left without me. John doesn’t seem to understand. Scene 29 Page 48.
11) 65) dialog: You left me alone. Where the hell did you think you were going, you and your empty head?
11) 69) dialog: Be careful, John. John smiles, puts his elbows on the horizontal steering w and steers with them as he unscrews the cap, but this act causes the Winnebago to swerve gently back and forth, sna first left towards the other lane, then right towards the shoulder, until the bottle is opened and he hands it to h
11) 70) dialog: Thank you. Now please put both hands on the wheel. POV: The Leisure Seeker has been swerving, heading first towards the opposite lane and then back. There is no onco traffic but a Toyota traveling in the same direction as t Winnebago is compelled to slow to a crawl and loudly blow horn as the Winnebago does its Conga Line down the highwa The scene is witnessed by a cop, who hits his lights and starts to chase, passing the Toyota as he turns on:
11) 72) dialog: John.
11) 74) dialog: You need to pull over.
11) 76) dialog: The police are right behind us. John looks in the mirror.
11) 78) dialog: Pull over.
11) 80) dialog: (shouts) Damn it John, pull over! Finally John uses the turn signal and pulls over. He puts vehicle in PARK and TURNS OFF the engine-
11) 81) dialog: Let me talk, all right? I need to see if that fool son of ours snitched on us. They watch as a POLICEMAN gets out of the car and approac
11) 83) dialog: They're in here somewhere, officer. She stands up and opens a hatch above their heads to take a document case. As she does, we note that there’s a shot inside. She closes the door quickly and hands the documen to the cop, who examines them.
11) 85) dialog: Excuse me, officer, it was my fault. I gave the bottle to my husband, I couldn’t open it. She shows him the Pepsi. John immediately grabs it and ta a big sip. Ella bites her lip, while the policeman looks John with astonishment.
11) 93) dialog: (through clenched teeth) What are you, insane? As an answer, John puts his hand on the key and starts th engine. Ella, in desperation, reaches over, turns it off pulls the key out. Scene 29 Page 50A.
11) 95) dialog: (whispers) Don’t even think about it.
11) 97) dialog: Zip it. He’s coming back.
11) 99) dialog: That’s a good one, officer.
11) 101) dialog: Yes, officer. Thank you so much. And have a nice day! The officer walks away.
11) 103) dialog: Our old trips were never this adventurous, eh? Scene 29 Page 52.
11) 105) dialog: Do you love me, John? John shoots her a look.
11) 107) dialog: Me too, John. Very much.
12) 1) dialog: And where are we here? Ella's asking John; they sit together as if at the cinema
12) 3) dialog: And who's the one on the right?
12) 5) dialog: He has a name, John. It’s Will.
12) 7) dialog: And the woman with me is...?
12) 9) dialog: Right. Our neighbor.
12) 11) dialog: Well done. Meanwhile behind them someone makes: 53.
12) 14) dialog: Please, make yourselves comfortable! They squat nearby and pop open some beers, offering bottl to our couple.
12) 16) dialog: What are you, some kind of rock band?
12) 18) dialog: Excuse me?
12) 20) dialog: That sounds... fascinating. Scene 30 Page 53A. And now John and Ella are drinking beer while slides play depicting their yard over the years. In one, Will turns a hose on Jane, who is nineteen and dressed in a bikini. Scene 30 Page 54.
12) 24) dialog: You must remember this. It wasn’t that long ago. John examines the faces, but doesn’t seem to recognize an them, leaving Ella to explain them to the band members.
12) 25) dialog: These are family, friends and John’s ex-students. There always seemed to be some around the house. They still come to see him years after graduating. John was a very popular teacher. And then come several close-ups of John. His unsmiling expression is distracted, far away. We’ve seen this look. The young musicians begin to get up and go.
12) 27) dialog: Yes, good night, thanks for visiting. Ella stares at John, whose eyes remain fixed on the scree Although he seems unmoved, tears trickle down his face.
13) 0) text: John, smiling in his sleep, cheerfully murmurs something “Ella, where are you going .. don’t be that way, come her hey, wait ..”. He wakes from his happy dream, deeply disoriented. We see the inside of the camper through his milky, fuzzy gaze. Details come into focus: objects on th bedside table, his shoes, and then someone lying next to a back, an arm, a neck. Finally, the plucked head of Ella John shakes her gently. She opens her eyes.
13) 2) dialog: (patiently) I’m right here, John. John smiles incredulously and shakes his head.
13) 5) dialog: Of course it’s me. Who are you?
13) 7) dialog: Oh no, you’re not. 31 32 Scene A31 Page 56. John steps in front of her, with a hesitant smile, as if say: look at me, it is me. Ella does not return his smile She shakes her head.
13) 8) dialog: My John is a young teacher. He’s charming and educated and very handsome. And I want him back. You stole him from me and I want him back. Give him back to me! John considers her words. He sits next to her.
14) 1) dialog: John? She struggles out of bed. She opens the curtains, then op the camper door and peers outside. John isn’t there.
14) 2) dialog: (louder) John? Something tells her to open the door of the cabinet where hides the shotgun. It’s there. Ella looks relieved.
15) 0) text: Ella addresses a young man behind the reception desk.
15) 1) dialog: Excuse me, but you haven’t by any chance seen my husband passing by? He’s tall, distinguished-looking, with a white beard and glasses. The guy watches her, thinking.
15) 3) dialog: And where was he going?
15) 5) dialog: I’m afraid I’1l need your help, then. My husband suffers moments of memory loss, and I’m afraid he may wander off and get hurt.
15) 7) dialog: But don’t you have a car so we can have a quick look around? He can’t have gone far.
15) 9) dialog: It’s too big, I can’t handle it. Please, I wouldn’t ask you if it wasn’t important.
15) 11) text: Ella sits in the cab of a pick-up driven by a tattooed yo man - TERRY. His bleached hair is gathered in a ponytail; wears many rings, bracelets and necklaces. They are scour the streets of the seaside town.
15) 12) dialog: (to herself) It’s my fault. My fault. The boy points to an old homeless man who sleeps leaning against the trunk of a palm tree.
15) 14) dialog: Who, that poor geezer? Oh no, darling, I’ve told you, my John is a very distinguished gentleman. Glasses, well-groomed beard...
15) 16) dialog: I think my son is a lot like you.
15) 18) dialog: You're gay, right? Don’t worry, I know it’s not a disease. We should all be more gay. Happier. It’sa gift from God. Terry laughs and nods.
15) 20) dialog: Will’s never wanted to accept himself. Or maybe he’s never understood himself. It’s such a shame. Maybe he’d have been happier, more cheerful if he had. You want nothing more than to know your children are happy, especially after you’re gone...
15) 22) dialog: Unfortunately, he won’t have a mother like me for much longer. Scene 33 Page 59.
15) 24) dialog: What makes you think I’m wearing a wig? Terry gives her a double-take and Ella laughs. She continues to search, but she is also lost in a memory
15) 25) dialog: A few months ago I came home and found a shotgun on the kitchen table. It gave me such a fright! John was calmly watching football on TV. When I asked him what the gun was doing there, he couldn’t answer. Later I found a note, but all that was written on it was “Ella my love” followed by some scribbles. And then I understood. Silence. The boy is intrigued.
15) 27) dialog: (mutters ) For such an intelligent man to feel his brain fading away... But suddenly she lights up, her eyes wide, shouting, besi herself with joy.
15) 28) dialog: There he is! Stop! She points to a seafront ice cream shop, where John sits table. The pick-up enters the parking lot, stopping practically meter away from John. Terry helps Ella descend.
15) 29) dialog: John! He turns to look at her, but does not seem to recognize h He returns his attention to his cup of chocolate ice crea Ella reaches him and embraces him. She starts to cry. Scene 33 Page 60.
15) 30) dialog: Jesus, John!
15) 32) dialog: Because you weren’t there. I wouldn’t know how to live without you, not for a minute. We have to stick together. Understand? We don’t have much time left.
15) 35) dialog: I'd prefer a whisky. EXT. CAMPSITE, JEKYLL ISLAND - ENTRANCE - DAY 34. The Leisure Seeker, with John and Ella aboard, exits thro the campsite’s gates and drives off. Ella salutes through window. Terry waves cheerfully. His brother gives a more sober no
15) 39) dialog: (she is saying)... it was cold, but it was beautiful. Remember? Everything was covered by a layer of ice, shiny and transparent, like the world had been covered with glass. I had to take tiny steps to keep from slipping. I was so cold, but you wanted to go on. You were telling me the story of White Fang, keeping your voice low, so you wouldn’t spoil the perfect silence. We got home at three in the morning, our hair full of frost. That was the night we made Jane... The camper starts to sway. John struggles to keep the steering wheel steady.
15) 40) dialog: What are you doing? Can’t you keep it straight? In the cabin, objects begin to fall, plates and jars shak and slam. John slows down and pulls over.
15) 43) dialog: (on the phone) «--good, we’ll be waiting for you. Yes, mile marker 21. Thanks! She hangs up the phone and turns to John.
15) 44) dialog: It’s okay, hon. Triple A will be here in half an hour. And I think the spare is flat, anyway. We’1l need a tow.
15) 46) dialog: I know you don’t, but we’re on vacation, right? Come on inside, don’t stay out here roasting in the sun. While moving toward the cockpit they are passed by an old Plymouth, which slows and stops a little further down the road, then turns back. Two kids get out, approaching with shambling steps. They young, not even twenty. Scrawny and white.
15) 47) dialog: Oh my god, John. These guys are scaring me.
15) 50) dialog: No thanks, fellas. Triple A will be here soon.
15) 54) dialog: (whispers) John, you fool.
15) 59) dialog: (terrified) John, just do what they say. She slips off her ring and gives it to the Second Kid. An then she raises her hands, motioning to John to do the sa
15) 61) dialog: It’s in the camper. Shall I get it? He gives her permission with a wave. She obeys.
15) 63) dialog: As if I have a choice. She disappears into the camper. Meanwhile John has raised his hands. The First Kid is try to pull the wallet from John’s pocket.
15) 67) dialog: If you hurt him I’11 shoot you both. And if you think we’re afraid you're dead wrong. I - no, we - have nothing to lose. So drop the knives, you hooligans. At that moment there’s a sound... THE CHIRPY RING OF ELLA’S
15) 69) dialog: It’s Will, right?
15) 71) dialog: Well I don’t want to talk to him. He’s always calling at the wrong time. Toss it on the ground. The two kids exchange an uncertain look and we realize th they’re not professionals. The telephone stops ringing.
15) 73) dialog: Already done it, hon, thanks. The First Kid drops the knife. Scene 35 Page 65.
15) 75) dialog: Please do as he says, Cody. Put the ring on the wallet and get along. I won’t even call the cops if you leave now. Hurry along. After a moment’s hesitation, he obeys, leaving the ring a the cellphone. After one last disbelieving look the two o them move briskly away.
15) 80) dialog: I thought we might need it. Now - I need a Canadian. Could you get it from the fridge please? John obeys. Ella takes the opportunity to remove the shel from the gun and throw them as far as she can into the surrounding fields.
15) 82) dialog: Yes, darling, I know that your brother called. I didn’t answer because I was... held up. John smiles - he appreciates the pun. Jane speaks on her cell phone while striding across the campus of the college where she teaches. She juggles the phone and her paper-stuffed shoulder bag.
15) 85) dialog: Your brother is a Nervous Nelly. It’s nice of you to stay near him. Tell him that your father and I are having a grand old time. Jane's a bit amused by her mother’s response.
15) 87) dialog: Darling, I wish you could see the sky here.
15) 89) dialog: Full of beans. Oh, he still has his moments. But he’s doing well and he’s driving, which is a miracle. Would you like to speak with him? Ella passes the phone to her husband.
15) 90) dialog: It’s Jane - she wants to speak with you. Scene 36 Page 67.
15) 92) dialog: Your daughter! Take it. John takes the phone and cheerfully shouts:
15) 99) dialog: Jane?
15) 101) dialog: I love you, too.
15) 103) dialog: Kiss the kids for me. And tell your brother we’ve spoken. A choked-up Jane can hardly speak.
15) 105) dialog: Hey, don’t finish all the Canadian. She snatches it from his hand. INT. WILL’S GARAGE - DAY 37
15) 123) text: The flat tire has been repaired and the Leisure Seeker is back on the road. Ella continues to write on the pad of p resting on her knees. But she raises her eyes because the camper suddenly slows down: the road is filled with participants in a Republican election rally.
15) 125) dialog: Just pull over. We can wait. Hemingway isn’t going anywhere. There are red hats that read ‘MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN;’ shirts and banners with the grinning face of the Republic candidate.
15) 128) dialog: What’s to see? You know who these people are. Scene 38 Page 71.
15) 130) dialog: Don’t go far! John turns and gives her an OK sign, smiling. And then he asks someone what’s going on.
15) 133) dialog: John, please, come with me.
15) 135) dialog: Yes, I know, but it’s better that you come with me now. We’re gonna get a parking ticket. As she begins to drag him away, John shouts:
15) 138) dialog: John, they were Republicans.
15) 140) dialog: You’ve voted Democrat your whole life. You volunteered for Walter Mondale. Don’t you remember how mad you got when I talked about voting for Reagan?
15) 142) dialog: Don’t you remember him?
15) 144) dialog: That’s not true. You don’t have the slightest idea. Who am I? John’s mouth falls open. He smiles and looks at her but h name is not coming to him. 39 Scene 38 Page 73.
15) 145) dialog: (patiently) Think, John. You know my name very well. It starts with - There is a pause and then John looking at her suggests -
15) 148) dialog: Right. Ell. Go on. It’s on the tip of John’s tongue.
15) 150) dialog: Sweet Jesus, now you think I’m Lillian? Lillian is our next door neighbor. I’m your wife. L? LA?
16) 0) text: The projector's carousel turns. All the slides are of Jan and Will: swimming in the ocean, stuffing cake into their mouths at a birthday party, Trick-or-Treating, rolling in piles of raked leaves, posing rigidly by the fireplace, sitting on Santa’s lap at a shopping center, close-up portraits... Ella and John are once again seated outside the Leisure Seeker like they’re at a cinema. There are no other campe around, only the deep coniferous woods that surround the camp. John eats a sandwich, while Ella swallows a blue painkiller. There’s no commentary from her this time, no narration. She’s not in a good way. And then John opens h mouth:
16) 4) dialog: Jim passed, hon. Last July. We went to see him at that human warehouse where he spent his last two years, remember? (she sighs) Unfortunately, he didn’t recognize us. John thinks, trying to remember. He murmurs:
16) 7) dialog: What?
16) 9) dialog: John, what have you done? Put it back in.
16) 11) dialog: What’s that?
16) 13) dialog: Oh my god - an alligator?
16) 15) dialog: Let’s go inside. Muttering to herself.
16) 16) dialog: We don’t have any shells... She heads toward the camper, but she trips and takes a di
16) 18) dialog: Help me, John. I think I’ve pulled something in my back. I’m down here on the ground. Help me get up.
16) 21) dialog: John, I can’t do it like that.
16) 23) dialog: Get up! You’re crushing me.
16) 25) dialog: So what? Get off! John gathers all his strength and manages to roll off her Now they are side-by-side on the ground, with no strength left. They look at one another.
16) 26) dialog: Are you all right?
16) 28) dialog: I fell! Don’t you even remember? You tried to help me and you fell, too.
16) 30) dialog: We need to try to reach the camper. Can you move?
16) 32) dialog: I can’t do it. Get up and get over here and help me. John does not respond.
16) 33) dialog: John? Nothing. And so she makes another effort. She plants an e on the ground and clings to the steps with her free hand she can turn around and rest her back against the steps. at least she’s sitting up. She looks at John. She can’t believe it - he’s asleep, right there on the ground. Scene 39 Page 77. Snoring, as if tucked snugly in his bed. She begins to pi up pebbles and toss them at him until the snoring stops. stirs and then, after a direct hit, angrily says:
16) 35) dialog: I hurt my back. You need to get over here and help me up. I can’t do it on my own. He pulls himself up - it seems as if that quick nap has helped him recover. But instead of going over to help Ell he approaches the projector.
16) 37) dialog: JOHN! Move your ass and help me! Finally, John gets up and goes to her. She holds out her when he leans over, but he doesn’t even see her. Instead, lowers himself even further, toward her shoes.
16) 38) dialog: What on earth are you doing?
16) 40) dialog: Thank you, John.
16) 44) dialog: Don’t exaggerate. Sure, lately you’ve needed my help, but... John smiles sweetly, shaking his head no.
16) 46) dialog: How about a little pick-me-up?
17) 0) text: Ella is sleeping, but a noise inside the van disturbs her she opens her eyes. John isn’t beside her. She looks at t time on the electronic alarm clock, then lifts the curtai Outside, the chairs and table are missing.
17) 1) dialog: John? What’s the big rush to go? She pulls herself up with great difficulty.
17) 2) dialog: I could've used a little more sleep. John? Oh my God. Her eyes widen. She’s confronted with an unlikely sight: is pointing the shotgun at her. He’s already dressed and a deeply serious expression. Scene 40 Page 79.
17) 4) dialog: For heaven’s sake, what is this?
17) 6) dialog: To who?
17) 8) dialog: John, for God's sake.
17) 10) dialog: I’m getting so sick of this nonsense.
17) 12) dialog: How dare you point a gun at me!
17) 14) dialog: I’ve had enough! I’m sorry you've been thinking this all these years but ... you want to see Dan Coleman? Fine! She grabs her cell phone from her bag.
17) 16) dialog: I’m going to find out where the hell Dan is - even if he’s in his grave - and take you to him.
17) 18) dialog: Well, don’t just stand there. Start the damned engine.
17) 20) dialog: (speaking with John) You can’t go in there with a gun!
17) 22) dialog: Fine. Take it. A hundred cops will show up and probably kill us both.
18) 3) dialog: We'd like to see Daniel Coleman, please. I believe he’s a resident here? Ella forces a reassuring smile. John frowns, and there’s strange bulge in the left side of his jacket.
18) 5) dialog: Exactly.
18) 7) dialog: We're old friends. We were just passing by.
18) 9) dialog: You're very kind. The receptionist rises from her post and enters an office Ella's forced smile becomes a worried grimace when she realizes that John has begun to walk down the corridor on own, his pace lopsided due to what’s hidden in his jacket She walks behind him.
18) 10) dialog: Hey, she said to wait. John doesn’t answer. He opens the first of a long series doors along the corridor and looks inside: there’s an emaciated old man seated at a table, peeling an apple.
18) 12) dialog: I’m sorry, we seem to have the wrong room.
18) 14) dialog: We don’t want to disturb you... But John will not be denied.
18) 17) text: .-. and another man, seen from behind, seated in a wheelchair, seems mesmerized by something outside the win The door opens and John peers inside, followed by Ella.
18) 22) dialog: It’s Ella. Ella Carson. Do you remember me? Scene 43 Page 83.
18) 27) dialog: Do you really not remember me? This is my husband John Spencer. John continues to point his gun at Dan as he incongruousl says:
18) 32) dialog: This is what you want to know?
18) 35) dialog: All right, then - ask away.
18) 39) dialog: You don’t remember me? Shoot this son of a bitch, John. The door opens. The very worried Center Receptionist and Nurse peer inside.
18) 40) dialog: (whispers) John, put that thing away. The Receptionist and the Nurse throw open the door.
18) 43) dialog: Don’t worry, it’s empty.
18) 45) dialog: Wait, he’s not dangerous - he’s an English teacher! 44 Scene 43 Page 85. The nurse brusquely grabs the gun from Ella’s hand.
19) 0) text: Ella and John are led to the camper by the Receptionist, Nurse, a male MEMBER OF STAFF and a man with the uniform security guard, who returns the gun to John.
19) 3) dialog: You've been very understanding.
19) 5) dialog: That's very nice of you. We’l1l think about it.
19) 8) text: While driving the camper, John strokes Ella’s hand.
19) 10) dialog: I’m just a little tired. She masks a grimace, then throws down another painkiller.
19) 11) dialog: But yes, I’m also angry. At you, mostly, but also at Dan.
19) 13) dialog: Oh, for Christ’s sake!
19) 16) dialog: He was a little more charismatic than this at the time. The camper now passes by a Democratic rally. We might eve glimpse Hillary speaking; an echo of her speech reaches t
19) 18) dialog: John?
19) 20) dialog: Let’s sleep in a real bed tonight.
20) 0) text: In the reception area of a high-end Radisson, Ella approa the reception desk while John looks around with cheerful curiosity. The HOTEL RECEPTIONIST welcomes them with a ceremonious tone.
20) 2) dialog: Good evening. Could we have a nice room that’s... (hesitates) economical?
20) 4) dialog: Oh, no, we can’t be separated.
20) 6) dialog: We'll take it.
20) 8) dialog: Heavens, we don’t want to buy it, just spend the night. The Receptionist hesitates before bursting into laughter. hands him the credit card.
20) 9) dialog: We've never spent that much on a hotel room in my whole life. The Receptionist pretends not to have heard her as he han her the room key card.
21) 0) text: The room’s lights come on. ARTIE carries the bag Ella has packed for the night, while the two guests take in their luxury room. It is new and huge, decorated in beige and g tones. There’s a lounge beyond the bedroom.
21) 3) dialog: (embarrassed) What are you saying, John? Of course we can afford it. She rummages through her purse to get a tip, but Artie wa her off.
21) 6) dialog: And now a little something to help us sleep. Ella opens the minibar and finds a bottle of champagne. S removes it.
21) 7) dialog: What do you say, John? I think we've earned it. She gives the bottle to John, who whistles when he sees i Ella gets two glasses. John opens the bottle, pours champagne. They toast, while: ‘DON’T LEAVE ME THIS WAY”
21) 11) dialog: Oh my God, I’ve ruined the carpet. In shock, she starts to clean it with her blouse, but Joh lifts her up and gently wipes her mouth with his handkerchief. And all the while: “DON’T LEAVE ME THIS WAY”
22) 0) text: The following morning Ella wakes to the voice of John mumbling from afar. She checks the clock: it’s late.
22) 1) dialog: Hon? Scene 48 Page 90. She gets up and finds John in the luxurious bathroom, whe already washed and dressed, he’s combing his hair in fron the mirror as he describes Santiago of The Old Man and th Sea.
22) 4) dialog: Like a rock. When’s the last time I slept this late?
22) 6) dialog: Where are you going? He kisses her, exits the room and heads down the corridor Ella follows him in confusion. She stops at the door, watching as he waves goodbye. But after a few steps he freezes, lost. He turns to her:
22) 8) dialog: No.
22) 10) dialog: In a good place. 49 Scene 48 Page 91.
22) 12) dialog: I was thinking the same thing.
23) 0) text: 49 Ella walks back to the table with a tray of croissants. S finds John has buttonholed a YOUNG WAITRESS, who listens a polite smile.
23) 4) dialog: Excuse me, can I have a clean spoon?
23) 6) dialog: I loved the movie with Spencer Tracy. What an impressive man.
23) 15) dialog: I’m sure you do. Now how about that spoon?
23) 16) text: The Leisure Seeker travels down a coastal road lined with palm trees. Palm Beach's skyline serves as backdrop. Ella's sick; she cannot stop herself from grimacing. John notices what’s happening. He pulls to the side of the roa
23) 17) dialog: Don’t stop, John. Let’s find a campsite.
24) 0) text: Later, after setting them up, John helps Ella into bed in camper. He takes off her shoes.
24) 1) dialog: I’m sorry, but I really do need to lie down. If you’re hungry, there’s some cheese in the fridge. John does not answer - he’s too focused on being attentiv Finally, Ella’s lying comfortably. John asks, tenderly:
24) 4) dialog: Where’s Ella now?
24) 6) dialog: At home?
24) 8) dialog: Wait. Does Ella know about us?
24) 11) dialog: Yes, we must stop. It’s gone on a long time.
24) 13) dialog: How long is too long? John sighs as he thinks back.
24) 15) dialog: But do you love me? John shakes his head and looks at her sadly.
24) 19) dialog: Son of a bitch! Where are you going? Get back here! Come here so I can kill you! As she screams she grabs objects, dishes, anything at han throwing it all on the ground. John, hearing the commotion, rushes back in.
24) 21) dialog: Oh, so now I’m Ella again? Damn you! Scene 51 Page 95. She begins to strike him with all her remaining strength.
24) 23) dialog: Good evening, I’m calling from space 37. Could you please send a taxi here a.s.a.p? Thank you. She hangs up in a fury. John watches her blankly as she begins to pack a bag, filling it with his clothes.
24) 25) dialog: Quiet, fool. Our trip ends here. As usual, when she turns on her phone, someone calls. Ell grabs it and shouts:
24) 26) dialog: Will - what the hell do you want? Just leave me alone! And then she turns off her phone.
25) 2) dialog: Do you see any other customers waiting around? She shows the bag to John.
25) 3) dialog: Here’re all your things. Night, shirt, socks, your damned briefs... Scene 52 Page 95A.
25) 5) dialog: Please help me load my husband and his stupid bag. The intimidated Cabbie gets out and obeys. He carefully p the bag in the trunk. Ella, brusque and furious, opens th back door of the taxi.
25) 6) dialog: (to John) Get in, imbecile.
25) 8) dialog: Mad? Me? I’m not mad at all. On the contrary - I’m relieved. Happy as a clam! She tells the Cabbie, who is back behind the wheel:
25) 9) dialog: Take us to an old folks’ home. The crummiest you can find.
26) 0) text: Ella puts the bag and John’s wallet on the reception coun in front of a puzzled Clerk. John looks around, baffled.
26) 2) dialog: No it isn’t. We’re at a place where they keep old fools like you. (to the Clerk) Put him a room, please.
26) 5) dialog: Establish them, then.
26) 7) dialog: That sounds more like your problem than mine. Here’s everything you'll need. Money, credit cards, documents. And this photo... She puts down a photo from an insurance company advertise that depicts three smiling generations of a family.
26) 8) dialog: He cut it out of a magazine. He thinks this is us, that this is his family! He carries it around in his wallet! Do you understand now who you're dealing with? All right, I’m tired and you have things to do. He’s all yours. Good night. Ella turns her back before the Clerk has time to respond:
26) 9) dialog: Goodbye, John. And she moves off quickly, heading toward the waiting tax
26) 14) dialog: There you are, bitch. She speaks directly to Lillian, pictured smiling sweetly 70s miniskirt.
26) 15) dialog: Look at you, with your thighs on display. Coming into my house all slutty. She chooses another photo, this one of a barbecue in the garden. Lillian has downcast eyes and a downcast expressi John’s back is to her as he grills hamburgers. Ella comes closer to better see Lillian’s face.
26) 16) dialog: But look at this face. Are you suffering, bitch? What about me, the woman who so happily takes your photograph? Ella scours the picture, looking at the back of John’s pa She addresses him:
26) 17) dialog: I bought you those pants. And you took them off for Lillian, you pig. Angry tears come to her eyes. She takes a sip from the bo of Canadian Club at her side, then changes the photo. The no Lillian - she throws it on the pile. She finds one tha depicts Jane at the age of four, watching Lillian from be with a serious look. Scene 54 Page 99.
26) 18) dialog: (indignant) Jane! You knew! And you never said a word! She fumbles through her bag, removes her phone and pounds a number. In the guest bedroom, Jane wakes up with a start. Her hus PHILIP gives her a worried look:
26) 21) dialog: Your father fooled me all our life and you knew it.
26) 23) dialog: You never said a word. Always on his side! Professor my ass. In_ her bedroom, Jane gives her husband a terrified look.
26) 25) dialog: I’m alone. I got rid of your father and I’m coming back home. Or maybe, I’m going to the seaside. I don’t ever want to see him again.
26) 27) dialog: I'm finally free of that horrible creature who ruined my life. I don't give a damn about Hemingway or Melville or those little pedantic lessons that always made me feel like an idiot! Jane tries to interject.
26) 29) dialog: The liar! What do you read in all those books? Just lies!
26) 31) dialog: He lied his whole life! And I bet he’s pretending to be senile, too. He’s just an impostor!
26) 33) dialog: Never thought you’d have a vindictive mother, did you? You see what I’ve become? It’s all his fault. And yours! Who do you think you are, you two? Go to hell! Before Jane can interrupt again, Ella hangs up. She clutc her head in her hands. She sobs. In a burst of anger, she rips off the wig, exposing her little bird-like head. Her daughter tries to call her back:
26) 37) dialog: You're right, Jane darling. I’m sorry. I’m sorry! She keeps the phone to her ear as she enters the lobby.
26) 38) dialog: I just don’t know what came over me. Maybe it was my meds. Everything's fine, darling. Daddy's okay. No, I was only joking. I'd never abandon him. Now, can you do me a favor? Now Jane is in her parents’ living room with Will and Phi all of them in pajamas. Scene 55 Page 102.
26) 40) dialog: Go to Lillian and tell her something.
26) 42) dialog: Tell her she’s the dirtiest whore on earth.
26) 44) dialog: No, in the universe. The biggest whore in the whole universe. Ella hangs up the phone and approaches the reception. The Head Nurse and Clerk watch her in astonishment.
26) 45) dialog: Where’s my husband? The Clerk points to the adjoining waiting room. While in the kitchen Will asks:
26) 52) dialog: I understand everything. That night you came home - remember? I smelled of wax, or was it oil? Vinegar? DDT? I was cleaning the floor. All hot and sweaty. Seven months pregnant.
26) 55) dialog: Can’t you see that I’m speaking with my husband? The Head Nurse exchanges a look with the Clerk, who seems even more frightened. Ella turns to John and continues.
26) 56) dialog: You didn’t say anything, but you got down on all fours to help. Then, while I was taking a bath, you got in the tub with me. (MORE )
26) 58) dialog: I didn’t know anything, but I sensed you were back. And although I knew nothing, I forgave you. Who knows how much John understands. He kisses her hand. he gestures to the man who sits watching the game in the chair next to him.
26) 61) dialog: Don’t worry. I’m not leaving my husband in this dump to be treated like a fool. Come on John. John gets up nimbly, and when he sees Ella walking with difficulty, he takes her arm.
26) 63) dialog: And now I have to forgive you all over again. 48 years later. John understands nothing of what she’s saying, but seems sense her conciliatory tone.
26) 65) dialog: I don’t know if I’m a bitch or you're a son of a bitch. John stops for a second, thinking about it.
26) 67) text: The Leisure Seeker seems to skip the surface of the water it follows the Overseas Highway through the Keys. John dr while Ella is stuck to him like a Band-Aid. John struggle maneuver, but Ella doesn’t relax her embrace.
26) 68) dialog: Could you pull over, John?
26) 70) dialog: Let’s get down to look.
26) 72) dialog: John, pull this camper over immediately. I want to get out and look. John obeys. Ella opens the door and gets down. She walks the edge of the bridge, suspended between water and sky. reaches her after a moment. She hears him coming but does turn around. She speaks as she takes in nature’s sublimit
26) 73) dialog: Look, John. It’s so beautiful. John looks around in bewilderment.
26) 75) dialog: Almost.
26) 77) dialog: Maybe. 57 58 Scene 56 Page 106.
27) 0) text: Hemingway's house is crowded with tourists. There’s the restaurant, a shop full of souvenirs, tour guides who exp the same things in the same words to different groups. We slightly evil cats lounge everywhere, photographed by pho and posted immediately on Facebook. Ella is very disappoi by the place, which seems to her to be as bogus as the se a TV show. She looks at John, mortified. But John doesn’t seem disappointed at all. In fact, he throws himself into wedding ceremony taking place in the special wedding site the house’s grounds. He wanders happily among the guests, if they were his relatives. In the drunken chaos, no one seems to mind him. They are from Miami, a mixture of Angl and Latinos; they make a real racket. John toasts strange eH HH HH
27) 1) text: Scene 58 Page 106A. he even joins the group photo. Ella descends the porch st and tries to take him by the arm, to get him out of there
27) 2) dialog: Enough of this farce, John. No one will believe this.
27) 4) dialog: I’m sorry. You’ve wanted to come for so many years. And look at it. But John is no longer hearing her. He’s drawn to the brid and her bridesmaids, who have lined up to dance, their wh dresses glowing against the deep green lawn. Someone puts
27) 7) dialog: John. My husband. She hasn't the strength to protest more strongly; her voi is just a whisper.
27) 8) dialog: Leave me alone. Please, I beg you. I can’t go. John. Leave me... The paramedics don’t hear her. As they close the ambulanc doors, Ella is overcome by feelings of illness and exhaustion. She’s taken away mumbling:
27) 9) dialog: John. John. Scene 58 Page 108. Working with cool efficiency, the paramedics put an oxyge mask over her mouth, then pierce a vein and insert a drip The ambulance rushes off with siren screaming. John walks into the house in a daze. He looks around in amazement. He gazes at Hemingway's desk, which holds an o Remington, just like his back home. He studies the framed photos of the great writer in the company of Fidel and Ch or marlin fishing on his boat Pilar. But there's somethin missing. He’s lost something, but he cannot remember what is. He approaches a young female GUIDE.
28) 0) text: The taxi arrives at the hospital, a big modern edifice wi mirrored walls. John gets out with Ella’s purse in hand. taxi driver calls him back.
29) 9) dialog: Oh my god, John, how’d you get here?
29) 11) dialog: A little privacy, please.
29) 13) dialog: It’s so amazing that you found me. Who helped you?
29) 15) dialog: I don’t know, hon. I don’t think they’re going to release me now that they’ve caught me. But John stubbornly pulls back her covers and takes her h He sees her shoes and arranges them beneath the side of t bed, inviting her to get down. He drapes his jacket over shoulders of her hospital gown.
29) 19) dialog: Excuse me, where’s the exit? The nurse, oblivious, shows the way out.
30) 0) text: John and Ella embracing aboard a taxi.
30) 1) dialog: I can’t believe this. You're my hero. John smiles innocently.
30) 2) dialog: John? Oh my god... John’s relaxed expression makes her realize that he’s tak a big, satisfying piss. A dark stain widens on his pants.
31) 0) text: John, his pants wet, helps Ella out of the taxi at the Leisure Seeker. When she can’t make it up the ladder, he bends down and picks her up. Scene 62 Page 112.
31) 1) dialog: What are you doing? You’ll give yourself a hernia.
31) 4) dialog: You need to change, John. Your clean shorts are in the bottom drawer. You'll have to excuse me for not helping.
31) 6) dialog: We both need a good nap. I’d given up hope in the hospital; I didn’t think I’d see our Leisure Seeker ever again. She's filled a glass with many drops of tranquilizer. She hands it to John.
31) 7) dialog: Drink half of this. Look at you, you didn’t even wash. Come here. As John drinks, she gets some wet wipes from a packet on nightstand.
31) 8) dialog: Come on. John obeys. She lifts his night shirt and cleans between thighs. Something happens that makes her laugh. Scene 63 Page 113.
31) 9) dialog: Oh, goodness! John smiles as well, proud of his unexpected erection. He takes her hand and puts it on his cock.
31) 11) dialog: (to his cock) Well done. But you can stand down- But John thinks otherwise. He lifts her hospital gown. He maneuvers above her, on all fours. He starts gently to open her legs
31) 12) dialog: (conscious of impending pain) What are you doing?
31) 14) dialog: The face creme? She reaches for the tube/jar of creme on the night table. John takes it and puts some on his cock and on her vagina
31) 15) dialog: I don’t think I can, John.
31) 18) dialog: Yes, darling. Yes. I’m okay - After a moment he stope his push into her. Their pubic bo are together- Scene 63 Page 114.
31) 20) dialog: Yes - there He is dead still, looking down at her. He sees just the faintest grimaces of discomfort in her eyes
31) 22) dialog: (smiling slowly) Yes. All right. They lie still, then Ella starts to slowly move -
31) 24) dialog: (looking at him) You don’t want to come?
31) 26) dialog: I love you, John -
31) 28) dialog: (deeply moved) This was perfect-
31) 31) dialog: My darling Jane and Will. Here’s our lawyer’s number: I’ve taken care of everything, all the arrangements. There’s nothing for you to worry about, although I think our final Visa bill will be outrageous. We had a bit of fun there at the end. EXT. KEY WEST CAMPSITE —- MORNING 64 The following morning, the Texan is having breakfast with wife. He sees that the Leisure Seeker’s engine is running Perplexed, he goes to knock on the door. Then he opens it
31) 32) dialog: .».-I’m so sorry to hurt you like this. (MORE )
31) 34) dialog: I know how painful it must be. But pretty soon you’re going to feel something else. Relief. Relief that you won’t have to watch our bodies and our minds fade away. Relief that the burden we were becoming has been lifted from your shoulders. And you musn’t feel guilty about that...you musn’t. A deeply upset Texan emerges from the Leisure Seeker, cal for help. Other campers flock to the scene, joined by campsite staff. One of them enters the camper to turn off engine, while someone else calls 911.
31) 35) dialog: I loved your father. Very much. I didn’t have much longer, and I couldn’t leave him alone. We were always together. And I hope we’re together somewhere now. Who knows?
32) 1) dialog: This was our last wonderful vacation. We had some beautiful days. It was our happy ending. As they walk away, Jane keeps a close eye on her brother, worried that he will not be able to handle this. Will folds his mother’s letter and puts it in his pocket. He’s read and re-read it many times. He catches his siste eye: