9) 19) dialog: ...When you woke up this morning I went and I brought you back to bed with me... Anna kneels on the tiled floor, leaning over the bathtub, gently washing her baby, EVIE.
9) 20) dialog: ...-And when I was feeding you. We heard daddy singing from the kitchen, didn’t we? (sung to her baby) “Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Anna, Happy Birthday to you!” (CONTINUED)
9) 23) dialog: Daddy came upstairs with a beautiful breakfast that he made for Mommy, didn’t he? Yes he did. (noticing Megan) Thank you, Megan. Anna places her baby into Megan’s arms.
9) 24) dialog: There you go. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Megan hands the swaddled baby to Anna who now lays in her bed. Anna sits Evie on her stomach.
9) 25) dialog: (to Evie) Oh, hello. Anna laughs as she tickles Evie and turns to Megan.
9) 26) dialog: I swear I sometimes feel like my heart is gonna explode. I mean, look at her. (laughing) Look at her! The phone rings. Megan goes to answer it.
9) 27) dialog: (to Evie, playful) You're not sleeping! You’re not sleeping...
10) 4) dialog: Is that another hang-up?
11) 0) text: Anna has Megan help her fold a fitted sheet.
11) 1) dialog: .»..and grab the corners. And straighten.
11) 3) dialog: +..You what?
11) 5) dialog: (confused) I thought you were happy here. I mean, you seemed happy here...
11) 7) dialog: ...Take care of children...? Megan drops the folded sheet onto a pile.
11) 9) dialog: (trying to be positive) ...That's great.
11) 13) dialog: I’m out all day tomorrow. That is so uncool.
11) 16) dialog: It’s not the volunteering. It’s all the shopping, it’s spending hours in the farmer's market, it’s finding the right foods for her, it’s pureeing sweet potatoes. And I do all of this at the same time as I’m nursing. Megan looks at Anna carefully. Anna is exhausted.
11) 18) dialog: How would you know? That was a low blow. Megan absorbs it, hurt, then gently her set of keys down on the counter.
11) 20) dialog: There is no job more important than raising a child... Megan heads out of the kitchen towards the front door.
11) 21) dialog: (defeated) Megan, please... Megan exits without turning. 13.
12) 0) text: Anna stirs from a nap on the couch to the sound of Evie crying...coming from outside. She races to the open front door in a panic. EXT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Anna emerges from the house, frightened, and rushes forwa
12) 1) dialog: Rachel? What are you doing? Give me my baby. We see Rachel standing in the middle of the yard, cradlin Evie.
12) 2) dialog: Rachel, what are you doing?! INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Close on Anna, reliving what we realize was a memory.
12) 4) dialog: (re: flowers) Thank you... Beautiful. She notices that he’s on his phone.
12) 5) dialog: How many times has she texted you today?
12) 7) dialog: (unable to relax) She called the landline three times.
12) 11) dialog: You have to have a talk with her.
12) 13) dialog: It’s getting crazy.
12) 15) dialog: Okay. Tom cups Anna’s face gently in his hands.
12) 18) dialog: No, I like it at home. He opens a beer and sets the magnetic corkscrew/bottle op on the fridge door before hopping onto the counter.
12) 20) dialog: She just quit.
12) 22) dialog: .--She just told me she got another job.
12) 24) dialog: So did I. 15.
13) 0) text: The cars of the train slowly pass-- the glow of the windo lighting up the commuters in their seats. And here is Rac looking out. INT. ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera hovers outside the window, looking in at Anna eats a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and Evi Tom pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Megan stands at the plate glass window that lines her sho stall. She looks out at the moonlight that casts itself across the Hudson River. Water beats down on her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Exiting the train station, Rachel walks towards her home, wide eyes sighing as they take in the bleak Croton landsc INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT OVERHEAD WIDE SHOT: Anna and Tom are in bed. Tom is sound asleep, but Anna is wide-awake. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera floats behind Megan as a naked Scott steps int the stall and kisses her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Rachel enters a liquor store. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Scott has Megan pressed against the glass shower door as has sex with her from behind. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Rachel sits in bed. She finds TOM’S FACEBOOK PAGE on her laptop. She stares at the photo Tom took earlier that nig of he and Anna laying next to Evie. The caption reads: I'VE NEVER KNOWN LOVE LIKE THIS! ME AN
13) 2) text: INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Tom's phone buzzes. Anna sits up in bed and can see the caller ID reads: “RACHEL”. She angrily shoves the phone o the dresser and slumps back into bed. INT. RACHEL’S APARTMENT - SAME NIGHT CLOSE ON: A cellphone sits on the counter, dialing on speaker. Rachel pours a glass of white wine. VERY DRUNK. Tom’s voicemail picks up:
20) 0) text: Rachel sits before a beautiful bronze sculpture of three dancing maidens holding hands and joyfully dancing in a circle. Nearby, a BOY drums on a plastic bucket. Rachel sips from her squirt bottle. She flashes to Megan and Abdic kissing... then to her res her head on Tom’s shoulder at the clinic. And then to the email. We get a cleaner view. It’s a chai between Tom and Anna. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - DAY RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel sits in front of an open laptop staring at the email as Tom’s voice reads it.
21) 0) text: Anna walks alone, overcome by tears, trying to banish the memories.
37) 0) text: Rachel walks along the road. As she passes Anna’s house, sees: Anna in her window, watching her pass. ANNA’S POV: Rachel quickens her pace as she closes in on Number 15 Beckett Road. PRE-LAP: A door opens. EXT./INT. MEGAN AND SCOTT’S HOUSE - SAME MOMENT The door swings open, revealing Scott. He is the type of who, despite his distress, seems even sexier when disheve
41) 35) dialog: (to Evie, playful) Oh, you're heavy. You’re a fatty. You're a little fatty. Tom turns and sees Rachel. He starts towards her, furious
42) 0) text: As Tom reaches Rachel, she points towards Anna. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: Anna pushes Evie in a stroller toward the Beckett Road underpass.
43) 1) dialog: (pre-lap) July 5th: 1:33, 1:34, 1:37... Anna and Evie emerge from inside underpass. INT. POLICE STATION, RILEY’S DESK - DAY Anna sits across from Riley with Evie in her stroller. Ri peruses a stapled phone bill covered in red underlines. (CONTINUED)
43) 4) dialog: She calls again 1:38 and then she calls again at 1:44, 1:45, 2:15 PM. And then July 6th... You get the point. She sometimes texted him dozens of times a day.
43) 6) dialog: Unknown is Rachel.
43) 9) dialog: Not that I know.
43) 11) dialog: (interrupting) She's been hanging around Scott Hipwell’s house. A lot.
43) 13) dialog: What more do you need? fs at the phone bills laid out before her. (CONTINUED)
43) 18) dialog: What? No. She’s harassing us.
43) 20) dialog: Hi.
43) 22) dialog: Hey. (CONTINUED)
45) 24) dialog: Rachel? What are you doing?! What are you doing? Anna pulls up short, terrified. Rachel is still and silen
45) 25) dialog: Rachel... Give her to me. Slowly, Rachel places Evie on the ground. She runs away a Anna races to gather up the baby, who has started crying. Rachel staggers drunkenly through the tall weeds. Towards tracks. The train passes.
48) 0) text: Tom is behind Anna trying to have sex. Upset and distract she lies perfectly still. Frustrated his pants.
48) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. , Tom jumps out of bed. Anna watches as he pulls up
48) 3) dialog: (flatly, trying to provoking him) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
48) 6) dialog: This reminds me of when I used to watch you getting dressed before going back to her.
49) 0) text: ANNA’S MEMORY: She’s straightening her dress after a trys with Tom. Her hair and makeup is different in a way which indicates woman trying very hard to be someone she isn’t. Tom’s phone rings. It’s Rachel. Anna’s face drops. BACK IN ANNA’S BEDROOM: ON ANNA: Something dark crosses her eyes.
49) 1) dialog: Back to this house. (beat) I actually miss being the other woman. Did you enjoy cheating on Rachel? Tom pauses in getting dressed.
49) 3) dialog: (pissed) I saw her again today.
49) 5) dialog: This afternoon when the police brought Scott back home. She was across the street. And when she saw me she got aggressive.
49) 7) dialog: What if Rachel killed Megan?
49) 11) dialog: Then why is she creeping around Scott’s house? She’s dangerous and you know it. Tom raises a quieting hand.
60) 0) text: Anna sits on her bed with Tom’s laptop, trying more passwords. After a few more unsuccessful attempts, she places the la back into Tom’s bag. It bumps against something. An OLD CELLPHONE. The phone gives her pause. She inspects it a second, then holds down its POWER butto It doesn’t turn on. She thinks of something.
61) 0) text: Anna opens a drawer. Inside is a tangled web of cords and chargers. She finds one that’s a perfect fit for the phon She plugs the charger into the wall, and a second later, phone powers ON. Anna scrolls through its text history. We hear Tom readin them:
61) 5) dialog: Picking up after Evie. He laughs. She stands and gives him a quick peck, but he pulls her back, wanting more. He sits her on the counter kisses down her neck while she stares into the distance.
63) 2) dialog: Leave us alone. Rachel runs faster up the road towards the underpass FLASHBACK: Anna charges through the underpass towards Rac Rachel swipes at her, but Anna shoves her aside. Rachel s her head against a cement wall. A flash of searing pain... Rachel is now in a full run. The memories come faster and faster to her. FLASHBACK: Anna slaps Rachel across the face, then sprint away through the underpass... Rachel crawls out of a drai ditch and sets off after her.
64) 0) text: Anna stares at Tom, watching his sleepy chest rise and fa When she is satisfied that he is completely asleep, Anna quietly slips out of bed. 79.
65) 0) text: Anna, wearing a white silk robe, stands in the kitchen wi the cell phone. She turns the phone over and over in her hand, debating what to do. Finally, she hits the CONTACTS icon, but the only contact are EMERGENCY and VOICE-MAIL. She hits the VOICE-MAIL ent then places the phone to her ear.
66) 0) text: Anna stands outside, listening to the phone.
66) 8) dialog: I thought I heard something. Neither makes the attempt to bridge the distance between them.
66) 10) dialog: I just--
70) 0) text: Birds chirp. Rachel stands in front of Tom and Anna’s hou She steps onto the lawn and walks towards the house. Rachel walks around the side of the house.
71) 1) dialog: (to Evie) Come on. You’re heavy. Hello. Aw, come here... Anna is playing with Evie in a sandbox. She looks like he Her face is pale and makeup-less, her eyes blood-shot red Rachel appears from the side of the house.
71) 3) dialog: No. No. No. Go away. Go. Anna rises.
71) 5) dialog: I don’t want to hear anything you have to say.
71) 10) dialog: I know he’s a good liar. We went behind your back for months. Rachel absorbs this. Anna looks away from her.
71) 12) dialog: (cutting Rachel off) I know he’s cheating... I know... Rachel wasn’t expecting this... Behind them, the train passes. Then.
71) 14) dialog: (furious) No, we don’t... We don’t know that.
71) 16) dialog: We don’t know anything!
71) 18) dialog: No... No...
71) 20) dialog: I’m not leaving him. It’s hardly the first time he’s had an affair.
71) 22) dialog: I’m not leaving him. (CONTINUED)
72) 3) dialog: (to Tom) Why did Megan get in your car? Did Megan get in your car? (CONTINUED)
72) 8) text: (beat) Tell her the truth. Just tell her the truth right now... You attacked me in that tunnel, because I saw her with you-- Anna interrupts.
72) 9) dialog: (hard to say) ...I found Megan’s phone. The room goes silent. Tom and Rachel turn to Anna.
72) 10) dialog: I found it... (beat) So, all those phone calls... They weren’t from Rachel... Tom walks away from Rachel and out into the sitting area.
72) 11) dialog: So were you fucking her while she was here, working? While she was looking after our daughter?!
72) 14) dialog: Tom, give her to me.
72) 18) dialog: Tom, give her to me. Please. Please give her to me.
72) 20) dialog: I think she needs changing. Please?
72) 22) dialog: Please just give her to me. Anna gently takes Evie from Tom, but Tom clutches Evie by arm. Not letting go.
72) 23) dialog: Let her go. You’re going to hurt her.
72) 25) dialog: Okay, I’1l change her. Let her go. You’re gonna hurt her. With Tom distracted, Rachel reaches into her pocket and withdraws her phone, shakily dials 911-- Rachel slowly leaves the kitchen, heading towards the hallway... Still clutching Evie by the arm, Tom guides the baby towa the kitchen table.
74) 0) text: Tom forces Rachel back into the kitchen and pushes her do to a stool at the kitchen island. Anna tries to leave wit Evie.
78) 1) text: .-.-Tom stares straight at Rachel. Blood spurts from his wound! Still standing Tom leans into Rachel. Each is forced to p their arms around each other in an awkward embrace. Blood continues to flow from his neck. Together they lower to their knees on the lawn. Anna watches in shock from the upstairs window. Rachel lets go of Tom. He falls to the ground. Rachel rises and turns to the train as it barrels past on tracks. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: Riley and two Police Officers lead Rachel and Anna into t station. As they are led into different rooms, Rachel and Anna sha one final glance. They are now tied together, forever bound, by the stories they tell.
80) 2) dialog: She had no choice. Tom would have killed her. I saw the whole thing. Rachel was right about Megan. She was right about everything. 95.