15) 0) text: Rachel rides the train as it barrels past homes and buildings. Rachel reaches into her purse and pulls out a tube of lipstick. She brings it to her lips, but quickly realizes that she can’t steady her hands enough to put it on. So, almost by rote, she puts it away. Rachel catches eyes with the MAN IN THE SUIT. The Man sha his head in judgement and raises a magazine to his face.
25) 0) text: Rachel’s feet HIT the platform and she stumbles forward, oblivious to conversations going on around her. She quick picks herself up and runs down the side of the train as t engine screams past her. CLOSE ON: Rachel's face is pale. THE MAN IN THE SUIT stares at Rachel from across the platform. She opens her mouth to say something to him, bu the words keep evaporating off her tongue.
54) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Rachel sits at the bar. The Bartender places a Martini down in front of her. She closes her eyes, brings the glass to her lips and sucks d half the glass, the liquor burning her and filling her wi life. Rachel looks around at the uppity Ardsley crowd. Down at end of the bar, she notices The Man In The Suit. Fear and trepidation washes over her. Their eyes meet. He smirks. Rachel finishes her drink. She musters up all the courage inside her and walks over to him. The Man In The Suit turns towards her.
54) 2) dialog: I could ask you the same question.
54) 4) dialog: Lady, I live here. I’m always in that tunnel.
54) 6) dialog: You busted your ass. You fell. I felt sorry for you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
54) 9) dialog: I tried to help you up. You told me to fuck off. So, I fucked off.
54) 11) dialog: I don’t know. You were wasted. You're always wasted. That’s all I can tell you. Rachel grabs him by the lapels.
54) 12) dialog: Whoa. Take it easy.
54) 14) dialog: I don’t know. I’m assuming it’s the worst. The Man In The Suit walks out the door. Rachel puts her h in her hands. She’s fucked.
67) 0) text: Rachel is hyperventilating as she arrives at the underpas FLASHBACK: The woman in the red jacket walks through the underpass, headed for a car parked at the far end. Rachel follows her, remembering. FLASHBACK: Teens blow smoke into Rachel’s face. FLASHBACK: The Man in the Suit leans down over her. FLASHBACK: We hear heels clacking through the underpass. woman in red keeps walking.
68) 6) dialog: (to the teens) Hey, get the fuck out of here. Get the fuck out of here! He turns to help Rachel up.
68) 7) dialog: You're okay. You just need some help.