1) 0) text: Rachel's profile has flipped: she now rides in the opposi direction, on the EVENING TRAIN. She watches the familiar houses glide past. RACHEL’S POV: This evening, Megan sits with her equally beautiful husband, SCOTT next to a backyard fire pit. Each holds a glass of wine. The roaring fire glows on the faces as they watch the passing train. SCOTT spins Megan around and begins to kiss her.
2) 0) text: Headed back to New York, Rachel POV: Rachel stares at the burnt out fire pit behind 15 Beckett Road. Megan is on the balcony in her robe while Scott rakes lea CLOSE ON: Scott as he looks up from raking and seems to l directly at Rachel.
6) 0) text: A Living Portrait: MEGAN, the woman Rachel watches from t train-- up close and drop-dead gorgeous. OVERHEAD SHOT: Megan lies face up on a Pilates machine. She grips the hand straps, and with precision and grace, begins a series of exercises, stretching her body like a ballerina’s.
6) 1) dialog: (pre-lap) A teacher once told me I was a mistress of self-reinvention... We widen to see she is lined up with ten other suburban women. With both admiration and defeat, a FRUSTRATED WOMA observes Megan’s flexibility and strength.
6) 2) dialog: (pre-lap) ...-I wasn’t really sure what it meant at the time. But since moving here I’ve come to understand it...
7) 1) dialog: (pre-lap) Ardsley-on-Hudson is boring and routine. It’s a fucking baby factory.
8) 0) text: Megan jogs into a long dark underpass linking the outside world to Beckett.
8) 1) dialog: (pre-lap) I want to start my life over again. So far, I’ve been: rebellious teenager, lover, waitress...
9) 0) text: Megan continues down Beckett Road and jogs up her drivewa INT. MEGAN’S HOUSE - LATER THAT MORNING Megan stands in front of an open closet. Her ivory hand d between silk blouses and skirts.
9) 1) dialog: .--gallery director, nanny, and... a whore... (a moment) And not necessarily in that order. Scott approaches, slides his hands down Megan’s side, the her skirt to remove her panties. They begin to have sex against the open closet.
9) 2) dialog: (pre-lap) I can’t just be a wife anymore. She is disconnected, disinterested. Scott doesn’t notice.
9) 3) dialog: (pre-lap) That's why I stay awake at night, staring at the ceiling. INT. DR. ABDIC’S OFFICE - DAY CLOSE ON: MEGAN’S FACE AS SHE TALKS TO SOMEONE:
9) 4) dialog: ...In fact, the only time I feel like myself is when I’m running.
9) 6) dialog: Maybe since I was about seventeen. With Mac.
9) 8) dialog: My brother’s best friend. My brother who died... We finally see the extremely handsome, dark-haired man wh sits across from Megan. This is DR. KAMAL ABDIC. He’s for with a quiet command. She has been speaking to him the wh time. She smiles. She covers her mouth with her hand.
9) 9) dialog: I tend to smile when I’m nervous. Sometimes, I laugh. She moves from her chair to a couch across the room. A moment passes. Finally, the Doctor’s inviting silence elicits Megan’s confession:
9) 10) dialog: For a year, Mac and I lived in this hunting cabin. We started fucking. We were the saddest people we knew. But in a way, that cabin made us happy. No one could find us. (a moment) Everyone thought we were dead.
9) 13) dialog: I read once that when a train hits, it can rip the clothes right off of you. After a moment:
9) 14) dialog: I’m pretty sure Scott thinks the nanny job is gonna make me less restless-- make me wanna get pregnant...
9) 16) dialog: When I finish work every night, I run home, and I get in the shower and wash the smell of that baby off me as fast as I can. Megan stares at Abdic. He waits for her to continue, but just looks at him with great intensity. PRE-LAP: A gentle lullaby, and the sound of splashing wat A baby's giggle.
9) 28) dialog: (on phone) Hello? Hello? Anita’s interest is piqued. She takes Evie into the--
10) 0) text: She finds Megan on the hallway phone.
10) 1) dialog: Hello...? Megan pushes the END button on the phone. Anna steps into hall. (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: ...Mm-hmm. Anna, visibly shaken, tries not to get upset.
11) 0) text: Anna has Megan help her fold a fitted sheet.
11) 2) dialog: I got another job. Anna is blindsided.
11) 4) dialog: I’m really sorry, Anna.
11) 6) dialog: I am. It’s just this isn’t what I “do.”
11) 8) dialog: Or laundry. (beat) Another gallery head-hunted me.
11) 10) dialog: The thing is, it starts tomorrow. (CONTINUED)
11) 14) dialog: I hate to leave you like this, without childcare, but...you don’t have a job. Anna turns away, insulted.
11) 15) dialog: Ok, that sounded wrong. I know that you're busy volunteering...
11) 17) dialog: Maybe you should go back to work, too. Mothers need to work, it’s actually better for the kid...
11) 19) dialog: Your key.
13) 0) text: The cars of the train slowly pass-- the glow of the windo lighting up the commuters in their seats. And here is Rac looking out. INT. ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera hovers outside the window, looking in at Anna eats a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and Evi Tom pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Megan stands at the plate glass window that lines her sho stall. She looks out at the moonlight that casts itself across the Hudson River. Water beats down on her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Exiting the train station, Rachel walks towards her home, wide eyes sighing as they take in the bleak Croton landsc INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT OVERHEAD WIDE SHOT: Anna and Tom are in bed. Tom is sound asleep, but Anna is wide-awake. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera floats behind Megan as a naked Scott steps int the stall and kisses her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Rachel enters a liquor store. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Scott has Megan pressed against the glass shower door as has sex with her from behind. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Rachel sits in bed. She finds TOM’S FACEBOOK PAGE on her laptop. She stares at the photo Tom took earlier that nig of he and Anna laying next to Evie. The caption reads: I'VE NEVER KNOWN LOVE LIKE THIS! ME AN
17) 0) text: RACHEL’S POV OUT THE WINDOW: Rachel sees Megan alone on h porch, looking out at the train...
18) 0) text: Rachel exits her train with scores of other commuters, looking numb. She’s bombarded by images, fast cuts of: - Megan and the man kissing. We recognizes him as Dr. Abd - Glimpses of a laptop, displaying an email with the subj
20) 0) text: Rachel sits before a beautiful bronze sculpture of three dancing maidens holding hands and joyfully dancing in a circle. Nearby, a BOY drums on a plastic bucket. Rachel sips from her squirt bottle. She flashes to Megan and Abdic kissing... then to her res her head on Tom’s shoulder at the clinic. And then to the email. We get a cleaner view. It’s a chai between Tom and Anna. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - DAY RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel sits in front of an open laptop staring at the email as Tom’s voice reads it.
24) 0) text: Rachel, her eyes alive with a drunken mission, stands on packed train, her body sways with the train’s rhythms. Sh sucks down vodka from her squirt bottle. SIXTY SCHOOL CHILDREN DRESSED IN UNIFORM fill the car. Rambunctious and loud, their noise consumes the train. One YOUNG GIRL catches Rachel’s eye, regarding her frankl Rachel looks around and it seems like everyone is staring her. Rachel's gaze careens out the window trying to see into Megan’s house. The image of Megan kissing Abdic flashes in her vision ov and over. The train slows to a stop. Rachel suddenly pushes her way through the crowd to get off the train, pushing through t kids and other commuters who block her way.
34) 23) dialog: (pre-lap) You know, I lie all the time.
34) 25) dialog: I lie to Scott. I lie to you. I mean I know that’s not the point of therapy, but I have to keep things vague. Jumble up all the men, the Exes, the lovers. It doesn't matter who they are. It matters how they make me feel. Megan looks straight at Dr. Abdic.
34) 26) dialog: Lying is like taking a trip. It’s like having a secret. It’s like touching yourself and no one else knows... Dr. Abdic watches as Megan slides up her skirt and runs h hand over her panties. She hangs her head back in bliss. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Our Megan of today is having sex in a hot room. She thrusts atop a man who is lying on his back in bed. We can’t see his face. BACK IN SESSION: A moment passes. Megan smiles.
34) 27) dialog: Except you.
34) 31) dialog: Scott’s possessive. Jealous. He likes to own me. He figures out all my passwords. Which is kinda sexy. Megan avoids Dr. Abdic’s penetrating stare.
34) 32) dialog: So, when I came home last night, Scott was on my laptop wondering why--
34) 34) dialog: It’s not abuse. Not if you don’t care. And I don’t.
34) 36) dialog: Is it normal I think about you all the time? Abdic doesn’t answer, just stands and walks away.
35) 0) text: Rachel nervously scours the internet for details on Megan CLOSE ON I-PAD: Next to an article we see a photo of Mega standing in front of a large painting in the gallery wher she once worked.
37) 0) text: Rachel walks along the road. As she passes Anna’s house, sees: Anna in her window, watching her pass. ANNA’S POV: Rachel quickens her pace as she closes in on Number 15 Beckett Road. PRE-LAP: A door opens. EXT./INT. MEGAN AND SCOTT’S HOUSE - SAME MOMENT The door swings open, revealing Scott. He is the type of who, despite his distress, seems even sexier when disheve
37) 49) dialog: (pre-lap) Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?
38) 0) text: Megan sits alone in a hotel room with two different cell phones on the bed. She dials one of the phones while spea into the other. No answer. She leaves a message. Her voic strangely hopeful and broken at once, almost childlike, a she repeats a strange mantra.
38) 1) dialog: Where are you...?
39) 0) text: Deep in the forest, Megan has sex with a Man against a tr The trunk of the tree covers the Man’s face as he climaxe INT. SCOTT AND MEGAN’S KITCHEN - LATER SAME DAY Megan, in the same clothes, enters the house and finds Sc waiting at the kitchen table-- a stand-off and a portrait a troubled marriage. After a moment, she walks away. Scott springs up angrily follows, knocking over his chair.
39) 1) dialog: Stay away from me.
40) 0) text: Megan is totally out of breath, trying to calm down.
40) 1) dialog: (starting to cry) This is so stupid... He makes every conversation about getting pregnant. And every time we go there... Megan can’t bring herself to talk.
40) 3) dialog: To that subject. Dr. Abdic stands behind her and puts a hand on her should
40) 14) dialog: I don’t give a fuck. I don’t give a fuck about your fucking practice! He surges forward and grabs her tightly, starts berating in Spanish. She struggles and slaps at him, until he grab her face to look eye to eye. A moment as both of them absorb the weird intimacy of his rage at her. She smiles.
44) 0) text: The door swings open. Dr. Abdic stands there in a t-shirt sweatpants, taken aback by Megan, who wears a coat over h nightgown.
44) 2) dialog: (pushing her way in) I just... I need to tell someone, just once. Just say it out loud. I want to tell you. And then I’1l1 be gone, I swear.
45) 0) text: Megan moves past Dr. Abdic, through his home, searching i dark corners, until she ends up in his living room. Dr. Abdic catches up with her. They stand across the room from one another, in the dark. (CONTINUED)
45) 3) dialog: I got pregnant. I was seventeen. I had her by myself. She had dark eyes and blond hair. I expected it to be hard, but it wasn’t. It was easy. Because I loved her. I loved her. I called her Elizabeth. Libby. (a moment) ...Libby. (a moment) It was December. We’d gotten in a fight, me and Mac. He'd gone off and left. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Water seeps through the ceiling of a hunt cabin as it rains outside. The much younger Megan is asle in the tub.
45) 4) dialog: (in a trance) The roof was leaking. I was freezing cold, so I got in the tub. I brought Libby in with me, put her on my chest... BACK IN DR. ABDIC’S HOUSE: Megan continues her story.
45) 5) dialog: .+-her head just under my chin. (a moment) I fell asleep. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Megan stirs awake in the tub.
45) 6) dialog: I let her go. I let her go. Megan jumps out of the tub screaming. She runs from the bathroom and outside the cabin. BACK IN DR. ABDIC’S HOUSE: Megan breaks down.
45) 7) dialog: I let her go. I let her go. MEGAN’S MEMORY: She scrambles out of the tub, across the floor, and out into the freezing rain. Naked and distraug
45) 8) dialog: I couldn’t look. I didn’t want to see it. I didn’t want to see her like that. BACK IN DR. ABDIC’S HOUSE: Megan tries to regain control. (CONTINUED)
45) 11) dialog: I wrapped her in a blanket. And I buried her. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Megan hands the baby to MAC, 25, who plac it in a shallow grave he’s just dug. BACK IN DR. ABDIC’S HOUSE: Megan embraces Dr. Abdic.
45) 12) dialog: Then Mac went out that night. And he never came back. He never came back. They stand alone in his home, holding each other. INT. DR. ABDIC’S OFFICE - MORNING Rachel watches the train pass by outside the window, then tells her memory to Dr. Abdic who listens closely.
51) 21) dialog: (into phone) Hi. I need to see you. Can you please come over? She hangs up, drops the test, and puts her head in her ha She looks up and finds herself in the mirror.
51) 22) dialog: (pre-lap) I can still see her dark eyes. I can smell her skin. EXT. MEGAN AND SCOTT’S PORCH - LATER THAT MORNING Megan stands alone on the balcony, tears in her eyes.
51) 23) dialog: I can feel how cold she was.
52) 0) text: Rachel is on the train, watching Megan and Dr. Abdic on t balcony, and we realize: — WE ARE WITNESSING THE MOMENT THAT RACHEL SAW FROM THE TRAIN, BUT NOW FROM A NEW ANGLE. The train starts to pull away from the station. Rachel ge out of her seat, rushes down the aisle to try to keep the view.
53) 0) text: As the train disappears, we remain with Megan and Dr. Abd
66) 2) dialog: (on the phone) Hi, it’s Megan. Leave a message. Anna’s heart is in her throat.
66) 4) dialog: (on the phone) Hi, it’s Megan. Leave a message. Above Anna, the upstairs bedroom light turns on. Then downstairs in the kitchen... Anna sees the lit-up window. Shit. EXT. TOM AND ANNA’S BACK YARD - SAME NIGHT Panicked, Anna hurls the cell phone over the back fence. Behind Anna, the screen door opens and Tom steps outside.
68) 4) dialog: Rachel’s down there. And now the man is striding angrily towards Rachel while Megan waits by the car. It’s Tom. Tom charges through the underpass toward Rachel.
75) 0) text: Rachel’s memory slowly fades back in. The moment when Meg is walking away from her. This time we stay with Megan as she reaches Tom’s car.
75) 1) dialog: Rachel’s down there.
75) 4) dialog: What’s going on? (CONTINUED)
75) 9) dialog: I just want to go to the woods. Megan stares out the window at the trees as they drive de into the woods. Rain drops obscure the image. There’s a sadness to Megan.
76) 0) text: Tom and Megan walk through the trees in the rain. Megan l him. TOM’S POV: Megan runs ahead and turns around, smiling lik siren.
76) 6) dialog: No. Tom smirks and spins her around so she’s facing the tree.
76) 9) dialog: I’m pregnant. Tom’s face is blank. Megan says nothing.
76) 11) dialog: I thought you should know.
76) 13) dialog: There’s a chance it could be yours. Tom stares at her a beat.
76) 15) dialog: You can be as involved as you want. Tom tenses up.
76) 19) dialog: Why did you bring me there in the first place?
76) 21) dialog: I played your game so you could fuck me in between Evie’s playdates.
76) 23) dialog: I took care of your kid to be near you! Megan pushes Tom hard. He stumbles forward and onto the ground.
76) 24) dialog: You fucked Anna because you couldn’t fuck Rachel anymore! And you fucked me because you couldn’t fuck Anna! Take us all away and you're just a pathetic, impotent man! Tom shoves Megan backwards into the ground. HER HEAD SLAM INTO A ROCK. Blood spills onto the forest floor. Tom stands over Megan. All is silent. She's dizzy and disoriented. After a moment -
76) 25) dialog: You’re not gonna get rid of me. You're gonna pay for this child for the rest of your life-- Tom raises his foot and smashes his heel HARD into Megan’ head. Then he raises his foot and does it again. Megan lies still. (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: Rachel, looking more put together than we’ve seen, makes way towards a low headstone: “MEGAN HIPWELL 1990-2016” She silently pays her respects.