0) 0) text: We hear a train’s mournful clatter as trees flash by and the train itself passes in a silvery streak. A woman draws an “x” on her foggy window-- looking out through it directly at us: This is RACHEL and she is THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.
0) 1) dialog: ..-My husband used to tell me I have an overactive imagination. I can’t help it. I mean, haven’t you ever been on a train and wondered about the lives of the people who live near the tracks? The lives you've never lived. RACHEL’S POV: Out the window: A series of backyards slowl passes: A MAN walks towards his front yard. An OLDER MAN works on a vintage car in his yard. CHILDREN slide down playground equipment. A LONE BOY throws a ball. His dog chases after it.
0) 4) dialog: These are things I want to know. Rachel sits alone, sketching in a small notebook. CLOSE ON: Rachel’s expectant eyes as the train begins to slow.
0) 5) dialog: «+. Twice a day I sit in the third car from the front where I have the perfect view into my favorite house: Number 15 Beckett Road... RACHEL’S POV: Standing on the upstairs deck of a house, a gorgeous blonde, MEGAN, wears a light opened robe with on white underwear and bra underneath. She stretches her bac like a cat. Her curved silhouette is intoxicating. The train comes to a brief stop at the station and, outsi the other window, Rachel can see work crews fixing the tracks. And beyond them, the Hudson River. (CONTINUED)
0) 7) dialog: ...I don’t know when exactly. I suppose I started noticing her about a year ago and, gradually, as the months went past, she became important to me... As the train creeps forward RACHEL SPOTS-- A BLUE HOUSE WITH A WHITE PICKET FENCE... .--She quickly averts her eyes from the view of the house repressing an inner pain. Focusing on her sketch book. Rachel's eyes land on a MAN IN A SUIT, red hair, 50, past and plain-- typing on a laptop. He looks up at Rachel. Th is something disconcerting about the exchange.
0) 8) dialog: I’m not the girl I used to be. I think people can see it on my face.
1) 0) text: Rachel's profile has flipped: she now rides in the opposi direction, on the EVENING TRAIN. She watches the familiar houses glide past. RACHEL’S POV: This evening, Megan sits with her equally beautiful husband, SCOTT next to a backyard fire pit. Each holds a glass of wine. The roaring fire glows on the faces as they watch the passing train. SCOTT spins Megan around and begins to kiss her.
1) 1) dialog: She's what I lost. She’s everything I want to be... Rachel returns to her sketchbook.
2) 0) text: Headed back to New York, Rachel POV: Rachel stares at the burnt out fire pit behind 15 Beckett Road. Megan is on the balcony in her robe while Scott rakes lea CLOSE ON: Scott as he looks up from raking and seems to l directly at Rachel.
2) 1) text: Rachel's train arrives and she wades through a sea of commuters in the Grand Hall. She wears a plain dress and carries a work satchel.
3) 0) text: Rachel sits in a row of chairs getting her shoes shined. She’s the only woman among eight male customers. Rachel sketches in her sketch book and sips from a squirt bottle.
3) 1) dialog: ...I imagine she’s a painter... She's creative. CLOSE ON SKETCH PAD: We see Rachel’s hand at work as she produces a beautiful images of Megan and Scott.
3) 2) dialog: He’s a doctor or an architect.
4) 0) text: Rachel sits at the counter continuing to draw in her sket book. The restaurant is bustling with tourists and locals
4) 1) dialog: He has a good laugh. She can’t cook.
4) 4) dialog: I wonder what they say to each other before they go to sleep.
5) 0) text: Rachel's profile has flipped again: she rides the EVENING TRAIN and watches as she passes the urban landscape of Harlem.
5) 1) dialog: Today her name is “Jess,” tomorrow it could be “Lisa” or “Amber.” It all depends on the day, it depends on my mood. Later that night, as the train slows, Rachel nears the bl house (23 Beckett Road). She looks to her lap, letting it pass. She raises her head and looks at Number 15 Beckett Road. ..-NOW, Megan and Scott can be seen kissing through the window of their house.
5) 2) dialog: The truth is, I don’t know her name. I don’t know if she paints or whether he has a good laugh. I just know they know love... RACHEL'S POV: Megan and Scott begin to make love.
5) 3) dialog: Sometimes I catch myself trying to remember the last time I had meaningful contact with another person... Rachel stays on the couple then an irresistible urge pull her gaze back to the blue house two doors down. This time, when the Blue House (23 Beckett Road) appears, Rachel refuses to turn her gaze away. RACHEL’S POV: The upstairs window of the Blue House. In i Rachel sees herself! Standing in the window in the light day.
5) 4) dialog: I used to live two doors down... number 13 Beckett Road. It was my first home. We bought it together. It was ours. RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel, in the Blue House, turns from t window to come face to face with a handsome man, TOM. The smile and laugh as Rachel grabs him. He kisses her passionately as they enjoy their empty, NEWLY-PURCHASED H BACK ON THE TRAIN: Rachel blinks: she is still looking at blue house.
5) 5) dialog: Every day, I tell myself not to look. RACHEL’S POV: NOW, in reality, a woman, ANNA, stands in t window holding a BABY, EVIE.
5) 6) dialog: But then I look... Rachel watches as Anna becomes a tiny dot that vanishes i the distance.
5) 8) dialog: (polite) Yeah. She pats the seat next to her and takes her bag from it.
5) 9) dialog: No, come. It’s all yours. Rachel smiles at the child.
5) 10) dialog: Your baby’s so cute. (to boy) Hi, baby.
5) 12) dialog: Is it... Is it a boy?
5) 15) dialog: So sweet. How...how old is he?
5) 17) dialog: Six months. Rachel softly squeezes the boy’s hand and giggles. The Wo begins to pick up on Rachel’s slurred speech and notices little empty vodka bottles at the mouth of Rachel’s purse
5) 18) dialog: So sweet. Rachel realizes the Woman knows she is drunk. The Woman repositions her child away from Rachel. CLOSE ON: Rachel’s eyes, bleary, blink in slow motion. Rachel, now seated alone, drinks from her squirt bottle.
6) 0) text: A Living Portrait: MEGAN, the woman Rachel watches from t train-- up close and drop-dead gorgeous. OVERHEAD SHOT: Megan lies face up on a Pilates machine. She grips the hand straps, and with precision and grace, begins a series of exercises, stretching her body like a ballerina’s.
13) 0) text: The cars of the train slowly pass-- the glow of the windo lighting up the commuters in their seats. And here is Rac looking out. INT. ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera hovers outside the window, looking in at Anna eats a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and Evi Tom pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Megan stands at the plate glass window that lines her sho stall. She looks out at the moonlight that casts itself across the Hudson River. Water beats down on her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Exiting the train station, Rachel walks towards her home, wide eyes sighing as they take in the bleak Croton landsc INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT OVERHEAD WIDE SHOT: Anna and Tom are in bed. Tom is sound asleep, but Anna is wide-awake. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera floats behind Megan as a naked Scott steps int the stall and kisses her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Rachel enters a liquor store. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Scott has Megan pressed against the glass shower door as has sex with her from behind. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Rachel sits in bed. She finds TOM’S FACEBOOK PAGE on her laptop. She stares at the photo Tom took earlier that nig of he and Anna laying next to Evie. The caption reads: I'VE NEVER KNOWN LOVE LIKE THIS! ME AN
13) 2) text: INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Tom's phone buzzes. Anna sits up in bed and can see the caller ID reads: “RACHEL”. She angrily shoves the phone o the dresser and slumps back into bed. INT. RACHEL’S APARTMENT - SAME NIGHT CLOSE ON: A cellphone sits on the counter, dialing on speaker. Rachel pours a glass of white wine. VERY DRUNK. Tom’s voicemail picks up:
13) 4) dialog: (into phone) Hey, Tom, it's me. I just wanted to wish Momma a happy birthday. "Happy birthday, Momma--” CATHY, Rachel’s roommate, appears, grabs Rachel’s phone a presses END.
13) 6) dialog: No no no. No, don’t, Cathy. Please stop it! Cathy, come on! But Cathy easily fends her off.
13) 8) dialog: I just need something to go to sleep. I just need a little bit to go to sleep. Cathy gently guides Rachel towards her room.
13) 12) dialog: He posted another picture of the baby. It was a cute picture.
13) 14) dialog: I got it. I got it.
13) 17) dialog: I really appreciate this room. I do. I thought that I would just be here for a couple of weeks or a month.
13) 24) dialog: We can’t afford to do it again.
15) 0) text: Rachel rides the train as it barrels past homes and buildings. Rachel reaches into her purse and pulls out a tube of lipstick. She brings it to her lips, but quickly realizes that she can’t steady her hands enough to put it on. So, almost by rote, she puts it away. Rachel catches eyes with the MAN IN THE SUIT. The Man sha his head in judgement and raises a magazine to his face.
17) 0) text: RACHEL’S POV OUT THE WINDOW: Rachel sees Megan alone on h porch, looking out at the train...
17) 1) dialog: I wonder what she’s looking at... Or if she even sees this train at all. ..-Rachel gives a little smile. A moment of reprieve from troubled mind... NOW, SOMETHING PECULIAR HAPPENS... ...a DARK-HAIRED MAN steps onto the porch, and embraces Megan. CLOSE ON: Rachel blinks. The train stops at the station, allowing Rachel a closer look. The Dark-Haired Man’s face is obscured in the shadows, BU IS NOT SCOTT...
17) 2) dialog: Who is that man? AND THEN THEY KISS. The train begins moving again and Rachel quickly jumps to feet...
17) 4) dialog: What is she doing? 20.
18) 0) text: Rachel exits her train with scores of other commuters, looking numb. She’s bombarded by images, fast cuts of: - Megan and the man kissing. We recognizes him as Dr. Abd - Glimpses of a laptop, displaying an email with the subj
18) 3) dialog: She's throwing it all away.
19) 0) text: Rachel pours a bottle of vodka into her empty squirt bott and throws the vodka bottle into the garbage. It shatters
20) 0) text: Rachel sits before a beautiful bronze sculpture of three dancing maidens holding hands and joyfully dancing in a circle. Nearby, a BOY drums on a plastic bucket. Rachel sips from her squirt bottle. She flashes to Megan and Abdic kissing... then to her res her head on Tom’s shoulder at the clinic. And then to the email. We get a cleaner view. It’s a chai between Tom and Anna. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - DAY RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel sits in front of an open laptop staring at the email as Tom’s voice reads it.
21) 2) dialog: (pre-lap) When it happened to me, I found dozens of emails. Tom told her that he’d never felt like this before. He said it wouldn’t be that much longer until they were together.
22) 0) text: Rachel sits at the lunch counter drinking a martini. She speaks to another patron. A WOMAN, 70, who is drinking al as well.
22) 1) dialog: I know what they say: “You shouldn’t check his email.” I was stupid. But when I saw it was from the realtor I thought that it was just spam. And then I realized that they were kisses not Xs and my husband was fucking a Century 21 Agent. She laughs at the absurdity.
22) 3) dialog: It does. Her name was Anna Boyd and he was in love with her.
23) 0) text: CLOSE-ON: Rachel runs lipstick over a mirror, creating a xX XXX xX. She turns from the mirror where the woman is standing and watching her. Rachel raises her phone in front of them. (CONTINUED)
23) 3) dialog: (drunk whisper to woman) Come here for one second. Say "fuck you, Anna Boyd", but just yell it. The woman nods. Rachel turns on the phone's video. Togeth they shout into the camera.
23) 5) dialog: That bitch is living in my house. I picked everything in that house. I picked everything. I picked the dining table, the kitchen table. I wonder if she knows that I fucked Tom on the same table that her baby eats at. I just want to tell her. I wish I could tell her. I picked everything in that house. I fucking picked everything in that house! Rachel turns back to the mirror. Her energy has shifted, there's an anger rising within her.
23) 6) dialog: ...I could never find the words to describe how I felt when I read that e-mail, but this morning, I did. I did. When I saw that woman kissing someone else, betraying her husband, I felt it. I felt... Pure. Rage. Slowly the Camera pushes into Rachel’s naked face as the sound of the bar vanish.
23) 7) dialog: ...-Like something has been taken from ME again. If I could... If I could, I’d just go to her house. And I'd go in and find her sitting at the kitchen table. I’d wrap my hand in her long blonde hair and jerk her head back. Just jerk it back! And then I’d pull her down to the ground and I would just smash her head all over the floor! Rachel smears the lipstick Xs into oblivion in her rage. (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: Rachel, her eyes alive with a drunken mission, stands on packed train, her body sways with the train’s rhythms. Sh sucks down vodka from her squirt bottle. SIXTY SCHOOL CHILDREN DRESSED IN UNIFORM fill the car. Rambunctious and loud, their noise consumes the train. One YOUNG GIRL catches Rachel’s eye, regarding her frankl Rachel looks around and it seems like everyone is staring her. Rachel's gaze careens out the window trying to see into Megan’s house. The image of Megan kissing Abdic flashes in her vision ov and over. The train slows to a stop. Rachel suddenly pushes her way through the crowd to get off the train, pushing through t kids and other commuters who block her way.
24) 1) dialog: Move! Get out of my way! Move! Rachel runs down the aisle and gets off the train.
25) 0) text: Rachel’s feet HIT the platform and she stumbles forward, oblivious to conversations going on around her. She quick picks herself up and runs down the side of the train as t engine screams past her. CLOSE ON: Rachel's face is pale. THE MAN IN THE SUIT stares at Rachel from across the platform. She opens her mouth to say something to him, bu the words keep evaporating off her tongue.
26) 0) text: Rachel leaves the station and looks ahead through the ARC THE UNDERPASS-- the dark tunnel. She is driven onward by Man, who seems to be following her. She drunkenly cuts off the road into the woods, but conti towards the underpass. Something inexplicable pulls her forward. (CONTINUED)
26) 3) dialog: Hey! Hey!!! She chases the woman into the dark underpass, sees the woman’s red jacket moving further away, and bellows out:
26) 4) dialog: You whore! She is suddenly swallowed by the SCREAM OF BLACKNESS. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME MOMENT RACHEL'’S POV: Details come slowly into focus. An empty v bottle. The overturned squirt bottle. Rachel’s hand, with dirt under the fingernails. Her sweater, matted with bloo the shoulder. Her phone, also flecked with blood. Rachel stirs painfully and we see her hair matted with bl as well. She reaches for the phone. A voicemail from Tom plays over the speaker.
26) 11) dialog: Oh my god... CLOSE ON: Rachel digs the dirt out from her fingernails. She looks at herself in the mirror. With the blood gone, can see the bruises that mottle her arms and legs.
26) 14) dialog: Cathy, I just need a sec.
26) 16) dialog: I have a stomach flu, okay?
26) 19) dialog: Cathy, just go away! INT. RACHEL’S BATHROOM - SAME DAY The camera hovers behind Rachel’s back as she sits naked the edge of the bathtub, holding herself and watching the video of her drunken rant. (CONTINUED)
26) 22) dialog: (on phone) ...Fuck you, Anna Boyd! RACHEL TRIES TO REMEMBER — FLASH - The Man in the Suit races towards us. FLASH - Rachel screams out to the woman.
26) 23) dialog: You whore! FLASH - A blonde woman falls to a kitchen floor. FLASH - Rachel runs through the underpass. FLASH - TEENS blow smoke into Rachel’s face. FLASH - Rachel lies halfway in a drainage ditch flowing b the underpass.
27) 0) text: Close on Rachel during her morning commute, eyes closed, trying to remember.
28) 0) text: MEMORY: Rachel steals up behind a Blonde Woman sitting at kitchen island. Suddenly, Rachel grabs her hair and throw her to the floor. FLASH - A silhouette runs through the underpass.
29) 0) text: Rachel’s eyes snap open, startled. She tries to focus on her sketch book. She’s been drawing underpass.
30) 0) text: The train disappears into a tunnel under the city streets INT. CHURCH OF ST. LUKE’S, NYC - MONDAY MORNING A group of about fifty people meet. Rachel is among them. DAVID is the facilitator. (CONTINUED)
30) 7) dialog: Hi, I’m Rachel, and...
30) 9) dialog: This is day one, I suppose. I’m here because I... (there’s no easy way to put this) Because I woke up this morning covered in blood. And I had bruises all over my arm and... It’s usually from when I’ve fallen and someone has helped me up. My husband... He used to tell me what I’d done the night before... And I learned that when you wake up like that, you just say you're sorry. You just say you're sorry for what you did and you're sorry for who you are and you're never gonna do it again. But you do. You do it again. Rachel swallows back tears.
30) 10) dialog: And there's... time missing. I need to remember. I need to remember. Rachel sits back down. On her face as David moves on. 27. (CONTINUED)
31) 4) dialog: (pre-lap) Do you like Devil’s Eggs, Martha? INT. MARTHA’S HOUSE - DAY RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel is drunk at a barbecue, helping Martha arrange the food. Tom talks to his colleagues in t background. Martha notes Rachel’s drunkenness, disapprovi
31) 6) dialog: Deviled Eggs. Rachel playfully, but clumsily, walks a plate of deviled up to Tom and his colleagues.
31) 7) dialog: The classics. Do you want to try one, anybody?
31) 12) dialog: It doesn’t fucking matter where they go, okay? So do you want to put them here? She starts tossing individual eggs around the table.
31) 13) dialog: Do you want them with your hot dogs? Or you can put a couple with your quinoa if you want. Or do you want to put them with your other salad and your corn, and a couple on the wall!
31) 16) dialog: I'm fine, Tom. Stop it! You didn’t back me up. You never have my back.
32) 0) text: RACHEL’S MEMORY: Tom escorts Rachel by the arm towards Gr Central. Rachel can barely walk. She shrugs him off and points accusingly.
32) 1) dialog: You never have my back.
32) 3) dialog: I don’t give a fuck. I’m your wife. She shoves him away, hard.
32) 4) dialog: I’m your wife and you never... you never fucking support me-- Tom staggers back, but tries to settle Rachel, taking her the arms. (CONTINUED)
32) 9) dialog: Don’t fucking talk to me like that!
33) 0) text: Rachel gets off the train, deliberately walking past the Liquor Store. EXT. RACHEL’S APARTMENT - LATER THAT EVENING Rachel walks up the stairs of her apartment. INT. RACHEL’S LIVING ROOM - SAME EVENING Rachel enters the apartment. Cathy runs to greet her. She surprisingly cheery.
33) 2) dialog: Cathy, I’m sorry. I need to get my shit together. I’m... Cathy raises a finger to her lips, indicating that Rachel needs to be quiet. In the living room stands a female cop, DETECTIVE RILEY, her partner, DETECTIVE GASKILL, both staring back at Rach
33) 6) dialog: What’s this about?
33) 9) dialog: I was at work in the city. And then... (beat) ...And then I went to visit my husband.
33) 11) dialog: (trying to keep her head together) .»--Yes. So I got off the train at Ardsley-on-Hudson. But then I decided that it was a bad idea.
33) 13) dialog: I was back here by 11:00. Rachel catches Cathy’s eye. Cathy knows Rachel is lying, she backs her.
33) 16) dialog: No. (CONTINUED)
33) 17) text: Rachel, fli Detective Rachel is 32.
33) 19) dialog: (panicking to keep up) Um, 6:00.
33) 23) dialog: What do you mean she’s missing?
33) 25) dialog: I was just...I was--
33) 27) dialog: (trapped) ...No.
33) 29) dialog: (rattled) No. I don’t think so.
33) 34) dialog: (weakly) Right.
33) 39) dialog: Look, I didn’t want you to worry that I couldn’t pay the rent...
33) 41) dialog: I... I ride the train.
33) 43) dialog: I ride the train to New York and back. Cathy is now in complete disbelief. (CONTINUED)
33) 47) dialog: Okay. Okay. Rachel tries to focus.
33) 48) dialog: I got on the train. And then...I got off the train. I don’t know! It’s very unclear...
33) 53) dialog: ...What? What? (CONTINUED)
33) 57) dialog: (distracted) Hold on... Rachel darts out of the apartment:
34) 0) text: Rachel runs out of the apartment, approaches Detective Ri who stands at her car talking to her partner.
34) 2) dialog: Detective Riley! Riley turns and walks towards Rachel. They meet in the street.
34) 3) dialog: I saw someone with Megan Hipwell, but not on Friday night. Riley gives an almost imperceptible shake of her head.
34) 4) dialog: She was having an affair. She had a lover. That’s what I’m trying to tell you.
34) 6) dialog: No. But I saw her.
34) 8) dialog: I saw her from the train. She was standing on the deck with this man. (CONTINUED)
34) 12) dialog: No. It wasn’t him. This man was different. And they were kissing.
34) 14) dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but--
34) 19) dialog: Yes. (CONTINUED)
34) 37) dialog: (reading the news, pre- lap) “Almost exactly a week ago, Megan Hipwell walked out of Number 15 Beckett Road and disappeared...”
35) 0) text: Rachel nervously scours the internet for details on Megan CLOSE ON I-PAD: Next to an article we see a photo of Mega standing in front of a large painting in the gallery wher she once worked.
35) 1) dialog: (reading the news) “,..No one has seen her since. Neither her phone nor her bank cards have been used since Friday...” Rachel looks back to the seat where the Man In The Suit usually sits. An older bald man stares back blankly. 39.
36) 0) text: Rachel now stands in front of the same painting we saw Me standing in front of. It is a painting of a woman standin suspiciously on a train platform. (The Subway by George Tooker. )
36) 1) dialog: (reading) “,..A wonderful woman. An intensely private person with a warm heart. She lost a brother when she was sixteen, and both her parents died a few years ago...” Rachel focuses intently on the painting, pushing in close and closer.
36) 2) dialog: (reading) “Scott Hipwell urges anyone with information to please come forward.”
37) 0) text: Rachel walks along the road. As she passes Anna’s house, sees: Anna in her window, watching her pass. ANNA’S POV: Rachel quickens her pace as she closes in on Number 15 Beckett Road. PRE-LAP: A door opens. EXT./INT. MEGAN AND SCOTT’S HOUSE - SAME MOMENT The door swings open, revealing Scott. He is the type of who, despite his distress, seems even sexier when disheve
37) 2) dialog: Yes. Rachel.
37) 7) dialog: Sure. Thank you. Scott guides Rachel to the kitchen table, covered in pape
37) 10) dialog: I don’t think so.
37) 12) dialog: Uh...from the gallery.
37) 14) dialog: Well, I like to think so. Rachel notices that there is a slight residue of lipstick the lip of the cup-- presumably Megan’s. Rachel turns the lipstick mark away from her, then steadi her nerves before taking a sip.
37) 17) dialog: I saw your wife with someone...on Friday morning. scott With who? (CONTINUED)
37) 20) dialog: She was up there on your porch. (pointing) I saw her from the train because I commute to Manhattan everyday and I go straight past here. Scott represses his reaction.
37) 21) dialog: (hard to say) She kissed him. (a moment) They were kissing. This lands very hard on Scott. He lowers his head trying best to keep it together.
37) 22) dialog: I’m sorry. I know this is a terrible thing to hear. I know how it feels. Scott turns toward her, measured.
37) 24) dialog: He was average height. He had dark- hair. Scott stiffens.
37) 26) dialog: Yes. A moment.
37) 28) dialog: No no no. Thank you. (changing her mind) ok. Sure. Scott hands her a beer. She takes a long pull. (CONTINUED)
37) 32) dialog: Right. Scott takes a swig from his beer.
37) 34) dialog: (flustered) Oh no. I haven’t heard anything.
37) 36) dialog: Well, I used to live nearby... She and I, we took yoga... we took pilates together. I think I should go, I feel like I’ve taken up too much of your time. So sorry to have had to tell you that in that way. Rachel pushes the beer away and starts to get up, but Sco places his hand on her wrist. She is immediately thrown o guard by being so close to him.
37) 38) dialog: I don’t know. NOW, Scott grabs his iPad and starts Googling.
37) 43) dialog: I don’t know. I really can’t tell.
37) 45) dialog: (distorted, dream-like) I remember... BACK IN SCOTT’S KITCHEN:
37) 46) dialog: That’s him. Rachel turns to Scott, her face filled with a strange new excitement. There’s something intimate for her about help Scott:
37) 47) dialog: I’m sorry.
41) 0) text: Rachel takes a brief break from shooting pool-- on the television there is news footage of Dr. Abdic peacefully being escorted from his home and getting into a detective car.
41) 2) dialog: (overlapping) ---Dr. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
41) 5) dialog: Kamal Abdic has been brought in for questioning on the disappearance of Ardsley-on-Hudson resident, Megan Hipwell. He was, according to sources, Mrs. Hipwell’s psychiatrist... Rachel leans over a pool table, taking aim with a cue. A DRUNKEN GUY hangs behind her.
41) 6) dialog: For the first time in ages I have purpose. Rachel hits the ball into the pocket and celebrates with guy.
41) 7) dialog: .--Or at least, I have a distraction... She continues to play and flirt with her opponent.
41) 8) dialog: ...I want Megan to show up safe and sound. I do. BING. Rachel looks down at her phone to find a TEXT FROM SCOTT: NEED TO MEET ASAP”
41) 9) dialog: .--dust not quite yet... Rachel rushes out. EXT./INT. SCOTT’S HOUSE - DAY Scott opens his door.
41) 10) dialog: Hi. He turns and she follows him inside to the living room.
41) 11) dialog: What’s wrong?
41) 13) dialog: What?! (CONTINUED)
41) 18) dialog: They’1l build a case against him, it’‘ll just take some time.
41) 20) dialog: .-.Yes.
41) 22) dialog: I don’t understand.
41) 24) dialog: Yeah, but he’s...
41) 26) dialog: I’m sure that they’re just trying to rule you out before--
41) 29) dialog: No. We just need to find more evidence on Abdic. (CONTINUED)
42) 0) text: As Tom reaches Rachel, she points towards Anna. (CONTINUED)
42) 3) dialog: Your wife hit me on Friday night!
42) 5) dialog: Yes. Yes she did. Rachel clocks Anna staring out the front door glass watch them.
42) 6) dialog: (to Anna) Yes you did! (to Tom) And then she got in your car.
42) 8) dialog: No. That is not what happened! She was in the tunnel. And she hit me.
42) 10) dialog: (straightening up) I’m not drunk, Tom!
42) 12) dialog: Of what?
42) 14) dialog: That’s bullshit. You know that’s not... how it happened. (CONTINUED)
42) 20) dialog: Because I’m helping him.
42) 22) dialog: To try and find Megan.
42) 26) dialog: (his accent) You have an accent? (CONTINUED)
42) 30) dialog: Sorry. I wasn’t expecting you to have an accent.
42) 32) dialog: (laughs ) Where are you from?
42) 34) dialog: No. I’m sorry. I was just trying to make conversation.
42) 36) dialog: Mm-hmm.
42) 38) dialog: Well, when I wake up, and when someone tells me what I’ve done, it just doesn’t feel like me or like something that I would do. I feel bad about it. But it’s like it’s so far removed that I have a... I just don’t feel bad enough. (CONTINUED)
42) 42) dialog: ...yeah.
42) 45) dialog: I like to draw. Art, I guess.
42) 47) dialog: I've tried it. It doesn’t work.
42) 49) dialog: ...It was with Tom. When I couldn’t get pregnant.
42) 51) dialog: He’s my ex-husband.
42) 53) dialog: I really wanted a baby. (CONTINUED)
42) 56) dialog: We tried everything and nothing worked. And it just absolutely... She starts crying.
42) 57) dialog: It just broke my heart. So I got really sad and then the booze just broke us... Rachel is gutted.
42) 59) dialog: I used to watch this perfect couple. And they were just the embodiment of true love. It’s like the kind of love you always want. And then, she betrayed him. And it’s sparked something in me... Rachel has just placed her head into the lion’s mouth. A moment. Abdic senses an agenda.
42) 61) dialog: Because I’m afraid of myself.
43) 25) dialog: Hi. It’s Scott. He’s very troubled. Completely caught off gua Rachel just stands there.
43) 27) dialog: Come in. LATER: Rachel and Scott sit in the living room, holding steaming coffee mugs. Deep in thought, Scott shakes his h
43) 34) dialog: (wide-eyed) She loved you. She loved you in ways that people only dream of being loved. INT. RACHEL’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT LATER: Scott sleeps peacefully in Rachel’s bed. BOOM! The camera jumps back to reveal a wide shot: Rachel standing above Scott, watching him sleep. Rachel slowly sits down next to him and hesitantly places hand on his chest.
45) 13) dialog: I missed our home. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOME - DAY - MEMORY Anna drifts through the house, taking in the framed photo baby Evie.
45) 15) dialog: So one day when I was drunk, I decided to go there. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - DAY - MEMORY Rachel enters the house again.
45) 16) dialog: The front door was open. It’s not like I broke in. She feels the staircase banister, remembering, then conti farther into the house.
45) 17) dialog: And then I heard Evie.
45) 19) dialog: Tom’s baby. (CONTINUED)
45) 22) dialog: I know this sounds insane, but I just wanted to hold her. INT. DR. ABDIC’S OFFICE - MORNING Rachel looks up at Dr. Abdic’s comforting face:
45) 23) dialog: ...Just for a moment. EXT. TOM AND ANNA’S BACKYARD - MOMENTS LATER - MEMORY Rachel stops in the middle of the yard and turns. She sees Megan watching from her balcony. The screen door slams open.
45) 26) dialog: I wasn’t going to hurt her. I would never hurt her. INT. DR. ABDIC’S OFFICE - MORNING On Rachel:
45) 27) dialog: I just wanted to hold her. 61.
47) 0) text: Rachel rides the train as buildings and landscapes whisk her. Her profile against the window. Her gaze on someone’ iPad. RACHEL’S POV: On the iPad is a news report with an image woman’s profile inside white plastic.
47) 1) dialog: “,..partially decomposed body found... female body found...” Rachel's gaze wanders away to another person’s iPad where sees: RACHEL’S POV: A smiling photo of Megan.
47) 2) dialog: “,..death a result of blunt force trauma... partially decomposed... blunt force... Megan Hipwell... Investigation now being called a homicide...” ON RACHEL’S FACE: Molested with horror. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOME - KITCHEN - DAY Tom and Anna stand in stunned silence above a sink of dir dishes they have been washing. Their eyes are glued to a television where an anchor is reporting Megan’s death.
47) 3) dialog: “,..Sources say the partially decomposed body fund is missing Ardsley woman Megan Hipwell...Death a result of blunt force trauma... Megan Hipwell’s investigation now being called a homicide.” Tom and Anna are in complete disbelief. EXT. SCOTT AND MEGAN’S HOME - THAT NIGHT - DUSK A police car arrives and Scott exits the car, rushing int his home. (CONTINUED)
49) 0) text: ANNA’S MEMORY: She’s straightening her dress after a trys with Tom. Her hair and makeup is different in a way which indicates woman trying very hard to be someone she isn’t. Tom’s phone rings. It’s Rachel. Anna’s face drops. BACK IN ANNA’S BEDROOM: ON ANNA: Something dark crosses her eyes.
49) 14) dialog: What are you doing here? How did you get in? Reveal Scott sitting on her couch with a beer.
49) 16) dialog: I’m not drinking right now. Scott rises and crosses to Rachel.
49) 23) dialog: Look, I don’t know what this is about, but--
49) 25) dialog: Admit what?
49) 28) dialog: I am sorry. I was honestly just trying to help. Scott’s had enough. He throws his beer bottle at the wall SHATTERS. Rachel jumps.
49) 33) dialog: ...I needed to tell you about Megan's affair, and you wouldn’t have believed me if I was just Tom's ex!
49) 37) dialog: I wanted to know about Abdic and I went to him to help you-- Scott grabs Rachel by her head and covers her mouth. She YELPS. He violently pushes her into the hallway.
49) 39) dialog: (through his hand) Please don’t! Scott squeezes harder, then lets go and storms out, leavi Rachel terrified.
50) 0) text: Rachel, out of breath, runs into the police station. She approaches the front desk.
50) 1) dialog: I need to file a statement...
50) 3) dialog: Rachel Watson. (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: Riley opens the door of a police station bathroom and sig Rachel inside. Riley crosses to the sink and looks into the mirror above for a long beat. Uneasy, Rachel walks towards Riley.
51) 2) dialog: Scott Hipwell just assaulted me.
51) 4) dialog: No. We were just friends.
51) 6) dialog: No. You need... You need the context. Riley turns from the mirror and approaches.
51) 8) dialog: I met him after... (CONTINUED)
51) 12) dialog: I came here trying to help you. He just assaulted me in my own house!
51) 14) dialog: It was Scott. Scott Hipwell killed his wife.
51) 18) dialog: I don’t know... s in close to Rachel’s face. She’s calm.
52) 0) text: Rachel is on the train, watching Megan and Dr. Abdic on t balcony, and we realize: — WE ARE WITNESSING THE MOMENT THAT RACHEL SAW FROM THE TRAIN, BUT NOW FROM A NEW ANGLE. The train starts to pull away from the station. Rachel ge out of her seat, rushes down the aisle to try to keep the view.
54) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Rachel sits at the bar. The Bartender places a Martini down in front of her. She closes her eyes, brings the glass to her lips and sucks d half the glass, the liquor burning her and filling her wi life. Rachel looks around at the uppity Ardsley crowd. Down at end of the bar, she notices The Man In The Suit. Fear and trepidation washes over her. Their eyes meet. He smirks. Rachel finishes her drink. She musters up all the courage inside her and walks over to him. The Man In The Suit turns towards her.
54) 1) dialog: Why are you following me? Why are you here? The Man studies her for a second and laughs.
54) 3) dialog: I saw you. I saw you that night in the tunnel. I saw you there. I know I saw you there!
54) 5) dialog: But what did you see? What happened that night? What did you see?
54) 10) dialog: (growing more anxious) Was I with anyone? Was I alone? What happened?!
54) 13) dialog: I need you to tell me the fucking truth. What did you see that night? What happened that night? Rachel can see he has no idea what she is talking about a her face goes pale. He stands.
54) 15) dialog: God...
54) 17) dialog: (on video) Come here for one second. Just one second. Say “Fuck you, Anna Boyd.”
54) 18) dialog: (on phone) Fuck you, Anna Boyd! (CONTINUED)
54) 21) dialog: (from phone) ...I wonder if she knows that I fucked Tom... When I saw that woman kissing someone else, betraying her husband. I felt it. FLASH INSERT: Megan on her back porch, stretching in her robe.
54) 22) dialog: (from phone) Pure. Rage. FLASH INSERT: A blonde woman lies prone on a kitchen floo Rachel is in the room with her.
54) 23) dialog: (from phone) ...-If I could, I’d go to her house...find her sitting in the kitchen... FLASH INSERT: The blonde woman sitting at the kitchen cou screams as Rachel grabs her hair and hurls her to the flo It’s Megan.
54) 24) dialog: (from phone) ...then I’d pull her down... FLASH INSERT: Rachel SMASHES Megan’s skull into the blue tiles, blood splashing everywhere.
54) 25) dialog: (from phone) ...and I’d smash her head all over the floor!! NOW, Rachel hangs her head in tears, overcome by the memo She pulls out a duffle bag and begins filling it with essential items. NOW, Rachel writes a note and puts it on her stripped bed with her gathered belongings.
54) 26) dialog: (reading note) “Cathy-- Thank you for all you have done for me. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
54) 29) dialog: I’m sorry to leave this way. I‘’1l send for my things later. Love, Rachel.”
55) 0) text: Rachel walks down the empty street towards the train stat
56) 0) text: Rachel boards the train and notices a group of partying w board. One of them is MARTHA, the woman she assaulted at barbecue with Tom.
56) 3) dialog: Martha? Martha. Martha and the other women immediately turn to Rachel.
56) 6) dialog: I wanted to call you, but Tom said I should just leave it alone.
56) 8) dialog: I’m so sorry... (CONTINUED)
56) 12) dialog: For the barbecue. I just need you to know that I don't remember anything and I just completely blacked out...
56) 14) dialog: I know, but with the eggs... And then I screamed at you... That I was that abusive. I just feel... I just feel so ashamed about it.
56) 17) dialog: Tom... Tom said that I smashed your plate. I don’t... Tom was fired because of how I behaved. Martha looks shocked.
56) 25) dialog: I’m so sorry...
57) 0) text: NOW: This lands hard on Rachel.
58) 0) text: RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel and Tom approach Grand Central Station after Monica’s party.
58) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Tom, I-- He angrily pushes her off.
58) 3) dialog: I’m sorry.
59) 0) text: Rachel tries to process this.
59) 1) dialog: No... No...
62) 0) text: A speeding express train whizzes past us. Once gone, we s Rachel standing on the platform. She takes a breath of courage and walks from the station towards the underpass.
63) 0) text: Rachel walks briskly up the hill toward the underpass. FLASHBACK: A blonde woman in a red jacket whirls towards Rachel. FLASHBACK: Rachel shouting:
63) 1) dialog: You whore!! Rachel begins to cry as she picks up her pace. FLASHBACK: Close on the woman’s mouth-- Anna’s mouth.
67) 0) text: Rachel is hyperventilating as she arrives at the underpas FLASHBACK: The woman in the red jacket walks through the underpass, headed for a car parked at the far end. Rachel follows her, remembering. FLASHBACK: Teens blow smoke into Rachel’s face. FLASHBACK: The Man in the Suit leans down over her. FLASHBACK: We hear heels clacking through the underpass. woman in red keeps walking.
67) 1) dialog: Whore! The woman in red turns back towards Rachel. NOW, Rachel stops as the memory snaps into focus.
68) 8) dialog: Don’t touch me... Don’t touch me... Just fuck off... FUCK OFF!! He leaves, heading off through the underpass. BACK TO PRESENT: Rachel sits against the wall of the underpass, processing what she has remembered. 82.
70) 0) text: Birds chirp. Rachel stands in front of Tom and Anna’s hou She steps onto the lawn and walks towards the house. Rachel walks around the side of the house.
71) 0) text: Rachel steels herself as she enters the yard.
71) 2) dialog: Anna.
71) 4) dialog: Anna, please. Please. I’m just going to stand right here. I’m not gonna come closer. I just need to talk to you.
71) 6) dialog: Where’s Tom? Anna stares back at Rachel, carefully watching the distan between them. She doesn’t answer.
71) 7) dialog: He’s lying to you. He always does. He’s a good liar. (CONTINUED)
71) 11) dialog: He’s just done it to you--
71) 13) dialog: Anna... He killed Megan.
71) 15) dialog: He’s dangerous.
71) 17) dialog: Anna, you need to leave. You need to leave. You need to take Evie and you need to leave. Get out of here. Anna shakes her head, trying to resist the solidarity gro between them.
71) 19) dialog: It’s not safe.
71) 21) dialog: It’s not about the affair. And you know that, deep down. Anna, please just come with me.
71) 25) dialog: Please come with me. The back door opens. Rachel and Anna turn to see Tom stan there.
71) 27) dialog: Anna, don’t. Don’t! Please... Anna passes Tom and disappears inside. Tom shakes his head at Rachel and turns to go inside. Rachel rushes toward Tom.
71) 28) dialog: I saw you, Tom. You motherfucker, I saw you! You murderer! Tom slams the door in Rachel's face. She shouts at him through the glass.
71) 29) dialog: You fucking murderer! You killed her! You fucking killed her, I know it! Tom opens the door and pulls Rachel inside.
72) 0) text: Tom pushes Rachel into the kitchen.
72) 2) dialog: (to Anna) Now listen. Listen to me. Megan got into his car that night. (to Tom) You think I don’t remember. You thought I blacked out. I saw you.
72) 7) dialog: Yes, she did.
73) 0) text: Rachel places the phone to her ear.
74) 0) text: Tom forces Rachel back into the kitchen and pushes her do to a stool at the kitchen island. Anna tries to leave wit Evie.
74) 3) dialog: No. Tom notices Rachel's hands are shaking slightly. He cover them with his own hand.
74) 5) dialog: All those things that you said I did. Those terrible things. I didn't do any of them. Anna says nothing. He walks over to Rachel with glass.
74) 6) dialog: You just watched me suffer. You made me feel so worthless. You made me think that everything was my fault. Anna says nothing. Tom slides the vodka in front of Rachel. (CONTINUED)
74) 10) dialog: You told me I got you fired. But, I didn’t. She looks beyond Tom to Anna who is listening behind him Evie.
74) 11) dialog: You know, I saw Martha on the train?
74) 14) dialog: I_saw Martha on the train. And she told me that you were fired because you were fucking everyone in the office! Tom smashes the glass on Rachel’s head. She falls hard to floor. Her eyes close. Evie begins crying. FADE TO BLACK.
75) 0) text: Rachel’s memory slowly fades back in. The moment when Meg is walking away from her. This time we stay with Megan as she reaches Tom’s car.
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Rachel’s face resting on the kitchen floor. Slo she opens her eyes and sees Tom on the couch. He gazes at her. After a long pause--
77) 2) dialog: You're not doing this again.
77) 4) dialog: This is what you do. You’re not doing this to me.
77) 6) dialog: But I didn’t. (beat) You did. Rachel BOLTS out of the kitchen, grabbing the corkscrew o the refrigerator. (CONTINUED)
78) 0) text: Rachel runs through the backyard, towards the back fence the train tracks. Tom chases after, catches up to her, and grabs her by the arm. He yanks her backwards, HARD. Rachel reels on him, swinging her other arm around toward him with a clenched fist... JAMMING THE CORKSCREW INTO TOM’S NECK.
78) 1) text: .-.-Tom stares straight at Rachel. Blood spurts from his wound! Still standing Tom leans into Rachel. Each is forced to p their arms around each other in an awkward embrace. Blood continues to flow from his neck. Together they lower to their knees on the lawn. Anna watches in shock from the upstairs window. Rachel lets go of Tom. He falls to the ground. Rachel rises and turns to the train as it barrels past on tracks. (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: Riley and two Police Officers lead Rachel and Anna into t station. As they are led into different rooms, Rachel and Anna sha one final glance. They are now tied together, forever bound, by the stories they tell.
80) 0) text: Riley and Gaskill videotape Rachel’s statement.
80) 1) dialog: I had no choice. He was... He would have killed me. I never wanted to hurt him. It was self-defense. Pushing in on Riley, we turn to see Anna is now at the ta giving her statement.
81) 0) text: Rachel, looking more put together than we’ve seen, makes way towards a low headstone: “MEGAN HIPWELL 1990-2016” She silently pays her respects.
81) 1) dialog: We are tied forever now, the three of us.
82) 0) text: Rachel sits, sketching before the Dancing Maids Fountain. fountain isn’t flowing.
82) 1) dialog: Bound forever by the story we share. CLOSE SHOTS ON: The Three Maid’s faces and dancing bodies preserved as a relic of the past.
84) 0) text: Rachel sits looking out the window of the train. She sees houses on Beckett Road drift by as the train passes, then turns to look out the other window.
84) 1) dialog: Today, I sit in a different car. And I look ahead. Anything is possible. Because I am not the girl I used to be.