1) 0) text: Rachel's profile has flipped: she now rides in the opposi direction, on the EVENING TRAIN. She watches the familiar houses glide past. RACHEL’S POV: This evening, Megan sits with her equally beautiful husband, SCOTT next to a backyard fire pit. Each holds a glass of wine. The roaring fire glows on the faces as they watch the passing train. SCOTT spins Megan around and begins to kiss her.
2) 0) text: Headed back to New York, Rachel POV: Rachel stares at the burnt out fire pit behind 15 Beckett Road. Megan is on the balcony in her robe while Scott rakes lea CLOSE ON: Scott as he looks up from raking and seems to l directly at Rachel.
13) 0) text: The cars of the train slowly pass-- the glow of the windo lighting up the commuters in their seats. And here is Rac looking out. INT. ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera hovers outside the window, looking in at Anna eats a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and Evi Tom pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Megan stands at the plate glass window that lines her sho stall. She looks out at the moonlight that casts itself across the Hudson River. Water beats down on her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Exiting the train station, Rachel walks towards her home, wide eyes sighing as they take in the bleak Croton landsc INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT OVERHEAD WIDE SHOT: Anna and Tom are in bed. Tom is sound asleep, but Anna is wide-awake. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera floats behind Megan as a naked Scott steps int the stall and kisses her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Rachel enters a liquor store. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Scott has Megan pressed against the glass shower door as has sex with her from behind. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Rachel sits in bed. She finds TOM’S FACEBOOK PAGE on her laptop. She stares at the photo Tom took earlier that nig of he and Anna laying next to Evie. The caption reads: I'VE NEVER KNOWN LOVE LIKE THIS! ME AN
37) 0) text: Rachel walks along the road. As she passes Anna’s house, sees: Anna in her window, watching her pass. ANNA’S POV: Rachel quickens her pace as she closes in on Number 15 Beckett Road. PRE-LAP: A door opens. EXT./INT. MEGAN AND SCOTT’S HOUSE - SAME MOMENT The door swings open, revealing Scott. He is the type of who, despite his distress, seems even sexier when disheve
37) 1) dialog: You're Megan’s friend?
37) 3) dialog: Come in. Scott briskly enters the house. Rachel’s eyes drink in ev detail of the home.
37) 4) dialog: Do you want a coffee? (CONTINUED)
37) 8) dialog: Sorry it’s a mess. I’ve been hunting for her social, birth certificate. The cops need a lot. Rachel takes a seat at the kitchen table. Scott stands by counter.
37) 9) dialog: Have we met somewhere before?
37) 11) dialog: And you know Megan from?
37) 13) dialog: Are you an artist?
37) 15) dialog: (no time to spare) So you said on the phone...you wanted to tell me something about Megan. Rachel hesitates.
37) 16) dialog: What did you want to tell me?
37) 23) dialog: What did he look like?
37) 25) dialog: And they were out there on the porch?
37) 27) dialog: Fuck. Fuck. Scott opens the fridge and grabs a beer. He extends one t Rachel. She hesitates a moment: she really wants it.
37) 31) dialog: It could, I don’t know. Maybe it’s a good thing? It could mean she’s all right. (laughing, despite himself) She just ran off with someone.
37) 33) dialog: (directly to Rachel) She talked to you?
37) 35) dialog: You know her well enough to know where we live. Megan doesn’t have many friends.
37) 37) dialog: Do you think you'd recognize him again? If you saw him?
37) 39) dialog: There was a guy, a therapist. His name’s Abdic? Abdic. Um, Kamal Abdic. Scott angles the iPad towards Rachel. INSERT iPAD SCREEN: A picture of Dr. Kamal Abdic. (CONTINUED)
37) 42) dialog: Is that who you saw? Rachel stares at the image, trying to remember.
37) 44) dialog: She spends a lot of fucking time with her shrink. Rachel scrolls through different images of Dr. Abdic on t internet. She pauses on a portrait-like photo of him. FLASHBACK: Megan and the Dark-Haired Man kiss. Up close. the same man.
39) 0) text: Deep in the forest, Megan has sex with a Man against a tr The trunk of the tree covers the Man’s face as he climaxe INT. SCOTT AND MEGAN’S KITCHEN - LATER SAME DAY Megan, in the same clothes, enters the house and finds Sc waiting at the kitchen table-- a stand-off and a portrait a troubled marriage. After a moment, she walks away. Scott springs up angrily follows, knocking over his chair.
41) 12) dialog: Abdic’s been released.
41) 16) dialog: There wasn’t enough evidence. And because I’m the one that got him arrested, he talked. A lot.
41) 19) dialog: Are you totally sure he’s the guy you saw Megan with?
41) 21) dialog: You sure as fuck better be.
41) 23) dialog: The police think I did it.
41) 25) dialog: He told them Megan’s miserable...that I’m a jealous, controlling husband.
41) 27) dialog: Abdic told them I’m abusive. A new realization sets in. Scott leans against the wall. voice begins to crack.
41) 28) dialog: When she walked out, I didn't go after her. I never called to check on her. I went to a sports bar, for fuck’s sake, and got drunk.
41) 32) dialog: I’ve spent the whole day going through her stuff. There’s no e- mails, there’s nothing, no letters, no emails. Nothing. For a second, I thought about contacting Abdic myself... The phone rings.
41) 33) dialog: Fucking phone won’t stop! Rachel is startled by his rage. Scott answers it.
41) 34) dialog: This is Scott... Yeah. Hold on. Hold on. (to Rachel) Do you mind? EXT. SCOTT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Rachel walks from Scott’s house and sees Tom and Anna in their driveway getting out of the car. Rachel watches as goes to the backseat to retrieve Evie... She gets the bab out and SLAMS the car door. FLASHBACK: Rachel’s head SLAMS up against the wall of the underpass. BACK OUTSIDE TOM & ANNA’S HOUSE: Back in real time, Anna heads to the house.
43) 26) dialog: Reporters are in my yard. Everywhere. I didn’t know where else to go.
43) 28) dialog: The detective just... The detective just told me something I’ve wanted to hear for a long time. It’s hard for Scott to continue.
43) 29) dialog: She’s pregnant. She told her shrink but not me. Rachel takes a pained breath.
43) 30) dialog: I wanted a family, but she fought me every step of the way. We always fought about it. An awkward moment.
43) 31) dialog: ...-Did Megan ever say anything about me to you? (CONTINUED)
49) 15) dialog: Come here. Have a beer with me.
49) 17) dialog: Detective Riley came to see me last night. It turns out I’m not the father... Neither is the shrink. Scott gives Rachel a horrible smile. He is totally drunk.
49) 18) dialog: Did my wife confide in you about a third man? Rachel has no answer.
49) 19) dialog: Sit down. She hesitates.
49) 20) dialog: Sit down! (CONTINUED )
49) 24) dialog: Come on! You and Megan were such good friends. You must have known. (softly) Admit it. Rachel’s stomach sinks. She’s been found out. He knows.
49) 26) dialog: Admit that you never even fucking met my wife! Tears start to run down Rachel’s face.
49) 27) dialog: The Detective said you didn’t even know Megan. She used other words too: Alcoholic. Maybe even mentally unstable?
49) 29) dialog: You're Tom’s crazy ex! When the fuck were you going to tell me that? And now the detective is asking if you and I are ina relationship?! You?! I would never even get near someone like you! My wife is dead, and you’re lying to me!? What’s wrong with you?? Who does this?? Rachel backs into the kitchen. Scott follows.
49) 34) dialog: Oh, well thank you. For getting Abdic to point the finger at me! For getting the cops to say that you and I are fucking! Then a creepy change of tack:
49) 35) dialog: How are they going, huh? You know? The sessions? He nods at the refrigerator. At an appointment card from Abdic’s office, stuck to the door with a magnet.
49) 36) dialog: With the doctor?
49) 38) dialog: You're just a sad liar with no life. You're all liars.