3) 0) text: Rachel sits in a row of chairs getting her shoes shined. She’s the only woman among eight male customers. Rachel sketches in her sketch book and sips from a squirt bottle.
12) 0) text: Anna stirs from a nap on the couch to the sound of Evie crying...coming from outside. She races to the open front door in a panic. EXT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Anna emerges from the house, frightened, and rushes forwa
12) 3) dialog: Hello? Tom enters. We recognize him as the Man from Rachel’s mem on the train. He hands Anna some flowers and groceries and kisses her sweetly on the lips.
12) 6) dialog: (frustrated) I don’t know.
12) 8) dialog: Wow. (CONTINUED)
12) 12) dialog: I know.
12) 14) dialog: I will. I know I know I know.
12) 16) dialog: It’s going to be fine. Isn’t it always fine? Don’t I always make everything fine?... Anna won't smile. He playfully pokes at her lips until sh laughs. They kiss.
12) 17) dialog: Who gives a shit? It’s your birthday. You sure you don’t want me to take you out tonight?
12) 19) dialog: Call Megan. Ask her to come back.
12) 21) dialog: She what?
12) 23) dialog: ...Shame. I thought you guys were kind of a good team together...
13) 0) text: The cars of the train slowly pass-- the glow of the windo lighting up the commuters in their seats. And here is Rac looking out. INT. ANNA’S FAMILY ROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera hovers outside the window, looking in at Anna eats a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and Evi Tom pulls out his phone and snaps a picture. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Megan stands at the plate glass window that lines her sho stall. She looks out at the moonlight that casts itself across the Hudson River. Water beats down on her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Exiting the train station, Rachel walks towards her home, wide eyes sighing as they take in the bleak Croton landsc INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT OVERHEAD WIDE SHOT: Anna and Tom are in bed. Tom is sound asleep, but Anna is wide-awake. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT The camera floats behind Megan as a naked Scott steps int the stall and kisses her. EXT. RACHEL’S STREET - SAME NIGHT Rachel enters a liquor store. INT. MEGAN’S BATHROOM - SAME NIGHT Scott has Megan pressed against the glass shower door as has sex with her from behind. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Rachel sits in bed. She finds TOM’S FACEBOOK PAGE on her laptop. She stares at the photo Tom took earlier that nig of he and Anna laying next to Evie. The caption reads: I'VE NEVER KNOWN LOVE LIKE THIS! ME AN
13) 2) text: INT. ANNA’S BEDROOM - SAME NIGHT Tom's phone buzzes. Anna sits up in bed and can see the caller ID reads: “RACHEL”. She angrily shoves the phone o the dresser and slumps back into bed. INT. RACHEL’S APARTMENT - SAME NIGHT CLOSE ON: A cellphone sits on the counter, dialing on speaker. Rachel pours a glass of white wine. VERY DRUNK. Tom’s voicemail picks up:
13) 3) dialog: (outgoing message) Hey, it’s Tom. Sorry I missed you. I'll get right back to ya!
13) 23) dialog: It's okay, sweetie. We’re gonna try again.
13) 25) dialog: Well, when we can, we will. She rests her head on his shoulder. He kisses it. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Rachel stirs in her bad and a new memory intrudes. EXT. SCOTT AND MEGAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT Rachel remembers Scott and Megan snuggling outside by the fire pit, kissing. INT. RACHEL’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Rachel finally sleeps.
20) 0) text: Rachel sits before a beautiful bronze sculpture of three dancing maidens holding hands and joyfully dancing in a circle. Nearby, a BOY drums on a plastic bucket. Rachel sips from her squirt bottle. She flashes to Megan and Abdic kissing... then to her res her head on Tom’s shoulder at the clinic. And then to the email. We get a cleaner view. It’s a chai between Tom and Anna. INT. TOM AND ANNA’S HOUSE - DAY RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel sits in front of an open laptop staring at the email as Tom’s voice reads it.
20) 1) dialog: Anna, I fell asleep last night thinking of you. I dreamed about kissing the inside of your thighs. Holding your breasts. God, I wish I was fucking you right now. (CONTINUED)
21) 1) dialog: Anna, I love you. I love you so much.
26) 5) dialog: (on speaker phone) Jesus Christ, Rachel! What the hell is wrong with you? I’ve spent the past hour driving around looking for you! You scared the shit out of Anna, do you know that? CLOSE ON: Rachel’s fingers run across her scalp. She trie separate some of the bloody strands.
26) 6) dialog: (on speaker phone) She thought you were going to...she wanted to call the police. So just leave us alone! Rachel sits up in bed. She looks to the floor and sees he open purse with its contents strewn on the shag rug. Blood droplets stain the rug next to her jeans and pantie
26) 7) dialog: (on speaker phone) You can ruin your own life if you want to, but you’re not gonna destroy ours. I’m not gonna protect you any more. (CONTINUED)
31) 15) dialog: Rachel! Come on. He grabs Rachel and hustles her away from the party.
32) 0) text: RACHEL’S MEMORY: Tom escorts Rachel by the arm towards Gr Central. Rachel can barely walk. She shrugs him off and points accusingly.
32) 2) dialog: That’s my boss’s wife. You probably got me fired back there.
32) 7) dialog: Rachel, please stop. Hey, come on. (smiling) I need you to focus here. She slaps him.
32) 10) dialog: Relax! He ducks. The club smashes into a mirror. Glass rains dow
41) 36) dialog: Rachel? No. (to Anna) Anna, Get in the house. Rachel fixates on Anna. As Anna turns-- FLASHBACK: In the underpass, Anna, wearing a red jacket, turns towards Rachel aggressively and strikes her.
42) 0) text: As Tom reaches Rachel, she points towards Anna. (CONTINUED)
42) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
42) 7) dialog: No. She said you yelled at her that night.
42) 9) dialog: I won’t argue in the street. The middle of the day...and you're drunk. Tom starts to walk away.
42) 11) dialog: (turning back to Rachel) My wife is scared of you. Hearing the word “Wife” is like being punched in the gut.
42) 13) dialog: I don’t even know if that’s a joke or not. Let’s start with child abduction.
42) 17) dialog: You and I both know what you’re capable of. Pause. They look at one another.
42) 18) dialog: You were just at Scott Hipwell’s house? Rachel searches for a lie she doesn’t have.
42) 19) dialog: Why are you at Scott Hipwell’s house?!
42) 21) dialog: How?
42) 23) dialog: You don't even know Megan! Beat. He softens.
42) 24) dialog: Rach. I don’t think you're helping anybody. INT. DR. KAMAL ABDIC’S OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY Dr. Abdic talks to a patient. There’s a newfound sadness him. After a night of questioning, he’s frustrated and doesn’t at all seem like the same man who sat across from Megan. Finally he speaks.
43) 21) dialog: Hey.
48) 0) text: Tom is behind Anna trying to have sex. Upset and distract she lies perfectly still. Frustrated his pants.
48) 1) dialog: What’s wrong?
49) 0) text: ANNA’S MEMORY: She’s straightening her dress after a trys with Tom. Her hair and makeup is different in a way which indicates woman trying very hard to be someone she isn’t. Tom’s phone rings. It’s Rachel. Anna’s face drops. BACK IN ANNA’S BEDROOM: ON ANNA: Something dark crosses her eyes.
49) 2) dialog: Seriously? Can we not fixate on her?!
49) 4) dialog: Where?
49) 6) dialog: Aggressive how?
49) 8) dialog: Rachel did not kill Megan. (CONTINUED)
49) 12) dialog: sweetheart, Rachel is a sad Anna, She’s completely harmless. person. Tom walks out of the bedroom. Off Anna’s face we...
56) 0) text: Rachel boards the train and notices a group of partying w board. One of them is MARTHA, the woman she assaulted at barbecue with Tom.
56) 23) dialog: No, no. That’s fine. Thanks.
56) 26) dialog: (cold) Get up.
58) 0) text: RACHEL’S MEMORY: Rachel and Tom approach Grand Central Station after Monica’s party.
58) 2) dialog: Stop fucking saying that! I know you're sorry.
58) 4) dialog: What’s your fucking problem? You can’t even focus on me. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
58) 7) dialog: You can’t even fucking stand up? What is wrong with you? Can you stand? Tom pushes Rachel. She stumbles and falls.
58) 8) dialog: Fucking disgusting. He walks off, abandoning her.
59) 4) dialog: (pre-lap) Wake the fuck up, Rachel! Wake the fuck up! RACHEL’S MEMORY: In the hallway at home with the mirror. we see the correct memory: it’s not Rachel trying to hit with the golf club, it’s TOM trying to hit RACHEL!
59) 5) dialog: Wake up! Rachel ducks. The golf club smashes into the mirror, rain glass onto a terrified Rachel. Tom gets in her face, menacing.
59) 6) dialog: You can sleep out here. 77.
60) 0) text: Anna sits on her bed with Tom’s laptop, trying more passwords. After a few more unsuccessful attempts, she places the la back into Tom’s bag. It bumps against something. An OLD CELLPHONE. The phone gives her pause. She inspects it a second, then holds down its POWER butto It doesn’t turn on. She thinks of something.
61) 0) text: Anna opens a drawer. Inside is a tangled web of cords and chargers. She finds one that’s a perfect fit for the phon She plugs the charger into the wall, and a second later, phone powers ON. Anna scrolls through its text history. We hear Tom readin them:
61) 1) dialog: (texts) “I need to see you. Meet me at 3.” “I'm here, where are you?” “TI can’t. Stuck watching Evie.” Starting to shake, Anna scrolls down through more message Anna hears the JANGLING of keys from outside. She quickly stands, stashing the phone and charger in a cookie tin. She shuts the cable drawer and pretends to be straightening up Evie’s dolls. Tom steps inside, slightly drunk.
61) 2) dialog: What are you doing up? (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: Anna stares at Tom, watching his sleepy chest rise and fa When she is satisfied that he is completely asleep, Anna quietly slips out of bed. 79.
66) 5) dialog: You okay? There’s a moment of silence between them. Anna’s unsure h to respond. (CONTINUED)
66) 9) dialog: You should wake me up if you heard something.
66) 11) dialog: Come back to bed. Anna doesn’t move for a moment. She’s unsure of what this means-- what she’s walking into. She walks across the distance to Tom. Past him. Leaving h puzzled.
68) 5) dialog: (to Rachel) What the hell are you doing? He grabs her roughly by the arm and leads her out of the underpass. Rachel lashes out with one arm, but misses. Tom shoves Rachel to the side of the underpass down into drainage ditch. He throws her against the wall and she slumps to the grou He stands over her with his keys dangling from a leather He hits her with his keys and then runs back through the underpass. Rachel crawls out of the drainage ditch and back into the underpass. She watches as Megan gets in the car. Tom spee the car away. Two smirking teens walk up to Megan, amused by her drunkenness. One squats down to blow smoke in her face. The Man in the Suit walks towards them.
70) 0) text: Birds chirp. Rachel stands in front of Tom and Anna’s hou She steps onto the lawn and walks towards the house. Rachel walks around the side of the house.
71) 26) dialog: Come in the house, honey. Anna runs with Evie towards Tom.
72) 0) text: Tom pushes Rachel into the kitchen.
72) 1) dialog: You're un-fucking-believable. Anna stands shocked in the corner holding Evie tightly.
72) 6) dialog: No!
72) 12) dialog: ...-You were so tired all the time. He approaches Evie who is sitting in a jumpy chair. He pi her up and she starts crying loudly.
72) 13) dialog: It’s all about Evie... (to Evie) That’s right. It was all about you, wasn’t it? He glares at Anna, pulling Evie closer to his chest. Anna panics.
72) 15) dialog: It’s all right. (to Evie) It was all about you, wasn’t it? (CONTINUED)
72) 19) dialog: She’s fine. Anna cautiously approaches, reaching out for Evie. Tom tu from her.
72) 21) dialog: It’s gonna be fine.
72) 24) dialog: Change her here.
74) 0) text: Tom forces Rachel back into the kitchen and pushes her do to a stool at the kitchen island. Anna tries to leave wit Evie.
74) 1) dialog: (to Anna) No no, stay. Stay. They stand in silence. Tom turns to Rachel.
74) 2) dialog: Do you need a drink?
74) 4) dialog: Yeah you do. Tom goes to the fridge and pulls out a fifth of vodka. He fills a glass.
74) 9) dialog: Drink it.
74) 12) dialog: 
75) 0) text: Rachel’s memory slowly fades back in. The moment when Meg is walking away from her. This time we stay with Megan as she reaches Tom’s car.
75) 2) dialog: Wait here. He heads down the underpass and disappears. Megan stands next to Tom’s car. Waiting. Finally, he emer from the trees next to the underpass.
75) 3) dialog: You want to get in the car?
75) 7) dialog: Don’t worry about it. Come on. They drive away. At the other end of the underpass, Rachel drags herself o of the ditch and watches them leave. INT. TOM’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER Tom glances over at Megan.
75) 8) dialog: Okay, I’m here. What is it?
76) 0) text: Tom and Megan walk through the trees in the rain. Megan l him. TOM’S POV: Megan runs ahead and turns around, smiling lik siren.
76) 1) dialog: (playful) What is it with you crazy women? NOW, Megan leans against the tree that she and Tom had se against. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Megan has sex against the tree. But now t Man’s face is no longer obscured. We see it is Tom. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Megan and Tom have sex in the hotel room. MEGAN’S MEMORY: Tom has sex with Megan in the nursery, Ev watching from her crib. A music box lullaby plays.
76) 3) dialog: Is this what you want? (CONTINUED)
76) 7) dialog: Like this? Megan gently pushes him back and turns to him. A moment. Megan struggles with how to articulate something.
76) 8) dialog: What?
76) 10) dialog: Congratulations.
76) 12) dialog: You thought I should know?
76) 14) dialog: Then get an abortion. Or if it’s Scott’s, do whatever you want. But if it’s not then... Get rid of it. Tom walks away from Megan at the tree. Megan crosses from the tree.
76) 16) dialog: (softening) You're a shitty nanny. What makes you think you’re gonna be a good mother? (CONTINUED)
76) 20) dialog: Because I thought it would be fun to have you both around. Tom grabs Megan’s hand and tries to pull her back to the Megan yanks away.
76) 22) dialog: I don’t need another kid. Certainly not with you. He turns and starts to walk away.
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Rachel’s face resting on the kitchen floor. Slo she opens her eyes and sees Tom on the couch. He gazes at her. After a long pause--
77) 1) dialog: You're like a dog. Like one of those unwanted, mistreated dogs. You can kick them, but they keep coming back to you. Thinking that somehow if they’re good--
77) 3) dialog: --you’ll love them. Weak, Rachel manages to sit, her back against the kitchen counter.
77) 5) dialog: You brought this on yourself, Rachel. If you had just stayed away that one night... Just left us all alone. You brought this on Megan... In a way, you killed her. A long silence between them.
77) 9) dialog: You did this to me in our marriage. You made me fucking crazy. Still choking her, Tom drives her to her knees. Rachel lo up the stairs to see... Anna-- staring blankly as Tom continues to choke Rachel. Rachel pleads for help with her eyes but Anna just stares back with little emotion.
77) 10) dialog: Do you have any idea what it’s like to be married to a fucking blur? Tom forces her head to the floor. Quickly losing consciousness, Rachel flails her arms, searching for the corkscrew. Her hand finds an umbrella stand. She grabs th leg of the stand and swings the entire unit toward Tom, striking his head. Dazed, Tom lets go. Grabbing the corkscrew, Rachel runs b down the hall and out the back door.
78) 0) text: Rachel runs through the backyard, towards the back fence the train tracks. Tom chases after, catches up to her, and grabs her by the arm. He yanks her backwards, HARD. Rachel reels on him, swinging her other arm around toward him with a clenched fist... JAMMING THE CORKSCREW INTO TOM’S NECK.
78) 1) text: .-.-Tom stares straight at Rachel. Blood spurts from his wound! Still standing Tom leans into Rachel. Each is forced to p their arms around each other in an awkward embrace. Blood continues to flow from his neck. Together they lower to their knees on the lawn. Anna watches in shock from the upstairs window. Rachel lets go of Tom. He falls to the ground. Rachel rises and turns to the train as it barrels past on tracks. (CONTINUED)