0) 0) text: We hear a train’s mournful clatter as trees flash by and the train itself passes in a silvery streak. A woman draws an “x” on her foggy window-- looking out through it directly at us: This is RACHEL and she is THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.
3) 0) text: Rachel sits in a row of chairs getting her shoes shined. She’s the only woman among eight male customers. Rachel sketches in her sketch book and sips from a squirt bottle.
5) 7) dialog: Are you alone? Rachel looks up to see a Woman holding a one-year-old lit boy. And now the moment of truth for Rachel:
5) 11) dialog: Thank you.
5) 13) dialog: Yeah. (CONTINUED)
5) 16) dialog: Six months.
6) 0) text: A Living Portrait: MEGAN, the woman Rachel watches from t train-- up close and drop-dead gorgeous. OVERHEAD SHOT: Megan lies face up on a Pilates machine. She grips the hand straps, and with precision and grace, begins a series of exercises, stretching her body like a ballerina’s.
22) 0) text: Rachel sits at the lunch counter drinking a martini. She speaks to another patron. A WOMAN, 70, who is drinking al as well.
22) 2) dialog: That sucks.
23) 0) text: CLOSE-ON: Rachel runs lipstick over a mirror, creating a xX XXX xX. She turns from the mirror where the woman is standing and watching her. Rachel raises her phone in front of them. (CONTINUED)
28) 0) text: MEMORY: Rachel steals up behind a Blonde Woman sitting at kitchen island. Suddenly, Rachel grabs her hair and throw her to the floor. FLASH - A silhouette runs through the underpass.
36) 0) text: Rachel now stands in front of the same painting we saw Me standing in front of. It is a painting of a woman standin suspiciously on a train platform. (The Subway by George Tooker. )
47) 0) text: Rachel rides the train as buildings and landscapes whisk her. Her profile against the window. Her gaze on someone’ iPad. RACHEL’S POV: On the iPad is a news report with an image woman’s profile inside white plastic.
49) 0) text: ANNA’S MEMORY: She’s straightening her dress after a trys with Tom. Her hair and makeup is different in a way which indicates woman trying very hard to be someone she isn’t. Tom’s phone rings. It’s Rachel. Anna’s face drops. BACK IN ANNA’S BEDROOM: ON ANNA: Something dark crosses her eyes.
56) 0) text: Rachel boards the train and notices a group of partying w board. One of them is MARTHA, the woman she assaulted at barbecue with Tom.
63) 0) text: Rachel walks briskly up the hill toward the underpass. FLASHBACK: A blonde woman in a red jacket whirls towards Rachel. FLASHBACK: Rachel shouting:
67) 0) text: Rachel is hyperventilating as she arrives at the underpas FLASHBACK: The woman in the red jacket walks through the underpass, headed for a car parked at the far end. Rachel follows her, remembering. FLASHBACK: Teens blow smoke into Rachel’s face. FLASHBACK: The Man in the Suit leans down over her. FLASHBACK: We hear heels clacking through the underpass. woman in red keeps walking.