68) 2) dialog: You don't have an appointment, do you?
68) 5) dialog: What do you want?
68) 7) dialog: Already?  You just bit the big one nine months ago and you want help?
68) 9) dialog: (shrugging) Good luck.  You're going to use up all your help vouchers.
68) 11) dialog: D-90's.  You spend a hundred and twenty-five years on earth, actually, in that house, during which you get only three class-one D-90 intercessions with Juno.  You probably haven't even read through the manual completely yet.
68) 15) dialog: You'll have to wait if you don't have an appointment.
68) 18) dialog: For Juno, your caseworker.  Not that it matters to your type.  But there are all these other people here ahead of you.  I'd say 3 hours.
68) 20) dialog: (continuing) Number 54 million, six hundred one.  Ferndock.
71) 2) text: The Receptionist overhears.  She points at Barbara.
71) 3) dialog: This is what happens when YOU die. (points to another corpse) That is what happens when HE dies. That is what happens when THEY die.  It's highly personal.  And I'll tell you something... if I knew then what I know now... I wouldn't have had my little "accident!"
71) 6) text: Barbara and Adam look at them.  Corpses resume doing what they were doing.  A GRINDING NOISE O.S. -- The Receptionist looks up. Barbara and Adam also look O.S.
71) 7) text: A Message delivery wire GRINDS along loudly on a pulley.  The actual message is held in the hand of the MESSENGER, a flattened corpse, suspended as if on a shirt clothesline, tire marks on his face and clothing. A major roadkill.  Dust and gravel ground into him.  He smiles wanly at Barbara and Adam as the Receptionist takes a message on a piece of paper and reads it.
71) 8) dialog: Maitland, party of two!  Take your handbook and go to the sixth door.
73) 1) dialog: (shaking her head in disgust) Out that way, through the typing pool, down the corridor, sixth door on your left.  Sixth door. Two threes. (shaking her head) Airhead.
112) 1) dialog: God, you have got her steaming now.