1) 0) text: Aerial view of the Earth's only natural satellite, the camera roaming about a hundred feet off the surface. Desolation. Serious, uncompromising, desolation. This pla makes Antarctica look like Tokyo. And utter silence. Eventually the camera arrives at a moon base, DIVING DOWN towards it --
13) 0) text: The main corridor connecting the different rooms. We've seen everything there is to see now. The base is small. Confined. Claustrophobic. It is easy to imagine how someo could crack up here. Sam leaves the Comms Room and heads down the corridor.
22) 0) text: Sam is in an area   of the Harvester -- a kind of hatch - not dissimilar to   a garage and known as THE BELLY. Once safely inside Sam   closes the door. He is able to breath the Belly without   his helmet, which he duly removes. Sam steps up to a wall of computers. A light is flashing indicate one of the pods is filled with Helium3. Sam does his thing, eventually removing a keg-size pod of Helium3. He hauls it over to the Rover and sticks it in a special slot in the equivalent of the Rover's trunk. A new pod -- an empty -- replaces the pod Sam just remove Sam puts his helmet back on, returns to the Rover, revers out of the Harvester carefully.
24) 3) text: Otherwise, everything running smoothly. There was a discrepancy between a couple of the N3000 modulators a couple of days ago, but Gerty and I caught it in time, no big deal. Uh...how are things down there? Sam desperately wants to talk but has nothing very important to say. Then he remembers something.
25) 0) text: Sam is loading the Cargo Container into the base's MAGLEV LAUNCHER. He works with a sense of routine, far away, preoccupied. All of a sudden Sam STOPS. He has the feeling someone is standing behind him. He slowly turns. A GIRL is standing in the doorway watching him. She is perhaps fifteen or sixteen years old. A yellow dress. Lon wheat-colored hair. Freckles. At once beautiful and haunting. Sam gets the FRIGHT of his life. He FLIES against the wal WIDEN to reveal Sam and the Girl facing off. Sam POP-EYED and SHAKING. The Girl IMMOBILE, arms at her sides, head tilted ever so slightly to one side. The Cargo Container is sent hurtling through space. A TERRIFIC BLAST. It distracts Sam's attention, breaks his stare... And just like that, the Girl is gone. Sam is just staring at an empty doorway. Nothing there. Sam is baffled. Had to be his imagination. Had to be. Aft a few seconds he shakes his head dismissively and continu working.
26) 18) text: Tess never said anything about it. Three messages she's sent me since...and she's never once mentioned the vacation. GERTY
26) 20) text: That's not the point. This is someone who lives for vacations and travelling. I thought she'd jump at the chance for us to go away -- with Eve, of course -- we'd take Eve. GERTY
26) 22) text: (as if anticipating Gerty's comment) But this isn't the only time it's happened, Gerty. When I asked her how her dad was doing on his new heart medicine she didn't respond to that -- I asked her when Eve was going to start nursery -- nothing. Had her brother got the position at the University? Nothing. Nothing. Sam is really having a go at the stress ball now. GERTY
26) 32) text: They need to sort that out. Seriously. I've only got two weeks left. It's not fair on whoever's up here next. Gerty, you tell them to sort it out. It's not healthy. GERTY
30) 0) text: Sam sits at the comms unit watching a message from his superiors, OVERMEYERS and THOMPSON, a purposeful looking woman in charge and her earnest second. The two talk RAPIDLY and trade off like a tag team. At times their tone can be almost bizarrely whimsical. Overmeyers and Thompson seem to have known Sam for a whil but even so, there is a practised casualness to the repartee. It's a professional friendliness on Overmeyers part, no more and for Thompson it's merely an eagerness t be involved.
34) 3) text: Hey, someone's got something to say. A WOMAN, possibly a nanny or some form of hired help, swings a LITTLE GIRL into Tess's arms. This is EVE, Sam a Tess's daughter.
34) 5) dialog: Asstraut.
34) 9) dialog: Daddy asstraut! Tess laughs. So does Sam.
35) 0) text: The Earth at night, illuminated by a glittering spider's web of artificial lighting. From the Moon this is one of the most beautiful sights you'll ever see.
38) 0) text: Sam is working on his wooden model of the town. Across th room the Ed Sullivan Show is on TV. Ed's guest is a very young Goldie Hawn. Note: Whenever any TV is watched in the film, it is alway a show from 1970's America. (Mash, Six Million Dollar Man Laugh-In, etc.) No explanation is given for this. Sam is half-watching the TV, but his focus is chiefly on the SMALL HOUSE he is carving. And carving beautifully. After a few seconds he stands and snaps off the TV with a remote. He crosses to the kitchen section of the Rec Room to make some tea. The water has just boiled. As Sam is about to pour the boiling water, tea kettle in hand, he glances across the Rec Room and sees:
46) 10) text: I'd like to keep you under observation here in the Infirmary for a few days and run some tests. A pause. Sam taking it all in. Eventually:
78) 0) text: Sam 2 has taken over the room. The same belongings, of course, but there's a different energy. For one thing it' very untidy; looks like the bedroom of an unruly teenager Sam 1 stands in the doorway, taking it in. Wordlessly Sam 1 begins to tidy the room. He seems almost RELIEVED to be able to lose himself temporarily in this physical activity -- making the bed, folding clothes, etc
79) 12) text: (repeating the question slowly) How am I getting on? (then) The company ordered Gerty to lock all the exits. I haven't been able to do anything for seven days but sit on my ass. SAM 1
80) 9) text: Will you shake my hand? Sam 2 hesitates, eventually shakes Sam 1's hand. Meanwhil Sam 1 is staring at his clone, astonished.
82) 5) text: Uh-huh. You know Fairfield? (also pointing) That's the Baskin&amp;Robbins. And there's Tess and Eve. Do you know Tess? The mention of their wife has stopped the conversation in its tracks. Sam 2 immediately drops into deep melancholy. SAM 2
82) 7) text: You know about Eve, right? It is obvious from Sam 2's expression that he doesn't. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
82) 12) text: Nine pounds, eleven ounces.
85) 12) text: You're the one who's lost the plot! I've been here for three years. I know every inch of this base. I know how many dust fibres are between those wall panels over there -- why would they do                        that?!                                                
92) 12) text: He flies off the handle. I see it now...I see what Tess was talking about. (a beat) I've never told you this, Gerty, but she left me. Tess left me. For six months. She moved back in with her parents.
92) 18) text: Gerty, since I've been up here I've sent Tess over a hundred video messages. Where did those messages go? Did they ever reach her? A pause. GERTY
94) 0) text: The TV is off. Sam 2 is sitting, arms folded, entrenched GLOOM. Sam 1 enters and heads for the kitchen, prepares himself snack. Sam 2 is aware that Sam 1 is there, but keeps his eyes focussed forward, as immobile as a statue. Eventually Sam 1 tentatively comes over.
94) 58) text: Whoever built these things meant business. They weren't fucking around. Their voices ENERGIZED -- they are excited to have made this discovery -- they aren't dealing with the negatives yet. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
98) 0) text: Sam 2 driving along in his Rover. He comes across another one of these JAMMERS. He drives right up, ducks down, peering up through the windshield -- this new Jammer is a tall as the others, in fact, it is identical in every way How many of these things are there?
99) 2) text: January 12th, Lunar hour 8:32. All Harvesters running smoothly today. Readouts are as follows: Matthew, 12.7 miles; Mark 11.9 miles... These are just his log entries. What's he looking for? Sam 1 starts scrolling BACK through the log entries, like he's REWINDING chapters on a DVD, showing himself at various stages of his time on Selene -- his beard essentially growing in REVERSE as the messages stretch further back -- eventually Sam 1 is clean shaven --
100) 0) text: Sam 1 heads into the Return Vehicle. Its dominated by the cryo pod, used to hold astronauts in a state of cryogenic sleep on their way back to Earth. Sam 1 pops open the lid and starts frantically searching the chamber for TRACES o the previous Sams, eventually finding particles of DUST i the cracks --
104) 6) text: We don't go home. We're burned to death up there. Then the company wakes up a new one. Every three years. Like clock work.                              Sam 2 absorbing this. Then: SAM 2
106) 4) text: Then the VP BEEPS -- the monitor BLIPS -- the message see to have gone through. And suddenly a GIRL appears on the screen. Sam 1 can't believe it. It's the same Girl from his hallucinations. Same wheat-colored hair. Same freckles dotting her cheek bones. Same yellow dress. The moment Sam 1 sees the Girl he thinks -- naturally -- that he's imagining things again. But then she speaks:
106) 13) text: Uh, yeah, I think so. I'm her daughter. (then) Can I help you? And astonishingly, the news of Tess's death actually take a back seat as Sam 1 is forced to confront this new revelation. The girl is EVE BELL. Sam 1 is talking to his DAUGHTER. Sam 1 tilts his head, a smile twitches on his face. SAM 1
106) 14) text: Eve? Sam 1 can't believe it. She's beautiful. She's beautiful.
106) 16) text: Yes? A moment. Eve looking more closely, trying to decipher Sa 1's face. Tears glistening in his eyes. SAM 1
106) 17) text: (overwhelmed) Hi... Hi. Eve. How old are you now? For a second Eve is embarrassed -- she blushes slightly - but is still pulled in, intrigued. EVE BELL
106) 19) text: How did mom die, sweetheart? EVE BELL
106) 20) text: Uh... Now Eve is beginning to look spooked. She turns away from the screen and calls to someone in another room: EVE BELL (CONT'D)
106) 22) text: What! EVE BELL
106) 24) text: Who's asking about mom? Sam 1 hurriedly shuts off the VP. He sits there in the Rover, on the Moon, the middle of nowhere -- hundreds and thousands of miles from Earth -- Sam 1 has never felt more alone than he does right now.
109) 0) text: Sam 2 is sitting before the model. He's flipped it back over and returned it to the table top. Now he is attempti to fix some of the demolished pieces. At this moment he's gluing the spire back on the church. Sam 2 hears a sound from the corridor. Moments later Sam appears in the doorway wearing the backpack. Sam 1 is beginning to look alarmingly ILL. His depleting health has been evident throughout the film, but now it seems to have jumped to a new level. He watches Sam 2 for a little while.
109) 20) text: There's blood in everything. My urine. My vomit. I've got a constant headache. Dizzy spells. (a beat) The same thing happened to the other clones. I saw it when I hacked into the Old Man. After three years they all started to get sick. Now it's happening to me. Well, it's been happening for a while now. A couple of weeks. SAM 2
109) 28) text: No tranqs. I don't think I would ever wake up again. Sam 1 manages a nod. Sam 2 hooks his arm around Sam 1's shoulder, helps him fr the room.
111) 0) text: Sam 2 enters the Rec Room and shuts the door. He moves to one of the tables and sits down, POPS on the VP. ON THE VP MONITOR we begin to re-watch the conversation between Eve Bell and Sam 1. Obviously we are only seeing Eve's face on the screen, but WE HEAR Sam 1's voice in th background.
111) 2) dialog: This is the Bell residence.
111) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, she passed away some years ago. Sam 2 and Sam 1 have exactly the same reaction at the sam time.
111) 10) dialog: Uh, yeah, I think so, I'm her daughter. (then)
113) 11) text: A clone is awake the moment his pod is opened. But he is not fully conscious for several hours. A beat. SAM 2
120) 14) text: You've done your three years. I can't expect you to stick around. Maybe you can meet Eve in person. A beat. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
120) 15) text: I saw the message on the VP. Eve is beautiful. She looks like her mom. Sam 1 realizes that Sam 2 knows everything. There are no secrets between them now. They both absorb the impact of knowing Tess is dead. Finally: SAM 1
124) 2) text: Evening Overmeyers, evening Thompson! According to the Old Man Rescue Unit Eliza will be here in just over three hours. Not a moment too soon! I never thought I'd say this, but I want to get out there, I want to work. I feel like a kid who's been grounded. Looking forward to Eliza straightening everything out and things getting back to normal around here. Well...that's it. I'll let you know how it goes. Over and out, gentlemen. Sam 2 sends the message, his SMILE instantly COLLAPSING. mutters under his breath:
126) 5) text: I'm coughing up blood, I'm as white as a ghost. I look like I belong in a graveyard. I meet Eve now, I'll scare the shit out of her more than anything else. D'you think she'll even come within ten feet of me, the way I look?
126) 10) text: I'll put myself in the Rover, I'll be the body -- it was me to begin with anyway, right? You go back to Earth. You go back. You're healthy. You've got three years ahead of you. You stand a much better chance than I do. The other guy....Gerty can get him up to speed...he can be here to meet Eliza when they arrive. Sam 1 seems to have it all figured out. Although Sam 2 should in some ways be relieved by Sam 1's decision, he looks closer to distraught. SAM 2
126) 14) text: I'll be careful. I'll keep Eve out of it. She wont even know I exist. Sam 1 smiles wearily, watching his old self. SAM 1
133) 0) text: Sam 2 pauses at the window...looking for Eliza. The Rescu Unit is so close Sam 2 might actually be able to pick out their spacecraft. And he can! It's tiny, but nevertheless it's there -- a metallic spacecraft, glinting like a jewel -- and heading steadily towards the Moon. There isn't a moment to lose. Sam 2 swings around, heads for the CARGO CONTAINER. We remain inside the Monitoring Station as Sam 2 climbs inside the Cargo Container He readies himself. Says a little prayer and... he cant do it! Cursing at himself an glancing at the time ticking away before Eliza lands, he jumps back out of the CARGO CONTAINER and runs back into the base.
139) 0) text: Gerty sits lifeless. We hear the sounds of pressure doors opening. Unrecognize voices as the landing crew enters the base, calling for Sam. Gerty comes to life. His principal monitor POPS ON and his pincer-like HANDS begin to TWITCH. His READOUT SCREEN streams with DATA. Gerty's head begins to swivel left and right -- as if he' awoken with a stiff neck -- eventually he SEES Sam 3, crosses to him. Just like that, Gerty continues his routine checks of Sam -- studying Sam 3's heartbeat, his brain activity -- the robot literally picking up where he left off. And then Sam 3's eyes open. He is awake. He blinks at Gerty, cloudy, groggy.
142) 0) text: Sam 2 is seriously cramped inside one of the Helium 3 containers, about as comfortable as a pony in a dog kenne but nonetheless WHOOPING RAUCOUSLY at the sheer velocity the container -- as well as, and perhaps even more so, th fact that he has successfully escaped the base. He's going home.