0) 0) text: The sound belongs to a regular old TREADMILL like you see in most gyms across the world. Running on it: SAM BELL, m thirties, thick beard, handsome, striking blue eyes. Sam's face is flushed and glistening with sweat. He lunge for a towel draped over the treadmill's bar, dabs his fac as he runs. We see OUTSIDE THE WINDOW: A gray, powdery landscape stretching beneath a BLACK SKY.
2) 0) text: Sam takes a shower, treading in a tight circle beneath th nozzle, eyes closed, hot water blasting his face.
3) 0) text: His hair still wet from the shower, Sam sits before a COM UNIT, dressed in a "Lunar Industries" boiler suit, a zip the front, colorful patches sewn into the arms. He begins to record a message.
3) 1) dialog: Tess. Hi. It's me. How are you, sweetheart? It's the morning here. In a few minutes Gerty and I will sit down for breakfast, go over the day's itinerary. As Sam continues his message, we are given a TOUR of the mining base. Beginning with:
4) 1) dialog: Today begins my 154th week on Selene. I officially have two weeks to go before I climb into that Return Vehicle...
5) 1) dialog: And blast home.
6) 0) text: Sam spends most of his time here. It is kitchen and play room combined. We PICK OUT a television set, an armchair, Ping-Pong table, the treadmill.
6) 1) dialog: I never dreamed I'd make it this far.
6) 4) dialog: There were times, as you know... We go even CLOSER to the model, seeing that there are actual people, actual characters in the little town; actu buildings: a CHURCH, a TOWN HALL, etc. Clearly someone ha put a ton of work into this thing.
6) 5) dialog: ...when I thought I was going to crack up.
7) 0) text: And the tour of the base continues. Onto a new room. A da storage area Sam has repurposed to grow a handful of plants. They sit surrounded by darkness, glowing under pools of artificial light.
7) 1) dialog: But I think I've come out the other side now.
8) 1) dialog: In many ways, this place is all about contradictions.
9) 1) dialog: It's bleak, it's beautiful.
9) 4) dialog: It's barren, yet filled with riches.
10) 1) dialog: The earth is thousands and thousands of miles away, but sometimes looks so close I feel like I could reach out and snatch it with my hand.
11) 0) text: Sam's bed -- A New York Jets poster on the wall -- a few knickknacks bedside, rock samples in jars, a lucky tambourine Sam got in Mexico some years ago -- a red stre ball -- a photograph by the bed in a frame --
11) 1) dialog: I'm incredibly lonely, yet I'm never alone...
11) 4) dialog: Because I have you.
11) 6) dialog: And I have Eve. I don't take you guys for granted. You know that now.
12) 0) text: Back with Sam at the Comms Unit as he wraps up the messag
12) 1) dialog: Please kiss Eve for me. And tell her daddy will only be away a little longer -- seventeen days longer, approximately. I love you both dearly. Bye. And he sends the message.
13) 0) text: The main corridor connecting the different rooms. We've seen everything there is to see now. The base is small. Confined. Claustrophobic. It is easy to imagine how someo could crack up here. Sam leaves the Comms Room and heads down the corridor.
14) 0) text: A state of the art robot, a GERTY 3000 -- known simply as "GERTY" -- is preparing Sam's breakfast. Gerty is in three sections and moves along a horizontal rail that runs throughout the base. He has a readout scre that perpetually spews data. His hands resemble pincers, but are perfectly nimble. For the purposes of helping run the base and looking afte Sam, Gerty is as good as human, if not better. Sam enters.
14) 1) dialog: Morning, Gerty.
14) 3) dialog: Fine. Fine. You?
14) 6) dialog: Much better, thanks, pal. Sam treats Gerty more like a person than a robot. Whether this is down to Gerty's intelligence or Sam's desperation for company isn't clear just yet. Note: Gerty talks like a well-educated older man. His language doesn't have a great deal of inflection (i.e. Monotone) but he is friendly enough. Sam switches a dial on a radio but gets nothing but stati - he sticks in a mini cd and skips the first few tracks. We hear brief clips of talk radio and shuttle through it before he allows it to play on, on some random American station -- an old weather report:
16) 0) text: Sam sits before Selene's main computer, known as THE OLD MAN. Data flickering off Sam's face. He is making a log entry. A CLOCK is running on the monitor.
16) 1) dialog: 8:32 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 1. All Harvesters running smoothly this morning. Readouts are as follows: Matthew, 14.6 miles; Mark 16.8 miles... Sam continues with his entry while we
18) 3) dialog: Gerty, we've got a live one on Mark. I'm going out now to rope her in.
20) 0) text: Three Rovers (moon buggies) parked in their separate bays The Rovers are caked in lunar soil, as though sand blaste In his space suit Sam bends into one of the Rovers, start the engine.
21) 0) text: The second in a fleet of four Harvesters (this one known Mark) collecting lunar soil. The Harvester resembles a ta and kicks up clouds of dust. Booming, hulking, efficient. Sam catches up in his Rover and accelerates into the back of the Harvester up a couple of ramps. An intricate and dangerous maneuver he executes deftly.
22) 0) text: Sam is in an area   of the Harvester -- a kind of hatch - not dissimilar to   a garage and known as THE BELLY. Once safely inside Sam   closes the door. He is able to breath the Belly without   his helmet, which he duly removes. Sam steps up to a wall of computers. A light is flashing indicate one of the pods is filled with Helium3. Sam does his thing, eventually removing a keg-size pod of Helium3. He hauls it over to the Rover and sticks it in a special slot in the equivalent of the Rover's trunk. A new pod -- an empty -- replaces the pod Sam just remove Sam puts his helmet back on, returns to the Rover, revers out of the Harvester carefully.
23) 0) text: Sam loads the filled pod into a CARGO CONTAINER. The Carg Container is about the size of a fridge and can take a maximum of five pods. There are four pods already inside, Sam's new pod taking up the fifth and final slot.
24) 0) text: Sam is seated at the Comms Unit recording a message for h superiors back on Earth.
24) 1) dialog: Sam Bell reporting to Central. 10:14 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 1. (less formal)
24) 2) text: Overmeyers, Thompson? It's Sam. How goes it? I've got a full container of Helium3 ready to roll. The purity is pretty good, so assuming your last market prices are still relevant I think you are looking at getting about 3 million dollars per kilo with this load. By the time this message reaches you it should be in transit. (a beat)
24) 3) text: Otherwise, everything running smoothly. There was a discrepancy between a couple of the N3000 modulators a couple of days ago, but Gerty and I caught it in time, no big deal. Uh...how are things down there? Sam desperately wants to talk but has nothing very important to say. Then he remembers something.
24) 4) dialog: Oh, and I just wanted to thank you for sending out the football feed. Almost felt live! (getting pissed off)
24) 5) text: Seriously, I don't mean to be an asshole, but surely replacing one satellite cant be that fucking hard! I haven't been able to have a conversation with my wife... My kid can talk now...! Fuck! Sam concentrates, getting a grip on his temper. Two weeks. Two weeks. (beat)
25) 0) text: Sam is loading the Cargo Container into the base's MAGLEV LAUNCHER. He works with a sense of routine, far away, preoccupied. All of a sudden Sam STOPS. He has the feeling someone is standing behind him. He slowly turns. A GIRL is standing in the doorway watching him. She is perhaps fifteen or sixteen years old. A yellow dress. Lon wheat-colored hair. Freckles. At once beautiful and haunting. Sam gets the FRIGHT of his life. He FLIES against the wal WIDEN to reveal Sam and the Girl facing off. Sam POP-EYED and SHAKING. The Girl IMMOBILE, arms at her sides, head tilted ever so slightly to one side. The Cargo Container is sent hurtling through space. A TERRIFIC BLAST. It distracts Sam's attention, breaks his stare... And just like that, the Girl is gone. Sam is just staring at an empty doorway. Nothing there. Sam is baffled. Had to be his imagination. Had to be. Aft a few seconds he shakes his head dismissively and continu working.
26) 0) text: Gerty is cutting Sam's hair. Sam sitting back in a chair, barber shop style, while the robot snip-snip-snips away with a pair of scissors. Sam i gently squeezing a STRESS BALL in his right hand.
26) 2) dialog: Everything's fine, Gerty. For a moment there is no sound but the snipping scissors, reminiscent of keys snapping on a typewriter. Then:
26) 5) text: You don't seem like yourself today. Sam frowns, contemplative. For a moment we think he is going to tell Gerty about the Girl he saw earlier -- or imagined he saw. But he goes with something different.
26) 6) dialog: It's Tess. GERTY
26) 7) text: Has something happened? SAM
26) 9) text: Sam, what is it? SAM
26) 10) text: Something doesn't feel right, that's all. A beat. Sam's fingers twitching around the red stress bal squeezing harder. GERTY
26) 11) text: Sam, it might help to talk about it. Sam decides to come clean. SAM
26) 14) dialog: Right. GERTY
26) 15) text: What kind of things? SAM
26) 19) text: Im sure she can't wait, Sam. SAM
26) 21) text: Perhaps Tess didn't receive the message? SAM
26) 22) text: (as if anticipating Gerty's comment) But this isn't the only time it's happened, Gerty. When I asked her how her dad was doing on his new heart medicine she didn't respond to that -- I asked her when Eve was going to start nursery -- nothing. Had her brother got the position at the University? Nothing. Nothing. Sam is really having a go at the stress ball now. GERTY
26) 23) text: I think her brother did get the position at the University. His name is Christopher, correct? SAM
26) 25) text: Yes, I seem to recall he got the position. Professor of Biochemistry, I think. At Syracuse University in New York? Sam is slightly alarmed that Gerty knows this and he doesn't. SAM
26) 28) text: You told me. Some time ago now. Towards the beginning of your time on Selene. When we were starting to get to know each other. (a beat) You were very happy for your brother-in-law. You danced around the Rec Room, if I remember correctly. Sam looks perturbed. For a few seconds he'd eased up on t stress ball. He starts up on it again now. SAM
26) 30) text: No Sam. From what I understand it's fairly low on the companies priority list with the Jupiter mission active. I would imagine                      it would be very expensive to                        fix.                                                 A pause. Sam still looks troubled. GERTY (CONT'D)
26) 31) text: Sam, are you ok? SAM
26) 33) text: I will Sam. Do you want me to finish cutting your hair later? SAM
26) 34) text: Nah. Come on.   Let's finish this. Gerty resumes cutting Sam's hair, and stops again, sensin Sam is going to say something more. The scissors freeze.
26) 36) dialog: I've got another one of those headaches. Can you get me something for it?
26) 38) dialog: No not now, afterwards. The scissors start up again.
26) 39) dialog: Thanks, pal.
27) 0) text: Sam with a HAIRCUT and a neatly TRIMMED BEARD is sitting before the Bolser Wood model of the little town. He is arched over working away with an EXACTO BLADE -- SQUINTING -- whittling a figure out of wood. This is difficult and complicated work, and over three years Sam has become highly skilled at it. Sam can carve an actual person out of wood -- actual cheekbones, actual throats, actual hands -- it's fascinating to watch. From another room Sam hears the "ping-ping-ping" of an alarm.
30) 0) text: Sam sits at the comms unit watching a message from his superiors, OVERMEYERS and THOMPSON, a purposeful looking woman in charge and her earnest second. The two talk RAPIDLY and trade off like a tag team. At times their tone can be almost bizarrely whimsical. Overmeyers and Thompson seem to have known Sam for a whil but even so, there is a practised casualness to the repartee. It's a professional friendliness on Overmeyers part, no more and for Thompson it's merely an eagerness t be involved.
31) 0) text: Sam playing Ping-Pong. He has folded up the second half o the table and is using it as a wall. The sound is rapid a rhythmic: ca-cluck ca-cluck ca-cluck. Sam taking his FRUSTRATION out on the little white ball.
32) 0) text: Sam stands before the toilet urinating. Rather ironically he is whistling I'm Walking on Sunshine -- focussed ahead at his reflection in the mirror -- angling his face, admiring his haircut, his beard. Then he looks down to flush the toilet and his WHISTLING abruptly STOPS.
33) 3) dialog: Be right there. And he flushes the toilet.
34) 0) text: Sam sitting before the monitor. He hits the "PLAY" button begins watching the message. ON THE MONITOR: Tess is sitting in a living room talking Sam. Tess has a sweet voice, she sounds grounded, like she's got a head on her shoulders.
34) 3) text: Hey, someone's got something to say. A WOMAN, possibly a nanny or some form of hired help, swings a LITTLE GIRL into Tess's arms. This is EVE, Sam a Tess's daughter.
36) 0) text: Sam is in improved spirits. He pours himself a glass of juice as Gerty prepares dinner.
36) 2) dialog: What's on the menu tonight, Gerty?
36) 4) dialog: Ribs! Good choice, pal. Fine choice. It might be baby back ribs with french fries and spinach, but it's made from a packet by adding hot water. Nasty. Sam sits down with the packet. Digs in with a fork.
36) 5) dialog: Oh yeah! Compliments to the chef, Gerty, this is delicious! Sam eating ravenously.
37) 0) text: Sam is in the Greenhouse pruning plants with a pair of secateurs. He treads up the aisles slowly, taking time wi each of the plants. CLASSICAL MUSIC plays over the sound system, Brahms, Beethoven, Bartok, one of the B's. Sam HUMS along to the music. A man at peace.
38) 0) text: Sam is working on his wooden model of the town. Across th room the Ed Sullivan Show is on TV. Ed's guest is a very young Goldie Hawn. Note: Whenever any TV is watched in the film, it is alway a show from 1970's America. (Mash, Six Million Dollar Man Laugh-In, etc.) No explanation is given for this. Sam is half-watching the TV, but his focus is chiefly on the SMALL HOUSE he is carving. And carving beautifully. After a few seconds he stands and snaps off the TV with a remote. He crosses to the kitchen section of the Rec Room to make some tea. The water has just boiled. As Sam is about to pour the boiling water, tea kettle in hand, he glances across the Rec Room and sees:
38) 2) dialog: And then we CUT to Sam standing in the kitchen. Over by t model there is no sign of the Girl. The chair is empty. She's gone. Her sitting there, Sam's walk across the room apparently he imagined it all. Sam looks down. The tea kettle is dangling at an angle an BOILING WATER is DRIBBLING onto his left hand. Simultaneously: Sam SNAPS his hand AWAY, Sam SCREAMS. The tea kettle CLATTERS to the floor. Sam HURRIES to the sink and jerks his hand under a stream of cold water. Cursing under his breath the whole time: "Shit, piss, fuck..."
39) 0) text: Sam sits in a chair as Gerty tends to his scolded left hand. It's a nasty burn.
39) 1) dialog: I'm going to feel that for a while, aren't I, Gerty? (then)
39) 4) dialog: I told you, I saw something on the TV and spilled boiling water on my hand.
39) 7) dialog: (a touch petulant)
39) 8) text: Yeah, something on the TV distracted me, Gerty, what's wrong with that? A pause. Gerty is wrapping Sam's hand with a bandage.
40) 0) text: Sam asleep in bed.
41) 0) text: Sam wakes up and lunges across the bed to shut off his alarm clock. We notice a WHITE BANDAGE on the hand that h scolded. Afterwards: Sam lies back, watching the ceiling, groggy, reflective, still surfacing from his dream. And then OVER THIS: The sound from the opening of the fil THE TREADMILL, and we
42) 0) text: Sam on his morning run.
43) 0) text: Gerty is making breakfast. Sam enters, fresh from the shower.
43) 1) dialog: Morning, Gerty.
43) 3) dialog: Fine. Fine.
43) 5) dialog: It's a little sore. Gerty pops the radio on. Just another morning on Selene.
44) 0) text: Sam sitting before The Old Man doing his daily log entry. CLOCK is running on the monitor.
44) 1) dialog: 8:19 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 2. Readouts are as follows: Matthew, 9.8 Miles... Suddenly the monitor BLIPS -- a BLAST of STATIC -- and Sa SEES himself talking on the monitor. It appears to be a previous log entry.
44) 2) dialog: Luke...7.3 miles...wow, better look into Luke... But bizarrely, the Sam talking on the monitor has long ha pulled back into a ponytail -- and no beard -- And then another BLIP -- another BLAST of STATIC --   and the screen turns completely BLACK. A single word begins to flash in the center of the screen
44) 5) dialog: Mark, 11 miles on the button...
45) 0) text: Sam stands across the room with a mug of coffee, peers up at the Big Board, sees that the alarm belongs to Matthew. He crosses to the INTERCOM, speaks into it.
45) 1) dialog: Gerty, looks like we've got a live one out on Matthew. I wondered what was taking him so long, the old fart. I'm heading out in a few minutes, just going to finish my coffee.
45) 6) dialog: His face unfolding with panic, alarm, curiosity. An intense, yearning, curiosity.
46) 0) text: A CLEAN SHAVEN and drugged-up Sam is sitting up in bed, propped with a pillow. Sam doesn't have a scratch on his face, but has clearly been through a terrifying ordeal. Gerty is bedside.
46) 2) dialog: Where am I?
46) 5) dialog: No. (a beat)
46) 6) text: I don't remember a thing. Sam just stares back at Gerty, not so much as a flicker o recognition.
46) 8) dialog: Yes, of course I remember you, Gerty.
46) 10) text: I'd like to keep you under observation here in the Infirmary for a few days and run some tests. A pause. Sam taking it all in. Eventually:
46) 11) dialog: How long have I been out?
47) 0) text: Sam asleep in bed. Gerty is scanning his head with a smal instrument resembling a camcorder.
49) 0) text: Sam wakes up from an extended nap. He thrusts his fists into his eyes like a child, yawns ferociously.
49) 1) dialog: Gerty? No sign of the robot. Sam is feeling well enough to walk. He swings his legs out of bed, begins to plod around the room. He is tentative at first, slow, as if walking is something he is having to learn from scratch. Eventually when he is moving fluidly he goes to the door and pokes his head out into the corridor.
50) 0) text: Sam peers around. From another room he can hear the faint drone of VOICES. One of these voices belongs to Gerty. Th other voices are deeper, faster, human.
50) 1) dialog: Gerty? The voices continue. Intrigued, Sam PRESSES ON down the corridor.
51) 0) text: Gerty is installed at the Comms Unit. Thompson and Overmeyers are on the screen. The moment Gerty sees Sam he shuts off the monitor and th screen fizzes to black, Thompson and Overmeyers vanishing Strange: Gerty appeared to have a live feed.
51) 2) dialog: I wanted to stretch my legs. (then)
51) 5) text: Sam, you need to stay in bed. You're not ready to walk around yet. Sam nods vaguely, turns around and heads back to the Infirmary slowly.
52) 0) text: Sam watching TV -- The Muppet Show, the "Pigs in Space" sketch -- and eating dinner. He's not laughing.
53) 0) text: Sam hunched over the infirmary's stainless steel wash bas giving himself a shave. He hits the razor on the side of the basin -- tap tap tap -- like a conductor with a baton
54) 0) text: Sam is seated at a table. Frankly he looks better now tha he did before the accident.
54) 3) dialog: How much longer do I have to be in here, Gerty?
54) 5) dialog: When can I get back to work?
54) 7) dialog: (dryly, exasperated)
55) 0) text: Sam walking down the corridor in the direction of the Sleeping Quarters. He stops at a RED LIGHT on the corrido wall, beneath it the word, "EXIT DOORS."
56) 0) text: Sam takes in the New York Jets poster on the wall and wal over to the bed -- studies his lucky tambourine and the glass jar of lunar rock samples -- like he's trying to reacquaint himself with his own belongings. His eyes arrive on the red stress ball. Sam scoops up the ball and PITCHES it at the wall like he expects the thing to bounce back to him. The stress ball doesn't bounce bac simply hits the wall with a dull THUD and DROPS to the FLOOR.
58) 0) text: Sam sitting before The Old Man doing a few innocuous task collecting readouts, slurping a cup of coffee. Gerty is within ear shot. Sam sees something that pulls him CLOSER to the monitor.
58) 1) dialog: Gerty, do you know about this? Gerty approaches. Sam taps the screen.
58) 2) dialog: Matthew's got no velocity read- out. He's completely still.
59) 0) text: Sam is recording a message for Central.
59) 1) dialog: There's no way to tell from here if a track's been thrown, or if it's just something jammed in an axle, or what... I can shoot out there, check it out, get some video and maybe save you guys the expense of floating in a whole crew! I know how tight money is right now.... Sam really frustrated now. He feels cooped up, stir crazy idle.
59) 2) dialog: Just give me the word -- or Gerty the word, tell him to unlock the exit doors -- and I'll go out and get Matthew up and running again. (a beat)
59) 3) text: That's it. Over and out. Sam sends the message.
60) 0) text: Sam enters the Rec Room, looks around, his eyes settling the model of the town. Sam sits down in front of the model, staring -- he picks the HOUSE he was carving earlier -- studies it carefully.
61) 0) text: Sam and Gerty are seated at the Comms Unit watching a vid message from Central. Sam is holding a carved HOUSE, examining it as he listens to the video. The familiar faces of Overmeyers and Thompson on the screen, shoulder to shoulder, the two looking more like vultures right now than lizards.
61) 3) dialog: (muttering, vexed)
61) 10) dialog: (incensed)
61) 11) text: Why? The message ends. Sam turns to Gerty, irate, the message good as a kick in the balls.
62) 0) text: Sam asleep in bed.
63) 0) text: Sam is quietly eating breakfast, lost in thought. Gerty puttering around in the background. The radio drones away
64) 0) text: Sam is seated at the Comms Unit watching a message from Tess. We assume this is an old message since Tess is heavily PREGNANT. Her slender hands are spread over her prodigious belly as she beams at the camera.
64) 2) text: I think we made the right choice, Sam. I really do. We need some time apart. We got stuck. That happens in marriages sometimes. It's nothing terrible. (then)
64) 3) text: Well listen, I love you lots -- and we'll talk soon, okay? Bye Sam. A POP and Tess is gone -- the monitor filled with STATIC. Sam sits staring into space. Tess' message seems to have agitated him.
64) 4) dialog: Fuck it.
65) 0) text: Sam strides in -- swipes a KNIFE from beside the wooden model -- strides out again.
66) 0) text: Sam glances left and right -- making sure there's no sign of Gerty -- then begins to PRY open a VENT with the knife Once the vent is removed he reaches deep inside and YANKS out a bundle of interwoven WIRES -- Sam bends the wires around the BLADE of the knife -- and CUTS. GAS ISSUES from the cut wires. An ALARM sounds. Sam hides the knife away, shouts down the corridor:
66) 1) dialog: Gerty! Get over here! Quickly! Gerty comes out of the Monitoring Station and SHUTTLES do the corridor.
66) 3) dialog: Don't know -- Micro meteorites, maybe? Either way there might be damage to the exterior shell. I'd better go outside and take a look.
66) 5) dialog: It's not that I don't believe you, Gerty, but the inner skin is springing leaks like an ACME fire hose. Maybe you better let me take a look, just in case, huh?
66) 7) dialog: Then let's keep it between you and me then. Ok?
67) 0) text: Sam finds his space suit is gone, so grabs the spare suit and scrambles into it.
68) 0) text: Two Rovers parked side by side. One of the parking bays i EMPTY. Sam stands before the empty bay for a moment -- wh is one of the Rovers missing? If Sam suspected something was wrong before, he is certai of it now. He climbs into one of the two remaining Rovers
69) 0) text: Sam heading towards the stalled Harvester. It soon become apparent that there is something STUCK under the front of the Harvester's AXLE. A second later it is apparent what that something is: inevitably, it's the MISSING ROVER. Sam slows his Rover down, approaching the scene with CAUTION. He parks a few feet away from the wreck and open the door of his Rover, stepping outside gingerly. ONE SIXTH GRAVITY is like walking on a trampoline. Sam takes long strides, bobbing over to the front of the Harvester to take a closer look, his boots leaving deep FOOTPRINTS in the lunar soil.
69) 3) text: Through his helmet we see a BLOODY and BEARDED SAM. Sam a we remember him. The Sam from the opening twenty minutes the film. Sam's face as the PANIC, the ALARM, the SHOCK, the REALIZATION hit him like a wrecking ball: this man he has just pulled out of the crashed Rover is himself.
70) 0) text: Sam drives the Rover into the Dock, flies out and removes his space helmet, screaming:
70) 1) dialog: Gerty! Gerty! Help!
71) 0) text: Sam promptly collapses and DROPS the unconscious Sam onto the floor.
71) 1) dialog: Gerty! Gerty approaches, gliding along his rail. Sam is freaking out big time, exhausted, panic-stricken, bewildered.
71) 2) dialog: I found him outside by the stalled harvester. Who is he? What the fuck is going on? A pause. Gerty literally seems lost for words.
71) 3) dialog: (demanding an answer)
71) 6) dialog: Not until you tell me who he is!
71) 8) dialog: Who is he! Who is he! Sounding like some deranged homeless man. Gerty gliding alongside him.
72) 0) text: Lying in the Infirmary bed, propped on a pillow, is the first Sam, the bearded Sam, who we will now refer to as S 1.
73) 0) text: Sam 1's eyes pop open, he is awake, staring directly at Gerty.
73) 3) dialog: Where am I?
73) 5) dialog: I saw someone out there, Gerty.
73) 7) dialog: I saw a girl.
73) 11) dialog: Gerty?
73) 13) dialog: Is there someone in the room with us?
73) 15) dialog: Who is he? But Sam 1 knows exactly who it is. He's seen that face every morning of his life in the bathroom mirror.
74) 0) text: Sam 1 hobbling along, in addition to his facial injuries injured his knee in the crash and is walking with a sligh LIMP. The camera TRACKING behind Sam 1 as he swings along and stops at
75) 0) text: Sam 1 in the doorway, he peers in.
75) 2) dialog: Hi. Sam 2 just nods. He turns back to the TV. Sam 1 continues on down the corridor.
76) 0) text: Gerty is studying lunar rock samples through a microscope Sam 1 enters.
76) 1) dialog: Gerty, what the hell is going on? Who is that guy in the Rec Room? Where did he come from? Why does he look like me? Sam 1 is perplexed, but not freaking out, not yet anyway.
76) 3) dialog: Yes, Gerty, I'm out of bed.   Who is the guy in the rec room?
76) 5) dialog: Who the fuck is in the rec room, Gerty!?
76) 8) dialog: I don't understand what's happening, Gerty. I think I may be losing my mind.
76) 11) text: I haven't reported anything to central, Sam. They don't know you were recovered alive from the accident.
76) 12) dialog: Recovered alive? What do you mean? Why haven't you reported to central?
77) 0) text: Sam 1 comes out of the Monitoring Station, passes the Rec Room without looking in.
78) 0) text: Sam 2 has taken over the room. The same belongings, of course, but there's a different energy. For one thing it' very untidy; looks like the bedroom of an unruly teenager Sam 1 stands in the doorway, taking it in. Wordlessly Sam 1 begins to tidy the room. He seems almost RELIEVED to be able to lose himself temporarily in this physical activity -- making the bed, folding clothes, etc
79) 0) text: Sam 2 has stopped watching TV and is now seated at a tabl playing solitaire. Sam 1 appears in the doorway. Sam 2 looks up. The energy bristling with tension.
79) 1) dialog: You're Sam Bell. Sam 2 doesn't answer, goes back to his cards. Sam 1 enters with CAUTION, takes a seat across the room, purposefully keeping his distance.
79) 3) text: I'm Sam Bell, too. SAM 2
79) 4) text: Yeah. Sam 1 nods. A beat. SAM 1
79) 5) text: This is fucked up. SAM 2
79) 6) text: Completely. Sam 2 slapping down cards. Sam 1 desperately attempts to put together a coherent thought. SAM 1
79) 7) text: Why... What are you? For a second we don't think Sam 2 is going to respond. Then: SAM 2
79) 8) text: I'm a clone, Sam.    Im a fucking clone. SAM 1
79) 9) text: How long have you been here? SAM 2
79) 10) text: About a week. A beat. SAM 1
79) 11) text: How are you getting on? SAM 2
79) 12) text: (repeating the question slowly) How am I getting on? (then) The company ordered Gerty to lock all the exits. I haven't been able to do anything for seven days but sit on my ass. SAM 1
79) 13) text: They locked all the exits? What about the harvesters? SAM 2
79) 16) dialog: And then when I finally trick Gerty into letting me outside I find a clone of myself in a crashed rover. How am I getting on? Oh I'm loving it.
79) 17) dialog: I'm not a clone.
79) 18) dialog: Ok, Sam.   You're not a clone.
79) 19) dialog: You're the clone.
80) 0) text: The two Sam's are inspecting plants.
80) 1) dialog: How long have you been here?
80) 2) dialog: Almost three years.
80) 3) dialog: Hence the Captain's beard.
80) 4) dialog: (with a smile)
80) 6) dialog: I didn't know it could get so thick. Does it itch?
80) 7) dialog: No, not really.
80) 8) dialog: Listen, I wanted to say thank- you. If it wasn't for you I'd still be out there in the crashed rover. You saved my life. (then)
80) 9) text: Will you shake my hand? Sam 2 hesitates, eventually shakes Sam 1's hand. Meanwhil Sam 1 is staring at his clone, astonished.
80) 10) dialog: (self-conscious)
80) 13) dialog: You look just like me. It's incredible.
80) 14) dialog: Why do I look like you? Why don't you look like me?
80) 15) dialog: We look like each other, I guess. This final line intended as a kind of truce.
81) 0) text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 are folding the Ping-Pong table down so they can have a real game.
81) 2) dialog: Your serve.
81) 3) dialog: Score?
81) 4) dialog: Two points to eighteen.
81) 5) dialog: Fuck!                                                   Sam 2 slaps his paddle on his thigh, his temper creeping on him. He catches Sam's eye. Gets a grip. Sam 1 is a better player than Sam 2. He's been up here longer. He's had more practice.
82) 0) text: After the game, the two Sams are sprawled in their seats, sweaty, flushed, energized. They sit before the model of the town.
82) 1) dialog: How long did it take you to do this?
82) 3) text: I don't remember doing all of it. I remember when I did the church and the Salvation Army. And a few of the people. My mind's been acting kind of weird lately, though. SAM 2
82) 4) text: It's Fairfield, right? (pointing) There's Town Hall. SAM 1
82) 5) text: Uh-huh. You know Fairfield? (also pointing) That's the Baskin&amp;Robbins. And there's Tess and Eve. Do you know Tess? The mention of their wife has stopped the conversation in its tracks. Sam 2 immediately drops into deep melancholy. SAM 2
82) 6) text: Yes.   I know Tess. SAM 1
82) 7) text: You know about Eve, right? It is obvious from Sam 2's expression that he doesn't. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
82) 9) dialog: We did? (beat) She thought she was going to have a boy. She was so sure. (then) Eve? Sam 1 nods. SAM 1
82) 10) text: She's beautiful. She's really beautiful. SAM 2
82) 11) text: How much did she weigh? Isn't that what you're supposed to ask, how much did she weigh? SAM 1
83) 0) text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 seated before the Comms Unit. Sam 1 hits the "Play" button. Overmeyers and Thompson appear on the screen.
83) 14) text: Eliza is bringing you something special, Sam. Compliments of the company.
83) 16) text: No not a hooker. What's wrong with you? It's a little something to drink, Sam, that's all, our way of patting you on the back for all that you've been through. THOMPSON
83) 18) text: Yeah you hang in there, Sam. Over and out. And the screen pops to black. A pause. For a moment there is silence, neither of the Sams knowin how to react -- going by the message Thompson and Overmeyers don't know anything about there being two Sams on the base now. SAM 1
83) 19) text: They're sending a Rescue Unit? Why? SAM 2
83) 22) dialog: Then I'm going back. Sam 2 gives Sam 1 a perplexed look.
83) 23) dialog: I've done my three years. That's it for me -- Sam 2 is shaking his head slowly.
83) 24) dialog: What?
83) 25) dialog: Is that what you really think?
83) 26) dialog: I've got a contract --
83) 27) dialog: You're a fucking clone! You don't have shit! At once Sam 1 and Sam 2 ROCKET to their feet -- right in each others faces, on the BRINK of BLOWS.
83) 28) dialog: I'm going home!
83) 29) dialog: You're not going anywhere! Sam 1 turns around, heads out of the room. Sam 2 STORMS after him, TALKING the whole time --
83) 30) dialog: You've been up here too long, man! You've lost the plot! Gerty shuttles along after them.
84) 0) text: Sam 1 presses down the corridor, Sam 2 tailing right behi him.
84) 1) dialog: What, you think Tess is back home waiting for you? What about the original Sam?
84) 2) dialog: I'm the original! I'm Sam fucking Bell! Me! Me!
84) 4) dialog: Gerty, am I a clone? Gerty doesn't know which way to look.
85) 0) text: Sam 1 takes his old seat before the model. Sam 2 stands over him.
85) 1) dialog: What about the other clones? "Other clones?" Sam 1 just stares back.
85) 2) dialog: Yeah, we might not be the first two to be woken up. (indicating the model)
85) 5) dialog: That's ridiculous. Impossible.                         Why would hey do that?                                
85) 6) dialog: I bet there's some kind of secret room --
85) 7) dialog: (laughing)
85) 9) dialog: Yeah, secret room, why not?
85) 11) dialog: (losing his cool)                                 
85) 13) dialog: Look. It's a company, right?                           They have investors, shareholders                      -- shit like that. What's                              cheaper? Spending time and money                       training new personnel or just                         have a couple of spares here to                        do the job. If they make it                            through their contract, great.                         If they don't, hallelujah! No                          contract completion fees, no                           retirement package. Just thaw out                      the spare, and keep the profits                        rolling in. It's the far side of                       the Moon, Sam! The tight fuck's                        haven't even fixed our                                 communications satellite.                             
85) 14) dialog: Tess would know.                                      
85) 15) dialog: Do you really think they give a                        shit about us? They're laughing                        all the way to the bank!                              
85) 16) dialog: Tess would know what's going on!                       She wouldn't let that happen!                         
85) 17) dialog: (exhasperated)                                    
85) 18) text: There's some area we don't know                        about. I'm going to find it.                           Sam 1 shakes his head dismissively, picks up the wooden house, starts whittling. Meanwhile Sam 2 has left the room.
86) 0) text: Sam 2 in the Monitoring Station checking wall panels, reaching his hand inside cubbies and feeling around deep inside, SEARCHING.
87) 0) text: Sam 2 moving along the corridor, pressing his ear against panels, tapping with his finger --
88) 0) text: Sam 2 RAMPAGES through the Sleeping Quarters, pushes the bed aside, lifts the mattress, goes tearing through a closet, ripping clothes from hangers, checks the back panel.
89) 0) text: Sam 2 has come full circle. He shifts the ping pong table goes through cabinets in the kitchen, feels inside -- Sam 1 half-whittling, half-watching.
89) 1) dialog: I told you.
89) 2) dialog: Shut-up! Finally Sam 2 arrives before the model.
89) 3) dialog: Get out of the way.
89) 4) dialog: Why?
89) 5) dialog: I want to check underneath there.
89) 6) dialog: You're not moving the model.
89) 7) dialog: Get the fuck out of my way! Sam 1 stands, keeps his ground.
89) 8) dialog: No. Sam 1 is still holding the knife. Though he's not about t use it, both Sams are aware that it's there. Suddenly Sam 2 LUNGES for the knife; an INTENSE STRUGGLE ensues -- TEETH CLENCHED, sputtering BREATHS -- the two Sams less clones right now than ANIMALS.
89) 10) dialog: You okay? Sam 1 has remained bent over, like he's cast in stone, blood RAINING from his face and POOLING at his feet thick and fast. Sam 2 just staring, as freaked as he is baffled.
89) 11) dialog: I hardly touched you. Now he tries to help Sam 1.
89) 12) dialog: Let me see. Sam 1 tears away from him. He looks up, his face a MESS o blood -- the WHITES of his eyes unnaturally bright, shout
89) 13) dialog: Get off me! Sam 1 holds his face with his outstretched hand, as if holding it in place -- STUMBLES from the room -- leaking BLOOD the whole way. A concerned Sam 2 watches him go.
90) 0) text: Sam 1 spills in and locks the door. He RAPIDLY turns on t faucet and cups his hand to transfer water up to his face this going on for a few seconds.
90) 3) dialog: Who are you?
90) 5) dialog: (shouting) Who are you!
90) 6) text: Sam 1 swings around to confront the Girl...but she's not there, she's vanished. Her reflection has vanished from t mirror also.
91) 0) text: Sam 2 snaps on the TV with the remote, starts watching Laugh-In, turns, sees Sam 1 wander by in the corridor. Sa 2 considers calling out to him, opts against it, gives th TV his full attention.
92) 0) text: Gerty is stationed at the Old Man collecting data. Sam 1 enters.
92) 2) dialog: Hi Gerty.
92) 3) text: Sam 1 sits. A pause. Gerty turns from the monitor, faces with an EXHAUSTED and DRAINED Sam 1.
92) 6) text: We had a fight. Me and the other guy, the other Sam. We had a fight, Gerty. He's a maniac. You know what he did? He flipped the entire model over. Do you know how much work I've put into that thing?
92) 9) text: Approximately. SAM 1
92) 11) text: What is it about Sam that scares you? SAM 1
92) 15) text: You have changed, Sam. SAM 1
92) 19) text: Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base. SAM 1
92) 21) text: Sam, I can only account for what occurs on the base. SAM 1
92) 23) text: Sam, when you first arrived at Selene, there was a small crash. You woke up in the infirmary. You suffered minor brain damage and memory loss. I kept you under observation and ran some tests. SAM 1
92) 25) text: Sam, there was no crash. You were being awakened. (a beat) It is standard procedure for all new clones to be given tests to establish mental stability and general physical health. Genetic abnormalities and minor duplication errors in the DNA can have considerable impact--
92) 26) dialog: And Tess?    Eve? GERTY
92) 27) text: They are memory implants, Sam. I'm very sorry.
92) 30) dialog: No thanks, Gerty. Sam 1 exits.
93) 0) text: Sam 1 enters the sleeping quarters -- straightens the bed and lies down. He picks up the picture of the pregnant TESS, stares at it long and hard.
94) 0) text: The TV is off. Sam 2 is sitting, arms folded, entrenched GLOOM. Sam 1 enters and heads for the kitchen, prepares himself snack. Sam 2 is aware that Sam 1 is there, but keeps his eyes focussed forward, as immobile as a statue. Eventually Sam 1 tentatively comes over.
94) 1) dialog: You okay?
94) 2) dialog: I'm staring into space. (points to the window)
94) 3) text: Get it? Sam 1 does get it. He smiles to be polite, sits.
94) 4) dialog: How's the nose?
94) 5) dialog: Better. A beat.
94) 6) dialog: Listen, I went haywire before. I lost it. I'm sorry.
94) 8) dialog: It's okay. SAM 2
94) 9) text: No it's not okay. I fucked up Fairfield -- your model -- that's unacceptable. I don't know what's wrong with me. (then) I've got a temper. I need to do something about it. SAM 1
94) 10) text: Yes you do. A pause. SAM 2
94) 11) text: I've been thinking. That Rescue Unit -- Eliza -- they'll be here in less than fourteen hours. I don't know about you but I'd like to figure out where we stand before they get here. SAM 1
94) 12) text: Absolutely. SAM 2
94) 14) dialog: Right. SAM 2
94) 15) text: What'll their reaction be when they find out you survived the crash? I wasn't supposed to find you. Lunar instructed Gerty to lock me inside the base for Christ's sake. A pause. Sam 1 thinking it over. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
94) 18) text: Right around the time I was awakened...I walked in on Gerty talking to Central. He was having a live conversation. SAM 1
94) 19) text: A live conversation? SAM 2
94) 20) text: Yeah. SAM 1
94) 21) text: That's not possible. SAM 2
94) 22) text: No no no, it is possible. It's possible because I saw it, that's my point. Sam 2 feels himself losing his temper a little here. He reigns himself in. SAM 1
94) 23) text: How do you know the conversation was live? SAM 2
94) 24) text: It was a back and forth exchange. And I saw Thompson and Overmeyers up on the monitor. I was supposed to be asleep in the Infirmary. The moment I walked into the comms room Gerty terminated the transmission. Now I was a little drugged up, granted, but I didn't imagine it. SAM 1
94) 25) text: The communications equipment is damaged -- there was a solar storm -- SAM 2
94) 26) text: Tabitha. SAM 1
94) 27) text: Tabitha, right. SAM 2
94) 28) text: Lunar made it up. Maybe. I don't know. Bottom line is they don't want us to be able to contact Earth. Otherwise why would they have lied to us? A pause. Sam 1 staring forward, concentrating. Sam 2 concentrating on Sam 1.
94) 30) dialog: How are they blocking the live feed? The base's communications equipment works fine --
94) 31) dialog: Maybe they're not blocking the signal from inside the base.
94) 32) dialog: From where then? As if reading each others minds, the two Sams' heads turn to the window -- a slow, perfectly synchronized movement. The lunar landscape, as black and vast as ever. The view almost cruel in its emptiness. It's not giving them any answers, not yet.
94) 35) dialog: Just passing the last of the Harvesters -- looks like John -- All of this against the ROAR of the Rover's engine.
94) 37) dialog: How long until you're out of the base's range? We INTERCUT between the two Sams in their Rovers.
94) 38) dialog: If I maintain this speed...a minute. Ninety seconds tops.
94) 39) dialog: You ever been this far out?
94) 41) dialog: No, never.
94) 44) dialog: You see anything yet?
94) 45) dialog: Nothing. You?
94) 46) dialog: There isn't shit out here...I feel like I'm about to drive off the end of the world. (then)
94) 47) text: It would help if I knew what I was looking for. Through the glass of Sam 1's helmet we see his FACE suddenly SHIFT.
94) 48) dialog: Wait a second, wait a second. Sam 1 squints and leans closer towards the windshield, li he's trying to decipher a road sign --
94) 49) dialog: I see something.
94) 51) dialog: What is it?
94) 52) dialog: Don't know yet. Sam 1 getting closer.
94) 53) dialog: Looks like some kind of antenna.
94) 55) text: Antenna? Really? (then) Hang on, looks like there's one on this side too. Sam 2 is indeed approaching something similar. Sam 1 stops his Rover about twenty feet from the Jammer. opens the Rover's door and steps out to take a closer loo
94) 57) text: I can just make out the top. Must be a hundred feet tall at least. It's huge! SAM 1
94) 58) text: Whoever built these things meant business. They weren't fucking around. Their voices ENERGIZED -- they are excited to have made this discovery -- they aren't dealing with the negatives yet. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
94) 59) text: What do you think? SAM 2
94) 60) text: Its not an antennae, dude. Its a jammer. (looking around) No wonder we can't get a live feed. These things must be blocking our signal. Suddenly Sam 1 doubles over. He vomits thick, viscous blood and sick into his helmet. Revolting. The noise is AUDIBLE over the microphone.
94) 62) dialog: You okay?
94) 63) text: No answer from Sam 1. He COLLAPSES backwards onto the ground. His chest LURCHES like he's been punched at from the inside -- he spins over onto his front --
94) 64) dialog: Sam?
94) 65) text: Sam 1 manages to climb to his feet -- heads slowly back t the Rover -- he dips in, closes the door.
94) 66) dialog: Sam, can you hear me?
94) 67) dialog: Yeah, I hear you. (then) I'm going to head back to base. I'm not feeling too good.
94) 68) dialog: I'll stay out here a little longer. I want to see if there are any more of these things.
94) 69) text: Sam 1 pulls a U-turn and begins his journey back to base. Sam 2 remains out by his Jammer, investigating further.
94) 72) dialog: Fuck!
95) 0) text: Sam 1 drives his Rover into the Dock -- not with his customary precision -- parks at an angle, grazes the wall The Rover's door JERKS opens and Sam 1 steps out unsteadily, his face visibly PALE through the glass of hi helmet.
96) 0) text: Sam 1 goes swerving up the corridor like a drunkard -- BANGING into walls -- he finally reaches the bathroom and ducks in --
97) 0) text: Sam 1 sinks to his knees before the toilet bowl. With gre effort he is able to remove his helmet, placing it on the floor next to him. He stares into the toilet. For a moment all is calm. The gentle "ping-ping-ping" of computer somewhere inside the base. Sam breathing steadil Spots of sweat on his upper lip. And then he VOMITS. He vomits LOUD, he vomits VIOLENTLY. His whole body THRUSTS forward in the process, taught, tense, like a dog being YANKED on a CHAIN. Sam 1 vomits again. And again. And again. And stops.
98) 0) text: Sam 2 driving along in his Rover. He comes across another one of these JAMMERS. He drives right up, ducks down, peering up through the windshield -- this new Jammer is a tall as the others, in fact, it is identical in every way How many of these things are there?
99) 0) text: Sam 1 enters and sits down at The Old Man. Frantically he starts typing in numbers. An array of Log Entries appear ON THE SCREEN. Sam watches one of them.
99) 1) dialog: (on screen)
99) 2) text: January 12th, Lunar hour 8:32. All Harvesters running smoothly today. Readouts are as follows: Matthew, 12.7 miles; Mark 11.9 miles... These are just his log entries. What's he looking for? Sam 1 starts scrolling BACK through the log entries, like he's REWINDING chapters on a DVD, showing himself at various stages of his time on Selene -- his beard essentially growing in REVERSE as the messages stretch further back -- eventually Sam 1 is clean shaven --
99) 3) dialog: (on the screen)
99) 4) text: Luke, 12.9 miles; John, 11.1 miles... Sam 1 keeps typing in numbers.
99) 7) dialog: (on screen)
99) 8) text: ...John, 15.1 miles...sorry, I'm not feeling too hot today -- I'm going to have to continue this later -- The SEQUENCE becomes a FAST-PACED and NIGHTMARISH MONTAGE continuing to BACKTRACK through the log entries -- showin yet more SAMS -- one has a MOUSTACHE -- one has a SHAVED HEAD -- one has grown out his hair and has a PONY TAIL, we've seen this particular Sam before in an earlier scene But all the Sams have one thing in common: towards the latter end of their log entries they all appear to be in very bad physical shape --
99) 9) dialog: ...I've got blood coming out of my nose...
99) 10) dialog: I don't feel too well, Old Man.
99) 11) dialog: My hair's falling out...look it. Sam 1 searches even DEEPER into the COMPUTER and uncovers yet more footage. We see the others Sams returning to Earth -- yet they don seem to go anywhere -- when they blast off the RETURN VEHICLE remains in its bay -- Sam 1 views different Sams blasting back to earth in the return vehicle -- always with the same result -- the retu vehicle remaining in its bay, the Sams seemingly VANISHIN In one particularly GRAINY SEQUENCE Sam 1 views Gerty opening the lid to the cryo pod in the return vehicle and beginning to VACUUM what appears to be DUST or DEBRIS -- Sam 1 understands now that the Return Vehicle is not a spacecraft, but some kind of INCINERATOR.
100) 0) text: Sam 1 heads into the Return Vehicle. Its dominated by the cryo pod, used to hold astronauts in a state of cryogenic sleep on their way back to Earth. Sam 1 pops open the lid and starts frantically searching the chamber for TRACES o the previous Sams, eventually finding particles of DUST i the cracks --
100) 3) text: Relaxing music begins to play. After a moment the music stops. There is a pause. Then an almighty pulse of light from the cryo pod. This is how Sams past have met their end. Nuked to ash like microwave meals in the cryo pod. Sam 1 inspects the controls of the spacecraft to see if i really is a vehicle -- in the process of his search he finds himself down on his knees checking out the wiring. Suddenly Sam 1's attention is on the floor BENEATH HIM. H appears to be kneeling on some kind of PANEL -- like a tablet in the return vehicle's floor -- he presses his ea against the panel -- KNOCKS -- The panel sounds HOLLOW.
101) 0) text: Sam 2 returns from his tour of the perimeter of the base; pulls up alongside Sam 1's Rover, having to compensate fo his clone's poor parking job.
102) 0) text: Sam 2 exits the Parking Bay and removes his helmet. Down the corridor he sees Sam 1 standing outside the Return Vehicle: facing him, waiting.
102) 1) dialog: I saw three more of those jammers. The base is surrounded. I printed out their coordinates -- Sam 2 begins to remove a piece of paper from his pocket, but suddenly stops. He can tell by Sam 1's expression tha something has happened.
102) 2) dialog: What? What is it?
102) 3) dialog: I found your secret room.                               
103) 0) text: Standing over the Open Panel, an anxious Sam 1 and Sam 2 stare down.
103) 1) dialog: Who goes first? Sam 1 wordlessly takes the lead, crouching slightly to seize the ladder and twist his body down into the hole. H begins to DESCEND. When he is roughly half way down Sam 2 follows.
104) 0) text: Sam 1 reaches the bottom of the ladder. He's in a dark room, a kind of CHAMBER -- if NASA did crypts, it would look like this. The only light source right now is the coming from the Return Vehicle up above. Sam 2 hops down beside Sam 1, squints into the darkness.
104) 1) dialog: Is there a light? Both Sams FUMBLE along opposing walls -- Sam 1 eventually finding a SWITCH, snaps it on. An array of overhead fluorescent bulbs begin to STUTTER a FLASH before ILLUMINATING the chamber completely --
104) 3) text: Why are there so many of them? SAM 1
104) 4) text: The cryo pod in the Return Vehicle is an incinerator. Sam 2 reacts with appropriate shock.
104) 5) dialog: What? SAM 1
104) 6) text: We don't go home. We're burned to death up there. Then the company wakes up a new one. Every three years. Like clock work.                              Sam 2 absorbing this. Then: SAM 2
104) 7) text: How do you know all this? SAM 1                                    
104) 9) dialog: How many?
104) 10) dialog: Enough.                                              A pause.
104) 12) dialog: If that Rescue Unit finds the two of us awake at the same time, they'll kill us both for sure. Sam 1 doesn't respond, he's in his own world.
104) 13) dialog: What are we going to do? All of a sudden Sam 1 makes a beeline for the ladder, starts heading back up.
104) 14) dialog: Where are you going?
105) 0) text: Sam 1 is digging in drawers, removes some equipment, some wires; a radio, a small machine called a VIDEO PHONE, referred to as a VP. He is watched by Gerty.
105) 2) dialog: Not now, Gerty, okay? Gerty begins to slide out of the room.   Sam calls after him.
105) 3) dialog: Gerty? Why did you help me? With the password? Doesn't that go against your programming or something?
105) 5) dialog: What's going on?
105) 6) dialog: There's something I've got to do.
106) 0) text: Sam 1 marches up to his Rover, tosses in the backpack and dips inside without his helmet, closes the door and backs out into the black day.
106) 2) text: Sam's Rover approaches one of the many Jammers that we no know circle the perimeter of the base. Sam 1 stops the Rover on the other side of the Jammer. Here, outside the range of the Jammers, he figures he mig be able to get a signal through to Earth. ON SAM as he removes his equipment from the backpack and starts to uncoil wires -- inserts a small BATTERY PACK on the back of the VP, sits the VP on his lap. The VP resembles a Play Station Portable with its small but nonetheless high-quality screen. Sam isn't sure who to contact at first...finally he enter some numbers from memory. The VP shaking in his hands. He is nervous, scared. He disables the video mode on his end so he is only sending audio. A moment of silence. The VP seems dead.
106) 3) dialog: Come on...come on...
106) 4) text: Then the VP BEEPS -- the monitor BLIPS -- the message see to have gone through. And suddenly a GIRL appears on the screen. Sam 1 can't believe it. It's the same Girl from his hallucinations. Same wheat-colored hair. Same freckles dotting her cheek bones. Same yellow dress. The moment Sam 1 sees the Girl he thinks -- naturally -- that he's imagining things again. But then she speaks:
106) 7) text: Uh, Bell residence? The conversation has a very slight delay, maybe a second two, and the Girl isn't completely clear on the monitor. assume that these minor technical glitches are the same o the Girl's end. The Girl is sweet, chirpy -- nothing like the haunting, ghost-like figure from Sam 1's hallucinations. GIRL
106) 8) text: This is the Bell Residence. SAM 1
106) 10) text: I'm sorry, she passed away some years ago. Sam 1 GASPS. He literally gasps. Like someone just plunge a paring knife into his belly. SAM 1
106) 11) text: No...no way. The girl just stares. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
106) 13) text: Uh, yeah, I think so. I'm her daughter. (then) Can I help you? And astonishingly, the news of Tess's death actually take a back seat as Sam 1 is forced to confront this new revelation. The girl is EVE BELL. Sam 1 is talking to his DAUGHTER. Sam 1 tilts his head, a smile twitches on his face. SAM 1
106) 14) text: Eve? Sam 1 can't believe it. She's beautiful. She's beautiful.
106) 16) text: Yes? A moment. Eve looking more closely, trying to decipher Sa 1's face. Tears glistening in his eyes. SAM 1
106) 18) text: I'm fifteen. (then) Do I know you? SAM 1
106) 21) text: Dad! And then we hear a voice. Sam's voice. SAM'S VOICE (O.S.)
106) 23) text: Dad, there's someone asking about mom... Sam's voice sounds CLOSER, more SUCCINCT, as he comes int the room -- but we don't see him yet -- he sounds, OLDER. SAM'S VOICE
106) 24) text: Who's asking about mom? Sam 1 hurriedly shuts off the VP. He sits there in the Rover, on the Moon, the middle of nowhere -- hundreds and thousands of miles from Earth -- Sam 1 has never felt more alone than he does right now.
107) 0) text: The Rover viewed from outside. We can't hear a thing. Jus the endless and unrelenting MOON SILENCE. Inside the Rover we are able to make out Sam 1, quivering at the wheel as he sobs.
109) 0) text: Sam 2 is sitting before the model. He's flipped it back over and returned it to the table top. Now he is attempti to fix some of the demolished pieces. At this moment he's gluing the spire back on the church. Sam 2 hears a sound from the corridor. Moments later Sam appears in the doorway wearing the backpack. Sam 1 is beginning to look alarmingly ILL. His depleting health has been evident throughout the film, but now it seems to have jumped to a new level. He watches Sam 2 for a little while.
109) 1) dialog: Want me to help? Sam 2 shifts over to give Sam 1 the adjacent chair. Sam 1 walks over, sits down. Together they work on gluing the church back together.
109) 2) dialog: Remember that crazy drunk guy who used to hang out by the church?
109) 3) dialog: Barbara Streisand?
109) 5) text: (with a smile) He looked like Barbara Streisand. We used to hide his Bible when he passed out. Drove the guy nuts. Sam 2 nods, remembering. A pause. SAM 2
109) 6) text: How do you carve these things? SAM 1
109) 7) text: Want me to show you? Sam 2 nods. Sam 1 picks up a block of wood, grabs an exac blade. Demonstrates. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
109) 8) text: You need to hold the wood away from you. Like this. SAM 2
109) 9) text: You're shaking. Sam 2 isn't kidding. Though he is carving the block of wood, Sam 1 can't keep it steady. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
109) 10) text: Why are you shaking? SAM 1
109) 11) text: Watch what I'm doing. (then) You watching? SAM 2
109) 12) text: Yeah. SAM 1
109) 13) text: Now you try. Sam 1 hands the wood and exacto blade to Sam 2. Sam 2 attempts to whittle. He smiles, a little embarrasse SAM 2
109) 14) text: I suck. SAM 1
109) 17) text: What's happening to you? Sam 1 averts his gaze. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
109) 18) text: Listen, I realize I've been less than cooperative. But I want to change that. You and me, we need to work together. And that starts with not keeping secrets from each other. (a beat) Now what's going on? Sam 1 tells the truth. SAM 1
109) 19) text: I think I'm dying. Sam 2 stares back at him. SAM 1 (CONT'D)
109) 20) text: There's blood in everything. My urine. My vomit. I've got a constant headache. Dizzy spells. (a beat) The same thing happened to the other clones. I saw it when I hacked into the Old Man. After three years they all started to get sick. Now it's happening to me. Well, it's been happening for a while now. A couple of weeks. SAM 2
109) 21) text: What do you think it is? SAM 1
109) 22) text: Maybe we don't live that long. Maybe we start to decompose or something. SAM 2
109) 23) text: Jesus. Suddenly Sam 1 closes his eyes -- SWAYS -- looks like he' going to pass out. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
109) 26) dialog: Why don't you lie down for a while? Take some tranqs. Get some sleep.
109) 27) dialog: (grim smile)
109) 28) text: No tranqs. I don't think I would ever wake up again. Sam 1 manages a nod. Sam 2 hooks his arm around Sam 1's shoulder, helps him fr the room.
110) 0) text: Sam 2 deposits Sam 1 onto the bed. He removes Sam 1's backpack, eases a pillow under his head. Sam 1 is instant asleep. Sam 2 pulls the comforter over him. Sam 2 begins to leave the room, sees Sam 1's backpack on the floor, the VP sticking out of it. Curious, Sam 2 grab the VP. FLASHING on the VP's SCREEN: "Last Transmission: 15:14pm.
111) 0) text: Sam 2 enters the Rec Room and shuts the door. He moves to one of the tables and sits down, POPS on the VP. ON THE VP MONITOR we begin to re-watch the conversation between Eve Bell and Sam 1. Obviously we are only seeing Eve's face on the screen, but WE HEAR Sam 1's voice in th background.
111) 1) dialog: Uh, Bell Residence?
111) 3) dialog: (commenting as he watches)
111) 5) dialog: I'm trying to reach Tess Bell.
111) 9) dialog: Tess Bell? Are you sure?
111) 11) text: Can I help you? I'm her daughter. A couple of days ago Sam 2 didn't know had a daughter, and now he's seeing her as a teenager, a young woman. He is stunned. Sam 2 continues to watch the message but we
112) 0) text: Sam 1 fast asleep. Sam 2 watches him from the doorway.
113) 0) text: Gerty is just continuing with his tasks like nothing is happening. Right now he's STACKING ready-meals and miscellaneous lunar snacks into neat columns. Sam 2 walks up.
113) 1) dialog: Gerty, I need to talk to you.
113) 3) dialog: We found the hidden room. We know about the other clones. A long pause. Then:
113) 7) text: The lower deck is out of bounds to awakened clones -- SAM 2
113) 8) text: Ordinarily, Gerty, but what with there being two of us awake at the same time, and what with the situation being unprecedented, the rules have had to change. Do you understand? GERTY
113) 9) text: I understand the situation is unprecedented. SAM 2
113) 11) text: A clone is awake the moment his pod is opened. But he is not fully conscious for several hours. A beat. SAM 2
113) 13) text: I am not permitted to do that, Sam. SAM 2
113) 14) text: If we don't wake up another clone me and the other Sam will die. We'll die, Gerty. Do you understand? GERTY
113) 17) dialog: Do you want me and the other Sam to die?
113) 19) dialog: Then you have to wake up a new clone. Okay, pal? Sam 2 waits for a response. And waits.
115) 0) text: Sam 1 fast asleep in bed.
116) 0) text: Back on the sleeping Sam 1. Deep breaths. Eyelids twitchi slightly.
117) 0) text: Sam 1's eyes open slowly. He's awake. Was his dream a memory? A premonition? Or was it simply made up?
117) 1) dialog: A BLEARY Sam 1 yawns and stretches his arms over his head He reaches across the bed and rips a couple of tissues fr a box of Kleenex, blows his nose. Afterwards he checks the tissues: a thick RED GOO came ou of his nose, the color and consistency of tomato purГ©e. Yeah, gross. Sam 1 rolls out of bed, plants his feet on the ground. The base seems eerily quiet. Too quiet. Sam 1 stands and crosses to the door.
118) 0) text: Sam 1 begins to walk left, down towards the Rec Room and the Monitoring Station, but hesitates -- he turns the oth way, towards the Infirmary, heads that way instead.
119) 0) text: Lying in one of the Infirmary beds, eyes closed, a NETWOR of WIRES attached to his chest...Sam. We don't know which Sam it is yet. He is clean shaven. He looks like any one the clones down in the secret chamber; then again he coul just as easily be Sam 2. And that's what Sam 1 naturally assumes as he enters the Infirmary and sees him lying there. Sam 1 moves closer, curious, until he is standing right at the edge of the be Sam 1 reaches out his hand to wake him up when there is a voice from the doorway behind:
119) 1) dialog: Don't touch him.
119) 3) dialog: He's not conscious yet. Gerty and I only woke him up a few hours ago. Sam 1 is not even remotely on the same page.
119) 4) dialog: Why? Sam 2 puts his finger to his lips. Then:
119) 5) dialog: Come to the Rec Room. Sam 2 turns and leaves. Sam 1 follows slowly, one or two glances at the sleeping clone along the way.
120) 0) text: We cut straight to the Rec Room and the conversation between Sam 1 and Sam 2.
120) 1) dialog: When the Rescue Unit arrives they'll expect to find a body in the crashed Rover, right? (a beat)
120) 3) dialog: (points towards the Infirmary)
120) 4) text: That guy? Sam 2 nods.
120) 5) dialog: They'll expect to find a dead body in the crashed Rover.
120) 6) dialog: I know.
120) 7) dialog: (stunned)
120) 9) dialog: Someone's got to pull the short straw here, better someone who's unconscious than you or me.
120) 11) text: If we go through with this, I'm going to need your help hauling him out to the crash site. SAM 1
120) 12) text: What about us? Eliza arrives, finds you and me as the welcome party -- SAM 2
120) 13) text: They're not going to find you and me as the welcome party, they're going to find me. You're going to blast back to Earth before they get here in one of the Helium 3 containers. (a beat) You're going home. Sam 1 wasn't expecting that. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
120) 14) text: You've done your three years. I can't expect you to stick around. Maybe you can meet Eve in person. A beat. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
120) 15) text: I saw the message on the VP. Eve is beautiful. She looks like her mom. Sam 1 realizes that Sam 2 knows everything. There are no secrets between them now. They both absorb the impact of knowing Tess is dead. Finally: SAM 1
120) 16) text: How do you think she died? SAM 2
120) 17) text: I don't know. (then) Jane died of cancer. I mean, it was in the family. Who knows? Or maybe it was an accident? Could have been a million things. SAM 1
120) 20) dialog: Yeah. Me too. The two Sams sitting together, UNITED by their grief.
122) 0) text: The two Sams are testing out the CARGO CONTAINER to see i their plan is going to work and Sam 1 can actually fit inside. These containers were designed to carry cannisters of Helium 3, not to accommodate human beings. Sam 1 looks in increasingly bad shape. Blanket draped around his shoulders -- gaunt, bobbing, shivering.
122) 1) dialog: Go for it. Sam 1 hunches and slowly insinuates himself into the container -- yes, he fits, but it's tight, like really tight -- Sam 1 can anticipate one hell of a stiff neck by the time he steps out onto terra firma.
122) 2) dialog: Comfy?
122) 3) dialog: No. Sam 2 chuckles.
122) 4) dialog: But you fit. That's good. You fit. With a HEAVE Sam 2 PULLS Sam 1 from the container.
123) 0) text: Gerty is running tests on the unconscious Sam 3.
124) 0) text: Sam 2 sits at the comms unit recording the message, a smi plastered on his face, as WIDE as it is FAKE.
124) 1) dialog: Sam Bell reporting to Central. 19:14 Pacific Time. Lunar Day 14. (a beat)
124) 2) text: Evening Overmeyers, evening Thompson! According to the Old Man Rescue Unit Eliza will be here in just over three hours. Not a moment too soon! I never thought I'd say this, but I want to get out there, I want to work. I feel like a kid who's been grounded. Looking forward to Eliza straightening everything out and things getting back to normal around here. Well...that's it. I'll let you know how it goes. Over and out, gentlemen. Sam 2 sends the message, his SMILE instantly COLLAPSING. mutters under his breath:
124) 3) dialog: Bastards.
125) 0) text: Sam 1 is sitting on the edge of his bed holding the photograph of the pregnant Tess -- staring with great concentration -- almost penetrative -- like he's trying t will himself into the photograph. We find out what's running through his head, cutting to:
125) 4) dialog: Sam?
126) 0) text: Sam 2 is standing at the door. Sam 1 looks up at him.
126) 1) dialog: We need to do it. We need to do it now. He'll be conscious any minute. (a beat)
126) 2) text: We've been putting it off for long enough. Sam 1 stares back at Sam 2 with defiance.
126) 3) dialog: We don't have to do anything. I changed my mind. Sam 2 isn't following.
126) 4) dialog: I'm not going back. (a beat)
126) 6) dialog: What are you talking about? She's your daughter, man! She's not going to care what you...
126) 7) dialog: (angry)
126) 8) text: She's not! She's not... my daughter. At least, I'm not her father. Not to her. Sam 2 keeps quiet.
126) 10) text: I'll put myself in the Rover, I'll be the body -- it was me to begin with anyway, right? You go back to Earth. You go back. You're healthy. You've got three years ahead of you. You stand a much better chance than I do. The other guy....Gerty can get him up to speed...he can be here to meet Eliza when they arrive. Sam 1 seems to have it all figured out. Although Sam 2 should in some ways be relieved by Sam 1's decision, he looks closer to distraught. SAM 2
126) 11) text: This is wrong. What are we supposed to do? Sit around here and wait to die? Fuck that! SAM 1
126) 12) text: I don't know. (beat) It's what we were designed to do. Both Sams struggle to hold in their emotions; Sam 1 moros Sam 2 angry. SAM 2
126) 13) text: Screw that! I'll go! ...And I'm going to find this asshole, Sam Bell, and ask him why the hell he put us through this shit! Sam 1 looks concerned.   Sam 2 reads his mind. SAM 2 (CONT'D)
126) 14) text: I'll be careful. I'll keep Eve out of it. She wont even know I exist. Sam 1 smiles wearily, watching his old self. SAM 1
126) 15) text: You're a good guy, Sam. SAM 2
126) 18) dialog: Yeah. You should travel.     I've always wanted to do that.
126) 19) dialog: I'd like that.
126) 24) dialog: Tess came in for the interview, remember? Sam 2 is nodding away. Of course he remembers.
126) 25) dialog: She was so beautiful. Even   if she wasn't the best candidate,   I just knew I had to give her the   job. I thought she was so sweet. (a beat)
126) 27) dialog: She was going back to San Francisco.
126) 30) dialog: You knew you had to take a chance. So you called her. You were terrified and wrote that whole speech for her answer machine -- (a beat)
126) 31) text: But I didn't need it because Tess answered the phone. And I could tell in her voice as we talked, she was thinking... "Why has Sam called me?" "The internship's over, why's he called me at home?" And then I asked her if she was going to Adrian Fiddle's barbecue and... Sam 1 has dropped off to sleep. The back and forth exchan is now essentially Sam 2's monologue.
126) 32) dialog: That's when I knew she liked me. Because she didn't want to talk to anyone else! She'd get up, get some potato salad, go to the bathroom, but she'd always come back. And then we kissed. On the steps in front of her apartment building. Sam 2 finally turns and looks at Sam 1. Sam 1's head cock to one side, eyes closed. Sam 2 lifts the helmet off Sam 1's lap -- carefully lower the helmet onto Sam 1's head.
128) 0) text: Gerty is continuing to run tests on Sam 3. Sam 2 enters. carries the freighted exhaustion of a man who has just completed a long and difficult journey.
128) 1) dialog: How long before he's conscious, Gerty?
128) 3) dialog: That's good. That's very good.
128) 5) dialog: He's gone home, Gerty. Sam 2 leaves.
129) 0) text: Sam 2 is loading OXYGEN CANISTERS into the CARGO CONTAINE in preparation for his trip back to Earth. Sam 2 working FAST, a sense of URGENCY. Eliza will be the in a mere 90 minutes! It's coming down to the wire. Gerty glides in as he works.
129) 2) dialog: What? Why not?                                         
129) 6) dialog: So that's what we're going to have to do. (beat)                                             
129) 9) dialog: Sure, just let me finish this. Sam 2 continues his work.
130) 0) text: Sam 3 asleep in bed, very close to consciousness.
131) 0) text: Sam 2 stands before Gerty.
131) 1) dialog: I've set your computer to reboot the second I've blasted off.
131) 3) dialog: Thanks for all your help, Gerty. I wish I could say I was going to miss you, buddy, but to be honest, I can't wait to get away from here.
131) 5) dialog: Thanks. Are you sure you're                             going to be ok?
131) 7) dialog: Gerty, I'm not programmed.
133) 0) text: Sam 2 pauses at the window...looking for Eliza. The Rescu Unit is so close Sam 2 might actually be able to pick out their spacecraft. And he can! It's tiny, but nevertheless it's there -- a metallic spacecraft, glinting like a jewel -- and heading steadily towards the Moon. There isn't a moment to lose. Sam 2 swings around, heads for the CARGO CONTAINER. We remain inside the Monitoring Station as Sam 2 climbs inside the Cargo Container He readies himself. Says a little prayer and... he cant do it! Cursing at himself an glancing at the time ticking away before Eliza lands, he jumps back out of the CARGO CONTAINER and runs back into the base.
134) 0) text: Sam 2 sits down before the Old Man. Eliza's imminent arrival causing increased STRESS and TENSION. Sam 2 takes out the piece of paper on which the COORDINAT of the Jammers are printed out. He starts to frantically type, altering the PATH of the HARVESTERS.
136) 0) text: Back on Sam 2 as he RAPIDLY types, makes an error, scream
136) 1) dialog: Fuck!
139) 0) text: Gerty sits lifeless. We hear the sounds of pressure doors opening. Unrecognize voices as the landing crew enters the base, calling for Sam. Gerty comes to life. His principal monitor POPS ON and his pincer-like HANDS begin to TWITCH. His READOUT SCREEN streams with DATA. Gerty's head begins to swivel left and right -- as if he' awoken with a stiff neck -- eventually he SEES Sam 3, crosses to him. Just like that, Gerty continues his routine checks of Sam -- studying Sam 3's heartbeat, his brain activity -- the robot literally picking up where he left off. And then Sam 3's eyes open. He is awake. He blinks at Gerty, cloudy, groggy.
139) 1) dialog: Where am I?
139) 4) dialog: No, Gerty. (a beat)                                              
142) 0) text: Sam 2 is seriously cramped inside one of the Helium 3 containers, about as comfortable as a pony in a dog kenne but nonetheless WHOOPING RAUCOUSLY at the sheer velocity the container -- as well as, and perhaps even more so, th fact that he has successfully escaped the base. He's going home.