11) 5) text: Tess is a far cry from the stereotypical Astronaut's Wife of the 1960's/70's with the plastic smile and beehive hairdo. Tess is modern, sophisticated, and jaw-droppingly beautiful. She looks like she'd be a hard woman to leave behind. Note: In the photograph Tess is visibly PREGNANT.
26) 12) text: Tess isn't responding to things. GERTY
26) 13) text: Tess isn't responding to things?
26) 18) text: Tess never said anything about it. Three messages she's sent me since...and she's never once mentioned the vacation. GERTY
26) 21) text: Perhaps Tess didn't receive the message? SAM
34) 0) text: Sam sitting before the monitor. He hits the "PLAY" button begins watching the message. ON THE MONITOR: Tess is sitting in a living room talking Sam. Tess has a sweet voice, she sounds grounded, like she's got a head on her shoulders.
34) 1) dialog: Hi Sam. It's me. How are you? (a beat)
34) 3) text: Hey, someone's got something to say. A WOMAN, possibly a nanny or some form of hired help, swings a LITTLE GIRL into Tess's arms. This is EVE, Sam a Tess's daughter.
34) 4) dialog: Eve, it's daddy. What did you want to say to him? Eve just stares. Tess whispers to her ("Remember what we practiced", etc.) Finally Eve attempts:
34) 6) dialog: Who's an astronaut? (encouraging)
34) 10) dialog: That's right, daddy's an astronaut. Clever girl! Eve fidgets, rubs her nose, distracted.
34) 11) dialog: She's shy. Uh, Cathy, could you...? The Maid steps in, hoists Eve away. Tess waits until they're out of earshot.
34) 12) dialog: It's her birthday next month. I thought we'd get her a play house for the garden. We could even pick it out together. A pause. Tess just stares into the camera. She is hundred and thousands of miles away, but for a second it feels li she's right there in the Comms Room with Sam. It's intimate. She finally shakes her head, self-conscious, shy.
34) 13) dialog: God, I hate these things. Sam, I love you. I'm thinking of you always. I can't wait to see you, sweetheart. Okay. Bye. And the message ends. ON SAM: smiling, on the brink of tears.
64) 0) text: Sam is seated at the Comms Unit watching a message from Tess. We assume this is an old message since Tess is heavily PREGNANT. Her slender hands are spread over her prodigious belly as she beams at the camera.
64) 1) dialog: He's kicking...or she's kicking. I'm certain he's a boy. I wish you could feel it. (a beat, shifting)
64) 3) text: Well listen, I love you lots -- and we'll talk soon, okay? Bye Sam. A POP and Tess is gone -- the monitor filled with STATIC. Sam sits staring into space. Tess' message seems to have agitated him.
82) 5) text: Uh-huh. You know Fairfield? (also pointing) That's the Baskin&amp;Robbins. And there's Tess and Eve. Do you know Tess? The mention of their wife has stopped the conversation in its tracks. Sam 2 immediately drops into deep melancholy. SAM 2
82) 6) text: Yes.   I know Tess. SAM 1
92) 12) text: He flies off the handle. I see it now...I see what Tess was talking about. (a beat) I've never told you this, Gerty, but she left me. Tess left me. For six months. She moved back in with her parents.
92) 18) text: Gerty, since I've been up here I've sent Tess over a hundred video messages. Where did those messages go? Did they ever reach her? A pause. GERTY
93) 0) text: Sam 1 enters the sleeping quarters -- straightens the bed and lies down. He picks up the picture of the pregnant TESS, stares at it long and hard.
106) 9) text: I'm trying to reach Tess Bell. The girl's expression shifts -- now somewhere between melancholy and curiosity -- GIRL
106) 12) text: Tess Bell? Are you sure? GIRL
106) 13) text: Uh, yeah, I think so. I'm her daughter. (then) Can I help you? And astonishingly, the news of Tess's death actually take a back seat as Sam 1 is forced to confront this new revelation. The girl is EVE BELL. Sam 1 is talking to his DAUGHTER. Sam 1 tilts his head, a smile twitches on his face. SAM 1
120) 15) text: I saw the message on the VP. Eve is beautiful. She looks like her mom. Sam 1 realizes that Sam 2 knows everything. There are no secrets between them now. They both absorb the impact of knowing Tess is dead. Finally: SAM 1
125) 0) text: Sam 1 is sitting on the edge of his bed holding the photograph of the pregnant Tess -- staring with great concentration -- almost penetrative -- like he's trying t will himself into the photograph. We find out what's running through his head, cutting to:
125) 3) dialog: Come on! Suddenly we hear a voice.
126) 31) text: But I didn't need it because Tess answered the phone. And I could tell in her voice as we talked, she was thinking... "Why has Sam called me?" "The internship's over, why's he called me at home?" And then I asked her if she was going to Adrian Fiddle's barbecue and... Sam 1 has dropped off to sleep. The back and forth exchan is now essentially Sam 2's monologue.
130) 5) dialog: Come on, Sam! Sam Bell! Come on! Sam begins to walk towards Tess.
142) 4) dialog: What took you so long? Sam just smiles back at her. She hands him a bottle of wi and a corkscrew. CAMERA PANS UPWARD -- not a cloud in sight -- but we are just able to pick out the chalky outline of the MOON, resembling a white thumb print in the blue sky.