24) 2) text: Overmeyers, Thompson? It's Sam. How goes it? I've got a full container of Helium3 ready to roll. The purity is pretty good, so assuming your last market prices are still relevant I think you are looking at getting about 3 million dollars per kilo with this load. By the time this message reaches you it should be in transit. (a beat)
30) 0) text: Sam sits at the comms unit watching a message from his superiors, OVERMEYERS and THOMPSON, a purposeful looking woman in charge and her earnest second. The two talk RAPIDLY and trade off like a tag team. At times their tone can be almost bizarrely whimsical. Overmeyers and Thompson seem to have known Sam for a whil but even so, there is a practised casualness to the repartee. It's a professional friendliness on Overmeyers part, no more and for Thompson it's merely an eagerness t be involved.
30) 2) dialog: According to Albatross 90 it should be landing off the California Coast within the next three days.
30) 4) dialog: Sam, those solar storms did a lot more damage than initially thought --
30) 6) dialog: And what with the Jupiter Program hemorrhaging money -- Sam curses to himself.
30) 8) dialog: Even the coffee machine down in the Hub has been broken since I don't know when --
30) 11) dialog: We're hoping to get the live feed up and running by the Fall. The good news is you'll be home by then, Sam.
51) 0) text: Gerty is installed at the Comms Unit. Thompson and Overmeyers are on the screen. The moment Gerty sees Sam he shuts off the monitor and th screen fizzes to black, Thompson and Overmeyers vanishing Strange: Gerty appeared to have a live feed.
61) 0) text: Sam and Gerty are seated at the Comms Unit watching a vid message from Central. Sam is holding a carved HOUSE, examining it as he listens to the video. The familiar faces of Overmeyers and Thompson on the screen, shoulder to shoulder, the two looking more like vultures right now than lizards.
61) 1) dialog: Sam, we appreciate the offer, but you concentrate on feeling better.
61) 6) dialog: You're to stay put, understand?
61) 8) dialog: It's an order, Sam. From Lunar. Stay put.
83) 0) text: Sam 1 and Sam 2 seated before the Comms Unit. Sam 1 hits the "Play" button. Overmeyers and Thompson appear on the screen.
83) 2) dialog: How's our Man? Feeling better?
83) 4) dialog: Yeah, you resting up, Sam? You'd better be you bastard.
83) 6) dialog: The Jupiter Program had to be put on hiatus, so we've got a few free pairs of hands --
83) 8) dialog: Rescue Unit Eliza. A SHOT/STILL PHOTO of Rescue Unit ELIZA. A meaner group o sons-of-bitches you have never seen. These guys make the rescue team from Apocalypse Now look like The New Kids on the Block.
83) 10) text: They've been stationed on Goliath 19 for the last couple of months. THOMPSON (O.S.)
83) 12) text: Commence to jump for joy! THOMPSON (O.S.)
83) 13) text: You'll be back to work in no time. Now back on Overmeyers and Thompson. OVERMEYERS
83) 15) dialog: A hooker! OVERMEYERS
83) 16) text: No not a hooker. What's wrong with you? It's a little something to drink, Sam, that's all, our way of patting you on the back for all that you've been through. THOMPSON
83) 18) text: Yeah you hang in there, Sam. Over and out. And the screen pops to black. A pause. For a moment there is silence, neither of the Sams knowin how to react -- going by the message Thompson and Overmeyers don't know anything about there being two Sams on the base now. SAM 1
94) 24) text: It was a back and forth exchange. And I saw Thompson and Overmeyers up on the monitor. I was supposed to be asleep in the Infirmary. The moment I walked into the comms room Gerty terminated the transmission. Now I was a little drugged up, granted, but I didn't imagine it. SAM 1
124) 2) text: Evening Overmeyers, evening Thompson! According to the Old Man Rescue Unit Eliza will be here in just over three hours. Not a moment too soon! I never thought I'd say this, but I want to get out there, I want to work. I feel like a kid who's been grounded. Looking forward to Eliza straightening everything out and things getting back to normal around here. Well...that's it. I'll let you know how it goes. Over and out, gentlemen. Sam 2 sends the message, his SMILE instantly COLLAPSING. mutters under his breath: