16) 0) text: Robbie is sitting at the kitchen table of this small hous He has taken off his jacket and loosened his tie. His sis Kate is there and her husband, Andy, Lawrence and some of band members. Several nieces and nephews, including Todd, are chasing e other around the house. (CONTINUED)
16) 3) dialog: You have to let it out, Robbie.
16) 12) dialog: Thank you, Dr. Limo.
16) 17) dialog: Hey, check out the cake! Everyone turns to look at the wedding cake, which is on t counter.
16) 18) dialog: There's just a little groom on top! Sure enough, at the top of the cake, where the miniature bride and groom usually are, the groom stands alone.
16) 19) dialog: That's funny. Who did that?
27) 0) text: Todd and Petey immediately pounce on Robbie. Andy, also i evening clothes, calls them off.
27) 1) dialog: Hey! Kids! Take it easy on Uncle Robbie! The kids back off. Andy throws an arm around Robbie.
27) 2) dialog: Let me talk to you for a second, Rob... Andy leads Robbie into the living room.
27) 3) dialog: I've been thinking about what happened to you and let me tell you, it's all for the best. I mean, you're in love and everything, but love wears off, believe me. Me and your sister, I mean, it used to be wild. She was very... adventurous. We got into some crazy shit. Embarrassed, Robbie's gaze drifts to the family pictures arranged on the mantle.
27) 4) dialog: But now, it's like, the thrill is gone. When we do get a second alone together, we usually sleep. Robbie is looking at an old picture of himself and Kate playing together in a sandbox.
27) 5) dialog: We never have relations anymore. If it's a special occasion, you know, she may, uh... pleasure me with her mouth... And you know when she does it she can also do this thing with my nipples, I have this thing about my nipples, I could be no where near coming and do a nipple thing to me and BAM! Robbie hustles Andy towards the front door. (CONTINUED)
57) 7) dialog: Oh yeh, don't stop please, right like that... Robbie looks up at his wall calendar. The date is circled it says, "ANDY'S BIRTHDAY."
57) 8) dialog: Oh Jesus, my nipples, my nipples, do my nipples... Robbie goes mad from the noise and grabs his earphones to stop the familial sex.