10) 0) text: Angie, Julia's mother, drives up with Julia dropping her for work. Angie is about 48, attractive, but bitter. Life not treated her that well. The car pulls up to the entrance where there is an easel photographs of Linda and Robbie announcing that this is t location of their wedding. Angie looks at the pictures.
10) 2) dialog: (interrupting) Look at the picture of that girl. See that? You're alot prettier than that girl and here she's getting married and you're still single. It's disgusting.
10) 4) dialog: (interrupting) Julia, you're not getting any younger. You need to find a man before your looks start to fade and your selection of mates becomes more limited. (CONTINUED)
10) 8) dialog: That's part of my point. If I married at twenty six I could've found a better guy than your father who wouldn't have left me. Why not marry Glen? He's good looking, got a steady job with income, he's charming.
10) 10) dialog: (interrupting) Then call him. Get down off your proud high horse and let him know you care.
10) 12) dialog: That was in my day. Your generation is alot more androgynous. Females are more manly and males are more feminine. Look at that boy Scott you went out with. Julia leans over and kisses her.
10) 14) dialog: (calls) Call him, Julia. You'll see I'm right.
25) 0) text: The backyard around the pool is laced with Chinese lanter and filled with round tables with flowers and silverware and crystal. Well dressed people of all ages chat here and th drinks in hand, smoking. We see Glen with his male friend smoking cigars, some children run screaming around the po Julia is surrounded by her friends Angie, Holly and assor others. (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: (inspecting the ring) Almost an entire carrot. No flaws.
25) 6) dialog: Reset.
25) 11) dialog: In a church they haven't decided yet. But one in which the words 'Jesus” and "Christ" are both mentioned frequently.
25) 62) dialog: (calls) Julia...!
33) 0) text: Robbie is sitting with Angie, Holly and Lawrence in a lar fitting room. Julia comes out wearing a wedding dress. Everyone reacts. Robbie looks a little uncomfortable, but surviving. The wedding dress gets a mixed response. She returns to the dressing room to try on another dress.
36) 0) text: Our group is sampling different foods and checking out various menus. The man in charge is literally feeding Jul and talking her through her tasting experience as though were a child. Lawrence and Robbie begin to mimic him behi his back and are almost caught. Holly laughs uproariously Angie attempts to look haughty and dignified. Julia final selects something resembling prime rib, sauteed chicken, and vegetables. The man in charge bows to Julia.
37) 0) text: Angie is in her car. Lawrence, Holly, Julia and Robbie ta to her from the sidewalk.
37) 2) dialog: No, no... you kids run along, tonight is the night we find out who shot J.R.. I can't miss that.
37) 4) dialog: All the main things anyway, dear...I'll talk to you tomorrow. It's been nice meeting you boys. You'll make great catches when you're not so immature. You could also find more work with more upward mobility. Well, I'm off. Night all. Talk to you soon. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: Holly and Angie in their wedding party best. Both wear sh satin low cut dresses with long strands of pearls. Julia sits across from Robbie. They steal a look at one another then flush and look away. Lawrence notices this.