11) 6) dialog: (interrupts) Robbie?
11) 8) dialog: Hi, Robbie. I just got off the phone with Linda's mom. She's not in her room, but... there was a note.
11) 10) dialog: The note basically indicated that Linda was... not going to be coming today. Slowly, Robbie stops smiling. (CONTINUED)
11) 14) dialog: I'm so sorry honey, you want me to say something?
13) 0) text: All the wedding guests are murmuring to one another in confusion. Kate and the Justice of the Peace stand at the podium talking.
15) 0) text: The confusion continues, we hear a large crash from the s room. Everyone becomes silent. Robbie enters the main roo He looks awful. Kate goes up to the mic and clears her throat.
15) 1) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen I have an announcement to make...
16) 0) text: Robbie is sitting at the kitchen table of this small hous He has taken off his jacket and loosened his tie. His sis Kate is there and her husband, Andy, Lawrence and some of band members. Several nieces and nephews, including Todd, are chasing e other around the house. (CONTINUED)
16) 10) dialog: He was like this after we lost our parents in the car crash. But then once he got to high school and started dating, he opened up again.
16) 16) dialog: Hey, he'll bounce back. The guy's a born romantic.
26) 0) text: Robbie is walking up the front walk. Kate comes out the front door, dressed in evening clothes.
26) 1) dialog: Oh good, you're here. (yelling behind her) Robbie's here! Let's move it! {to Robbie) Now the kids have been fed, but if they want snacks, there's ice pops in the freezer or you can make microwave popcorn. We'll only be a few hours.
26) 3) dialog: So how you doing, kid?
26) 5) dialog: (over her shoulder) C'mon Andy! Get your ass in gear! (to Robbie) You know, you're going to look back on this and be thankful. I know you were in kind of a hurry to have a family of your own. But marriage isn't all it's cracked up to be. It's a lot of sacrifice, a lot of conflict, a lot of needless pain. You dodged a bullet, little brother. Kate walks toward her car. Robbie turns and enters the house. 4s.