9) 0) text: Robbie saunters up the sidewalk, eager to see his bride. Music can be heard comming from the house. Robbie crosses the front door and knocks. Linda opens the door in her wedding dress.
9) 1) dialog: What are you doing here? (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: (interrupts) Don't you know that it's illegal to see the bride the night before the wedding.
9) 7) dialog: (interrupts) Don't tell me what I mean. I know the bride rules and you know the groom stuff okay?
9) 9) dialog: I don't care what you think at this particular moment. I've thought about you enough to the point of marrying you. Isn't that enough? Jesus, you're a bottomless pit... I don't want to take any risks. So, if you don't mind, GO AWAY. Good night. Closing the door. Robbie stops the door from closing. He looks stricken.
9) 10) dialog: Look, I'm sorry I'm on edge. This bad luck stuff makes me nervous, okay?
9) 12) dialog: (patient) Yeah, but she's never in her wedding Gress. So, if you don't mind I'll see you tomorrow. She closes the door on him. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: Angie, Julia's mother, drives up with Julia dropping her for work. Angie is about 48, attractive, but bitter. Life not treated her that well. The car pulls up to the entrance where there is an easel photographs of Linda and Robbie announcing that this is t location of their wedding. Angie looks at the pictures.
17) 0) text: Robbie is sitting alone on the porch. A convertible drivi by is blaring "Bringin' On The Heartbreak" by Def Leppard Robbie's staring at something hidden in his cupped hand. It's the tiny bride. LINDA appears in the driveway. She is wearing jeans and a sweater. She walks up the drive and stands in front of Robbie.
17) 2) dialog: Look, this is for the best. You know why? Robbie doesn't respond.
17) 3) dialog: Because, I'm not really in love with “Robbie Now," I'm in love with "Robbie Six Years Ago". The Robbie I knew back in high school, the Robbie who was going to be a rock star. I want to be Mrs. David Lee Roth, not Mrs. Local this. Robbie can't believe this. (CONTINUED)
17) 6) dialog: (interrupting) Whatever. The point is, Robbie, I woke up this morning and realized... My God, we're never going to leave Arlington!
17) 8) dialog: Oh, are you making great music, Robbie? Where is it? JI haven't seen it. All I've seen is a garbage can full of crumpled-up sheet music. stung.
17) 10) dialog: Oh, yeah, what are we going to do? Raise kids in your sister's basement? And I'll spend weekends there alone while you're eff doing wedding gigs at sixty bucks a pop.
17) 12) dialog: Whatever. Robbie, stung, thinks about this.
17) 16) dialog: Well, I guess. But how can you worry about that stuff when you're just scrapping by, without a pot to piss in.
17) 18) dialog: (cutting him off) Look, Robbie, I have to go. Sorry about all of this. Take care. Linda walks off.
66) 0) text: We see Linda sitting looking very dolled up, waiting for Robbie no matter how long it takes. She checks her watch (CONTINUED)
66) 10) dialog: And you're usually a sober person not a drunk one. See? People can change. I want to come back. We can have everything we always wanted, but better.
66) 12) dialog: I'm here to make things better Robbie. Look, I know I've acted badly, but I was afraid. And I know you, I know how good you are. You'll forgive me. She's touches his face gently. As soon as she does this h starts to purr, slowly passing out.
66) 13) dialog: You'll be all right baby, everything's all right. Linda's back, Linda and Robbie are back together again. (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Julia comes down the hall and finds herself in front of Robbie's door. The moment has arrived. She collects herse takes a deep breath and knocks. After a minute Linda answ the door wearing Robbie's football jersey with almost not on underneath.
68) 1) dialog: May I help you?
68) 3) dialog: Yes?
68) 5) dialog: Yes. As a matter of fact I am. Linda Lerner. And you are?
68) 7) dialog: I'm afraid he's indisposed. (smiles, whispers) Shower.
68) 9) dialog: (interrupts) Wanted to what? The two women look at one another. (CONTINUED)
68) 13) dialog: I surely will. Julia.
68) 15) dialog: {closing the door) No problem.
69) 0) text: Robbie is passed out on the bed in his shorts. There are scrambled eggs over at the stove. Linda has obviously mad herself at home. Robbie stirs hearing the sound of the door close.
69) 2) dialog: Wrong apartment. Looking for your sister I think.
69) 4) dialog: That's me. I've scrambled your eggs just the way you like them. Robbie sits up in bed, struggling against the sunlight. h has a slightly blackened eye. He does not look well.
69) 9) dialog: Why don't we talk about this when you're feeling better.
69) 11) dialog: But...
69) 13) dialog: You don't mean it.
70) 0) text: Linda is shoved out of Robbie's apartment clothed, regain her balance.
70) 1) dialog: Thank God we didn't marry Robbie Hart. Because you sir aren't who I thought you were,