6) 0) text: Robbie is playing the piano while teaching a singing less to a 70 YEAR OLD WOMAN named ROSIE. (CONTINUED)
6) 3) dialog: (continuing, quivering voice)
6) 7) dialog: You think so. Keep in mind this is for my 50th wedding anniversary so it has to be special.
6) 9) dialog: The secret is no matter how mad you get at your spouse you can't leave.
6) 11) dialog: That's a big one Robert.
6) 13) dialog: Cause at some point people really can Grive you crazy, but if you stay till after that, it really gets good.
6) 15) dialog: Really... And then it gets bad again. But after awhile it's no big deal. Acceptance that's the whole trick when people drive you crazy. I mean they can really irritate you, believe me. They sometimes just hang around, they have smells that aren't pleasant, nothing's good enough...
6) 20) dialog: Sure I do. I'm coming you silly boy. You must be very happy. I was so thrilled 1 got a rash.
6) 22) dialog: You are a dear boy... Now I'll go get your meatballs. She goes to the kitchen and brings out a covered dish. Ro looks at it in disguised horror. He is however, as usual, extremely polite.
6) 24) dialog: Come, come... you must eat them to be strong for tomorrow.
6) 26) dialog: (interrupting) Open the hanger... In the mouth they go... Chewy airplanes, spicy, spicy meatballs.
6) 29) dialog: No ifs ands or butts about it young man, you're going to eat this food just like always. Or I'll really give you gas. Robbie eats his first bite. It's horrible, he pretends to love it. (CONTINUED)
6) 33) dialog: Isn't it wonderful. That's the tripe and the sour cream I think. There is a knock at the door. Robbie looks relieved.
6) 34) dialog: (crossing to door) Who could that be? She opens the door. It's Jimmy, Timmy, and the limo drive Lawrence.
6) 37) dialog: Would you young men care for some meatballs? . Lawrence almost says yes until he sees Robbie's face.
6) 40) dialog: You sure you don't want to take the food with you?
6) 42) dialog: Bye! You groovy groomba!
25) 18) dialog: That's certainly one of the things to prize in a woman. When I chose my wife Marianne, I chose her for her kindness, her respect and love for me and her beauty. One can't deny a desire for attractive children. They have an easier way in the world. Right, my boy?
44) 2) dialog: A little closer to the trunk would be perfect dear boy. Summer's comming, we'll need all the shade we can get. I'm thinking of getting a bird bath again.
44) 4) dialog: You're seeming better. Not so gloomy. Might I ask... are you seeing someone again?
44) 8) dialog: Oh, you will dear boy, this is what I figured out about love. I find it's not what you feel about the other person, it's how you feel about yourself when you're with them.
44) 10) dialog: Thank you child. I can't really claim it myself. I heard it on National Public Radio. My Aunt always said to look for a man with big hands. You know, big hands. But that doesn't help you, does it?
44) 12) dialog: Very odd woman my Aunt. Used to make odd frog like sounds when she made whoope. Made the neighbors awfully nervous, I must say. Good cook though.
46) 0) text: Robbie is helping Rosie place her bird bath in the back y
46) 1) dialog: No, no... place it more over there. That's where the birds will come. They'll see it from thé tree and they'll be so hot it'll beckon to them. “Come here little birdie, have a dip." (CONTINUED)
46) 4) dialog: (continuing) Well, look what we have here Robert. An angel at the bottom of my garden. Have you come to use my bird bath dear? I'm afraid there's no water in it yet.
46) 7) dialog: Well, no wonder you've been in a good mood lately.
46) 9) dialog: She's an angel. Why she's exactly what I envisioned for you. Two souls, not two people... two souls.
46) 12) dialog: No, no that's not right. I'm old enough to know the real thing when I see it. I've forgotten alot of other things, but there's no mistaking this.
46) 14) dialog: He's yours sweetheart. Talk to him all you want. I'll go think about other things that birds might say upon seeing this lovely bath. (CONTINUED)
59) 0) text: Julia comes up the walk carrying music paper. She hears Rosie's singing an improved wobbly rendition of "If I Lov You".
59) 1) dialog: (continuing, singing)
59) 5) dialog: (interrupts) Surely I remember you. Surely my dear. You're lovely Roberts friend. His true love.
59) 7) dialog: Oh no, angel. Robert has given up teaching. He's gone to try his hand as writing jingles in the big city. (CONTINUED)
59) 11) dialog: Oh, now dear it's completely understandable isn't it? He wants to make a living, hit it big as they say. You know, live in a big house with wide windows and... lamps. You can't expect him to live forever with his sister and the deviant sex that goes on there.
59) 13) dialog: You do. He's the one for you. You can't fool an old woman. You can trip her and make faces behind her back, but you can't fool her. So stop fooling yourself and move quickly. Bye bye.
72) 0) text: It is Rosie and Frank's 50th wedding anniversary. All the geriatric friends, children and grandchildren smile and s to Rosie's rendition of "If I Loved You". There are tears many guests eyes, including Frank. Robbie watches proudly from one side. Rosie stands center stage, Frank on her left, Robbie on h extreme right playing gently on the guitar. Rosie sings a well as we've heard her, with much warmth and confidence.
72) 1) dialog: (continuing, singing)
72) 6) dialog: As alot of you know that song was playing when I met Frank, who was dating my cousin at the time. If I loved him? Oh, I was mad about the boy. Too bad for Maxine, but she turned out to be a lesbian anyway... I think she's here tonight... (she waves) Hi Maxine! Agnes! Anyway, not to hog the mic anymore, I wanted to ask my singing teacher Mr. Robert Hart, without whom none of this, my singing, would be possible. (CONTINUED)
72) 9) dialog: (continuing) I wanted to see if he would play that special song he does so well by Mr. Al Green. Would you do it for us Robbie? Please? Robbie looks reluctant, but Rosie and the audience cheer on til' he arrives at the mic. Rosie embraces him.
72) 10) dialog: Shake a tail feather, Mr. Hart. The band begins to play, Robbie begins to sing.
74) 9) dialog: I'm saying if you don't do it you'll spend half your life wonderin' what woulda happened if you did. Robbie looks at her in disbelief.
74) 11) dialog: I said thank you dear boy, you're my favorite human being. ROBBIE . Rosie, would you excuse me, please? I just remembered something of extreme urgency I have to do.
74) 12) dialog: (smiles) Give her my love. Robbie hugs her quickly.