0) 0) text: A working class neighborhood in the heart of Far Rockaway Broken down stoops adorn each home while CAR ALARMS and SHOUTING can be heard in the distance as the hard SQUABBL LOCALS go about their morning routine.
1) 0) text: LUKE MURRAY, 21, lies in bed, dead to the world, even as late morning sun fights its way in. Suddenly his SIDEKICK vibrates to life. He slowly starts to stir as the sidekick works its way of the desk and CRASHES to the floor with a THUNK. That does the trick... Luke starts to come to. On the surface he appears good-looking, even handsome; but behin his intense, blue eyes one can see the residual grit of bygone pain. He sits up and blearily rubs away the sleep when he notic his alarm clock. Adrenaline hits him in waves. He leaps out of the sheets and slings on a pair of jeans, racing out of the room...
2) 0) text: ++. pulling on a shirt as he goes but in his haste he missteps and tumbles forward, crashing downwards, coming stop on the landing below. He springs up and makes a b-line for the door when he sto dead in his tracks, remembering. He turns back around... INT. LUKE’S ROOM ++. and tears through his sock drawer until he finds what he’s looking for. It’s a small jewelry box. He quickly pockets it and takes off...
3) 0) text: «+. weaving through the HUSTLE and BUSTLE of the morning commute as... °
3) 1) text: +++ PEOPLE funnel onto the closing doors of the “A” train
4) 0) text: ++. The CONDUCTOR yanks hard on the emergency BRAKE -- th SCREECHING HOWL OF METAL ON METAL -- as SPARKS FLY and SM BILLOWS -- but the train is moving too fast -- 3. -- Luke sees it BARRELING towards him. ONLOOKERS hold the breath, others turn away as -- -- Luke makes a split second decision. He pushes the woma into a foot-deep trough between the tracks, covering her his body as -- -- The SCREECHING TRAIN runs over them. The crowd looks o aghast as the train slowly comes to a halt.
5) 0) text: Luke, haggard and dirtied, rushes toward a lecture hall w the doors swing open and STUDENTS file out.
5) 7) text: But professor I -- Professor Selby waves it off as he walks away.
6) 0) text: Luke and Sophia make their way along.
6) 11) text: Happy anniversary. She opens it and finds a GOLDEN CLADDAGH RING.
7) 0) text: The organized chaos of the SOUTH STREET SEAPORT begins it daily grind. Forklifts whiz back and forth and truckers upload their cargo as a FOREMAN makes his way over to Luk
8) 0) text: Luke crashes onto the seat and leans against the window, eyeing the bright lights of the metropolis as...
10) 0) text: Luke hustles down the platform stairs and makes his way.. EXT. ST. MICHAEL’S CEMETERY - CONT. ++. to an OLD GOTHIC CEMETERY, knowingly weaving through various. tombstones, before stopping in front of a grave. stares at it for a long moment.
11) 14) text: Hey, your LSAT score came in.
11) 25) text: (reading) Rejoice and fear, your lives rest in my hands... Luke grins as he reads the rules when suddenly the newsca grabs his attention. ON TV: OFFICERS, guns drawn, stand poised behind their CRUISERS as a REPORTER files an update.
12) 0) text: Luke splashes water on his face and... INT. LUKE’S ROOM ++. re-enters brushing his teeth. He glances at the newscast. The COPS can’t return fire and stand there helplessly. LUKE shakes his head and returns to the bathroom when...
13) 0) text: Sophia glances at her watch as Luke hurriedly joins her.
14) 0) text: «+. Luke notices Tocher’s mug shot on the papers that ado newsstand.
15) 0) text: Luke throws down his bookbag and moves to his desk when.. notices the Death Note in the waste basket. He pulls it out, flips it open and looks at the name he w -- Mark Tocher. It has to be a coincidence. Luke thinks for a moment, flips through the DEATH NOTE, reverting back to the “Laws of the Death Note Page.”
16) 0) text: Luke and Sophia walk along.
17) 0) text: Capt. Murray makes Sarah dinner as Luke enters. He pauses moment before he approaches his father.
18) 0) text: Luke takes a breath before approaching the GUARD manning cage.
19) 0) text: Luke combs through two banker boxes, reading through vari reports and interviews. INSERT TEXT: ...armed robbery... escalated to felony murder... female victim, LINDA MURRAY, pronounced dead at scene... .44 caliber weapon used... Luke grows more and more angry as he goes through the _ Materials. He finds a tape labeled “security footage.” He stops, thinks for a moment before decidingly putting t tape into a VCR, bracing himself. 19. ON SCREEN: Grainy, fast-motion video of -- -- A MASKED GUNMAN barging into a Korean grocery store an sticking a gun in the CASHIER’S face. The cashier cowers back as the gunman rips open the regis and empties it when -- -- the cashier notices MRS. MURRAY as she tries to hide a YOUNG LUKE behind an aisle. The gunman catches his eye-line, turns to Mrs. Murray and yells at her. The Cashier tries to take advantage, reaching for a gun u the counter but the gunman is too quick -- -- he turns back -- blows away the Cashier and empties hi gun on Mrs. Murray as he races away. Young Luke rushes to his dying mother’s side. Horror fill his face as he cries out for help.
20) 0) text: Luke crashes onto a bench and sighs deeply when suddenly several cruisers come to a SCREECHING halt. COPS rush out, hurriedly leading a startled TEENAGE ASIAN GIRL inside. A sense of urgency fills the air.
21) 0) text: Luke enters as the girl is led into a room. He notices bl spatter on her cheek as she begins to shake. More PATROL MEN bristle about as Luke moves to his father side, where he’s being debriefed by DT. GOEMMANS (Caucasi and Dt. WASHINGTON (African American).
22) 0) text: Luke walks down the steps when suddenly OFFICERS race pas him, their radios crackling.
23) 0) text: Luke nimbly ZIPS in and out of traffic, blowing past cars trying to keep up as the BLUE AND WHITES rip through the city, SIRENS BLARING.
24) 0) text: A cruiser rounds a corner, Luke tailing it, when the DRIV a YOUNG OFFICER, spots Tibbs and Rodriguez (wielding .45’ weaving their way through a CROWD. The Young Officer tries to cut the perps off, coming at t head-on with his cruiser... but the perps spot him. LEAD fills the air as they OPEN FIRE on the cruiser. PEOPLE SCREAM and RUSH for cover. A WOMAN falls to the ground, SHRIEKING in pain as a ROUND rips through her leg while ANOTHER CIVILIAN takes two to the chest and crashes down in a heap. The gunmen charge forward, FIRING away. Only the Young Officer stands in their way. 22. He tries to return fire behind the riddled cruiser but he badly out gunned. Luke realizes that if he doesn’t act fa the officer is done for. He hurriedly takes out the Death Note and writes the perp names as SHARDS OF GLASS and SHRAPNEL rain down on the Yo Officer. He’s as good as dead, when suddenly... ++. one of the perps topples over, falling like a tree. Seconds later the other perp suffers the same fate. Just like that. the scene goes dead almost as fast as it erupted. Several officers race over to the fallen perps, guns poised... only to discover the perps are dead and ha no wounds. The Young Officer rises up and looks at them. Something h just happened but no one knows what. INT. LUKE’S ROOM - LATER Luke enters and tries to collect himself but he struggles keep his emotions at bay. He moves to his desk and sweeps everything off of it, let it all out, papers flying everywhere. A newspaper lands at his feet. He notices the picture of WANTED FUGITIVE draped across the cover and kicks the dai rag across the room.
26) 0) text: -.. Dt. Goemmans and Washington watch a newscast about th mysterious nature of Tibbs and Rodriguez’s deaths; it’s c the story is capturing the public’s fascination.
27) 0) text: The Mayor holds court before a bevy of reporters as Luke, wearing the orange shirt, stands stoically at his side.
28) 0) text: Luke eyes the Gurtsky brothers through the window of thei apartment. He takes a deep breath and steadies his resolv before dialing a nearby pay phone. INT. APARTMENT - TENEMENT BUILDING - CONT. Brett picks up the phone as Rick lazily watches TV.
31) 0) text: Luke hangs up the phone and leans up against a wall, chal full of emotion as he looks down at the Death Note. He ta a quick moment to try and collect himself before taking o INT. LUKE’S ROOM Luke enters, breathing heavily. He can’t believe he actua did it. He looks at the book once more as... INT. CORONER’S OFFICE - DAY ++. Capt. Murray, Dt. Goemmans and Dt. Washington eye Ric Gurtsky’s body.
33) 0) text: ... Luke flips through a phone book, settling in on a lis of pawn shops. He rips out the page and cross references with a print out from YAHOO YELLOW PAGES, making sure no store slips through the cracks.
34) 0) text: Sophia studies on a couch as Luke enters.
35) 0) text: Luke leads Sophia to the back of the room as they take a in front of a computer.
36) 0) text: ++. Capt. Murray, Goemmans and Washington walk along. 34.
37) 10) dialog: I apologize for the cloak and dagger routine but as you know I prefer to remain anonymous. Goemmans looks on curiously.
37) 11) dialog: I believe these mysterious deaths are, more likely than not, targeted attacks.
37) 13) dialog: The probability that the victims would all be male cons, whose hearts imploded in the middle of committing felonies, is statistically impossible. (beat) Unless the CIA is up to something we're not aware of, my guess would be that these cons are being specifically targeted.
37) 15) dialog: I don’t know. 36.
37) 17) dialog: Yes we do. The dead bodies. A formula fades up on the laptop screen. It reads: Actus Reus + Mens Rea + The Result = Murder.
37) 18) dialog: As we all know, these are the elements of murder. Now if you work backwards you can see that we have the result. All of the victims are dead. We also know the mens rea;. these deaths are no coincidence. We've statistically proven that. So the only piece of the puzzle we’re missing is the actus reus. We don’t know how they’re doing it.... But I assure you, it’s only a matter of time before another con turns up dead. The men all consider this as...
38) 0) text: ++. Luke talks on a pay phone.
39) 0) text: Professor Selby lectures as Luke and Sophia enter and mak their way to the back. 37.
40) 0) text: Students funnel out as Luke makes his way over to Profess Selby.
41) 0) text: Luke researches criminals on his laptop, looking for the worst of the worst.
42) 0) text: Luke walks, laptop in hand, searching for wi-fi signals w he notices a STUDENT passed out on a couch, a MANGA spraw across his chest. The germ of an idea forms in Luke’s mind.
43) 0) text: The EDITORIAL STAFF huddles around a computer, eyeing a suspicious e-mail as Capt. Murray, Dt. Goemmans and Dt. Washington join them.
44) 0) text: ++. Capt. Murray exits, followed by Goemans and Washingto
44) 2) text: I’m not sure. This world has gotten so twisted, crooked looks straight and straight looks crooked. He eyes the list of criminals in the e-mail.
45) 0) text: Luke eyes a live newscast as a steely resolve fills his f
46) 0) text: A CROWD of REPORTERS break into a frenzy as LUIS PATTERSO exits the courthouse, surrounded by a team of LAWYERS.
48) 0) text: Sanchez races along, chased by two COPS, his sweaty face intermittently revealed as... «++. he sprints under shafts of light cast down by the st lamps.
49) 0) text: Capt. Murray covers his face with a handkerchief as he st down at the bloated dead body of CLARENCE SMITH.
50) 0) text: «+» Luke exits and crosses off yet another pawn shop from list before stopping in front of a newsstand, reading the headlines. - More Mysterious Deaths - 4 of FBI’S 10 Most Wanted Found Dead - Cardiac Arrest The Culprit
51) 0) text: Luke enters and sits at a computer as a heightened energy fills the room and TEENS bristle about.
52) 0) text: “pr” ++. the L logo fills.a laptop screen and the investigative team debriefs him.
52) 2) dialog: Have you been able to track down the e-mail’s IP address?
52) 4) dialog: Check with NSA. See if they can trace the hack.
52) 6) dialog: I think it’s our perp’s way of reaching out to us.
52) 8) dialog: He wants us to understand what he’s doing. Look at the name he chose. Kira. In Eastern cultures Kira is like the four horsemen of the apocalypse. They say that when the world becomes unlivable Kira will swoop down, wash away the filth and renew the earth. That’s how our guy views himself. He’s trying to right the world. (MORE )
52) 10) dialog: It’s exactly the type of mind-set I would expect from a single vindictive perpetrator, which is what I think we’re dealing. with.
52) 12) dialog: I disagree Captain Murray and I’11 show you why. A graph fades up on the laptop. L (CONT'D) . This graph plots the number of perpetrators involved in a crime against the corresponding success rate. As you can see the more people involved, the less likely they are to succeed. If we assume that this is a conspiracy, it would require several accomplices across the country. Everyone studies the graph.
52) 14) dialog: Exactly. And previous experience tells us that with a conspiracy like this, someone would have come forward with something by now.
52) 16) dialog: I can’t right now. But what I can do is narrow down our search and hopefully smoke out our killer. 47.
52) 18) dialog: You’ll see.
53) 0) text: An ATTENDANT flips through his files as Luke looks on beh a bulletproof window.
54) 0) text: Capt. Murray and a couple of New York’s finest watch the newscast.
56) 0) text: Captain Murray and the others are all taken aback, L is revealing his identity.
57) 2) dialog: This crime spree must come to an end.
58) 1) dialog: Only someone with a God complex would be arrogant enough to commit such audacious crimes.
58) 2) text: ROOM, LUKE’S ROOM
58) 3) dialog: But let me tell you something Kira, you’re not God; you're a vile, self- righteous, hypocrite. Luke begins to grow angry as he grabs hold of the Death N
58) 4) dialog: You are far lower than the criminals you think you have the right to kill. The book intensifies Luke’s anger as he holds it.
58) 6) dialog: Kira, you’re nothing more than a murderer, too afraid to show your own face. Luke begins to write Lind L. Taylor in the Death Note. L (CONT’D) We will hunt you down and use every means necessary to bring you to justice. Just as he finishes the last pen stroke he snaps out of i
58) 8) dialog: No one has the right to take the law into their own hands. 52. He quickly scribbles out the name and turns to the tv wit bated breath...
58) 9) dialog: It’s only a matter of -- Uhhh! L clutches his chest, GASPING for air as he is struck by massive heart attack. SOPHIA and the STUDENTS react with shock and horror. THREE FBI TYPES rush to L's aid as he slumps over in his chair. Capt. MURRAY and the OFFICERS are taken aback but no one so than LUKE.
59) 4) dialog: The man you saw on tv is dead... He was a death row inmate who agreed to pose as me in hopes of reducing his sentence. Capt. Murray and his men shake their heads, not knowing w to think.
59) 5) dialog: His sacrifice, while incredibly tragic, was also incredibly valuable... Now we know Kira is here in New York.
59) 7) dialog: We made it look like a national broadcast but it was restricted to the five boroughs. Capt. Murray grows more and more angry.
59) 9) dialog: I don’t know.
59) 11) dialog: I didn’t. But it fits the profile. Our guy is impulsive, brash. It makes sense.
59) 13) dialog: All I can do is work the evidence I’m given. Every investigation is a progression, you know that Captain Murray. Different details come into focus at different times.
59) 17) dialog: I had no choice. Kira will not stop. He’s going to keep on killing. But for the first time we're starting to close in on him. The faster we act the more lives we can save.
59) 19) dialog: God only knows.
61) 0) text: Luke approaches TOSH (Japanese, 50’s) as he preps for wor
62) 0) text: a“ ” . ++. the L logo fades up on a laptop screen and Watari Goemmans, Washington and Capt. Murray enter.
62) 1) dialog: I’ve reexamined the time of death for each Kira killing. A string of data races across a large projection screen behind L’s laptop. L (CONT’D) Each out of state death has been converted to eastern standard time. The data on screen shuffles about and grows more and more uniform.
62) 2) dialog: As you can see a pattern slowly begins to emerge. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mirror each other while Tuesdays and Thursdays are similar.
62) 4) dialog: It means there is structure in his life, something he can’t change. Something he’s working around.
62) 6) dialog: Exactly. 58. They mull over the possibilities.
62) 8) dialog: No, I’ve already checked with the FAA, no flight crews’ schedule parallel this pattern.
62) 10) dialog: No, not necessarily... The anthrax killer struck by mail. He killed people in three different states without ever leaving his lab.
62) 13) dialog: That's what I was thinking. DT. GOEMMANS . Wait a second? Are you sayin’ Kira might be a freakin’ Coed?
62) 14) dialog: Well, I think our guy is either a student or someone who’s affiliated with a local college or university. Look at what we know about him. He’s very tech savvy. That inherently trends towards a younger, educated perp. Probably Gen Y, or the millennium generation. He’s brash and idealistic; again indicators of a younger, more likely than not, male perp. Now couple these traits with the fact that the e-mail sent to the Times came from a Wi-Fi network that was hacked near Fordham .University... and I think a rough sketch of our perp starts to come into focus. He's probably a’ young male, in his mid twenties. (MORE)
62) 16) dialog: He might be a grad student or a TA. Probably Caucasian. Quiet. Known for being somewhat reserved. But there is something in his past that drives him. There’s something damaged about him. That’s the guy we are looking for. They take it all in, especially Capt. Murray.
63) 0) text: ++. a debate erupts amongst some STUDENTS at lunch. Among them is Luke and Sophia.
64) 0) text: Capt. Murray eyes Luke through the crack of the door for moment, studying him. He shakes off a thought as... INT. LUKE’S ROOM - SAME TIME +++ he KNOCKS on Luke’s door and enters.
64) 8) text: CAPT. MURRAY (CONT’D) (proudly pointing) I love this line, “Luke's heroism on the subway speaks volumes, for his future is far brighter than most, yet he was willing to risk it all to do what was right.”
65) 0) text: -+. makes his way along. After a moment his cell RINGS. Luke looks at the number and ignores the call.
66) 0) text: Capt. Murray sighs as he gets voice mail. He-clicks off t phone and pours himself a stiff drink. EXT. STREET —- LATER Luke speaks into a pay phone.
67) 0) text: Luke buys a prepaid cell phone and calling card.
68) 0) text: +--+ Brett pulls down the brim of his hat and approaches RECEPTIONIST.
69) 0) text: Brett sits, waiting anxiously.
70) 0) text: Luke walks along, checking the street numbers, when he fi what he’s looking for. Reveal: PAN ASIAN HISTORICAL CENTE
71) 0) text: Luke talks to the RESEARCH LIBRARIAN, who leads him into moisture free room filled with old leather bound books.
71) 3) text: Thanks. Luke scours through the parchment when he recognizes the Japanese character/word. He hurriedly flips through the accompanying translation a reads... Insert Text: Shinigami - Japanese God of Death... Legend it a man once found a Shinigami’s Death Note... the more used it, the more it drove him to kill... until it drove mad... . Luke slowly pulls out the Death Note.
72) 0) text: Luke exits and makes his way along when suddenly he notic SOMEONE emerge from the darkness. A chill shoots down his spine. He feels their stare and is overcome by an uneasy feeling as he takes off.
73) 0) text: Luke walks along, hears FOOTSTEPS on the cobble stone str behind him. He quickens his stride... and sure enough the footsteps behind him also hasten. LUKE pulls out his sidekick, acts like he’s texting, but instead uses the sidekick’s camera to see behind him. INSERT SIDEKICK SCREEN -- A MAN in a trench coat follows LUKE rounds a corner, mind racing. He sees an internet ca and... 68. INT. INTERNET CAFE - CONT. ++» quickly enters. He throws down some cash, guickly pul off his sweatshirt and makes his way to a computer while eyeing the front door. After a long moment the Trench Coat Man enters. Luke wait for him to take a seat and then gets up and leaves throug the rear door. EXT. INTERNET CAFE - CONT. Luke exits, stops in front of the cafe’s opaque door and counts to himself before... .-. he spins back around and goes to re-enter when the do swings open. He BUMPS right into the Trench Coat Man, but not before getting a good look at him.
74) 0) text: Luke enters.
75) 7) dialog: Don’t tell the press anything. As far as they know, they all died of heart attacks.
76) 0) text: Luke places a pin in the top hinge of his door, before...
78) 0) text: A MAN with a hard look waits as the bus pulls up... INT. BUS - CONT. +». He gets on. It’s Tony Dalton, the fugitive from the night before. The bus RUMBLES off as... -.. DALTON rips out a gun and presses it against the DRIV
80) 0) text: Everyone looks on in horror as...
81) 0) text: ++» blood spews out from Dalton’s head.
81) 3) text: LUKE (V.0.) (CONT’D) March 25th, 2008 Tony Dalton gets on the nine fifteen M60 bus bound for Manhattan. He tries to rob it, pistol whips a young man wearing a Thundercats t-shirt and then forces him to help.
82) 0) text: Luke pulls back a curtain and finds Sophia sitting with a bandage on her head.
83) 0) text: Luke checks for the pin in the door hinge, it’s still. th He removes it and... INT. ROOM - CONT. +.» runs his hand through his hair as his mind churns. 77.
84) 0) text: “nD ++. Brett Gurtsky sits before a laptop displaying the L logo.
84) 1) dialog: (from computer) I know we've been through this a hundred times but is there anything else you can remember. Anything at all?
84) 5) dialog: Alright. Thanks Brett. We’re gonna keep you sequestered here at the hotel. But do me a favor... from this point on don’t discuss any of this with the NYPD.
84) 7) dialog: ‘Cause our suspect might have ties to them... don’t want to tip him off. Brett leaves as Agent Roe enters.
84) 8) dialog: What do you got for me?
85) 0) text: Luke paces, his mind churning as... INT. CELL - MURDERERS’ ROW - RAHWAY PRISON - DAY «+. Alejandro Lozano curiously studies the LETTER Luke se him. He removes the phone card and dials a pay phone in h cell.
86) 0) text: Luke stops in his tracks when his prepaid cell phone RING Emotion flushes through him as he pulls it out from his pocket.
89) 0) text: Luke holds the phone for a moment when he catches his own reflection in the glass of a picture frame. He quickly comes to his senses as he looks at what he’s d taken aback. Suddenly a KNOCK comes from the door.
90) 0) text: ++. hustling past Sophia.
92) 0) text: +.. Luke races out from a subway car, overwhelmed with emotion when... ++. he sees the place where only two months ago he risked own life to save another. It feels so long ago.
93) 0) text: Luke moves to his mother’s grave and breaks down. 84.
94) 0) text: MASKED MEN rummage through the room while others hurriedl install hidden cameras as...
95) 0) text: ... Luke races towards his house, only a couple of blocks away. INT. LUKE’S ROOM A MAN rips open Luke’s desk drawer, where the Death Note hidden. He scours through the drawer as...
96) 0) text: +.» Luke approaches, a block away when...
97) 0) text: ++. a LOOK OUT spots him.
98) 0) text: Oblivious, Luke moves towards his room, determined to get book from his desk.
99) 0) text: Everything is exactly the way it was when he left it. No doubt about it, these guys were pros.
100) 0) text: Luke moves towards his room, about to fall into their tra when... -.- he notices the pin he placed in the hinge has fallen the floor. A chill shoots down his spine. He realizes someone has been in his room. INT. LUKE’S ROOM - CONT. Luke calmly enters as...
101) 0) text: ++. a MAN in silhouette eyes a row of surveillance screen all depicting various angles of Luke and his room. INT. LUKE’S ROOM Luke realizes that it might look suspicious to remove the book from the hidden compartment. As much as he wants to rid of it, he can’t.
103) 0) text: Watari leads Capt. Murray and his team towards an elevato 86. INT. LIVING ROOM - HOTEL - CONT. ++. ushering everyone in. After a moment L enters. ‘He’s intense, internal, filled with a mix of far off hurt and intelligence.
103) 1) dialog: Hi. I'mL. Capt. Murray can’t believe it, he’s much younger than he expected. He turns to Watari for confirmation. Watari nod
103) 3) dialog: I’ve asked you all here because I’ve narrowed down our suspect pool. Capt. Murray opens the folder and finds IMAGES OF LUKE.
103) 5) dialog: Something happened today that proves Kira, more likely than not, is your son, Capt. Murray.
103) 7) dialog: I know this must be very hard for you captain but Luke is a college student, he has a very high IQ and it. wouldn’t be hard for him to get information from you without you even knowing it. But most of all, he has a motive.
103) 9) dialog: His mother was murdered. There’s probably not a single day that goes by where he doesn’t think about that. Imagine what that would be like. (MORE)
103) 11) dialog: How that would affect someone, to see their mother gunned down in front of them. If it were me, I'd want to kill the bastard. I'd want vengeance. Or dare I say, justice.
103) 13) dialog: Alejandro Lozano is dead -- he died of a heart attack. Capt. Murray lets go of L. It’s as if he got kicked in th gut.
103) 15) dialog: This morning.
103) 17) dialog: Yes, he was. L gestures to Waturi, who brings over a weapon in a red EVIDENCE bag.
103) 18) dialog: Lozano altered the rifling of his gun with a screwdriver... that’s what threw off the lab. But the screwdriver didn’t reach the back of the gun barrel. When you compare those markings to the slugs they’re a perfect match. (beat) He was the man that killed your wife, Capt. Murray. An uncomfortable silence ensues.
103) 20) dialog: So it’s just a coincidence that Lozano and Rick Gurtsky, one of his few known accomplices, were both killed by Kira? Maybe. I'11 give you that. But when you couple that with Brett Gurtsky’s testimony and the fact that the e-mail sent to the Times came from a computer near Fordham University, the school Luke attends, it becomes harder and harder to say it’s all just strange happenstance.
103) 23) dialog: I know. That’s why I did what I did... Cameras have been installed in your house.
104) 0) text: Luke paces back and forth. 90.
105) 0) text: »-. Brett, deep in thought, scrolls through the New York Times online edition. Suddenly he stops dead in his tracks when he finds what h looking for, THE KOREAN GROCERY STORE ROBBERY. He eyes the names of the victims and their remaining relatives. INSERT TEXT: Linda Murray survived by her husband NYPD Detective Sean Murray, and her two children, Luke and Sar
106) 0) text: Luke withdraws some cash, continually checking to see if anyone is following him.
107) 0) text: A premier store for spy software. A SALESMAN shows Luke a wireless camera hunter and other bug detection software.
107) 16) dialog: Well, I'm glad everyone is onboard.
107) 18) dialog: We have to wait until another con is killed. But it has to be someone who hasn’t been in the news before. That’s the only way we can definitively clear Luke.
107) 20) dialog: I'm sorry, but we don’t have a choice. I hope you understand.
108) 0) text: Brett cautiously picks up the phone and dials.
109) 2) dialog: Your son doesn’t look well.
109) 5) text: NEWS ANCHOR (CONT’D) Last week Natasha Jackson was sexually assaulted and murdered in her home. DNA evidence has led authorities to an unlikely suspect, John Burress, a teaching assistant at Natasha’s school, PS 32. FOOTAGE of AUTHORITIES escorting BURRESS into the station fills the screen.
109) 6) text: Authorities raided his residency and discovered physical evidence that connected him to the crime along with a stock pile of child pornography... Wait a minute (listening to earpiece) Something seems to have happened. We’re gonna go live to the scene... A NEWS REPORTER stands in front of a HARLEM POLICE PRECIN as CHAOS erupts behind him. NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.) (CONT’D) Jack, can you tell us what’s going on down there?
109) 8) dialog: Watari, turn up the volume. They immediately shoot a look over to the SCREENS monitor LUKE. He eats potato chips and studies at his desk. L (CONT’D) (pause) He’s not watching the news... The other DETECTIVES rush in.
110) 0) text: Luke eats chips as we slowly move in closer to the potato chip bag... ++. REVEAL a mini-hand held tv, a pen and a small piece o the Death Note, lying deep within the bag. The newscast’ plays on the mini’s 2.5 inch screen as a ti earpiece feeds Luke the audio track. A name is written on the Death Note paper... Sure enough. It’s one John Burress... INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM Capt. Murray is on his cell as Brett Gurtsky enters and approaches L and the investigative team.
110) 2) dialog: Yeah, I’'1l be with you in a moment. He points him towards a room as Capt. Murray clicks off h cell.
110) 8) dialog: Watari, remove all the surveillance equipment. Capt. Murray and his men take off as Brett moves to L. 96.
110) 10) dialog: I don’t have a choice. Brett can’t believe it. EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE - DIFFERENT DAY Luke holds the camera hunter like an Ipod as a big grin. crosses his face. All the cameras have been removed. INT. LUKE’S ROOM - CONT. He races inside and rips the Death Note out from the hidd compartment in his desk and... EXT. LUKE’S HOUSE - CONT. «+. races out, bumping into his father.
111) 0) text: Luke douses the Death Note with gasoline.
112) 0) text: Brett comes across Luke’s profile on Facebook, which incl a picture of him hugging Sophia. He clicks on her image and pulls up her profile. He eyes for a long hard moment. INSERT PROFILE: SOPHIA BAKAS, Fordham University ‘09 INT. L’S HOTEL ROOM - EVENING Watari hands the phone to L.
112) 2) dialog: (into phone) Hello.
113) 0) text: Brett is on his cell.
113) 2) dialog: How? INT. LUKE’S ROOM Luke’s cell phone RINGS, he checks the caller ID and smil 98.
114) 0) text: Sophia is on her cell.
114) 7) dialog: Great. Let me see it. Various angles of the library appear on L’s surveillance screens.
114) 8) dialog: Watari, is the lie detection software up and running?
114) 10) dialog: Hurry. Watari frantically types away, trying to boot up an audio polygraphic system. 99.
115) 0) text: Luke races up the stairs towards the entrance.
116) 0) text: Luke enters and is taken aback when he sees Brett point h gun at Sophia.
116) 6) dialog: You might have -- but I didn’t. 100.
117) 4) dialog: Watari!
118) 5) text: The cops are almost there!
118) 6) dialog: Have them hang back.
118) 8) dialog: Let’s see how he plays this.
119) 3) dialog: (pause) Oh my god, he’s telling the truth.
121) 0) text: Luke charges towards Sophia, when...
122) 0) text: +++ blood spews out from Luke’s belly. MEDICS lift him on a gurney and into an ambulance.
123) 0) text: Sophia solemnly sits as Capt. Murray hurriedly approaches
124) 0) text: A heart monitor BEEPS as Luke lies still... His eyes slow open. It takes him a moment to shake the cobwebs as... +.» Capt. Murray, Sarah and Sophia slowly. get up from th seats.
125) 0) text: Luke, bandaged up, exits with Capt. Murray.
126) 0) text: The Death Note is engulfed in flames.
127) 0) text: Sophia cradles Luke as he lies there bleeding.
128) 0) text: Luke writes in the Death Note. SUPER: the TEXT of the DEATH NOTE ENTRY over the AFTERMAT the SHOOTING as Luke reveals how he orchestrated it all: 106.
130) 0) text: Luke stands there in shock.
131) 0) text: Luke has to sit down. It’s as if he got kicked in the gut
132) 0) text: Luke looks on, agape.
133) 0) text: «+. Luke SNAPS his sidekick shut and SLINGS it against th wall -- SHATTERING IT.
133) 3) dialog: Hey, are you alright? Luke studies him. How long has he been watching?
133) 5) dialog: No... But I know you. L pulls out a bag of chips and begins to eat (it’s the sa brand Luke used in the potato chip sequence).
134) 0) text: Luke solemnly lays flowers on his mother’s grave.
135) 0) text: Luke pensively walks along.
136) 0) text: Luke sits in a pew.
137) 0) text: Luke eyes his father and his team through a window.
138) 0) text: Luke brings a bunch of books to a CASHIER.
139) 0) text: Luke walks along with Sophia, law books in tow.