51) 3) dialog: While the police and the scientific community continue to search for an explanation there’s growing chatter that a mysterious figure, simply known as Kira, is responsible for these mysterious deaths. Luke watches the kids eye the newscast intently.
51) 5) dialog: The Times will neither confirm nor deny the story while authorities refuse to comment. So the question is... Is Kira for real or a made up Bogeyman? 45. A grin crosses Luke’s face as...
53) 25) dialog: We’re about to go live to the FBI’s New York field office... INT. FBI FIELD OFFICE - PODIUM ~— SAME TIME A sharp-looking white MALE stands at the ready.
53) 26) dialog: ++. where they have an update regarding the recent string of mysterious deaths. BACK ON Luke and Sarah as they both eye the TV.
75) 9) dialog: (on TV) Three more criminals, Jim Zellman, Vlad Dulinski, and Darren Hicks, all died of heart attacks last night in the latest string of alleged Kira killings... Luke thinks for a moment before hacking into the NYPD rem access server where he finds what he’s looking for... ++. IMAGES OF: THE PENTACLE, DULINSKI’S CONFESSION & The DEALER. All the criminals died exactly the way he wanted them to. Luke looks relieved as his eyes narrow and harden.
109) 4) dialog: (from tv) ++. The dow was up a hundred points today in heavy trading... But we cut to breaking news. We have just received word that an arrest has been made in the murder case that has left a Harlem neighborhood up in arms...
109) 5) text: NEWS ANCHOR (CONT’D) Last week Natasha Jackson was sexually assaulted and murdered in her home. DNA evidence has led authorities to an unlikely suspect, John Burress, a teaching assistant at Natasha’s school, PS 32. FOOTAGE of AUTHORITIES escorting BURRESS into the station fills the screen.
109) 6) text: Authorities raided his residency and discovered physical evidence that connected him to the crime along with a stock pile of child pornography... Wait a minute (listening to earpiece) Something seems to have happened. We’re gonna go live to the scene... A NEWS REPORTER stands in front of a HARLEM POLICE PRECIN as CHAOS erupts behind him. NEWS ANCHOR (0.S.) (CONT’D) Jack, can you tell us what’s going on down there?
109) 11) dialog: Do you think it was Kira? All eyes turn to the tv.