11) 25) text: (reading) Rejoice and fear, your lives rest in my hands... Luke grins as he reads the rules when suddenly the newsca grabs his attention. ON TV: OFFICERS, guns drawn, stand poised behind their CRUISERS as a REPORTER files an update.
15) 17) dialog: Hello, are you Luke Murray? Luke tightens up as he nods.
15) 18) dialog: Your girlfriend called and told us you were the hero from the “A” train. We've been looking for you. You ran off before anyone could get your name.
15) 20) dialog: Are you kidding, you did a great thing kid. The mayor wants to give you a medal.
15) 22) dialog: Hey, listen kid, the mayor needs all the good press he can get. He’s not gonna pass up a photo op like this. So shine your shoes and get a hair cut ‘cause you’re gonna be in the paper. INT. LUKE’S ROOM Luke reenters, his mind churning, as the TV plays in the background.
22) 0) text: Luke walks down the steps when suddenly OFFICERS race pas him, their radios crackling.
24) 0) text: A cruiser rounds a corner, Luke tailing it, when the DRIV a YOUNG OFFICER, spots Tibbs and Rodriguez (wielding .45’ weaving their way through a CROWD. The Young Officer tries to cut the perps off, coming at t head-on with his cruiser... but the perps spot him. LEAD fills the air as they OPEN FIRE on the cruiser. PEOPLE SCREAM and RUSH for cover. A WOMAN falls to the ground, SHRIEKING in pain as a ROUND rips through her leg while ANOTHER CIVILIAN takes two to the chest and crashes down in a heap. The gunmen charge forward, FIRING away. Only the Young Officer stands in their way. 22. He tries to return fire behind the riddled cruiser but he badly out gunned. Luke realizes that if he doesn’t act fa the officer is done for. He hurriedly takes out the Death Note and writes the perp names as SHARDS OF GLASS and SHRAPNEL rain down on the Yo Officer. He’s as good as dead, when suddenly... ++. one of the perps topples over, falling like a tree. Seconds later the other perp suffers the same fate. Just like that. the scene goes dead almost as fast as it erupted. Several officers race over to the fallen perps, guns poised... only to discover the perps are dead and ha no wounds. The Young Officer rises up and looks at them. Something h just happened but no one knows what. INT. LUKE’S ROOM - LATER Luke enters and tries to collect himself but he struggles keep his emotions at bay. He moves to his desk and sweeps everything off of it, let it all out, papers flying everywhere. A newspaper lands at his feet. He notices the picture of WANTED FUGITIVE draped across the cover and kicks the dai rag across the room.
88) 19) dialog: (into walkie) Get a medic up here fast! 81.
88) 25) dialog: Everyone calm down!!! (into walkie) We need a lock down on cell block 9!!! It’s CHAOS -- ALARMS goes off as RIOT GUARDS rush in.