0) 4) dialog: You're kidding, right?
0) 6) dialog: You think we're actually gonna run into anyone else on this road? Relax! (turns the radio louder, shouts over it) Enjoy the countryside! The ANGRY MUSIC WAILING and the car blasting down the tranquil road. We watch as it heads for what seems like infinity. EXT. LONELY COUNTRY ROAD. DAY. SOME TIME LATER.
0) 7) dialog: Okay, here comes... Trish and Darry slowing down now. Coming up on a camper/trailer. Brother and sister stare at the license plate:
0) 8) text: DARRY (cont'd) (reads it loudly) "Six A Forever!" (grins) That's mine! That's five to five. Tied up.
0) 10) dialog: I don't know.
0) 12) dialog: Since when did you start ace- ing me at this game?
0) 14) dialog: Sexy forever huh?
0) 16) dialog: Note to self: Die young. (checks his rearview) Any place but here on this unbelievably endless road.
0) 19) dialog: No I love stopping at train tracks every ten minutes. No further comment from big sister. She's suddenly some p else. DARRY (cont'd) You know there's usually a reason when you like the long way home.
0) 21) dialog: (mocking sincerity) Okay.
0) 23) dialog: I'm only thinking the same thing mom and dad are gonna be thinking: how come you're driving home for Spring break with baby brother? Not heading off somewhere with "Mr .Poly-Sci-Track-Team-Guy"?
0) 27) dialog: (swerves a little) Jesus! The van is tailgating them at an alarming velocity. Rattl and shimmying it is so old and distressed.
0) 30) dialog: What's this guy trying to do?! He tries to find the driver in the rearview. The Van's windshield is heavily tinted.
0) 32) dialog: He's nuts!
0) 34) dialog: (back in the right lane) Shit!
0) 36) dialog: My first guess: inbreeding! He has shouted this last word out the window toward the distant van. DARRY (cont'd) Get a load of that thing? Vehicle of choice for five out of ten serial killers. Brother and sister still trying to catch their breath as van disappears over a distant rise.
0) 39) dialog: Kenny and Darla. (off Trish's nod) They died about a hundred miles from here.
0) 41) dialog: This highway runs the length of the State.
0) 43) dialog: That they had to go looking for her head?
0) 45) dialog: No, they never found her head. They found the car but they couldn't find him or her head.
0) 47) dialog: You don't think every generation has their cautionary tale of drinking and driving on Prom Night?
0) 49) dialog: Quite the cheery thinker, today. What did "Poly-sci guy do to you anyway?
0) 50) text: She isn't listening. Thoughts elsewhere again. DARRY (cont'd) “Beating you" (off her look) That was the license plate on the van: B-E-A-T-N-G-U". (turns to her) “Beating you", that's five to five. That ties us up.
0) 52) dialog: My ass...
0) 54) dialog: I was in shock! THE JANGLING BELLS OF A RAILROAD CROSSING AHEAD. DARRY (cont'd) You know I don't remember there being so many rules to this game. Trish and Darry slowing as the bells ring and the bars lo DARRY (cont'd) ‘Course when there was, you were the one making ‘em. Little Miss Junior Nazi with the Barbie Doll and the Easy Bake Oven... Darry looks down the tracks. Sees the small cargo train approaching. Revs the engine.
0) 57) dialog: Hey you live off campus. (she just stares at him) You ever try and do laundry in a dorm? What they don't steal they dye pink for you. I've got twelve pair of rosey-pink jockey shorts.
0) 59) dialog: Its for her, not me. I have to bring home laundry. I don't, she gets depressed. Like she thinks I don't need her anymore or something. Trish's look says she isn't buying it. The SHORT TRAIN RO PAST. Leaves the car waiting for bells to stop and the ba to rise.
0) 61) dialog: To tell her I'd be home for break.
0) 65) dialog: Specify please.
0) 67) dialog: If mom and dad were gonna get a divorce don't you think they'd have done it by now?
0) 69) dialog: Whatever.
0) 71) dialog: Who is? (spots something) Hey... They are driving past an old abandoned church set back fr the road. DARRY (cont'd) You see it? Her sister peers past him. In the church's side yard, the van is parked. The one that almost ran them off the road. DARRY (cont'd) It's "Beating You".
0) 74) dialog: What the Hell is that... The oblong object is gone in an instant. Swallowed up by large mouth of the old protruding pipe. The kid's view blocked now by the church.
0) 76) dialog: You think he saw us?
0) 78) dialog: He dumped something down that pipe.
0) 80) dialog: Wrapped and roped in a sheet.
0) 82) dialog: I don't think he saw us.
0) 84) dialog: You see him? Both watch the old church get smaller in their view.
0) 87) dialog: What the- Appears so suddenly it could almost be the Figure had lea up there. Darry stares at this, perplexed. DARRY (cont'd) You see that? She hasn't. Just the distant figure on the roof, looking after them. Some kind of long coat flapping in the wind l a cape.
0) 89) dialog: Grab my cell phone!
0) 91) dialog: In the gym bag! Trish starts rummaging. Finds the cell phone. Flips it op Powers it up. Staring back at the church. THE PHONE GIVES OUT A LOW BATTERY ALERT.
0) 93) dialog: I have a power cable for it!
0) 96) dialog: I told you we shoulda’ taken my car! Trish pales. Staring out the back. In the distance the dark van is now leaving the old churc and taking the road again.
0) 98) dialog: (in the rearview) You gotta be kidding me... THEY CAN HEAR THE VAN'S DISTANT ENGINE BEING GUNNED.... Darry floors it, the little car ripping down the highway the old van swoops after it -looking like a dark bird of prey. Darry staring down at the speedometer. He's up to ninety the little car is starting to shake. Darry checks the rearview mirror. The van still gaining.
0) 99) dialog: What the Hell's he got in that thing? He's got it suped up or something- The car speeds down the two lane trying desperately to ke but the van continues to gain -SCREAMING TOWARD THEM.
0) 101) dialog: I can see him! The van is only a few yards from them now. Darry's foot slamming the pedal to the metal. He and she staring back at the van's tinted windshield. Glints in the sun. No driver can be seen.
0) 102) text: DARRY (cont'd) Hang on-
0) 104) dialog: I'm gonna try something.
0) 106) dialog: Jesus Christ- BAM! THE VAN SLAMS THE BACK OF THE CAR. At its top speed, the car shimmies and shakes. Darry weav in and out of the oncoming lane several times before regaining control. DARRY (cont'd) I don't believe this- WOOOONNNNKKKKKK! !!!! THE HORN FROM THE VAN BLARES -but i a sound they have never heard come from an auto before. This could almost be the deep, guttural sound of a wailin beast.
0) 108) dialog: Christ! Darry almost in tears. Trying desperately to control the as it crosses the oncoming lane and roughly lurches onto dirt shoulder.
0) 109) text: The sedan shakes violently as Darry tries to get it back asphalt again. His sister screams -a big ditch dead ahead. Darry grapple the wheel and as the sedan spits up dirt, he swings the c back onto asphalt again. The van tails them across the oncoming lane and back acro the highway. WOOOONNNKKKKK! !! THE STRANGE, BRUTAL HORN WAILS AGAIN. Darry is almost up to the gravel road that shoots off the lane. DARRY (cont'd) Hang on! Trish just stares at her brother. The boy is shaken. Eyes full of fear. She looks back at the van. It is charging a at them again.
0) 111) text: That and the sound of the van's engine pounding away in t distance. Out Trish's dirtied window, she can see the highway throu the grass. She and Darry stare out. The old van is not even slowing. Continuing at its terrif speed down the two lane. Brother and sister staring after it. Breathless as it disappears in the distance. They look at each other. Both seem to be intact. Without word, Darry opens the car door. In some kind of shock. Ta a step out. ANOTHER GAGGLE OF BIRDS SUDDENLY FLAPPING THEIR WINGS. Blasting out from deep grass beyond Darry. Scares the shi out of him.
0) 112) dialog: You fuckers! Picks up a rock. Throws it at their ascending cloud. Need take out his anger and frustration. Picks up another one. Looks over at his sister. Trish is standing now, staring out at the highway. The va long gone. DARRY (cont'd) Still like the country? She turns and looks at him. DARRY (cont'd) The next time Poly-Sci guy pisses you off I'm gonna kick his fucking ass! Trish just looks at the car, surrounded by the tall grass EXT. GRAVEL ROAD. DAY. MINUTES LATER. Dirtied and scraped, the small car emerges slowly from th tall grass. Trish behind the wheel now. Darry looking out passenger window. They back out of the field. Through the opening in the wo fence that they made going in. Roll the car onto the grav drive.
0) 114) dialog: Sounds alright, I guess.
0) 116) dialog: (defending his manhood) I know a little.
0) 118) dialog: Told you? I learned it from you!
0) 120) dialog: Bitch.
0) 122) dialog: Daddy's whore.
0) 124) dialog: Ball sniffer.
0) 126) dialog: Butt picker.
0) 128) text: Trish rolls to the end of the gravel drive. Stops at the highway. Looks both ways. Darry's hand on the wheel sudde
0) 129) dialog: I'm thinking past the point of my own selfish little existence now, okay? What if that really was a person he dumped down that pipe? What if it was someone still alive? Trish just stares at her brother. DARRY (cont'd) Someone who needs help but doesn't get it. Or doesn't get it ‘till it's too late.
0) 131) dialog: You know how far we are from the nearest pay phone?
0) 133) dialog: Hey we almost got killed! You don't wanna even find out why?! She isn't wanting or liking this. DARRY (cont'd) We look in the pipe. That's all we do. (off her look) We look in the pipe and if there's nothing there or nothing we can do, we just drive on home and call the cops. Trish stares unwilling.
0) 134) text: DARRY (cont'd) You know I'm right.
0) 136) dialog: Look me straight in the eye and tell me I'm not right. She won't look at him. He knows he has her now. DARRY (cont'd) Come on, right in the eye. She turns and glares at him as she throws the car in gear
0) 139) dialog: Where would men be if they spent their lives listening to women's bodies? She gives him a look. Rolls into the drive. The old churc sagging and gray and has not been a place of worship in m years. They drive around the side. Both staring up at the old steeple. And the THREE BLACK CROWS perched on the cross w one arm has rotted off. The back of the place is covered in soil. No parking lot. Just moist dirt and leaves. Mulch. And ahead, through the windshield, the large drain pipe sticking out of the grou Trish drives slowly toward it. Stops a few yards away. Lo at her brother. Suddenly Darry doesn't look so brave eith
0) 141) dialog: I'm just gonna look.
0) 144) dialog: Drainage pipe or something? Trish and Darry stare down the dark tunnel. A breeze come out of it. And a terrible stench...
0) 146) dialog: That breeze has to come from somewhere.
0) 148) dialog: Doesn't look like a sewer pipe.
0) 150) dialog: (nods to the car) You gotta flashlight? She throws him a cold look. Moves back to the car. Darry stares down into the pitch.
0) 152) dialog: Hello? Listens to his echo.
0) 153) dialog: Anybody down there? Again his voice rebounding. Looks back toward the car whe the smallest of sounds drifts up the pipe. Darry whirls back to it. Stares in. SOMEWHERE DOWN IN THE DARK, A MURMUR. A SOFT, MUFFLED, HUMAN SOUND.
0) 154) dialog: Hello? (to Trish) Hurry up! Trish brings the flashlight. Darry grabs it out of her ha Shines it down the long length of metal.
0) 155) dialog: Hello?! (off her look) There's someone down there! I just heard them! (again into the dark) Hello?! The light reveals dark earth at the bottom of the pipe. S twenty-five feet down.
0) 158) dialog: I told you I heard someone! Crouched inside the pipe, he stares down. Holds the flashlight with one hand and the lip of the tube with the other.
0) 162) dialog: Let me slide down-
0) 164) dialog: Just let me get a little way in-
0) 166) dialog: I'm not! Just hold my feet. 20 raking the His the tunnel. As he lays down inside the tube, flashlight extended, Tri grabs her brother's ankles.
0) 167) dialog: Anybody down there?
0) 169) dialog: I see something! He strains to look back at her. Trish too scared to comme
0) 170) dialog: (shouts down again) Hello?
0) 173) dialog: Something's moving down there...
0) 175) dialog: Quiet! (peers forward) I just saw it again. Something is definitely moving down here- Moving alright -directly into Darry's flashlight beam. TW TERRIFIED RATS -darting directly at him.
0) 176) dialog: Abbhhh!!!!!
0) 178) dialog: Rats!!!! The rodents run right up over his shoulders. He screams. Thrashes. They scurry onto his back. Rushing up...
0) 180) dialog: It's rats!!!! But he doesn't need to tell her. The rats run right at he now! One down each of Darry's legs! Trish screams -releasing her brother's still thrashing fe It's a tie who screams louder: Trisha stumbling back as t rats leap to the ground -or brother Darry as he slides al the way down the large pipe. A GREAT THUD BELOW. Trish charges toward the pipe as the rodents scurry into the leaves.
0) 184) dialog: Owww! Fell right on my head. INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM. CHURCH. LATE DAY. SAME TIME. Darry rubs his neck. Winces in the dark. Rust and dust trickle down from the pipe. He sits in the dim pool of daylight from above. Squints up into it.
0) 185) dialog: Why'd you let go?!
0) 187) dialog: I can climb out, relax your crack. He bends and gropes for the flashlight outside the circle light. Finds it. Switches it on. The first thing the light hits, is the edge of something wrapped in a bloody sheet. Darry stops. This is what they saw being dumped down the tube.
0) 190) dialog: Say not so, sis.
0) 193) dialog: (to himself now) Say not so... He bends to it. Studies the head as he pales.
0) 194) dialog: Hello? Feels like an idiot talking to it. But does anyway.
0) 195) dialog: Did I hear you down here? No response. Swallows. Has no choice but to touch it. Gen on the arm. Pushes it. Testing it.
0) 197) dialog: I found our body.
0) 199) dialog: I found the body. Darry starts to get up. Grabbed! By a hand! DARRY WAILS. Lurches away from it, stumbling back. The bo is moving under its bloody sheet. Twitching. Trying to breathe.
0) 200) dialog: Oh God!
0) 202) dialog: Oh God!!! Darry dashes toward it. Crashes to his knees. Starts tear at the sheet around its head.
0) 203) text: The sheet being sucked in and out around the mouth now. I gasping for air. Darry trying to tear the sheet. To get a grip on it. The thrashes. Finally -RIPPPPPPP!!!!!! The sheet tears away and Darry stares down in shock. It is A YOUNG MAN. About his age. Deathly gray. Mouth ope mute agony. Eyes wide. Blinking up at him. Darry can only stare in terror. He doesn't know what to d Frantically grabs the sheet. Tears it the rest of the way down the body -stopping abruptly. The young man's bare body has an incision of ugly black stitches --all the way from the navel to the neck. Darry thinks he might be sick. Looks up into those wide e What in God's name did someone do to you? Both boys stare at each other helplessly.
0) 205) dialog: (can whisper back) Trish... The boy's dry, blue lips are opening. The Adam's apple bo as he tries to swallow. Darry crazy with fear, leans down His ear at the boy's lips as they part again.
0) 206) dialog: What? A whispered word comes out of his mouth. Choked. Raspy. Unintelligible.
0) 207) dialog: What did you say? But no more sound comes. Nor breathing. Darry staring wid eyed. Almost catatonic. Backs off him. Slowly.
0) 209) text: Her angry voice echoes down. Darry moves to the puddle of light and looks up at her.
0) 211) dialog: He.
0) 213) dialog: Darry? A climb so violent the pipe rocks and shimmies. Rivulets soot and rust trickling down the metal surface.
0) 223) text: Gets his footing halfway down. Examines the gash in his h when PING! PING! Just beneath his sneakers, the rusty wel holding the lengths of the pipe together -snap! Darry in the middle of the tube. Staring up at his sister with wide eyes. AS A LOW, ACHING METAL GROAN BEGINS, BUIL QUICKLY.... Darry scrambling up toward the mouth as he realizes what about to happen. Almost to the top when the bottom half of the massive tub falls away. Darry sliding down again with the great jolt. Both he and the pipe plummeting down into the darkness in great cacophony of sound and dust.
0) 226) dialog: You know you really suck! (stands, holding his arm) In the moment of truth you really don't know how to hang on do you? You just suck-
0) 228) text: 28 Darry is staring over at the bodies. The two still in she He stares up at his sister again.
0) 230) dialog: _ (angry) Well it's a church basement so I'm guessing the church! The sagging old church. Especially forboding as she regar
0) 232) dialog: You have to stay out front and watch for people. (off her look) You see anyone? Flag ‘em down! Tell ‘em to get the cops out here right away! Trish liking this less and less.
0) 233) dialog: I'm gonna find a way up. He starts to move off but calls her again.
0) 234) dialog: Trish? (off her look) You see that van coming, you get back to this pipe and holler down as loud as you can. Now she couldn't like the whole idea less. Darry staring those bodies again.
0) 235) dialog: I gotta find the flashlight. Trish hurries to the car. Keeping an eye on the old highw She gets in. Starts the engine.
1) 0) text: Darry takes the flashlight out from under the fallen leng of pipe. Tries it. It still works. Letting his light lead him, he moves forward.. Ahead: the other two bodies. Piled together. These bloodstains are darker. Browner. How long have they been here? Darry draws in a breath. The smell is getting putrid. In the same moment his light ascends. There are words ove his head. An epitaph, spelled out in bones:
1) 3) dialog: Oh no... oh God... Darry steps forward, knees shaking. The vast room ahead, walled with dozens of these mounted corpses. Men and women of all ages. Body after body. Stitched together in a hideous tapestry. Large stitches. Identical to those just uncovered beneath that bloody she
1) 4) text: Darry swings the light to the other side of the chamber. Another grotesque mural of the dead, extending deep into darkness ahead... God how many bodies are down here? Darry moves forward -drawn by his own need to prove none this can possibly be real! Some bodies are turned away. Skeletal heads looking back their shoulders -petrified backsides showing more stitche Several are as armless as the Venus DeMilo. Some missing other limbs. Heads. Feet. Genitals. Darry's growing repulsion moves him faster -how big is th room? Feels like a football field... Deeper along the hideous walls, Darry turns abruptly. Two withered corpses in the tapestry. On the finger of one: a large ring. An old Varsity ring. beam reflecting off its dusty jeweled surface. Darry star at it with unquestionable recognition. Looks slowly to the corpse beside it. A girl? Once? Her incision is all around her neck. As if her head had been severed and then sewn back on. EXT. OLD CHURCH. DUSK. SAME TIME. Trish parked at the corner of the old church. Keeping an on both directions of the empty two lane. Watching the lo shadows as the sun drops. Feels something creeping over her. Looks up. The sun is dropping behind the steeple of the church, the shadow of the tower slowly falling on her. She sits anxious in its growing darkness. INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM. CHURCH. DUSK. SAME TIME. The same below: Darry staring back at the distant archway the dying sunlight. Looks ahead at the cavern of the dead. The ambient light fading away over all those twisted faces... this place is getting really dark.
1) 5) text: Darry takes a breath and moves forward quickly. Not quite running. The darkness won't allow this. But walking as quickly as he ever has... The deeper he gets, the fresher the bodies. They no longer have the withered faces and skins like app dolls. They have been a part of the walls for less time. Darry moves faster. Almost running. Grimacing faces of the dead, gaping mouths of mute agony shouting him on. Now practically sprinting through this corridor of death. Tries to keep his eyes straight ahead. Doesn't want to lo at them. Tries not to... Steals a look to one side. Looks back and WHAMMM!!!! Runs directly into someone reaching out for him! Darry has fallen and screams. Backs up on all fours. Stop The figure reaching out is just another corpse on a new w in front of him. He has finally arrived at the end of thi horrible room. Between this corpse and another, Darry can see hinges.
1) 6) dialog: You're fucking kidding me... This withered corpse, with his outstretched hand is a doo He looks at the hand. The handle? This is what I have to to get out of here? He swallows, draws a breath and reaches out. Avoids the leathery fingers and takes the forearm. Gets his grip. Pulls! The door doesn't move! Darry can't believe what he doing. Gets a tighter grip and pulls again! Hard! This door hasn't been opened in years. Reaches out again -when the corpses' head turns toward him.... with its empty eyes and gaping mouth! Darry leaps away. Staring terrified. But the head has only been jarred loose. It falls now, ri off the neck. Hangs by a leathery strand of flesh.
1) 7) text: This is enough! Darry reaches out. Yanks with all his mig on the forearm of the headless man and in a terrible fren dislodges the door. It comes off its hinges and topples toward Darry -corpse all. The door is heavy and it hits hard -but not as hard as Da hits the ground. The corpse falling on top of him -the head still attached some brittle tendon, nuzzles into his shoulder. Darry doesn't have time to scream -he throws the door off and scrambles forward, through the dark open doorway and some dusty steps beyond. Climbing and screaming. Screaming and climbing. And climb some more... EXT. OLD CHURCH. NIGHT. MOMENTS LATER. Down the highway, two headlights appear. Trish instantly afraid. Stares down at them. Could this b him? Trish looks at the church. Where the Hell is he? The headlights closer now. The vehicle is big. The van? She is suddenly unreasonable with panic. Doesn't know wha do. --The lights of the oncoming vehicle starting to show her face. She ducks. Below the dashboard. Can hear THE ENGINE. HEAV LIKE THE VAN. Lights spilling across the dash now. She reaches up from below. Turns the key. The engine won't turn over. Lights really bright now. Almost upon her. Turns the key again. Goddamn thing won't start! Trish's eyes starting to well. Light filling the interior the car. The engine finally sparks. She is ready. But the lights are passing now. And she peeks over the da at nothing but an old pick up continuing on down the high Trish sits up- SCREAMS!!! SOMEONE AT HER WINDOW. STARING
1) 10) text: Darry. Almost comatose, staring in at her.
1) 15) dialog: I saw ‘em, Trish. Kenny and Darla. Class of '80. She just stares.
1) 16) dialog: They were down there, both of them. (holds up a hand, not looking at her) I saw his ring. He was still wearing his Varsity ring.
1) 19) dialog: I said I saw ‘em! (angry silence) All dead and dried up down there with a whole bunch of others, okay!? She more frightened by his state than by his words. DARRY (cont'd) Don't tell me you don't believe me, alright?! (points a rabid finger at her) Don't make me tell you everything I saw down there ‘cause you don't wanna hear it, okay?! Her brother's eyes fill with angry tears. Then goes silen again. Drops his head against the window. Trish looks at the fuel indicator. Only a quarter of a ta left. DARRY (cont'd) She did lose her head. Looks over at her brother. Staring out the window into th passing night.
1) 20) dialog: Darla lost her head just like they said. (off her look) And you know what he did, Trish? You know what he did for her? He sewed it back on. Darry lets out a little laugh. Is he going crazy?
1) 21) dialog: Sewed it right back on. EXT. TRENTDALE. NIGHT. TEN MINUTES LATER. Trish's sedan rambles off the two-lane and toward a small cluster of buildings under the starry night sky. Past a weathered and aging sign that reads:
1) 30) dialog: Could we get some gas, please? The woman looks out the window, sees Trish leaning agains the car.
1) 32) dialog: Lights are still on.
1) 34) dialog: We really need some gas.
1) 45) dialog: You sure it was the van?
1) 48) dialog: Come on big sis. Hold it together. She stares at the floor. Won't look at him.
1) 49) dialog: (takes her by the shoulders) Come on. Just hold it together. (waits for a response) Think of a time.
1) 51) dialog: I got one. You were twelve. ‘Cause I was nine.
1) 53) dialog: And we found that big fat potato bug out in the backyard? Remember how big it was, with the big feeler things on its head? You bet me five dollars I wouldn't be brave enough to eat it. (she looks up at him) You remember. ‘Cause I swallowed it. Whole. Could feel it crawling down my throat. Thought it was gonna make me sick but I had to prove to big sis that "I wasn't afraid of nothing". Then when I finished swallowing it you didn't want to pay me the five dollars so you yelled "Mom! Darry ate a bug!" (MORE )
1) 54) text: DARRY (cont'd) (the hint of a smile on her face?) Remember? I got spanked and taught about not putting dirty little things in my mouth? Remember? What a nasty little bitch you were? She smiles at him as much as she's able. Darry thinking h cheered her up. But her eyes well with tears as quickly a she says in a frightened whisper:
1) 65) dialog: Who is this?
1) 71) text: WOMAN (cont'd) You tore it on the jagged edge of a metal pipe. Darry really in shock now. Stares at big sister. Trish crowding in to listen with him. WOMAN (cont’'d) (filtered) Can you still hear me?
1) 72) dialog: (completely perplexed) You were out there?
1) 74) dialog: You were out there at the church?
1) 76) dialog: The what-
1) 78) dialog: Look who are you and what kind of shit are you trying to pull?! This was loud. The Man at the Jukebox turns to look. So d AN OLD WOMAN at the cigarette machine.
1) 80) dialog: “Beating you?"
1) 83) dialog: Who the Hell am I talking to?
1) 85) dialog: I’m hanging up-
1) 90) dialog: (filtered) What about it?
1) 92) dialog: Look I don’t know what the fuck you're talking about-
1) 94) dialog: Screw you lady-
1) 96) dialog: You sure you saw that van on the highway? (off her look) ‘Cause I think the driver might be in here. On a cell phone.
1) 98) dialog: Well why couldn't it bea woman? We don't know who it is! He rushes past the cigarette machine. Looks out into the parking lot.
1) 100) dialog: Somebody messing with us, that's for sure! She knew everything!
1) 102) dialog: For us to wait around, which is exactly what we're not gonna do. INT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. MINUTES LATER. The juke box finishes its selection. Its mechanical arm replaces the 45 and selects another. The place fills with music again. Trish and Darry at a table in back. Beverly steps up to t with a coffee pot.
1) 106) dialog: All they have to do is drive out to that church. They'll believe every word.
1) 112) dialog: (quietly) I wanna be home. In my room. In my bed. (eyes up to his sister) Ripping up every Tales from the Crypt and Fangoria I own. He looks at her. Tries to smile. He looks so fragile.
1) 115) text: Patrons are stopping their eating. Watching him as he pas by in some confused trance. “Jeepers, Creepers, where’d you get those peepers? Oh tho weepers, how they hypnotize...” Darry at the jukebox now. Staring down into its glow. Thi he must be losing his mind. His own striking eyes even mo beautiful in the golden glow of the machine. “Where’d you get those eyes?” The song goes instrumental. He looks back at Trish. The Troopers are at her table. Sis looking over at him. Darry moves back quickly. TROOPER GIDEON is a tall, powerful looking Native America Strong face and piercing eyes. His partner TROOPER WESTON a capable looking woman of thirty or so.
1) 117) dialog: And?
1) 119) dialog: (looks to his sister) Darla Cleeway and Kenny...
1) 122) dialog: What're you trying to say?
1) 125) dialog: (on his feet) I told you -I grabbed one of them! It was hard. Like petrified wood! Like he preserved them or something, I don't know!
1) 128) dialog: I told you the facts: this guy drives a black van and it nearly killed us! We saw him throw a body down a pipe, that dumps into a cellar under the old church! I saw the body! He was a guy my age and he was still alive, except that he'd been split from his neck to his navel and then sewn back up again! Now this guy must have a hundred, maybe two hundred bodies down there, and I've seen ‘em!
1) 130) dialog: (lowers his voice) I mean this guy must be the Heavyweight Champ of all serial killers!
1) 132) dialog: You don't believe me? Just drive out to that church and see for yourself!
1) 134) dialog: It's Darry. Darius is my name, Darry for short. There is quite a crowd at the windows now and he and Tris see it.
1) 151) dialog: This guy is after us! (throwing fistfuls of laundry in the car) He is after us ‘cause he knows what we saw! The Troopers stare at each other. Trooper Weston on her walkie-talkie.
1) 153) dialog: Hey, you interested in a hand print? Trish and the Troopers move quickly toward him. Gideon squats with Darry at the open car door. Look at th surface of the car handle. It is smudged with some kind o fine gray powder.
1) 154) dialog: You can dust it, right? Get a print?
1) 156) dialog: What the Hell is that stuff?
1) 163) dialog: I'll bet having a good laugh too.
1) 165) dialog: (regards his sis for a moment ) How'd he get up on the roof of that church?
1) 168) dialog: It look like he jumped up there to you?
1) 179) dialog: Don't tell me you actually like him.
1) 181) dialog: (knows its true now) Oh God. (looks back at the cop car) Should'a known. He's big, dumb and stupid.
1) 183) dialog: You're probably gonna marry a cop. You have a thing for guys in uniform or something?
1) 186) dialog: (bothered now) Would you stop looking back there? He's gonna think you're easy.
1) 189) dialog: I know, he was talking out of it. Darry cranks up the radio. AN ANGRY ROCK TUNE BLARES. INT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. MOMENTS LATER.
2) 0) text: Trish and Darry staring ahead -ROCK SONG BLARING. Neither looking behind them. Something black with a cape whipping in the wind perched the roof of their escort's car? INT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
3) 1) dialog: (shouting) They're gonna be in Concert in August, downtown! EXT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trooper Gideon's head is yanked up through a hole ripped the roof of the car. The Figure that grips him, rears back with the same razor sharp battle axe. Almost Medieval-looking. And in one neat swoop -swings it at the Trooper's head. INT. TRISH'S CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Angle behind brother and sister: ROCK SONG BLARING AS -something big hits the roof of the car. Hard and fast. F down the windshield and off the hood. Trish slams on the brakes. Both of them clutching the dashboard. The car swings to a halt in the middle of the lane.
3) 4) dialog: What the Hell? Brother and sister look at each other. Darry's head again the window. DARRY (cont'd) Hey! Darry's voice echoes into the night. DARRY (cont'd) You okay in there? Darry gets out. Trish follows. DARRY (cont'd) Stay here. Trish looks at him. No way! Darry takes a tentative step toward the moonlit vehicle. Wishes he could see more. Trish seeing the dents on the roof of her car where the object hit. Dents with a spatter pattern. Blood.
3) 6) dialog: (screams at the car) Hey! The car's police lights flash on. Startles Darry and Tris Both squinting into them. DARRY (cont'd) Get back in the car. (turns to Trish) Get back in the car! Someone is staring out behind the wheel of that car. Peering at them, through the angry flashes of red and blu through a windshield spattered with blood...
3) 7) text: DARRY (cont'd) Trish, get in the car! Trish paling. Turning to do this. Caught by the sight of something else. Down the road -just past the police car. A roundish thing the middle of the highway -silhouetted in moonlight. Trooper Gideon's head. Staring out at her with dead eyes. This is what hit them and rolled off the hood!
3) 9) dialog: Trish... The patrol car's door swings open and both of them whirl around. Back toward their own vehicle. Leaping in. Trish behind the wheel. Grapples for the stick shift in a blind panic. Darry just as fast into the passenger seat. Slams the door. A tall, powerful silhouette rises out of the patrol car. Turning instantly away from them. DARRY (cont'd) Whoa, did you see that? As it turns -its face glints for a moment in the moonligh The eyes. So white because they are just that and nothing else. No pupils or irises. A trick of the moonlight? Trish staring. The car hasn't moved. Her hand still on th stickshift. The figure walks away from them with a chillingly casual gait. His black coat flapping cape-like. And in the glare the flashing red and blue, walks back toward Gideon's hea Whistling. Whistling a tune the kids have heard in the di Jeepers, Creepers, where'd you get those Peepers? Brother and sister transfixed. Watching as with a single hand, the Figure reaches down and lifts Gideon's head by hair. Holds it then, in both hands. Looking at it.
3) 10) text: Holds it high. Level with its own eyes. Draws it closer. close he could be kissing it. DARRY (cont'd) (a whisper) I'm not seeing this. The Figure turns the grizzly thing around now. Does the s with the back of the head. And both kids realize what he is doing. Smelling it... DARRY (cont'd) What the Hell are we looking at, Trish? More horrid disbelief as the figure drop kicks the head - sending it high in the sky and off into the tall grass of nearby field. DARRY (cont'd) Let's get the Hell outta here... The Figure turns now. Staring back at them.
3) 11) dialog: Go. Trish guns the engine and the car screams back down the highway. The dark figure watches this from afar. Still as a statue INT. TRISH'S CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
3) 12) dialog: What is this guy? Sees her brother staring out the rear.
3) 13) dialog: What is this guy, Trish? What'd he do to those cops?
3) 15) dialog: And why didn't he do it to us? You see the way he looked at us? (looks back at her) (MORE )
3) 16) text: DARRY (cont'd) Like he's playing with us. Like running us off the road was just some kind of game. EXT. LONELY COUNTRY ROAD. NIGHT. Back at the scene of the crime, the empty patrol car, eng running, rolls slowly off the highway and into a field. The dark Figure watches only for a moment -moving away wh the car still travels pilotless deeper into the field. Before it even settles, WE CAN THE HEAR THE RUMBLE OF THE DARK VAN'S ENGINE. We leave the patrol car for a glimpse the highway when- WOOSHHH!!! The dark van rips past us down the moonlit two lane.
4) 0) text: Both Trish and Darry see it at the same time. A farmhouse Down a gravel drive off the road. Lights on in the window
4) 2) dialog: You sure you wanna stop?!
4) 4) dialog: What's the next town?
4) 9) dialog: Too spooky. Trish looks at him. He's serious.
4) 10) dialog: Too spooky. Let's just get the Hell outta here. At the outskirts of the yard, a plastic sunflower ticks a in a night breeze as the car comes to a halt.
4) 12) dialog: I hope they have a gun.
4) 21) dialog: You know it's not too late to keep driving and not stop ‘till we see people.
4) 23) dialog: Crazy?
4) 29) text: Trish climbs the porch steps. Sees Darry still staring do at the cats inside the door. Trisha doesn't understand. Makes a face that tells him to hurry up! He starts forward. Cat Lady opens the screen fo them -again holding one feline inside with a fuzzy slippe
4) 31) dialog: How many cats do you have?
4) 35) dialog: Let's get out of here. Trish looks at him like he's crazy. The Cat Lady turns to them now. Trish lowers her hands from her nose.
4) 49) dialog: Look I don't know exactly where the house is I'm calling from- She looks to the Cat Lady to tell her the address, but sh shaking her head adamantly.
4) 53) text: Darry, Trish, the Cat Lady and her many fuzzy minions suddenly plunged into darkness. Darry rushing to the window -the cat still in his arms. EXT. FARMHOUSE. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Out in the overgrown garden, the plastic sunflower again clicks to a stop in the silent, moonlit yard. INT. FARMHOUSE. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
4) 54) dialog: There's nobody out there. Then every cat in the place lifts its head in unison. Forty pairs of cat's eyes staring toward the front window Trish and Darry watching this. As growing from every corn of the room, are the wicked hisses of frightened cats everywhere. The cat in Darry's arms freaks -clawing and thrashing to itself.
4) 55) dialog: Ouch!!! He winces in pain as THE ANIMAL YOWLS and hits the floor running. Cat Lady rushing to the front window. Trish and Darry with her. The overgrown yard is dark with inky shadows. Her distres scarecrow standing in the middle of it. MORE CATS HISSING. Fur standing on end. Fangs bared. What is out there, these animals do not like it.
5) 11) dialog: What in the Holy- His cutting whispers turns the women to him. Stares at th in shock. KER-KRASH!!!! A WINDOW BREAKS SOMEWHERE UPSTAIRS. All thr whirl around. Staring up at the ceiling. Then cats are dropping past the front windows. Dropping d into the yard. From the second story? They land on their feet. Scurrying off into the night.... Trish and Darry look at each other with mounting panic... Cat Lady looks to brother and sis. What the Hell did you bring into my house?
5) 16) dialog: Don't! Darry charges for her. Grabs the old woman.
5) 18) dialog: Don't go up there!
5) 20) dialog: Leave now!! With us!
5) 25) text: And sniffing. Sniffing her. The same way he did the offic decapitated head. Darry throws a look to his sister: at the door, hand on t knob -frozen by her brother's paling expression. Darry looks back: the Figure takes another long inhale an then peers around the dangling old woman. Out of the shad and down the stairs --directly at him. For the first time Darry sees its face clearly: Though the features are human. The glaring blind whites o the eyes -where pupils should be- give a much more terrif impression. Not of something human but of something else. Something dark and powerful that only wears the guise of human. ...Something utterly horrible and without conscien It stares at him a chilling moment longer. Again its rasp voice whispering from its lips.
5) 30) dialog: Go! Go! Go! The car squeals out of the yard, down the gravel drive an back toward the highway. Darry watching as the Creature sprints across the yard. Disappears in the darkness as the farmhouse gets smaller smaller...
5) 31) dialog: You see his face? Trish grapples the wheel. Taking the dark highway as fast she is able. INT. TRISH'S CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
5) 32) dialog: Come on Trish, you see his face?! A sign flashes by: RATLROAD CROSSING 1/2 Mile
5) 33) dialog: I know you saw it Goddamn it-
5) 35) dialog: He was wearing a mask. (looks to her) Trish? (off her look) He was wearing a mask.
5) 38) dialog: You have to say it too.
5) 41) dialog: What is this guy trying to do?!!
5) 46) dialog: Gun it, you can make it!!! The van is gaining. The train nearing. BELLS CLANGING THE WARNING.
5) 48) dialog: He'll kill us!
5) 50) dialog: Are you crazy?!!!
5) 52) dialog: You gotta do this, Trish!
5) 55) dialog: Trish faster! !
5) 57) dialog: Just do it!!! THE TRAIN HORN BLARES ITS FINAL WARNING. Trish slams the pedal to the metal and takes her sedan blasting through the barrier arms. It lurches across the track as the train roars at them li an iron beast. They fly over the tracks. The train just nicking their re bumper. Sends them spinning. Brother and sister collectively trying to grab the wheel. Spinning out of control while the train cuts them off fro the van. The van which slams on its brakes and swerves dangerously close to the tracks and the train. On the other side, the sedan stops spinning. Trish trying bearings. Darry still has his hands on the wheel with her
5) 59) dialog: We gotta move! Trish grabs the gearshift but it won't budge. Darry sees
5) 62) dialog: Don't say that. CLANK! CLANK! CLANK! The train's cars fly by -their only barrier from the van and their predator.
5) 64) dialog: (jaw tightening) Unstick ‘em, Trish!
5) 66) dialog: Goddammit! !
5) 70) dialog: He jumped over the train, Trish... Trish grinding that stickshift -trying with all her might
5) 71) dialog: He jumped over the train, Trish! C1UNK! The car's transmission falls into gear and Trish g the engine. The car lurches ahead --jolting the Creature. It clutches sides of the car as she speeds forward. Darry in a stunned, numbed kind of shock. Trish dips onto the shoulder of the road. Trying to make ride rough. Swings across both lanes. Weaving erratically
5) 73) dialog: What the Hell are those? Trish just staring at the motionless heap of black under moonlight. The train's final car moves down the tracks behind them. Revealing the dark van just beyond the flashing railroad lights. Brother and sister staring ahead at the lifeless heap. TH
5) 76) dialog: Hit him. She looks at her little brother.
5) 77) dialog: Hit him, Trish. (off her look) Hard. She looks out the windshield. That lifeless mass sprawled the highway.
5) 78) dialog: Do it! She opens her mouth to respond -when the Creature's head rises. It is staring at them. Those blind, ugly eyes burn out toward them.
5) 83) dialog: They never are.
5) 86) dialog: Let's get outta here.
5) 89) dialog: Far enough. Trish guns the engine again -a final trouncing for the Th in the road as they roar over it and speed into the dista INT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPT. NIGHT. AN HOUR LATER. Trish on a payphone in the empty lobby. Darry next to her in. These kids have been through Hell and they look it.
5) 93) text: I love you. See you when you get here. Darry stares ahead numbly. All the faces staring back at
5) 95) dialog: An hour and a half if mom drives.
5) 98) dialog: Never thought I'd be so glad to see mom and dad. (looks to her) Actually looking forward to one of dad's "What in the name of God did you do now?" She smiles. In this look between them is a rare glimpse o their true love for each other.
5) 99) dialog: We will do it you know? We will get home.
5) 120) dialog: You know I’m really not sure we should be talking to anybody right now-
5) 124) dialog: You called. At the diner, that was you.
5) 127) dialog: How?
5) 131) dialog: What ...likes to call it?
5) 133) dialog: Eater of the... (off her nod) What does that mean, it eats people?
5) 138) dialog: Look this thing has had chances to kill us, and it didn't. This makes Jezelle even more uncomfortable. What she now to say.
5) 140) dialog: By trying to run us off the road?!
5) 146) dialog: Wants?
5) 156) dialog: What? Jezelle shakes her head no. Can't speak it.
5) 157) dialog: What else? Darry takes her by her plump arms. Forces her to look at
5) 158) dialog: Goddammit you told us this much now what else?!
5) 160) dialog: I heard it. (off Jezelle’s look) At the diner. Nothing happened.
5) 162) text: JEZELLE (cont'd) (tries to sing in her frighted whisper) Jeepers Creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Darry and Trish looking at each other. This lady has real gone over the edge.
5) 165) dialog: (a whisper) It's gone. We ran it over until there was nothing left. (meets Jezelle's eyes in the dark) We killed it.
6) 31) dialog: Are your dreams ever wrong?! Jezelle just staring at him.
6) 32) dialog: Your dreams, are they ever wrong?!! Darry unnerved by the horrible sadness on her face. DARRY (cont'd) You know, don’t you?
6) 34) dialog: You know who dies! You know which one of us!
6) 36) dialog: You know but you don’t have the guts to tell us! Jezelle looking helpless. Eyes frozen on Darry.
6) 68) text: Darry tries it. Won’t open. Tries it again viciously. Whi to Jezelle.
6) 69) dialog: This is your way out?!
6) 71) dialog: You didn’t know that?!
6) 80) text: The Creature is so close she can feel his wind... can fee blasting past her. Her moment of doom has passed quickly. She turns and sees Creature racing up the stairs at top speed. INT. SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT SECOND STORY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry running for their lives. Where to they do know. The corridors are dark and maze-like. Stopping finally. Confused whether to keep moving or find place and hide. They don’t have to think long. The Creature roars into vi ahead of them and they start a nightmare flight back into maze. The Creature pursues with incredible speed. The kids practically falling around corners they are running so fa Behind them like some Dark Avenger, the Creature soars. Gaining. Always gaining. Rounds another corner and halts: The kids gone. Several d they could've slipped into. He chooses one. The Creature in the doorway. This is an interrogation roo Dark and empty. Caught by its own reflection in the large mirror on the wall. A two-way mirror. On the other side, Trish and Darry, watching breathless. Terrified as the Creature surveys th mirror and steps toward it. The kids silent. Holding each other. The terrible visage the Thing pressed against the glass now. Does it sense something behind it? Those white eyes staring in. As if they could see through And then its tongue comes out. Long. Licks the glass from to high in some horrible, pre-culinary gesture. Trish and Darry watching with repulsion. Then relief. Hav left a snail trail on the mirror, the Creature is turning away. Turning away from the mirror and- KER-TASSSSHHH! !!! The plexi-window explodes as the Creat crashes through it. Trish and Darry scrambling back in a blind panic and a shower of glass.
6) 81) text: The Creature in the center of the room. Poised like an animal, ready to pounce. Trish and Darry can barely move. Paralyzed with fear as t Thing steps closer. Backs them to the wall. Brother and sister, side by side. Those hideous milky eyes glare at Trish. Burning into her Watches as he inches closer. Darry starts to move. Pinned against the wall instantly b the Creature's iron grip. Pinned there watching as the Creature moves even closer to his sister.
6) 84) dialog: Please let me smell bad... Please let me smell bad, Trish... Another long inhale. This time, the Creature’s head drops back. Darry can see the nostrils. Flaring. Fluttering. Nostrils don’t flutter.
6) 85) text: They do it again. As if the scent they were sampling, sen his nostrils into uncontrollable twitching.... There can be no doubt, as the Creature levels those eyes Darry -that it has found what it wants. Something about o inside him it finds irresistible...
6) 86) dialog: Its gonna eat me Trish.... This motherfucker’s gonna eat me.... CLINK CLANK! RIFLES BEING COCKED. BIG ONES. The Creature halts but doesn’t turn. The shattered window the other room is filled with FOUR OFFICERS IN RIOT GEAR. Sergeant their leader.
6) 89) text: Trish and Darry blast forward. Sprinting through the atrocities and toward the entrance. The glass doors -also shattered by AN OFFICER'S BODY hanging half in and out. They step over him and out to the parking lot. EXT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S BLDG. EXT. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry searching frantically for their car. They Jezelle’s Winnebago. But not a sign of their own vehicle. way to drive out of here. Except for the Creature’s black van still idling in the corner of the lot. MORE GUNSHOT BLASTS and flashes from the second story. To Darry, the choice is simple. He is sprinting toward th van.
6) 91) dialog: I am not doing this Darry!
6) 96) dialog: Hang on! Damned gears. They grind away. Trish staring back -the Creature leaping from car to car some nightmare gymnast. Its tattered coat flapping like d distressed wings. Darry finally forces the gearshift forward. Doesn’t know he’s in first or not. Guns it. It lurches roughly and stops. Must be in second. The Creature hits one final car top and vaults into space directly at them.
6) 98) text: KE--RONKKK!!! The Creature smacks into the side of the va His face rearing up into Darry’s window. Staring in. Darr terrified. Still trying to get up speed.
6) 99) dialog: Give me something!! Trish out of her seat. The van lurching again. Throws her into the back. Tries to keep her balance. SPEARS AND BATT AXES CLANGING ALL AROUND HER. The Creature rakes his claw-like fingers across the glass a circular motion. Slicing into it with A HORRIBLE SHRIEK
6) 101) dialog: Get me something! !!! The Creature rears his hand back -ready to strike the cir he has scored in the glass...
6) 102) dialog: Trish- Something smacks into the palm of Darry's hand. He doesn’ even take time to see what it is. Just swings it at the window hard. KER-TASSHHH!!!! He hits the Creature directly in the face with a small combination hatchet/hammer. Glass flying out everywhere as the Creature drops off the van. Crashing to earth as Darry speeds away.
6) 103) dialog: Yesss!ii!ii!! Trish watching. Wants to smile too. Shout with joy like h brother.
6) 104) dialog: (shouting into the rearview) Motherfucker! !!!! But instead Trish stares out the back windows of the van. Watching the dazed Creature raising his head. Staring aft them as they get further and further away. Darry guns the engine. The van is really moving now. Roar away from the Sheriff's building and down the empty two l
6) 107) dialog: (his smile more manic now) He’s kidding right? In his rearview: the Creature sprinting after them. Sprin like Hell.
6) 109) dialog: You mother..... Darry’s foot flattening the gas pedal. To the floorboards The old van shakes and quakes at this velocity. THE SPEAR AND AXES CLANKING NOISILY. Then another impossible nightmare: the sprinting Creature without slowing down- throws himself forward like an acro doing a running tumble-- But when he completes his flip -landing on his feet again uses the momentum to push off. And in an affront to gravi everywhere: rockets himself up into the night sky. Up and gone. Out of view. Brother and sister both saw it. Look to each other.
6) 111) dialog: Trish!!! She scrambles for one of the spears. Grabs a shorter one. Thrusts it straight up. Over her brother's head.
6) 112) text: THWAAMMPPPP!!! Pierces the roof and puncture’s the creature’s head. Directly above the eyes! The Creature loses his grip on the van, slides back and o falling onto the road again. Darry watching in the rearview.
6) 113) dialog: Yes!!! Hits the asphalt hard. The spear dislodges as it rolls ov and over down the two lane.
6) 114) dialog: Yessss!!! Rolls and rolls and suddenly leaps up, lands on his feet keeps on coming! Darry’s enthusiasm gone. Just watches breathless as this inhuman thing comes at them again! The Creature has never moved faster. So fast powder is co off his skin, a skin being eaten away by the actual wind shear at this velocity.
6) 115) dialog: Yeah! Burn your ass up you son- of-a-bitch! He is like a comet now -a rocket of dust blasting down th highway toward the van.
6) 118) dialog: Yes!!! The van roars ahead. In the distance. A TRAIN WHISTLE. Da listening to it. Looks at his sister.
6) 119) dialog: Where is he?! Trish takes no time to stare out the windows again.
6) 121) dialog: He’s not!
6) 123) dialog: He’s not!
6) 125) dialog: He’s not gonna stop. (emphatically) He is never gonna stop, Trish!!! The Railway crossing ahead. The CLANKING SOUND of the WAR BELLS and the Automatic arms.
6) 126) dialog: Get out!
6) 128) dialog: I mean it, get out! (off her incredulous look) There’s grass over there!
6) 130) dialog: He’s not! We both know he’s not! THE TRAIN HORN BLASTS NOW. A warning it is almost to the crossing.
6) 131) dialog: Do it!!
6) 134) dialog: 
6) 138) dialog: Goddammit Trish, I’m not doing this for nothing-
6) 142) dialog: Bye sis- Throws his sister out of the van. She screams as she hits soft grass and rolls and rolls. The train is upon them. WARNING BELLS DEAFENING. LIGHTS FLASHING. And Darry clutching the arm of the Creature as tight as h can. The creature lifting him -up out of his seat. Darry fighting it. Bracing himself with his hands against roof of the van.
6) 143) dialog: You got me?! You got me you son-of- a-bitch?! Huh?!
7) 0) text: Somewhere off that same country two lane, in the long sha of the dying sun, this old packing plant sits. It is rust and sagging and as we approach, and our music continues, begin moving down. Down toward the ground beneath the old structure.... INT. OLD PACKING PLANT. BASEMENT LEVEL. NIGHT. In dank darkness, the music continues. Sounds like it's playing on a phonograph somewhere. Yes a phonograph. The kind with lots of analog hiss. We move toward the music, along an empty wall. At the end of which, in the long shadows, a tall figure i cape-like coat busies himself. Though we can’t tell with until we are up close. Sewing. Stitching. Fingers working nimbly with coarse bla thread. We see now the wall is not entirely empty. Several bodies mounted there. Not the ancient dead we have seen undergro at the church. These are fresher. Of much more recent demise. Sewn toget in the same grizzly fashion we know too well. And then KER-PLUNK! A new body is hung next to them. Hung a hook which we cannot see. Young Darry. Eye lids sewn shut with large, nasty looking stitches. The latest addition in this new mural of human horrors.
7) 1) text: The instrumental bridge of the song ends and the lyrics e in this vast underground chamber. ...-Jeepers Creepers, where’d you get those Peepers? Jeep Creepers, where’d you get those eyes? Echoing as we begin to back away from this sad and grizzl sight... the Creature beginning to sew Darry onto the oth As this begins WE SLOWLY FADE TO BLACK as our song contin ...-Jeepers Creepers, where’d you get those Peepers? Jeep Jeepers, Weepers Creepers, where did you get those eyes?