5) 105) dialog: You the kids, then? Darry and Trish, you them?
5) 108) dialog: (shaking Trish’s hand) Jezelle Gay Hartman, how do you do?
5) 110) dialog: Less confused than Jerry here would like to think. (shakes Darry’s hand) If you were talking to his Captain? Captain John Develle who is off duty tonight? He'd tell you different.
5) 113) dialog: You think you could just let me talk to these kids for five minutes by myself?! THE PHONE AT THE DESK CHIRPING INCESSANTLY. The Sergeant moves to answer it.
5) 115) dialog: And you go do something useful, you got officers missing!
5) 118) dialog: You don’t have to believe I’m psychic. But I can tell you something these cops haven't. (off their look) That dust they got off your car back at Delroy’s? It tested as human skin over a hundred and fifty years old. Darry and Trish listen to her.
5) 119) dialog: That didn’t come in a dream. I heard it on the police scanner. I got more to tell you and I come a long way to do it.
5) 121) dialog: I know what it is. Her voice a sudden and urgent whisper.
5) 122) dialog: I know what’s chasing you. She has their full attention now.
5) 123) dialog: You found a lot of bodies. (off Darry’s incredulous look) Down in that cellar. I saw ‘em too. (swallows ) You see the cats yet? I saw you with cats too. Lots of cats-
5) 125) dialog: I saw those bodies just like you did. That poor boy with the stitches all down him... I saw you there with him.
5) 128) dialog: Dreamed it. (waits for a response) I dream a lot of things. The woman's self-assuredness is dissolving. She stares at them with eyes flickering with fear and sadness.
5) 129) dialog: Those bodies down there. You found its house of pain. Darry doesn’t know why but his blood runs cold.
5) 130) dialog: I don’t know how I know that, I just... know that’s what it likes to call it.
5) 132) dialog: It’s got a whole lotta names. From a whole lotta different times and places. Eater of the Dead... That’s the one that keeps coming to me.
5) 134) dialog: It has to. (off their stunned looks) It has incredible power. That’s how it stays that way. How it's lived so long. Trish tries to leave. Brother holds her arm. Won’t let he
5) 135) dialog: I don't like having this in my head. I don't like knowing this and not knowing why I do... (MORE )
5) 136) text: JEZELLE (cont'd) Every twenty-third Spring. For twenty-three days. It gets to eat. Whatever it needs. It eats eyes so it can see. It eats lungs so it can breathe...
5) 139) dialog: (swallows, her eyes dampening) It's very particular. Only wants ...certain parts from certain bodies. One of you has something it might like. (Darry swallows) It won't stop following until it knows for sure.
5) 141) dialog: (shakes her head 'yes', her voice a cutting whisper) It needs to scare you. (find's Trish's eyes) There's something in fear. Something it can smell. Brother and sister stare at her.
5) 142) dialog: Makes it easier for it. To know if there's anything ina person it might ..like.
5) 145) dialog: Wants.
5) 147) dialog: +...to eat.
5) 150) dialog: I don't know what it is exactly. If it's a Demon or a Devil or just some hungry thing from a wicked place somewhere in time. The van door swings open. Engine still running as one of Creature's feet sets down on the asphalt. It's black shoe marred with a tire track.
5) 151) dialog: I just know it's been doing this for a lot longer than a hundred and fifty years. And it is not gonna stop. Coming after you or anyone else it wants to. The other leg swings out awkwardly. Out of a tattered pan leg the foot hangs -barely attached. Only by a length of flesh and a torn sock...
5) 153) dialog: ‘Cause once it has the scent of something it likes...? With this horrid handicap, the Creature starts a grizzly, almost comical limp across the shadowy parking lot....
5) 154) dialog: It can't. It can't stop. INT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Jezelle pleading with Darry and Trish. Her voice an urgen whisper:
5) 159) dialog: (the quietest whisper) I told you. Jeepers Creepers.
5) 161) dialog: No. It’s playing on an old phonograph. (MORE )
5) 162) text: JEZELLE (cont'd) (tries to sing in her frighted whisper) Jeepers Creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Darry and Trish looking at each other. This lady has real gone over the edge.
5) 163) dialog: (can barely say it) I hear it playing while one of you is screaming. (her eyes find Trish) Screaming down in the dark somewhere. Screaming the last scream you'll ever- SUDDENLY LIGHTS OUT! THE HALL PLUNGED INTO DARKNESS. The Desk Sergeant lifts the phone.
5) 166) dialog: It's eaten too many hearts for it's own to ever stop.
6) 14) dialog: He's here. Trish and Darry look almost angry at her for having said this. She regards them. Nods in a chilling affirmation.
6) 19) dialog: (full of ire) These kids are still in trouble! I might still be able to help ‘em-
6) 21) dialog: You don't see what's about to happen-
6) 23) dialog: He's gonna find you in here! He's gonna find you ‘less you get out-
6) 25) dialog: Get away from me!
6) 27) dialog: (looks to Darry) You believe me?!! Her frightened eyes burning out at him.
6) 28) dialog: You believe what I said?! Darry panicking. Doesn't want to believe. Moves toward he she is ushered toward the exit.
6) 30) dialog: I didn't know if it would help but I had to tell you what I knew!
6) 33) dialog: You have to get out of here!
6) 35) dialog: Don’t let them lock you anywhere in this building-
6) 49) dialog: We gotta get you outta here. She moves fast for a big woman. Heading down the dark corridor. Away from the lobby.
6) 50) dialog: Come on I said! They move with her. Darry taking a final look back at the lobby where Officers now hug the walls. Staring down a corridor that ends in the rear stairwell. The Sergeant stares with the others at the dark stairwell Illuminated by a single dollop of light from one of the emergency overheads. Four cops flank the walls before it. Weapons drawn. The Sergeant hisses an urgent whisper into his walkie.
6) 68) text: Darry tries it. Won’t open. Tries it again viciously. Whi to Jezelle.
6) 70) dialog: The doors must lock automatically in a power out.
6) 72) dialog: Well I'm sorry honey but I can't dream everything now can
6) 74) dialog: We have to get upstairs!
6) 76) dialog: There’s no other way out down here except the front.
6) 78) dialog: Upstairs. Trish and Darry dash up the stairs and The Creature takes toward them like a rocket. Sprints so fast his coat billows in his wake, like dark w Jezelle just kneels. No chance she could make it up those stairs fast enough. Instead, bows her head in prayer as t Creature races toward her.
6) 79) dialog: Our Father who art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name...
6) 89) text: Trish and Darry blast forward. Sprinting through the atrocities and toward the entrance. The glass doors -also shattered by AN OFFICER'S BODY hanging half in and out. They step over him and out to the parking lot. EXT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S BLDG. EXT. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry searching frantically for their car. They Jezelle’s Winnebago. But not a sign of their own vehicle. way to drive out of here. Except for the Creature’s black van still idling in the corner of the lot. MORE GUNSHOT BLASTS and flashes from the second story. To Darry, the choice is simple. He is sprinting toward th van.
6) 158) dialog: Your parents are waiting for you back at the Sheriff's Building. I heard it on the scanner. Trish doesn’t look at her. Just stares out. Jezelle draws breath and starts to step away.
6) 161) dialog: Sometimes.
6) 162) text: Jezelle nods in silent agreement. Though there is somethi in her eyes we cannot discern. She turns away. Moves toward her Winnebago. Trisha lookin on. Somewhere we hear the tune Jeeper’s Creeper’s. Instrument version. Playful. Strange in this grim context as we: