5) 101) dialog: Jezelle. The DESK SERGEANT is not happy to see her. She walks righ past him.
5) 102) dialog: What can we do for you tonight... The Sergeant out from his desk. Moves after her.
5) 103) dialog: Jezelle! Jezelle steps up to Trish and Darry. Studies them.
5) 104) dialog: Come on Jezz’, they been through a lot, okay? She extends a plump hand. A tiny hint of a drawl in her h voice.
5) 106) dialog: Jez' Goddammit-
5) 109) dialog: Jezelle’s maybe a little confused about what’s going on down here tonight-
5) 111) dialog: Jezelle likes to think she’s the resident psychic around here. Behind her back, the Sergeant signals to the kids that sh not to be taken seriously.
5) 112) dialog: She helped us on a missing persons a few years ago-
5) 114) dialog: Go home, turn that Goddamned police scanner off and go to bed.
5) 116) dialog: I mean it Jezelle, leave ‘em alone. Trish and Darry left staring at the woman.
5) 164) dialog: We got lights out up here. The facility has come to an abrupt standstill. Trish, Dar and Jezelle, eyes toward the ceiling.
6) 12) dialog: About Goddamned time. Trish, Darry and Jezelle staring up at them. Lots of acti suddenly. Officers everywhere moving around in the semi-d
6) 13) dialog: All right we are going to a lock down situation, people. That means everybody sit tight, and don't move unless somebody wearing a badge tells you to.
6) 15) dialog: You kids wanna come with me? All three whirl around, startled by the Sergeant, suddenl behind them in the dark.
6) 16) dialog: We're gonna put you in a room down the hall here. With Jezelle in tow, down the dark hall.
6) 17) dialog: Uh-uh. (points a thumb at Jezelle) Not you, lady Sherlock. (calls out) Someone escort Jezelle here back to the big, blue Winnebago she's no doubt blocking the driveway with. Two Officers step up to escort her away.
6) 20) dialog: I told you: outta here!
6) 22) dialog: (to the Officers) Let's get Ms. Hartman out of here, please. The Officers start to back her up. She looks to Trish and Darry with the most frightened eyes.
6) 24) dialog: Alright now Goddammit knock it off!! The Officers take her by the arms now.
6) 26) dialog: I swear I will lock you up, Jezz'!
6) 42) dialog: (grabs the walkie) Kribbs, Go ahead!
6) 48) dialog: (to Trish and Darry) Stay here! He runs back down the hall -past Jezelle staring at them.
6) 52) dialog: Somebody talk to me down there!
6) 55) dialog: What?! A shadow falling over the stairwell. Someone headed up th stairs. MORE GUN SHOTS. Flashes from below etching the shadow whi suddenly flickers up the wall and out of view. Officers staring puzzled. Where did this guy go?
6) 64) dialog: Goddammit !!! The Sergeant remains in the middle of the hall -his revol aimed at the approaching nightmare. The Officer on the Creature’s back starts to pistol whip Desperately trying to stop him. But in a swift and viciou move, it swings around -slamming its back into the neares wall. Slamming it hard. The Officer with it. The plaster on the wall cracks with the impact. The Officer's eyes go wide as he spits blood. He collapse the floor in a heap as the Creature continues on. His hum shield staring at him -eyes bulging. Air still cut off.
6) 65) dialog: Goddammit stop!!! You stop right fucking there!!! The Creature raises his human shield over his head. Befor the men can fire at his exposed chest --hurls the Officer them. But this is no ordinary throw -the man is rocketing down corridor as if propelled out of a catapult. Men are diving out of his way. One taken out completely. Tumbling down the corridor with him and smashing into a g trophy case.
6) 87) dialog: Step away from the kid. The Creature still doesn’t move. Stares at Darry.
6) 88) dialog: (cont‘d) Darius? Just step this way with your sister. Darry stares at the Creature for a long moment. Then slow inches down the wall. The Creature watching him. Once out from under him, Darry scrambles to Trish and the fly out the door into the hall. The Creature turns toward them, but all rifles raise. The Creature slowly raises his head -eyes glaring at them from an angry furrowed brow that seems to say Who in the fuck do you think you are? The Creature roars toward them and the guns blaze. INT. POHO SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT STAIRWELL. NIGHT. SAME TIM AS THE SOUNDS OF A WAR RAGE OVERHEAD, Trish and Darry scramble down a stairwell that empties into the dark lobb Halted by the bodies scattered everywhere. Like a massacr ONE BODY sticking half out a plexi-glass window he was th through. A BODY at the corner of the Sergeant’s desk is just a tor His bottom half no where to be seen...