0) 3) dialog: That was a stop sign.
0) 5) dialog: In your car I'd be kidding.
0) 9) dialog: What does it mean? (off his look) "Six A Forever" what does it mean?
0) 11) dialog: ‘Cause it says "Sexy Forever", stupid, that's mine. That's five to four.
0) 13) dialog: Since you were ten. It involves English and reading. Darry guns the engine. Goes into the oncoming lane to pas the camper/trailer. TRISH (cont'd) Come on, Darry. They pass the cab of the truck. An OLD MAN of sixty behin the wheel. His WIFE next to him. He glares down at Trish Darry as they pass him.
0) 15) dialog: You know that is you in forty years.
0) 18) dialog: You wanna be sucking in exhaust fumes on the Interstate?
0) 20) dialog: Gee like, maybe I like the country?
0) 22) dialog: Just drive, brat.
0) 24) dialog: And I'11 tell you what I'd tell them: none of your Goddamned business-
0) 29) dialog: Darry!
0) 31) dialog: Just get out of his way!
0) 33) dialog: (emphatically) Get out of his way, Darry! Darry swerves into the oncoming lane and the van tears forward. Blasting toward the distant horizon. Both brother and sister watch breathless. Catching its rusting and personalized license plate: TRISH (cont'd) Jesus!
0) 35) dialog: What the Hell is his problem?
0) 37) dialog: God you know what I just thought of, right?
0) 40) dialog: It was the same highway.
0) 42) dialog: You think it really happened?
0) 44) dialog: No that they never found her. Or him. They only found the car.
0) 46) dialog: Look at me... (holds out her hand) I'm still shaking.
0) 48) dialog: I always heard it was real. That they were Class of '80. After I heard that story, I used to think this was the highway I_ would die on.
0) 51) dialog: You can't call it now.
0) 53) dialog: You have to call it when you see it!
0) 55) dialog: Don't you dare. (off his look) My car. Trish sniffs. Smells something. Looks in the backseat. Th big thing covered in a trash bag. She lifts the plastic: full laundry basket.
0) 56) text: TRISH (cont'd) You are a class act, you know that?
0) 58) dialog: Maybe they know something about you, you don't. She takes the Deodorizer hanging off the rearview mirror stuffs it in the bag. TRISH (cont'd) Hi mom, haven't seen you forever, here's my dirty shorts. The train is upon them now. He shouts over the din.
0) 60) dialog: You talk to her lately?
0) 62) dialog: She sound like anything was going on? Darry throws her a look.
0) 63) dialog: (impatient) Did you listen to her voice?
0) 66) dialog: I think maybe something's wrong. (off his look) I don't think they're telling us. (off his continued look) Like you would notice anything past the point of your own selfish little existence. The bars go up and the car flies over the tracks. Continu its trek down the two-lane.
0) 68) dialog: No I think they would've waited till we were both grown and off at school.
0) 70) dialog: She's not happy. Not even a little bit. Not like she used to be.
0) 72) dialog: What's he doing?
0) 75) dialog: Don't slow down!
0) 77) dialog: What the Hell was he doing?
0) 79) dialog: Wrapped in a sheet.
0) 81) dialog: Wrapped and roped in a sheet with red stains on it. Both of them study the rearview mirror now. TRISH (cont'd) Vehicle of choice for five out of ten what? Darry guns the engine.
0) 83) dialog: Don't get us killed.
0) 86) dialog: Nope. Someone appears high on the old roof. Standing next to th sagging steeple.
0) 88) dialog: Just get us out of here Darry! The figure drops from view as quickly as he appeared. A glance between brother and sister and Darry increases s
0) 90) dialog: Where?
0) 92) dialog: The point of having a portable phone idiot, is so that it works when you need it.
0) 94) dialog: (stuffs the phone back in the bag) (MORE )
0) 95) text: TRISH (cont'd) And I have a cigarette lighter that doesn't work!
0) 97) dialog: Oh Jesus... Heading toward them.
0) 100) dialog: Darry!!! He's right on our ass!!!
0) 103) dialog: Darry-
0) 105) dialog: Darry don't kill us... He is staring up ahead at a gravel road that shoots sharp off the highway. Just as the van lurches up to their rear bumper -its dark face and grill filling the rear and sideview mirrors. TRISH (cont'd) Darry what're you doing?
0) 107) dialog: What the Hell does he want?! (screaming out the back) Are you out of your fucking mind?!!! WHAM! The van hits the back of the sedan again.
0) 109) text: The sedan shakes violently as Darry tries to get it back asphalt again. His sister screams -a big ditch dead ahead. Darry grapple the wheel and as the sedan spits up dirt, he swings the c back onto asphalt again. The van tails them across the oncoming lane and back acro the highway. WOOOONNNKKKKK! !! THE STRANGE, BRUTAL HORN WAILS AGAIN. Darry is almost up to the gravel road that shoots off the lane. DARRY (cont'd) Hang on! Trish just stares at her brother. The boy is shaken. Eyes full of fear. She looks back at the van. It is charging a at them again.
0) 110) dialog: What the fuck is the matter with you?!!!! WHAMM!!! Struck again from behind -Darry really loses control. Tries to swing onto the gravel roadway -but leav the two lane at a terrifying speed, unable to negotiate t sharp turn. Blasting through a wooden fence and into an open field. Darry slams on his brakes as they rocket into tall grass. The windshield is whipped with grass as the car's brakes up and the vehicle continues to fly forward. A cloud of birds flutters out of the deep grass in front them as inside the car, brother and sister are tossed aro like ragdolls. Trish trying desperately to fasten her seatbelt. Darry ju leaning into that brake. TRISH (cont'd) Goddammitt!!! The car swings around and stops. Jostling to a halt in so even taller grass and bringing a sudden and eerie silence Only the breathing of brother and sister can be heard ins the car.
0) 111) text: That and the sound of the van's engine pounding away in t distance. Out Trish's dirtied window, she can see the highway throu the grass. She and Darry stare out. The old van is not even slowing. Continuing at its terrif speed down the two lane. Brother and sister staring after it. Breathless as it disappears in the distance. They look at each other. Both seem to be intact. Without word, Darry opens the car door. In some kind of shock. Ta a step out. ANOTHER GAGGLE OF BIRDS SUDDENLY FLAPPING THEIR WINGS. Blasting out from deep grass beyond Darry. Scares the shi out of him.
0) 113) text: Pointed again toward the highway, Trish guns the engine b doesn't move. Looks to her brother.
0) 115) dialog: Like either of us would know.
0) 117) dialog: When your car makes a strange noise you just buy a new tape Darry, that's what you told me.
0) 119) dialog: Asshole.
0) 121) dialog: Mama's boy.
0) 123) dialog: Dick Licker.
0) 125) dialog: Ass kisser.
0) 127) dialog: Hah! Repeat! Ass and butt! You lose. Looks over at Trish and smiles. She too. They need a smil about now.
0) 128) text: Trish rolls to the end of the gravel drive. Stops at the highway. Looks both ways. Darry's hand on the wheel sudde
0) 130) dialog: We can get help just as fast by getting to a phone-
0) 132) dialog: Is this your idea of an adventure or something? 'Cause this is why girls are smarter, okay?
0) 135) dialog: Bullshit I do!
0) 137) dialog: I'm not getting out of the car. Darry smiles. Trish heads out onto the highway. Back towa the old church. EXT. OLD CHURCH. LATE DAY. MINUTES LATER. The car stops on the empty two-lane just before the old church. Darry and Trish regard it. Check the rearview too Empty road. Empty church yard.
0) 138) dialog: Every bone in my body is telling me not to do this.
0) 142) dialog: You look like you're gonna puke. Darry opens the car door. Gets out. Looks out to the high Then the surrounding woods in back of the church. No one. Moves toward the old pipe when the sound of his sister tu his head.
0) 143) dialog: Let's do this and do it fast. They approach the pipe warily. It is corrugated metal and sticks out of the ground about three feet. Angled into th ground, its jagged metal mouth is about three feet wide.
0) 145) dialog: Oh my God... She covers her mouth and stares at her brother.
0) 147) dialog: Somewhere rank.
0) 149) dialog: Come on Darry! We can't see anything down there!
0) 156) dialog: You're hearing things. Darry tests the strength of the pipe. It is anchored soli in the ground.
0) 157) dialog: Darry, don't even think about it. He hoists himself up into the mouth.
0) 160) dialog: You know the part in scary movies where somebody does something really stupid and everybody hates them for it? (off his look) This is it! A small, scuffling sound from below. Trish hears this. Darry stares down the tunnel, darkness with the flashlight. Looks back at her. expression asks her Did you hear that?! Now worming his way further into the opening of
0) 161) dialog: No Darry!
0) 163) dialog: Goddamnitt
0) 165) dialog: You're not going down there!
0) 168) dialog: God when was the last time you washed any socks?
0) 172) dialog: I'm counting to ten Darry.
0) 174) dialog: Then I am letting go and going back to my car-
0) 177) dialog: Darry!!!!!
0) 179) dialog: (trying to keep hold of his kicking feet) It's what?!
0) 181) dialog: Darry!?
0) 183) dialog: Darry?!
0) 186) dialog: How the Hell're you gonna get out of there, idiot! Darry stands slowly. Looks up the drain pipe.
0) 188) dialog: Darry? Brother doesn't answer. Takes a terrified step toward it.
0) 189) dialog: Do it then, climb out please. There can be no question it is a body. Blood stains on th head and midsection. Sheet around it. Tied with rope at t neck and ankles.
0) 192) dialog: h (peering down) What?
0) 196) dialog: Darry what in the Holy Hell are you doing down there?!
0) 198) dialog: You found what? Darry still staring at. Paling.
0) 201) dialog: Darry?
0) 204) dialog: Darry?
0) 208) dialog: I am up here all Goddamned alone little brother! Now get your ass up here, it is getting dark!
0) 210) dialog: Is she dead?
0) 212) dialog: Come on, before that guy comes back! Darry nods. Goes to hoist a foot up into the tube but sto His flashlight has swept over something else outside the of daylight. He throws the light along the damp earth, past the lifele body of the boy and over to... Two more bloody, sheet-wrapped bodies. Piled on top of ea other. Darry in shock... Stares numbly at them. Swallows. Starts his head 'no'. Cannot accept this. Will not accept this. Darry charging now, back toward the pool of daylight. EXT. OLD CHURCH. LATE DAY. SAME TIME. Above, Trish sees him hoist himself into the tube and sta furious, frightened climb toward daylight.
0) 214) dialog: What's the matter... But little brother isn't answering. Just clamoring desperately to get back up top and away from this place forever... Halfway up he slips. THE PIPE GROANS as he tries to get n footing.
0) 215) dialog: Be careful!
0) 217) dialog: This whole thing is moving... He catches his breath, still staring up at her.
0) 218) dialog: Say something Darry, you're scaring the shit out of me! Darry starts up again. His sister reaching down toward hi Slow crane up: moving above the pipe and above the church High enough to look down the lonely two-lane: And see a van headed toward them in the distance... Darry reaches up for his sister's hand as the PIPE SHRIEK AGAIN. More soot dislodging. Running past him.
0) 219) dialog: Shhh!!! She hears THE APPROACHING ENGINE. Looks down at little br
0) 220) dialog: Someone's coming... (off his look) Someone's coming!!! In a new panic he grabs Trish's hand. With a concerted ef big sis pulls little brother up to the mouth of the pipe.
0) 221) dialog: (trying to look behind her) Hurry!!!! WRRANNKKKKK! !!! The pipe makes A NEW, SHRILLER KIND OF SOUND... and Darry can feel the entire thing shift. Really clutching his sister's hand now. Grabs the lip of pipe with the other. But a piece of its jagged, torn meta stabs into his palm. He yells. Retracts his hand violently. Loses his footing. Slides out of Trish's grip. Down he goes again. Thrashing the way.
0) 222) dialog: Darry!
0) 224) dialog: Darrrrry! Tries to see through the cloud of dust that shoots up out the tube AS THE SOUND OF THE APPROACHING VAN GETS LOUDER. She whirls toward the highway. Dashes toward her car. Hud in front of it. Peers around the left front wheel. Her he racing. The van comes into view... But not a dark van. This is another, newer van. And it continues down the two-lane without ever stopping. INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM. CHURCH. DUSK. MOMENTS LATER. Darry sitting on the ground against the fallen half of th pipe staring at the gash in his hand. Stares up with Tris voice.
0) 225) dialog: It wasn't him.
0) 227) dialog: You were the one who wanted to come back here and have a little adventure!
0) 229) dialog: Well I hope there's another way outta there.
0) 231) dialog: You don't think I'm going in there?
1) 4) text: Darry swings the light to the other side of the chamber. Another grotesque mural of the dead, extending deep into darkness ahead... God how many bodies are down here? Darry moves forward -drawn by his own need to prove none this can possibly be real! Some bodies are turned away. Skeletal heads looking back their shoulders -petrified backsides showing more stitche Several are as armless as the Venus DeMilo. Some missing other limbs. Heads. Feet. Genitals. Darry's growing repulsion moves him faster -how big is th room? Feels like a football field... Deeper along the hideous walls, Darry turns abruptly. Two withered corpses in the tapestry. On the finger of one: a large ring. An old Varsity ring. beam reflecting off its dusty jeweled surface. Darry star at it with unquestionable recognition. Looks slowly to the corpse beside it. A girl? Once? Her incision is all around her neck. As if her head had been severed and then sewn back on. EXT. OLD CHURCH. DUSK. SAME TIME. Trish parked at the corner of the old church. Keeping an on both directions of the empty two lane. Watching the lo shadows as the sun drops. Feels something creeping over her. Looks up. The sun is dropping behind the steeple of the church, the shadow of the tower slowly falling on her. She sits anxious in its growing darkness. INT. SUBTERRANEAN ROOM. CHURCH. DUSK. SAME TIME. The same below: Darry staring back at the distant archway the dying sunlight. Looks ahead at the cavern of the dead. The ambient light fading away over all those twisted faces... this place is getting really dark.
1) 7) text: This is enough! Darry reaches out. Yanks with all his mig on the forearm of the headless man and in a terrible fren dislodges the door. It comes off its hinges and topples toward Darry -corpse all. The door is heavy and it hits hard -but not as hard as Da hits the ground. The corpse falling on top of him -the head still attached some brittle tendon, nuzzles into his shoulder. Darry doesn't have time to scream -he throws the door off and scrambles forward, through the dark open doorway and some dusty steps beyond. Climbing and screaming. Screaming and climbing. And climb some more... EXT. OLD CHURCH. NIGHT. MOMENTS LATER. Down the highway, two headlights appear. Trish instantly afraid. Stares down at them. Could this b him? Trish looks at the church. Where the Hell is he? The headlights closer now. The vehicle is big. The van? She is suddenly unreasonable with panic. Doesn't know wha do. --The lights of the oncoming vehicle starting to show her face. She ducks. Below the dashboard. Can hear THE ENGINE. HEAV LIKE THE VAN. Lights spilling across the dash now. She reaches up from below. Turns the key. The engine won't turn over. Lights really bright now. Almost upon her. Turns the key again. Goddamn thing won't start! Trish's eyes starting to well. Light filling the interior the car. The engine finally sparks. She is ready. But the lights are passing now. And she peeks over the da at nothing but an old pick up continuing on down the high Trish sits up- SCREAMS!!! SOMEONE AT HER WINDOW. STARING
1) 11) dialog: Goddammit Darry!!!! He just stares.
1) 12) dialog: You asshole! Sees that something is very wrong. Little brother just staring back. EXT. LONELY COUNTRY ROAD. NIGHT. MINUTES LATER. Trish drives in silence. The highway rushing past them. K throwing looks at her brother. Still as a statue. Face di Bloody hand wrapped in a piece of torn T shirt. Eyes star ahead. Oncoming headlights now. Both brother and sister study th Another truck. It rushes past. A sign up ahead:
1) 14) dialog: Would you please just say something?! (no response) I mean it Darry, you're scaring the shit out of me! His voice as subdued as she has ever heard it.
1) 18) dialog: You said that happened a hundred miles from here-
1) 24) dialog: We have to or we're not gonna make it home. She continues on toward the only lights. Combination Restaurant and Gas Station. The tall sign stretching into stars announces plainly: Trish pulls in. Rolls under the hot white neon over the g pumps. Looks over at little brother.
1) 25) dialog: You gonna make a phone call? Darry just nods. Opens the car door.
1) 26) dialog: Throw some water on yourself. You look like you just crawled out of a sewer. Darry moves with fatigue toward the restaurant. Several c and big trucks parked around it. Trish moves to the pump. There is a pad lock on it. She g it. Yanks on it. Turns to her brother.
1) 27) dialog: Darry? (off his look) Pumps are locked. She watches him turn and move inside. INT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Darry steps in. Darker than he expected. Stares ahead. Et in the light of a cigarette machine. He must look pretty bad because those who do catch a glim of him, take another one quickly. Like the PLUMP WAITRESS eye-balling him. She is fifty- something. Name tag reads BEVERLY.
1) 38) dialog: This is an emergency! Her raised tone turns more than a few heads.
1) 39) dialog: I need you to please call the police. (off her look) Right now. Please get them here right away. Waitress Beverly stares at her now.
1) 40) dialog: Someone is dead! Can you please just call someone?! Trish meets the eyes of other patrons who have heard this FAMILY with TWO SMALL CHILDREN -eyes wide staring back at her.
1) 42) dialog: Are you gonna call or not?! Beverly regards her a moment longer and starts back towar the kitchen. The Men's Room Door opens and Darry comes ou Washed. Looks better. Until sister rushes at him.
1) 43) dialog: I saw him! I saw the van again! Darry instantly panicked. Runs toward the windows.
1) 44) dialog: I think he's headed back to the church!
1) 46) dialog: You think I'm gonna forget what it looks like?!
1) 47) text: Trish lets out an anxious sigh. Falls against the wall. Between the cigarette machine and the payphone. Holds her face in her hands.
1) 50) dialog: I don't wanna think of a time.
1) 52) dialog: Just shut-up Darry-
1) 55) dialog: I am so scared, Darry. He is gonna get back to that church and he is gonna know we were down there! THE PAY PHONE RINGS LOUDLY BESIDE HER AND SHE SCREAMS. The entire restaurant is looking at her now. Beverly on t phone by the registers stares over. Along with a roundish furry looking man of fifty or so. The MANAGER. She and little brother stare back at everyone. Embarrasse THE PHONE RINGS AGAIN. Darry waiting for someone to come over and answer the pho THIRD RING NOW.
1) 58) dialog: Hello?
1) 60) dialog: Am I what?
1) 64) dialog: I -what? Darry grabs the phone away from her.
1) 66) dialog: Darry hang up!
1) 71) text: WOMAN (cont'd) You tore it on the jagged edge of a metal pipe. Darry really in shock now. Stares at big sister. Trish crowding in to listen with him. WOMAN (cont’'d) (filtered) Can you still hear me?
1) 97) dialog: That sounded like a woman!
1) 101) dialog: What did she want? Darry turns and regards his sister.
1) 105) dialog: You think they believe us?
1) 107) dialog: I don't know if I would. He looks up with this.
1) 108) dialog: Sounds too much like somebody's bad dream. Is she trying to say she doesn't believe him?
1) 110) dialog: You don't think that's it, do you? We're dreaming? Darry doesn't answer. The juke box fills the silence.
1) 111) dialog: Maybe we're having one of those dreams like in the Twilight Zone where we're all ready dead. You know? We died out on the road and we just don't know it?
1) 113) dialog: We will get home you know? He nods. Feeling foolish. "Jeepers Creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers Creepers, where'd you get those eyes?" The juke box. Sinatra. Darry’s blood runs cold. Face suddenly ashen. Stares across the diner at the juke. Sis watching him strangely. Tries to follow his line of sight. "Gosh all get up, how'd they get so lit up..." He stands. Looks down at sis. “Gosh all get up, how’d the get that size?”
1) 114) dialog: Darry...? He moves now. Through the diner. As if drawn by the melod “Golly gee, when you turn those heaters on. Woa is me, go put my cheaters on...” Trish watches him from the table. Has little brother gone his nut?
1) 115) text: Patrons are stopping their eating. Watching him as he pas by in some confused trance. “Jeepers, Creepers, where’d you get those peepers? Oh tho weepers, how they hypnotize...” Darry at the jukebox now. Staring down into its glow. Thi he must be losing his mind. His own striking eyes even mo beautiful in the golden glow of the machine. “Where’d you get those eyes?” The song goes instrumental. He looks back at Trish. The Troopers are at her table. Sis looking over at him. Darry moves back quickly. TROOPER GIDEON is a tall, powerful looking Native America Strong face and piercing eyes. His partner TROOPER WESTON a capable looking woman of thirty or so.
1) 120) dialog: -Brandon.
1) 140) dialog: Saw what?!
1) 143) dialog: A man?
1) 148) dialog: It was him. (to the Troopers) He had time to get to the church and then get back here-
1) 160) dialog: Can we please get some gas now?
1) 162) dialog: (at the wheel) They're still back there.
1) 164) dialog: You still don't think they believe us?
1) 166) dialog: How did he what?
1) 169) dialog: Onto the roof of a building? Darry feels dumb. Stares out the window.
1) 170) dialog: What the Hell was he doing with your clothes? She smirks suddenly. Then laughs.
1) 171) dialog: Maybe he can leap tall buildings in a single bound. I mean he’d have to be superhuman, otherwise the smell would've killed him! INT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Troopers Gideon and Weston in the car escorting them. Gid driving. THEIR RADIO SOUNDS.
1) 180) dialog: Get real.
1) 182) dialog: Unlike the Braniacs you take out. Braniacs only if they're brains come in twos and lift and separate.
1) 184) dialog: Well they’re not quite as easy as the bimbos you flash those Bambi eyes at. Watch ‘em fall down with their legs apart. Darry doesn’t like this. Reminds him of the phone call. D you have big beautiful eyes? Sis checks the rearview agai
1) 185) dialog: I did notice he was a little more interested in getting the story from me than from you.
1) 188) dialog: He did have a nice ass.
2) 0) text: Trish and Darry staring ahead -ROCK SONG BLARING. Neither looking behind them. Something black with a cape whipping in the wind perched the roof of their escort's car? INT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
3) 0) text: Trooper Weston's body is yanked out of the car. Through t open window! Gone in one powerful, violent motion. HER SCREAM swallowed instantly as she disappears. Trooper Gideon in shock. No time to even turn his head-- WHAM!!! The large, razor sharp blade of a battle axe brea through the roof of the police car --right in front of hi face. INT. TRISH'S CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. The kids still listening to the loud song. Behind them, t patrol car swerves erratically. Something dark still ridi on top of it.
3) 2) dialog: What was that? Brother sticks his head out the window. Stares into the n sky. Sis looking behind them.
3) 5) dialog: Darry... Looks back at her. She holds up three fingers smudged wit blood.
3) 7) text: DARRY (cont'd) Trish, get in the car! Trish paling. Turning to do this. Caught by the sight of something else. Down the road -just past the police car. A roundish thing the middle of the highway -silhouetted in moonlight. Trooper Gideon's head. Staring out at her with dead eyes. This is what hit them and rolled off the hood!
3) 8) dialog: Darry... Darry trying to make out the face in the flaring lights. eyes. So white.
3) 10) text: Holds it high. Level with its own eyes. Draws it closer. close he could be kissing it. DARRY (cont'd) (a whisper) I'm not seeing this. The Figure turns the grizzly thing around now. Does the s with the back of the head. And both kids realize what he is doing. Smelling it... DARRY (cont'd) What the Hell are we looking at, Trish? More horrid disbelief as the figure drop kicks the head - sending it high in the sky and off into the tall grass of nearby field. DARRY (cont'd) Let's get the Hell outta here... The Figure turns now. Staring back at them.
3) 14) dialog: Don't know and don't wanna.
4) 0) text: Both Trish and Darry see it at the same time. A farmhouse Down a gravel drive off the road. Lights on in the window
4) 1) dialog: There's a phone!
4) 3) dialog: I wanna get to anyone who can help us!
4) 5) dialog: I don't know and I'm not gonna wait to find out. Trish takes the gravel drive. Jostles down the lane.
4) 6) dialog: Look we just ask to use the phone, okay? We don't freak these people out. The house comes into more detail. Old and sagging. But it warmly lit windows like a beacon. Of safety. Sanity.
4) 8) dialog: We don't wanna scare 'em. We just wanna call for help. Headlights etching the overgrown garden that is the front yard. An ancient pick-up to one side. In the center of th overgrowth, a sagging thing scarcely presuming to be a scarecrow.
4) 11) dialog: It's pretty run down. Hope they have a phone.
4) 13) dialog: I hope they don't. She opens the door. Gets out. Darry too. Their first look to the highway. Empty. For as far as the eye can see. KER-CLINK! THE DISTINCT SOUND OF A RIFLE BEING COCKED tur the kids quickly toward the house.
4) 16) dialog: Patricia James. This is my brother Darry.
4) 19) dialog: A telephone?
4) 22) dialog: What do you think she is?
4) 25) dialog: Someone's been killed. A police officer. Down the road. The screen door opens now and THE CAT LADY steps out. A strange looking woman of fifty or so. Very intense around eyes. MEOWWW...
4) 26) dialog: We just came from there- Sounds of cats at her feet. She pushes a couple back inside the screen with a foot. A foot wearing a fuzz pink slipper. Darry staring down at the felines. Remembers instantly th strange phone call at the diner. Did you see the cats yet The Woman gun still
4) 27) dialog: It's a ways back. You can't see it from here. levels her eyes at the two. Judging them. Her shot clenched tightly.
4) 29) text: Trish climbs the porch steps. Sees Darry still staring do at the cats inside the door. Trisha doesn't understand. Makes a face that tells him to hurry up! He starts forward. Cat Lady opens the screen fo them -again holding one feline inside with a fuzzy slippe
4) 37) text: CAT LADY (cont'd) Just a bunch of punk kids with badges and guns if you ask me. Trish moves to the phone. It too surrounded by felines. Scatters a few as she reaches down and lifts the receiver
4) 45) dialog: Yes, Patrica James. We just left Trentdale with a police escort.
4) 47) dialog: I thought I was.
4) 52) dialog: Your phone just went dead. She is looking at her brother and thinking the worse. The Cat Lady marches over to hear for herself. Puts the p to her ear as the lights go out all over the house.
4) 53) text: Darry, Trish, the Cat Lady and her many fuzzy minions suddenly plunged into darkness. Darry rushing to the window -the cat still in his arms. EXT. FARMHOUSE. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Out in the overgrown garden, the plastic sunflower again clicks to a stop in the silent, moonlit yard. INT. FARMHOUSE. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
5) 22) dialog: Darry!!! Sis hurries to him. Starts dragging him toward the front door. She just wants out. Wants to go!
5) 34) dialog: (matching his tone) One freaky thing at a time, alright?! Silence. Both staring ahead now. Darry whispering his new mantra.
5) 36) dialog: Right.
5) 39) dialog: He was wearing a mask.
5) 42) dialog: Darry! Trish has her own problem: up ahead The railroad crossing lights flashing, automated arms lowering AND BELLS ARE RINGING LOUDLY. Darry out the back squinting into the blaring headlights.
5) 45) dialog: Darry!!
5) 47) dialog: Maybe down the tracks!
5) 49) dialog: I can maybe get to the conductor!
5) 54) dialog: He wants us to! Darry stares at her. She knows this?
5) 56) dialog: (emphatically) We are going to die!!!!
5) 58) dialog: Let go of the wheel! Darry looks behind him. Nothing but the train CLANKING NOISILY over the tracks.
5) 60) dialog: Something's wrong.
5) 63) dialog: The gears are sticking-
5) 65) dialog: What do you want me to do?! Trish and Darry both grapple the stick shift. Can't wrest the car into first gear.
5) 67) dialog: You're gonna break it! Not seeing, as we do, something black shooting into the s from the other side of the train.
5) 72) text: Trying desperately to lose the thing on the trunk. Trish slams on the brakes. The car swings sideways violen Finally flinging it into the air. The kids watch as he flails into space. Coat flapping aro him -like a giant bat who has suddenly lost its equilibri Hitting the asphalt hard and rolling and skidding. Things falling out of his coat as he does. The battle axe CLANGING noisily on the ground and another insidious looking knife, bouncing on the asphalt with a couple of others --like the Creature, coming to an abrupt violent halt.
5) 79) text: Trish slams the pedal to the metal. Corrects the position the car and rockets forward with as much speed as she can build. The Creature's face caught in the glare of the headlights WHAM! Trish slams into it hard. The car's wheels pummel it savagely. Both kids grimacing
5) 82) dialog: You think he's dead?
5) 84) dialog: Right. Trish throws the car in reverse and speeds back at the lifeless shape. KER-POP! A sickeningly distinct sound as the tires roll o its legs this time. Trish comes to a halt behind it. Staring ahead into the h beams: there can be no mistaking this thing is flattened! On the asphalt, at the end of one coat sleeve, a hand lay crushed. Tire treads over it. Even bones crushed and flak like Greek pastry. Blowing away now. The whole hand blowing away. Dust in th wind.
5) 88) dialog: I don't know how much farther this car's gonna go.
5) 90) dialog: It's the Poho County Sheriff's Department. It's right off the main highway about twenty miles before Trentdale. I am serious mom, we're okay. The car, I don't know. Tell dad we may have to have it towed someplace. Darry turns away for a moment. Caught by something on an opposite wall. A long bulletin board of missing persons. An ocean of fac Men, women and children. Some of the headings read: HAVE
5) 92) dialog: (0.S.)
5) 94) dialog: Hey... (off his look) They're on their way. Be here in about an hour.
5) 96) dialog: Right.
5) 100) dialog: (recognizes her own words being used mockingly) Shut up! In from the night steps JEZELLE GAY HARTMAN. Heavy set. L forties. Sweet, plump face. In Capri pants, sneakers and sweatshirt, she is a woman on a mission.
5) 137) dialog: (standing, pointedly) I’m gonna be sick. Darry would you come and help me throw up, please?
5) 144) dialog: Like?
5) 148) dialog: Oh fuck you! EXT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Many off duty patrol cars. TWO OFFICERS just sitting down theirs. Coffee cups in hand. Engine turns over and they r out of the lot. While at the opposite end, an old dark van rolls into vie Its familiar license plate vibrating slightly with the ro idle of the engine:
5) 155) dialog: And you don't know how you know that, you just do, right?! Jezelle stares at her. Eyes welling. Looks so sad. Like h heart is breaking. Like there is something else she knows Something too terrible for her to say.
5) 162) text: JEZELLE (cont'd) (tries to sing in her frighted whisper) Jeepers Creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Darry and Trish looking at each other. This lady has real gone over the edge.
6) 75) dialog: We have to get out!
6) 77) dialog: How are we gonna get out from upstairs!? Darry sees it first: At the far end of the hall. A famili silhouette. Still. Impassive.
6) 80) text: The Creature is so close she can feel his wind... can fee blasting past her. Her moment of doom has passed quickly. She turns and sees Creature racing up the stairs at top speed. INT. SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT SECOND STORY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry running for their lives. Where to they do know. The corridors are dark and maze-like. Stopping finally. Confused whether to keep moving or find place and hide. They don’t have to think long. The Creature roars into vi ahead of them and they start a nightmare flight back into maze. The Creature pursues with incredible speed. The kids practically falling around corners they are running so fa Behind them like some Dark Avenger, the Creature soars. Gaining. Always gaining. Rounds another corner and halts: The kids gone. Several d they could've slipped into. He chooses one. The Creature in the doorway. This is an interrogation roo Dark and empty. Caught by its own reflection in the large mirror on the wall. A two-way mirror. On the other side, Trish and Darry, watching breathless. Terrified as the Creature surveys th mirror and steps toward it. The kids silent. Holding each other. The terrible visage the Thing pressed against the glass now. Does it sense something behind it? Those white eyes staring in. As if they could see through And then its tongue comes out. Long. Licks the glass from to high in some horrible, pre-culinary gesture. Trish and Darry watching with repulsion. Then relief. Hav left a snail trail on the mirror, the Creature is turning away. Turning away from the mirror and- KER-TASSSSHHH! !!! The plexi-window explodes as the Creat crashes through it. Trish and Darry scrambling back in a blind panic and a shower of glass.
6) 81) text: The Creature in the center of the room. Poised like an animal, ready to pounce. Trish and Darry can barely move. Paralyzed with fear as t Thing steps closer. Backs them to the wall. Brother and sister, side by side. Those hideous milky eyes glare at Trish. Burning into her Watches as he inches closer. Darry starts to move. Pinned against the wall instantly b the Creature's iron grip. Pinned there watching as the Creature moves even closer to his sister.
6) 82) dialog: (barely a whisper) Darry... Nose to nose now they are so close. She can feel the horr stench of his cannibal breath. Its horrible, raspy whispe now:
6) 89) text: Trish and Darry blast forward. Sprinting through the atrocities and toward the entrance. The glass doors -also shattered by AN OFFICER'S BODY hanging half in and out. They step over him and out to the parking lot. EXT. POHO COUNTY SHERIFF'S BLDG. EXT. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry searching frantically for their car. They Jezelle’s Winnebago. But not a sign of their own vehicle. way to drive out of here. Except for the Creature’s black van still idling in the corner of the lot. MORE GUNSHOT BLASTS and flashes from the second story. To Darry, the choice is simple. He is sprinting toward th van.
6) 90) dialog: No! Little brother sprints to the driver door and throws it o A STENCH SO FOUL meets him that he has to grimace. Thinks twice about this now.
6) 95) dialog: What the Hell are you waiting for?! Darry grapples the sticky gear shift again -tries to get in first. THE GEARS GRIND -SHRIEKING AS IF THEY WERE SOUL BEING TORTURED. The Creature vaults forward. Leaping impossibly off the r of the building and onto the roof of Jezelle’s Winnebago. Landing on his feet. Glaring at Darry. Starting across th parking lot. Not on the ground. He has leapt into the air and is leapi from police car roof to police car roof with each stride.
6) 97) dialog: Darry!!! The van lurches forward again. Moving now but not fast.
6) 106) dialog: Darry... A warning from sis. Brother checks out the rearview: the distant Creature is on his feet now. And running. Running toward them.
6) 108) dialog: He’s not getting smaller... He is actually gaining on them. His legs a blur of darkne he is coming so fast. Darry checking the speedometer: the van is doing 120 mile hour. And the Creature is gaining on him.
6) 116) dialog: Watch it... Trish scrambling for another weapon. THE CREATURE’S VELOCITY IS MAKING ITS OWN HISSING SOUND.. Brother and sister listening to it grow LOUDER AND LOUDER Trish with an angry looking battle axe at the ready. Sees SCREAMING dust storm is almost upon them. KA-POOOMMM!!!! The back doors blast inward as the Creatur explodes into the van. Trish thrown ahead against the dash. Darry losing control again. The van hits the shoulder of the road hard! Inside the Creature advances. Trish lurching forward with axe at the ready for him. She swings it:
6) 117) text: THWOCK!!! HIS HEAD IS NEATLY SLICED OFF. Leaves a small p of dust at his neck as it rolls right out the back of the and down the highway. The Creature’s headless body staggering back. Trish stari at it. Charges ahead with the same weapon and hurls it! Direct hit! Knocks the torso back out the doors. It hits the asphalt hard and goes rolling and rolling in sporadic puffs of dust...
6) 120) dialog: He’s dead! He doesn’t have a head!!!
6) 122) dialog: Darry! He doesn’t have a fucking head!!
6) 124) dialog: How’s he supposed to eat any thing without a head?!!! Brother and sister staring breathless at each other. Darr words are calm now. Almost whispered.
6) 129) dialog: He’s dead!
6) 135) dialog: 
6) 136) dialog: What the Hell’re you gonna do?! KA-RANNKKK!!!! Down comes the Creature’s hand again, maki larger hole in the roof of the van, grappling for Darry’s head. It finds him. Holds on tight. Darry screaming. Trish race forward.
6) 137) dialog: Look out!!! She swings the axe again! THWOMP!!! The hand grappling he brother is severed. It falls to the ground and she kicks out the back of the van. It hits hard in a cloud of dust... Up top: the armless, headless Creature reaches down again with his one remaining arm...
6) 140) dialog: You're not doing anything without me! She takes another long sharp spear and thrusts it through roof of the van. Up top: the spear-head pierces the Creature’s headless to pinning it to the top of the van. This makes him more angry. His remaining arm reaching dow for Darry -grapples with new violence for his head. Finds Darry trying to wrench it off him. It starts to pull him upward. Trish runs forward with her axe but little brother surpri her. Grabs her arm and pulls her onto his lap.
6) 141) dialog: Darry! Forces the axe out of her hand. Kicks open his door. Look terrified as he flashes a last look at her.
6) 146) dialog: 
6) 159) dialog: Your dreams are wrong. Jezelle stops. Turns and looks at her.
6) 160) dialog: Sometimes. Darry didn't die like you said he would.
6) 162) text: Jezelle nods in silent agreement. Though there is somethi in her eyes we cannot discern. She turns away. Moves toward her Winnebago. Trisha lookin on. Somewhere we hear the tune Jeeper’s Creeper’s. Instrument version. Playful. Strange in this grim context as we: