1) 115) text: Patrons are stopping their eating. Watching him as he pas by in some confused trance. “Jeepers, Creepers, where’d you get those peepers? Oh tho weepers, how they hypnotize...” Darry at the jukebox now. Staring down into its glow. Thi he must be losing his mind. His own striking eyes even mo beautiful in the golden glow of the machine. “Where’d you get those eyes?” The song goes instrumental. He looks back at Trish. The Troopers are at her table. Sis looking over at him. Darry moves back quickly. TROOPER GIDEON is a tall, powerful looking Native America Strong face and piercing eyes. His partner TROOPER WESTON a capable looking woman of thirty or so.
1) 116) dialog: I was just telling your sister, we're running the plates and we've got a unit on their way out to the old church.
1) 118) dialog: Tell me something. These kids you saw on that wall? Who were they again?
1) 121) dialog: Found their car all smashed up ‘bout twenty years ago? Am I remembering this right? (off Darry's nod) Those bodies would be nothing but bones by now. You said he still had skin on him anda ring on his finger.
1) 124) dialog: Not saying anything-
1) 126) dialog: Well then how do you know they were even real bodies? Darry thrown by this. Stares at the Trooper.
1) 127) dialog: Look all I'm trying to do here is get the facts straight-
1) 133) dialog: No one's saying you're lying, Darius-
1) 135) dialog: And I said we were doing everything we know how to do. They step past Gideon toward the dining area. Waitress Beverly just coming back in the front doors. Looking dire at Trish.
1) 150) dialog: Alright, we don't need anymore excitement than we already have-
1) 155) dialog: Looks like somebody already did. He looks up at his partner. A breeze comes up and the "pr starts to blow away. Gideon thinks fast. Whips out an evidence bag and catches some of it as it blows into the wind. A_SLOW CRANE UP: As we rise slowly.
1) 157) dialog: Gonna find out real quick.
1) 161) dialog: Everybody just keep calm. Everything's gonna get taken care of. ..-until we are high above the parking lot. Everyone belo just tiny dots of jabbering color. We have ascended final to the top of the sign that reads DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. And atop that, a dark Figure is perched. His long black c flapping in the night wind as he stares down. Like some dark bird of prey... EXT. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. THIRTY MINUTES LATER. WOOSSHHH!!! Trish's car flies past us down the starlit tw lane. Headlights burning into the night. Behind them, ano pair of headlights. A STATE TROOPER CAR. Darry looks back at them.
2) 4) dialog: Say what?!
2) 7) dialog: Hold on Central... A puzzled Trooper Weston rolls down the window. Rises out her seat. Head out the window to get a look up top. EXT. TROOPER CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trooper Weston stretches higher now, looks out over the r of the patrol car-- What she sees moves so fast in the windy night, she can't even react-
3) 0) text: Trooper Weston's body is yanked out of the car. Through t open window! Gone in one powerful, violent motion. HER SCREAM swallowed instantly as she disappears. Trooper Gideon in shock. No time to even turn his head-- WHAM!!! The large, razor sharp blade of a battle axe brea through the roof of the police car --right in front of hi face. INT. TRISH'S CAR. COUNTRY HIGHWAY. NIGHT. SAME TIME. The kids still listening to the loud song. Behind them, t patrol car swerves erratically. Something dark still ridi on top of it.
3) 7) text: DARRY (cont'd) Trish, get in the car! Trish paling. Turning to do this. Caught by the sight of something else. Down the road -just past the police car. A roundish thing the middle of the highway -silhouetted in moonlight. Trooper Gideon's head. Staring out at her with dead eyes. This is what hit them and rolled off the hood!