1) 29) dialog: Restrooms are for paying customers, kiddo.
1) 31) dialog: (a well worn rhyme) Pump's locked at eight o'clock. Darry has no energy to argue. Looks out at his sister.
1) 33) dialog: (calls back to the kitchen) Arnie, you got the pump lights on again! Trish suddenly plunged into darkness. Waitress Beverly lo back to Darry as if that settled everything.
1) 35) dialog: You look like you need a little more than gas, kiddo. EXT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish is fit to be tied. Storms toward the diner. Cursing under her breath. Is almost to the front doors when out o the two lane comes the sound of a familiar engine. This is the sound of the van. There can be no question. She spots it instantly. Sailing down the highway. Speedin past Trentdale. Knows it must be headed back to the old church. INT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish bursts in. Patrons staring at her. TWO TRUCKERS especially. They don't make eyes at her, but she knows th look. Beverly pouring coffee for them.
1) 37) dialog: Pumps locked at eight o'clock-
1) 41) dialog: Someone's dead where?
1) 103) dialog: You kids wanna piece of pie or coffee or something? They shake their heads no, staring at two STATE TROOPERS the counter, conferring with the Manager.
1) 104) dialog: Let me know if you change your mind.
1) 136) dialog: That's your car out at the pumps, isn't it? EXT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. SAME TIME. Trish and Darry blast out into the brisk night. Beverly r behind them. Ahead is their car. Still in shadow at the pumps. But the left rear door is open and spilled out onto the asphalt i Darry's dirty laundry. The Troopers join them now. Watching as brother and siste move quickly toward the car.
1) 137) dialog: Someone saw him from the window. Trish and Darry stop. Turn to her. She nods back to the patrons staring out from inside.
1) 138) dialog: Thought they had to be kidding.
1) 141) dialog: (impatient) The man out there at your car! The kids and Troopers instantly look for him.
1) 142) dialog: Well he already ran off!
1) 144) dialog: More like a pervert. (off their puzzled looks) That's why everyone was watching. He was outside the car there sniffing that laundry. Darry and Trish staring at her.
1) 145) dialog: Holding big handfuls of it under his nose. Looked like he was liking it too. Darry at the car now. Shirts, socks, shorts all spilled o of the basket. Darry looks back at Trish.
1) 147) dialog: Which way he run off, Billy? A Trucker at the window points out. Beyond the pumps. Dow the empty and shadowy street.