1) 57) dialog: (filtered) Yes hello?
1) 59) dialog: (filtered) Are you wearing a white shirt with an emblem on the sleeve?
1) 62) dialog: (filtered) Blue jeans? Are you wearing blue jeans? A confused look from Darry to Trish.
1) 63) dialog: (filtered) Please you have to tell me.
1) 67) dialog: (filtered) Darry? You're Darry? (he just listens) I don't know exactly what you look like Darry, but you have very big and very beautiful eyes am I right? Darry just staring at Trish in utter confusion.
1) 68) dialog: (filtered) They’re big and they’re blue and they’re very beautiful. Darry panicked now. She can see me! He moves quickly to s faces in the dining area. Yanked back when the phone cord won't reach.
1) 69) dialog: (filtered) Please don't be frightened. You're wearing a pair of blue jeans where the third belt loop is torn. Why is she saying this? Looks to his pants. Third belt lo
1) 70) dialog: (filtered) I know how you tore it, too. (MORE )
1) 71) text: WOMAN (cont'd) You tore it on the jagged edge of a metal pipe. Darry really in shock now. Stares at big sister. Trish crowding in to listen with him. WOMAN (cont’'d) (filtered) Can you still hear me?
1) 73) dialog: (filtered) I don't have time to explain.
1) 75) dialog: (filtered) Have you seen the cats yet?
1) 77) dialog: (filtered) Have you seen the cats yet? Lots of cats?
1) 79) dialog: (filtered) I don't know how to make you listen. The van. I saw the van too. With the license plate.
1) 82) dialog: (filtered) No, not "Beating You", think about it again. Once more Darry confused. WOMAN (cont’'d) (filtered) I need you to wait for me. I'm about an hour away. Can you do that?
1) 84) dialog: (filtered) I have something very important you have to hear from me. I don’t know how I can make you believe that but it’s true!
1) 86) dialog: (filtered) There’s a song! (again Darry’s confused look at sis) Jeepers Creepers. Do you know it? It’s an old song. INT. UNKNOWN LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. SAME TIME. We cannot see the woman on the telephone but we hear the player nearby. THE VELVETY TONES OF MEL TORME SINGING “Jeepers, Creepers, where’d you get those peepers?”
1) 87) dialog: Been recorded about a million times. We see several new CDs on a TOWER RECORDS bag. CDs torn o FRANK SINATRA, JOHNNY MERCER, MEL TORME... their cases st about. CDs too. All over the table.
1) 88) dialog: Can you hear it?
1) 91) dialog: Listen. Very carefully. INT. DELROY'S FOOD AND GAS. NIGHT. SAME TIME.
1) 93) dialog: (filtered) You hear that song? Run. (Darry’s confusion peaking) You listening to me? That song means something terrible is about to happen to you-
1) 95) dialog: Something so terrible you could never imagine it- Darry hangs up angrily. Moves quickly to look out over th eatery.
1) 115) text: Patrons are stopping their eating. Watching him as he pas by in some confused trance. “Jeepers, Creepers, where’d you get those peepers? Oh tho weepers, how they hypnotize...” Darry at the jukebox now. Staring down into its glow. Thi he must be losing his mind. His own striking eyes even mo beautiful in the golden glow of the machine. “Where’d you get those eyes?” The song goes instrumental. He looks back at Trish. The Troopers are at her table. Sis looking over at him. Darry moves back quickly. TROOPER GIDEON is a tall, powerful looking Native America Strong face and piercing eyes. His partner TROOPER WESTON a capable looking woman of thirty or so.
5) 25) text: And sniffing. Sniffing her. The same way he did the offic decapitated head. Darry throws a look to his sister: at the door, hand on t knob -frozen by her brother's paling expression. Darry looks back: the Figure takes another long inhale an then peers around the dangling old woman. Out of the shad and down the stairs --directly at him. For the first time Darry sees its face clearly: Though the features are human. The glaring blind whites o the eyes -where pupils should be- give a much more terrif impression. Not of something human but of something else. Something dark and powerful that only wears the guise of human. ...Something utterly horrible and without conscien It stares at him a chilling moment longer. Again its rasp voice whispering from its lips.