44) 24) dialog: The giant looks up and responds instantly, surging forwar and bowling a path through the crowd to reach the tremend doors a heartbeat before closing. He hits them like a force of nature, driving the dozen me trying to close them back a foot, their boots skidding lo across the stone floor. But that’s where the forward momentum stops and the war o strength begins. OUTSIDE, more men pile on the doors, try to force them shut, while INSIDE Basho strains mightily against their combined efforts. KIRA’S SOLDIERS AND WARRIOR MONKS lash out at anyone within reach -- men, women, children - but find their weapons BLOCKED by ronin swords that appea from nowhere, protecting the innocents then striking thei own lethal return blow. An arrow about to take a child’s life is SEVERED IN MID-A by Minoru’s saving sword -- and before the cleaved arrow fall to the ground, Minoru snatches it out of the sky and stabs it into the face of an attacking warrior monk. OISHI defends against three warrior monks, SHATTERING all three of their weapons with a single angry strike. But as much damage as they’re doing, the ronin are desperately outnumbered and are starting to take heavy casualties. 93. ISOGAI and others take a hail of musket balls through the shoulders, legs, arms. HANJO barely slips aside from an iron fan slice chop mean brain him and loses his left ear for the effort. MINORU ducks away from a decapitating swipe of a RAZOR-SH WHIP CHAIN and we PUSH INTO A SLOW-MO ECU as the tip of t enemy’s steel whip NICKS HIS NECK, drawing only a single of blood. And though he fells one opponent after another, OISHI’s b is RAKED OPEN by dual tiger hooks. They have to get out.
44) 26) dialog: 
45) 0) text: Another arrow buries itself in Basho’s back and he loses valuable ground. OISHI sees his men taking heavy damage and calls out agai their only hope.
45) 2) dialog: And just as --
45) 4) dialog: hears his master’s voice and digs deep to the titan withi and SURGES FORWARD WITH EVERY LAST OUNCE OF SUPERHUMAN
52) 0) text: The ronin struggle to hold back immense waves of warriors The bodies of Kira’s samurai are piling high. Blood churn the ground to red mud. Kira’s soldiers work as a unit try to push through en mas but Basho uses his inhuman strength to hold them back. It’s questionable how long they can hold.