3) 42) dialog: I don’t understand. Why all this?
3) 55) dialog: He loves me...but I’1l never be good enough in his eyes. And Chikara walks off, leaving Hisae alone on the path, staring after the two men in her life departing in very separate directions...
18) 2) dialog: Oishi’s son turns on the crowd, wooden bokken in hand, an the crowd backs a step from his burning gaze. As the boy takes his father’s hand, Oishi looks at his so only one year older, but the eyes staring back at him are man’s eyes. Unlike his own. As the boy leads his father away from the jeering mob, RA FOCUS to Kira’s SPY, watching from a distance, satisfied Oishi is harmless...
19) 0) text: Chikara leads Oishi to tinry rundown shack in the poorest section of the village. Oishi’s wife is on her knees out front, digging burdock r from the tiny garden. Clearly times have been tough. Oishi look at Chikara.
19) 1) dialog: When they took you away, they took away everything. As Oishi takes this in, Hisae looks up and sees them.
28) 13) dialog: -- entering the ring of men. The sixteen-year-old moves t stand before his father; a boy on the precipice of manhoo
28) 14) dialog: Asano was my Lord as well. Oishi considers his son’s words... Then suddenly HURLS a sword at him lightning fast! Chikar CATCHES the blade by the hilt with ease. In his RIGHT hand. Oishi meets his son’s eyes with respect...and nods.
30) 0) text: The Artisan’s quarter. Metalsmiths’ Alley, specifically. Chikara wanders through in wonder. Past Isogai who critically examines a sword maker’s wares. Then on past another stall where Minoru is doing the same -- until his catches on something in particular. Minoru lifts a smooth white cube from the table.
30) 6) dialog: These are the ones we are looking for, right, Father? They are beautiful blades.
30) 9) dialog: Careful, Father! -- but rather than cut him, the metal BENDS like butter. sight impresses Chikara...but affects Oishi in a deeper w
30) 19) dialog: Yes. There is. 66. The Hares stop and turn on Chikara, who doesn’t back an i
30) 20) dialog: Samurai are supposed to protect their people, not prey upon them.
30) 22) dialog: I see no betters before me. There’s a dangerous moment. The Leader steps forward.
31) 0) text: Chikara stands at the Fruit Vendor Girl’s stall making su she’s okay.
31) 1) dialog: Are you certain you are all right? She refuses to make eye contact. A moment later, her FATH steps up and pushes Chikara away. Glares at him. GIRL’S FATHER You aren't welcome here. Your kind only brings trouble.
31) 2) dialog: I don’t understand. I came to your aid -- GIRL’S FATHER You are ronin. You are a disgrace. Nothing you do will ever change that. (beat) Now go. Shocked, Chikara looks around...and sees the entire marketplace FOCUSED on him. Looks of disdain. Anger. Hatred. And for the first time for Chikara, what it truly means t ronin hits home.
32) 0) text: The five ronin have regathered. Minoru sits beneath a tre carving the block of ivory he bought. In the b.g., Hanjo Isogai dump the bodies of the slain Hares in the river. Now PAN OVER TO REVEAL Chikara sitting on a rock, removed from the group. After a moment, Oishi approaches his son. Sits beside him Neither says a word, until finally --
32) 4) dialog: Do you wish me to go home? Oishi considers...then shakes his head.
33) 0) text: Minoru walks beside Chikara, who is drowning in a sea of doubt.
33) 1) dialog: I am so...ashamed. Minoru looks him in the eye. Man to man.
33) 3) dialog: But, I’m cursed. No matter how hard I try to suppress it, my left hand is dominant. If not for my father intervening back there... Chikara doesn’t finish the thought. It’s too terrible.
33) 5) dialog: That’s easy for you to say. My father respects you.
33) 8) dialog: But how?
33) 12) dialog: Aaauughh! In an instant, Oishi and the others are there. Hanjo uses the point of his sword to back the Ainu away.
38) 21) dialog: is fighting one ninja, when he suddenly finds himself surrounded by a dozen more. The situation is about to tur deadly when -- A HUGE HAND clamps down on his neck from behind and YANKS BACKWARDS. Another ninja?! No. It’s the Scar-Faced Ogre. He’s dragged Chikara back t the edge of a LAKE OF LAVA. There’s nowhere for them to g But as the ninja surge forward to kill them, Scar-Face ra his mallet high and SWINGS -- But not at the Ninja. AT THE LAVA! FWOOOSH! The hammer sends a SHEET OF LAVA at the attackin ninja who scream and burn. Instantly, Chikara and Scar-Fa charge forward, slashing and bashing the ninja down.
41) 0) text: -- the ronin finish securing their carts now filled with legendary weapons. With Mt. Fuji pointing heavenward in the plum-colored sky behind them, Oishi bows deeply before the Scar-Faced Ogre clearly the Ainu leader. Minoru and Chikara do the same.
42) 0) text: A campsite has been set up. All 47 ronin have regathered. It is clear they have been travelling hard, for all sleep the ground, utterly exhausted. Except for two. While the others sleep, Minoru and Chikara, practice swordwork by the light of the campfire. Minoru instructs in several maneuvers, counterbalancing his left-handednes with a knife in his right hand. And as the two practice maneuvers again and again, Chikara getting better with ea try --
49) 0) text: Now that the defenders are rushing toward the other side the castle, a half-dozen scaling hooks sail over this abandoned section of perimeter wall and -- CLINK-CLINK! - latch on! Moments later, OKUDA, HAZAMA, two other burly ronin and CHIKARA clamber up to the walk.
49) 4) dialog: -- but he can’t hear him over the din of battle. 103. Then -- swish! --a sword swipe brings his focus back to t battle.
49) 17) dialog: (stopping) No! We can’t! If we don’t open that gate, they die! But none step forward. Except Hazama.
54) 0) text: Chikara watches as a massive division of Kira’s men split away from the group assaulting the gate -- and begin raci up the rampart steps. 110.
54) 1) dialog: They’re after the cannon!
54) 3) dialog: (to Okuda and the others) Hold them back! And as Okuda’s force races to meet the octopus-armored samurai, Chikara and Hazama position the cannon at the rampart stairs and -- BOOOOM! Samurai bodies fly and fall as the stairs collapse. Then Chikara and Hazama charge into the fray.
60) 0) text: Hisae helps her husband into the pristine white robes in preparation for his seppuku. She’s fussing with tying the obi knot just so and getting increasingly frustrated -- when she simply drops her hand and begins to cry. Oishi holds her tenderly. Tilts her face up to look into wife’s tear-filled eyes. And he kisses her. Tragically. Passionately. Perfectly. When they part, Oishi turns to see Chikara standing at th door struggling to hold the stoicism of a samurai to make father proud, yet betrayed by the tears rising in his eye No words are needed here. Oishi moves to him and wraps hi into a fierce father’s hug. And as the tears begin to fall, Oishi holds him tight and whispers into his ear.
60) 3) dialog: I love you, father. 121.
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.
62) 2) dialog: 