14) 2) dialog: The Shogun be damned! Bushido says we avenge our master at all costs! On the far side of the room, OISHI stands, peering throug SHOOTING HOLE, lost in thought. Outside, the Shogunate’s samurai are massing before the armory, Lord Kira’s men in the vanguard. Oishi’s forces a desperately outnumbered. It will be a slaughter. Reverently, Minoru steps up beside Oishi.
14) 3) dialog: What say you, Blademaster? 34. The question wakes Oishi from his thoughts. He turns from the window. Then, quietly:
14) 7) dialog: (confused) What..? And Oishi issues the last order they would ever expect.
14) 11) dialog: Success or failure does not matter! The only thing that is important is that we uphold Honor by trying!
14) 13) dialog: You craven dog --! With a shocking display of speed, Oishi reaches out and H the haughty young samurai to the floor. Oishi has his sho sword out and at the gasping man’s throat in an instant.
24) 1) dialog: Blademaster. .? Oishi CLEAVES the wood beam their chain runs through, FRE them all.
28) 5) dialog: We should have fought! What good are we now? 60. The moment turns quiet. Despairing. Nearby, Sujo’s FALCON ruffles its feathers, sending a sno downy underfeathers to the temple floor. Oishi steps forward.
30) 0) text: The Artisan’s quarter. Metalsmiths’ Alley, specifically. Chikara wanders through in wonder. Past Isogai who critically examines a sword maker’s wares. Then on past another stall where Minoru is doing the same -- until his catches on something in particular. Minoru lifts a smooth white cube from the table.
30) 28) dialog: is in hot pursuit of Noto Hare #1. As nearly 60-year-old Hanjo starts to wheeze and fall back, Isogai calls out --
30) 29) dialog: Don’t worry, old man, I’ve got it! And Isogai takes off at speed, the entire hopes of the 47 ronin resting on his shoulders. Hare #1 runs like a rabbit before the hounds. Were he not drunk, he would certainly leave Isogai in the dust, but h legs have lost their split-second timing and fleetness. And Isogai is gaining. 68. Watching his pursuer over his shoulder more than the way ahead, Hare #1 rounds a corner -- and finds himself in a end alley. But just when we think he’1ll stop, he doesn’t -- and run straight for the alley wall! With every ounce of speed he can muster he LEAPS at the stones and REBOUNDS off them, sailing over the head of Isogai and toward freedom --!! But Isogai reaches up and grabs a foot as he passes -- an SLAMS him down to the earth. WHAM!! Now a desperate scrabble ensues, Hare #1 wielding his dou short swords like steel incisors. Isogai and he grapple o the ground, but the Hare’s moves are blazingly fast and h armored. Isogai’s attempts to harm him are thwarted by th steel and slowly, the fight turns. Hare #1 gets the upper hand, double blades poised above Isogai’s chest, and just he’s about to stab down -- TWO ELDERLY HANDS reach into frame, grip Hare #1’s helm a WRENCH IT VIOLENTLY AROUND -- KRRRAAAACCKK! -- BREAKING h neck. Hare #1 drops, boneless as a doll, and Isogai looks up at savior. HANJO stands there.
30) 31) dialog: I’m never going to hear the end of this, am I? Hanjo just smiles and we SLAM BACK TO--
32) 0) text: The five ronin have regathered. Minoru sits beneath a tre carving the block of ivory he bought. In the b.g., Hanjo Isogai dump the bodies of the slain Hares in the river. Now PAN OVER TO REVEAL Chikara sitting on a rock, removed from the group. After a moment, Oishi approaches his son. Sits beside him Neither says a word, until finally --
33) 15) dialog: Should I kill him?
33) 19) dialog: Answer him, you little beggar!
34) 0) text: Oishi’s men sit around as the One-Armed Ainu loudly finis a bowl of soup and uses his beard as a napkin. But when h signals for a refill of his sake cup, Isogai explodes.
34) 1) dialog: Why are we wasting our time?! He knows nothing! He’s simply trying to beg sake off us! 73. But before Isogai has finished his rant, the old man slid his walking stick apart to reveal THE MOST BEAUTIFUL EXAM OF SWORDMAKING WE HAVE EVER SEEN. Even Minoru, completely engrossed in carving his ivory bl looks up in wonder. In his hands, the Ainu holds a DOUBLE-EDGED KATANA, polis mirror bright. Like liquid silver. A steel dream... Words choke in Isogai’s throat. Oishi stares in open astonishment at the quality.
35) 10) dialog: I have heard enough! The man is clearly a thief, Oishi! No one makes koto blades anymore, the secrets are gone. The blade is too pretty. It would never stand up in battle battle. It’s a fake! At that, the Ainu rises.
35) 12) dialog: Watch your words, old man. I’m tempted to do just that!
35) 14) dialog: You should not have struck at me, old man. I regret that I had to kill you. But the Ainu doesn’t fall. And instead, starts to laugh.
38) 16) dialog: Now that he didn’t expect! But just then, a fresh wave of ninja enter the caves, led a familiar face -- the fearsome Ninja Clanlord -- who dispatches three ogres with terrifying ease. Seeing them coming --
51) 0) text: A statue of a DEMON OCTOPUS dominates the room. Panicking servants scream and scatter as Oishi, Hanjo and Isogai. Oishi grabs a COOK as he races by.