22) 1) dialog: You look as though you have travelled far. The voice is harsh and startling as an anchor chain clank The man fills two sake cups and pushes one forward.
22) 2) dialog: Here... Slake your thirst. Oishi sips. The Kapitan downs his.
22) 3) dialog: So..you have come for work?
22) 5) dialog: Your men? (mulls this) You are samurai, then? Under which lord do you serve? Oishi says no more. The Kapitan laughs, refilling his gla
22) 6) dialog: Ah... So you are ronin. You Japanese are a funny people. Distorting honor until it is a perversion beyond recognition. Oishi ignores the slight and the Kapitan downs his drink.
22) 7) dialog: The problem is this: your men came here willingly to work, but they’ve accrued many debts during their time here.
22) 9) dialog: How? Oishi removes his sword from his belt and places it reverently on the table. The Kapitan’s hands reach out from the dark; monstrous gr crusted paws covered in ROPE SCARS and SAILOR TATTOOS. So big, it’s hard to believe they’re human. The Kapitan clicks the scabbard open to examine the blade a ceremonial work of art, razor sharp. He runs his thumb along the edge until a DROP OF BLOOD trickles down the bl Then he slams the sword back in its sheath and sets it ba on the table.
22) 10) dialog: Done! In Rotterdam, we drink to a deal. The Kapitan fills both their glasses.
22) 11) dialog: Kampai. Oishi downs his sake.
22) 13) dialog: Will I? Oishi rises...but suddenly feels UNSTEADY.
22) 14) dialog: You Japanese... The arrogance is staggering. I mean, here you sit, despised by your own people, unwanted, unhireable...and yet you presume to give me orders. Oishi collapses forward as the world TILTS CRAZILY. And w horror he realizes he’s been DRUGGED.
22) 15) dialog: You forget yourself, ronin. We may not be allowed to step foot onto Japanese soil without risking our entire shipping operation, but the blade cuts both ways. This is Dutch land. You can almost hear the bastard grinning. Oishi goes for his sword -- but the table EXPLODES UP, th across the room as easily as a toy. Oishi stumbles back and watches in horror as the Kapitan steps into the light. The man is enormous. An eight-foot bearded hulk, stacked with the heavy, unnatural muscle on the sea can give. This is why they call the Dutch “barbarians”. The Kapitan makes Conan look like a sissy kid brother. Oishi’s sword lay at his feet. He moves for it, but the Dutch giant’s hand snatches out and grips him by the coll Lifts him as easily as a child -- awesome strength -- the HURLS him across the room! WHAM! Oishi SMASHES against the wall and slams to the flo POV OISHI: As the Giant stomps toward him, the world turn SURREAL from the drugs. Oishi tries to crawl to his sword, but the Kapitan grabs by his topknot and SMASHES him -- CRRRAAAASH! -- into his desk with enough force to SHATTER it to kindling. And then the Dutchman lifts him up, CHOKING HIM to death. Oishi struggles as the bastard laughs, and just as the li are about to go out forever -- 51. OISHI’S FINGERS close on a WICKED SPLINTER from the shatt desk -- ten inches long and deadly sharp -- and STABS it through his collar bone and DEEP into his trunk.
22) 16) dialog: 
22) 18) dialog: Shoot him! The Officer pulls the trigger, but in the blink of an eye Oishi grasps his sword and whips the blade out of its scabbard -- AND RIGHT BETWEEN THE CAP AND THE POWDER! The gun clicks harmlessly and, as the confused Officer stares, trying to figure out what just happened, Oishi la the blade up and BISECTS HIS ENORMOUS HEAD. Making his move, Oishi staggers out of the room, the Kapi roaring behind him.
22) 19) dialog: 
23) 0) text: OISHI’'S POV: The drugs hit FULL-EFFECT and reality slips into a WHORLING NIGHTMARE LANDSCAPE. As GARGANTUAN DUTCHMEN come running to aid their Kapitan, Oishi ducks into the labyrinth of cargo crates, making hi way toward where he last saw his men. BACK IN THE KAPITAN’S OFFICE - the Dutch leader BUSTS OPE the ARMS CHEST and starts handing out weaponry to his men PISTOLS, CUTLASSES, CURTAL AXES...