11) 0) text: Asano and Oishi enter. The Shogun sits at the far end of chamber with a grim-looking contingent of VERIFYING OFFICIALS, including Kira, who's clearly enjoying the mom A small table sits in the center of the room. On it is a RITUAL DAGGER. Asano crosses the room with a calmness that belies the ev about to take place here and kneels at the table.
14) 14) text: It matters...because if we fail, Kira lives and our Lord’s murder will go unavenged. Put your honor aside. I have a duty. (pointedly) As do you all. 35. Now Oishi pulls from his robes the dagger with which Asan took his own life.
16) 0) text: Mika is brought before the Shogun and Lord Kira by soldie The Shogun speaks in an imperial tone that brooks no nonsense.
18) 0) text: Oishi limps into the village...to find that everything ha CHANGED. The land has been STRIPPED and the sakura trees have all CHOPPED DOWN. The once-beautiful hills and meadows have b FURROWED into UGLY CROP FIELDS to feed Kira’s legions tha patrol the streets in number. 40. As Oishi enters the marketplace, people begin to point. T whisper. Every mouth forming the despised word: Ronin. As he passes, villagers turn away, refusing to acknowledg his now pathetic existence. The murmuring increases, unti someone shoves him from behind, knocking him into the dus Oishi turns skittishly to see a group of three VENDORS looming over him. Men he once knew. Men who respected him
21) 0) text: Breathtaking in their beauty, yet... Dominating the landscape from three thousand feet up the steep snowy mountainside is Kira’s impregnable yamashiro CASTLE FORTRESS -- which looms over the world like a grim stone threat.
21) 1) text: INT. KIRA’S MOUNTAIN CASTLE - DAIMYO’S GREATHALL - CONTIN Mika stands alone at the window, a prisoner in a jail wit bars. She’s staring out at the world below, at freedom, w Lord Kira enters the room behind her. He moves close, but when she senses him, she turns and ba away in fear.
43) 0) text: -- where Oishi, Minoru and a dozen others belly-crawl thr the long grass to reach a vantage point at the top of a r Far above them, Kira’s castle fortress clutches the mountaintop like some sinister stone spider. The ronin stare at it, calculating.
44) 0) text: Prayer candles and incense dominate the interior of the t storied hondo -- or main hall -- filled with townsfolk. LORD KIRA sits in a chair befitting his status, behind a screen of gossamer silk to prevent the gaze of peasants f sullying him. It is from there he surveys his offerings. Oishi watches as a PIG FARMER approaches the screen and h over five piglets in a cart. An ACOLYTE records the information in the official roll. Kira never says a word. Kira’s functionary, the temple’s CHIEF MONK, does all the interacting with the lesser peoples.
48) 0) text: Kira’s elite samurai race from their barracks by the hundreds, each wearing the Lovecraftian armor of House Yoshinaka. Their bodies covered in lacquered black scales and their kabuto helms wrought into the shape of the DEMO OCTOPUS that is his sigil, eight bladed STEEL TENTACLES dangling down their backs. They reach the breech in the wall, but can see nothing through the thick clouds of swirling ice crystals. Then SHAPES appear in the dense fog. OCTOPUS SAMURAI #1 is the first to recognize the danger.
49) 5) text: As he did against the Brigands at the beginning of the fi As Kira’s octopodian army closes in, Oishi MENTALLY DISSE THE SCENE. From a WIDE ANGLE, we RACK IN on the courtyard particular geographic features: a three-foot thick INNER GATE that prevents them from reaching the castle proper, MAZE OF OUTBUILDINGS on this side of that gate, the SLIGH RISE of a particular path weaving between them. Then on t WEAPONS HIS OPPONENTS CARRY, noting in VFX their effectiv lethal range and the most immediate threat -- a LINE OF SPEARMEN charging them. Faster than thought, Oishi has his plan and puts it into action.
49) 15) text: And as Kira’s army closes on both sides and the ronin def on two fronts: Oishi and the remaining ronin on the right side, and Minoru almost single-handedly holding the left
52) 0) text: The ronin struggle to hold back immense waves of warriors The bodies of Kira’s samurai are piling high. Blood churn the ground to red mud. Kira’s soldiers work as a unit try to push through en mas but Basho uses his inhuman strength to hold them back. It’s questionable how long they can hold.
53) 0) text: Minoru bounds the stairs three at a time. Kira’s samurai from shadows -- and fall to the ground in a various assortment of bloody, quivering parts. Nothing is going to stop him.
53) 10) dialog: KIRA wheels and sees Oishi...and the Lord of the castle t and run in utter panic. Oishi charges forward like a lion after prey. INT. MIKA’S CHAMBER - SAME TIME Minoru finally pulls away from Mika.
54) 0) text: Chikara watches as a massive division of Kira’s men split away from the group assaulting the gate -- and begin raci up the rampart steps. 110.
55) 0) text: Oishi is following Kira’s terrified flutter of silk throu the labyrinth of hardwood corridors, gaining, when --
57) 0) text: Oishi ignores his injuries and TRACKS Kira to: 113. THE WOMEN’S APARTMENTS Leaving a trail of blood behind him, Oishi enters...and S Kira hiding among the women and children. Oishi strides to him like a wraith of vengeance. Grabs th coward by the collar of his robes and drags him across th room. Kira scrabbles at the floor as Oishi drags him away.
58) 0) text: The legions of Kira’s samurai make a final massive surge the gate GIVES WAY! The ronin back away as the nightmare army FLOODS THROUGH. There is no hope now. The octopus-legions unleash a BLOOD-THIRSTY VICTORY CRY, as they CHARGE forward to utterly obliterate the ronin -- 115. Mysteriously, Kira’s warriors SLOW. Then STOP. Staring in daze at the ronin only twenty feet from them. The ronin are confused by the sudden cease in battle, the realize the warriors are not staring at them, but behind at:
59) 0) text: The gravesite of Lord Asano... As they enter the sacred place, Mika goes to Hisae, who h her tight as her mother would. And as Mika begins to weep with weariness and relief, PAN AROUND to watch the ronin doing what they have literally moved mountains to do. Oishi reverently washes Kira’s in the cool water from the temple well. Then places the tyrant’s head and the dagger with which Asano and Kira both took their lives atop his master’s grave. 117.
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.