0) 13) dialog: Mika-chan.
0) 15) dialog: I thought you would be practicing your dance.
0) 17) dialog: This is important, Mika-chan. Of all the provinces we have been honored to host the Shogun and must make every effort -- (glances out the window at the warriors practicing) -- despite the view.
1) 1) dialog: (to a lantern hanger) Beautiful, Yasu. (to a child singing) Excellent. Very good. The child beams with pride. As Asano passes through the kitchen, we overhear the MASTER CHEF speaking to his APPRENTICE in the b.g.
1) 8) dialog: Bring my horse. And another for the swordmaster. Minoru takes off for the stables like a shot. Asano then turns to the massed samurai.
1) 9) dialog: Training is finished for the day. I need your captain. You men are dismissed. As the men move off to their posts, Minoru arrives with t horses. As the two men mount up, Minoru speaks to Oishi.
1) 13) dialog: Come, Oishi. And Oishi must follow his young master. The moment they’re gone, Minoru’s icy control melts. He grabs up a sword and, with a roar of rage, attacks the tameshigiri targets with a STUNNING MARTIAL DISPLAY. A blur of movement, he cuts a swath through the field of targets CHOPPING and SLICING, severing DOZENS of lengths bamboo -- then cutting them each into TWO, THREE, FOUR smaller pieces before they can hit the ground. It’s a lethal DANCE OF DEATH that grows FASTER AND FASTE until he wheels around to give the target behind him a FI
3) 1) dialog: Come, my beauty! Don’t tease! And with a whoop he lands the fish -- a nice-looking RED BREAM. Its scales glimmer with ruby iridescence in the su
3) 2) dialog: Will you not look at this Goddess! Asano whispers a few words of praise to the wriggling fis then releases it back into the water.
3) 4) dialog: I know I caught it. It knows I caught it. That’s enough for me.
3) 6) dialog: I prefer to think of it as enlightened.
3) 9) dialog: (smiles) And you get all this from releasing a fish?
3) 11) dialog: Fine. Next time I’1ll eat the fish.
3) 13) dialog: The castle is prepared.
3) 15) dialog: Lord Kira may have his ear, but like us, the Shogun is a samurai of the old ways. (MORE )
3) 18) dialog: Is that what you do with geisha? No wonder you’re so frustrated -- But as they turn, they are surprised to find a band of BRIGANDS atop the bank. A half-dozen murderous sellswords armed to the teeth: swords, yari spears, even a heavy wheellock arquebus.
3) 20) dialog: No. Oishi looks the brigands over, disgusted.
3) 22) dialog: Come now. Just because they are masterless samurai, doesn’t mean they are honorless samurai. He turns back to the grim-faced thugs.
3) 23) dialog: Do you know who I am?
3) 25) dialog: You're very insulting. 10.
3) 27) dialog: I didn’t mean to me. (points to Oishi) You're insulting him. Talking so brashly and thinking only a half- dozen men is enough to protect you. (tsk, tsk) Very arrogant.
3) 29) dialog: Diplomacy fails.
3) 31) dialog: Leave one alive for questioning.
3) 37) dialog: Come now, my beauty! My little Empress of the Waves! Oishi shakes his head. And as he jams his broken katana i its sheath, we --
3) 59) dialog: Fortune truly smiles upon us to receive so august a member of the Shogunate. Asano waits for a return compliment, as is the custom... after a moment, it’s clear none will be forthcoming.
3) 60) dialog: We were surprised at your early arrival -- Kira cuts him off.
3) 62) dialog: Thank you, Lord Kira. In return, the people of Ako and I wish to offer you this token of appreciation. Asano claps two summoning sticks together and two retaine enter the room bearing a lacquered CHEST. Kira waves impatiently, and the chest is opened -- revealing a BOUNT GOLD COINS. But Kira stares at the glittering fortune, unimpressed. 16.
3) 68) dialog: The world is changing, my friend. Courtiers like Kira are the new samurai. Guns are replacing swords. And the swords that remain are mostly ornamental. (indicates) Like yours. There was a time when it would've been unthinkable for your blade to shatter against the inferior ones of those ronin at the sea. But that was when the art of true swordmaking was still valued. Still cared for. (beat) (MORE )
3) 70) dialog: Now the legendary koto blades are long since forgotten. Now outward expression takes precedence over inner core. Asano turns to the window and stares at the same countrys Kira did moments before.
3) 71) dialog: It is not Kira that is the problem in this age...but us. Then, almost to himself --
3) 72) dialog: Because we remember.
5) 2) dialog: Shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi, the people of Ako bid you welcome. The fierce Shogun pins Asano with his gaze. Then nods.
5) 7) dialog: She is my daughter. 20.
8) 2) dialog: Of course. Asano turns to the Shogun across the room and bows low. T Shogun’s face is an emotionless mask as he moves off. When the Shogun is gone, Asano’s calm veneer cracks and h eyes begin to search the room for something. Oishi clocks it.
8) 4) dialog: It’s not that.
8) 6) dialog: I have to speak to my daughter. It’s urgent. TRACK WITH Asano as he moves off through the castle. As he nears the women’s chambers, Asano HEARS Mika’s voic WHISPERING around a corner. Small sounds of passion. Asano’'s face hardens and he rounds the corner to find Mi the embrace of:
8) 7) dialog: 
8) 10) dialog: What is the meaning of this?! But Kira is a tower of fury. 27.
8) 16) dialog: That is enough! Kira’s hand moves to his sword.
8) 17) dialog: Don’t you dare.
8) 23) dialog: Mika... Mika-chan... Look at me. (when she does) It’s all right. Do you hear me? The Shogun’s samurai advance threateningly. Asano sets hi sword on the ground.
8) 24) dialog: There is no need for that. I will not resist.
8) 28) dialog: 
8) 29) dialog: Oishi, take her away from here.
9) 3) dialog: Would you have me run from honor? Oishi searches for an answer that will stop this madness...but finds none. Asano meet Oishi’s eyes. 29.
9) 4) dialog: You know I cannot. You taught me too well, old friend. I broke the law and must pay the price.
9) 6) dialog: I knew the law. (beat) Over the generations, people may come to question the honor of Lord Kira, but never the integrity of the Asano name. The door opens and one of the Shogun’s COURTIERS enters.
9) 8) dialog: Oishi... I would be honored if you would act as my second.
9) 10) dialog: I trust no one else. (then quietly, pleading) Don't make me do this alone, Oishi. I may appear calm, but fear threatens to unman me. Without you there, I don’t know if I can..if I will be able to-- As emotion begins to edge into his voice, Oishi calms him
9) 13) dialog: (taking Oishi’s hand) Thank you...old friend. 30.
10) 2) dialog: A moment... They grant it. Mika weeps into her father’s shoulder.
10) 4) dialog: (gently) What is true...is that you have been, and ever will be, the joy of my life. As she begins to weep, he kisses her forehead. Then, out everyone in the crowded corridor, Asano locks eyes with Minoru.
10) 5) dialog: Care for her.
10) 7) dialog: Care for her. Minoru is rocked by the revelation. He knows about us. Just then, a massive arm separates them, pushing Minoru a Mika back. It’s Kira’s best fighter -- the LOVECRAFTIAN SAMURAI that bested Minoru in the arena.
11) 1) dialog: (bowing to the Shogun) I thank you for allowing me to end my life with honor, with my own hand, rather than the execution as a criminal as I deserve. The Shogun nods. Asano closes his eyes, contemplating for a moment... And then he takes up the dagger.
13) 1) dialog: Oishi. Oishi leans close, where only he can hear the trembling i Asano’s voice.
13) 2) dialog: I fear I will shame myself. If I should cry out --
14) 0) text: Lord Asano’s entire army of three-hundred-and-fifty samur has amassed in the heart of the castle. An argument is go on. Some are shouting for calm, most are GIRDING THEMSELV FOR WAR.
27) 0) text: A sea fog has rolled in from the coast, lending the momen serene, spiritual feel. Oishi kneels before Lord Asano’s grave in prayer. The kni with which young Asano took his own life sits with honor small length of silk before him. 59. Quiet footsteps behind him bring him from meditation.
48) 4) dialog: And the two armies race at one another to begin the great swordfight in history: Oishi’s ronin against a thousand elite samurai. And as the entire castle’s defenses surge at the invaders
59) 0) text: The gravesite of Lord Asano... As they enter the sacred place, Mika goes to Hisae, who h her tight as her mother would. And as Mika begins to weep with weariness and relief, PAN AROUND to watch the ronin doing what they have literally moved mountains to do. Oishi reverently washes Kira’s in the cool water from the temple well. Then places the tyrant’s head and the dagger with which Asano and Kira both took their lives atop his master’s grave. 117.
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.