3) 58) dialog: Daimyo Asano Takumi no kami Naganori... you may look upon me.
3) 61) dialog: You should be grateful for my early arrival. I went over the presentations you have planned for the Shogun. They were riddled with errors in court protocol. I have done my best to correct them, thereby saving you from myriad humiliations before the Shogun. Asano again bows his head to the floor. Oishi is clearly annoyed with Kira’s attitude.
3) 63) dialog: Token... (beat) A token gift indeed. Asano and Oishi are struck by the comment. Kira doesn’t care.
3) 64) dialog: A true gift is what has been bestowed upon you, Lord Asano. Wasted, in truth. Kira glances out the window at the countryside.
3) 65) dialog: Only twenty percent of the land in the entire country is capable of producing crops. And yet here you sit with your cherry blossom trees and your grassy hills. (beat ) A man could raise an army to dwarf all others with fertile soil such as this. An ambitious man. Kira takes a handful of gold coins. Lets them slip disdainfully through his fingers, unwanted as pennies.
3) 66) dialog: Pity. And in a flurry of silk and arrogance, Kira exits the roo When he’s gone, Oishi rises, knuckles white on his sword.
5) 6) dialog: I did not know your concubine was so lovely, Lord Asano. Asano turns to see the effete Kira staring at Mika.
5) 8) dialog: All the better. (bows before Mika) Your father forgets his manners. I am Kira Kozukenosuke.
5) 10) dialog: We will become better acquainted, you and I, Lady Asano. Kira maintains his gaze. It feels like hands roaming over her skin. Mika quickly becomes uncomfortable and just as Asano rises to intervene -- The Master of Protocol moves on to take his seat beside t Shogun. EXT. COMBAT ARENA —- READY AREA - CONTINUOUS Over fifty SAMURAI COMBATANTS are lined up to enter the r each wearing the DISTINCTIVE ARMOR and CRESTS of their cl One by one, they enter as the Announcer calls their provi TOWARD THE REAR OF THE LINE, Hanjo paces worriedly.
6) 10) dialog: The victor from last year, my dear. (smugly) My fighter... The audience is holding its breath. And at a nod from Kir his fighter marches on Minoru. Minoru waits for the sonofabitch to get in range, then BLAZES INTO A WHIRLWIND
6) 12) dialog: This is an outrage! (looks to Asano) Who is responsible for this?! Asano begins to rise -- but Minoru prostrates himself bef the great warlord.
6) 14) dialog: How dare you wear the armor of a samurai! You’re a halfbreed!
8) 11) dialog: 
8) 15) dialog: Hold your tongue if you wish to keep it, girl!
8) 19) dialog: I said SHUT YOUR MOUTH! And in a blur of motion, Kira DRAWS HIS SWORD at Mika and Asano SLASHES OUT to parry the blow -- -- only to find that he’s been tricked. Kira does not have a sword in his hands...but one of Mika FANS severed in half by Asano’s gleaming blade. ECU as the slashed half of the fan falls to the floor. Though it’s light as a feather, the sound of it hitting t wooden floor is like the toll of Doom’s bell. BACK TO SHOT as Asano looks up...and sees Kira LEERING.
8) 20) dialog: Drawing a weapon while the Shogun is in residence.. (ominous ) ..-is punished by death. And as the enormity of what Asano’s just done hits home, WIDEN TO REVEAL that several shocked onlookers stand in t hall -- castle retainers and a growing number of the Shog samurai -- staring at Asano’s UNSHEATHED BLADE in horror.
8) 21) dialog: Guards! Take him!
8) 28) dialog: 
15) 1) dialog: Forced to stand beside him, Mika watches with a soulless stoicism as Lord Kira addresses the surrendered samurai.
15) 2) dialog: Drop your weapons, all of you. The sound of over three hundred swords striking the groun the sound of the death of an entire clan.
15) 3) dialog: Now remove your crest. Oishi’s men look to one another in shock, reluctant to do
15) 4) dialog: 
15) 7) dialog: Your master is dead. House Asano is no more. You have failed them both. (beat) You are no longer worthy of the title “samurai”. From this moment forward, you are ronin. 37. The word strikes Asano’s men like a slap to the face.
15) 8) dialog: Honorless. Reviled. Cowards. (venomous ) You are banished from these lands. Those of you still here by the ring of the third bell will be hunted down and executed. With a nod from their Lord, Kira’s warriors SURGE IN and begin driving Asano’s disgraced men from the castle groun
15) 9) dialog: Except you. (indicates Oishi) Arrest him. Kira returns to his place beside the Shogun as a dozen me knock Oishi brutally to the ground. Oishi offers no resistance as they roughly begin binding his wrists. The Shogun turns to leave, but stops before Kira.
15) 11) dialog: He is not to be executed. (beat) Break him instead. The soldiers nod, and as Oishi is dragged away in chains
16) 0) text: Mika is brought before the Shogun and Lord Kira by soldie The Shogun speaks in an imperial tone that brooks no nonsense.
16) 4) dialog: (riled) Such is not always the case. But the Shogun has come to a decision.
17) 3) dialog: (re: Oishi) Have him watched. If he gives any sign of rebellion, cut him down.
21) 1) text: INT. KIRA’S MOUNTAIN CASTLE - DAIMYO’S GREATHALL - CONTIN Mika stands alone at the window, a prisoner in a jail wit bars. She’s staring out at the world below, at freedom, w Lord Kira enters the room behind her. He moves close, but when she senses him, she turns and ba away in fear.
21) 2) dialog: (disappointed) All that you see from this window could be yours. Why do you resist me so? Again, he approaches her slowly, like he would a timid animal. Reaches out to stroke her face, but the moment hi black-lacquered fingernails touch her face, she SLAPS his hand away defiantly. Kira’s shock flashes to anger and he STRIKES her across t face. And just as he rears back to strike her again -- Behind them, the door opens and Kira’s Spy enters. KIRA’S SPY Lord Kira. I have word of the ronin. Kira turns on an emotional dime, his anger instantly repl by a mask of calm.
21) 3) dialog: Tell me. KIRA’S SPY Oishi is broken. I’ve watched peasant farmers spit on him. Kick him. Humiliate him. There’s not an ounce of fight left in him.
21) 4) dialog: You sound disappointed. KIRA’S SPY It’s just that... The stories I have heard. He was such a great warrior. To see him like this... Kira strides to table in the center of the room holding several BONSAI TREES.
21) 5) dialog: What do you know of bonsai trees? The Spy is taken aback. 45. KIRA’S SPY I know they are beautiful.
21) 6) dialog: Yes, but only as beautiful as an artist makes them. Kira picks up one of the trees -- an ugly shrub. Then tak up a pair of razor sharp shears.
21) 7) dialog: Left on their own these trees grow wild and out of control. It takes the meticulous eye of an artist to see, to understand, to recognize a single branch that may mask the beauty within. A branch that left on its own would overtake the whole. Not unlike ronin. (beat) It is up to the artist to recognize this blight, for it is not until he clips that branch away -- Kira cruelly snips off a branch.
21) 8) dialog: -- that the beauty of what lies beneath is revealed. Kira turns and looks at Mika. Though he’s speaking of the tree, it’s clear he’s speaking about her.
21) 9) dialog: Now, it is up to the artist to gently manipulate the remaining branches. Not to cut, but to coerce its shape. To coax it. To train it. Kira grabs a branch and bends it down, using a piece of t to tie it down. He considers it for a second, then sets t tree aside. Takes another from the shelf.
21) 10) dialog: Slowly. Steadily. With increasing pressure so that in time, with patience, the branch eventually ceases to resist the artist’s desires... Kira releases a branch that has been tied -- and it stays position.
21) 11) dialog: And the work is complete. 46. Kira considers the tree with a critical eye. Then turns t Mika and does the same.
21) 12) dialog: In the end the tree succumbs. It is a truth. (pointedly) And it is inevitable. And off Mika's frightened expression, we --
21) 14) dialog: Thank you for waiting. The figure nods almost imperceptibly. As Kira angles arou we get a better look at the man. Tall, stacked with corde muscle. Dressed in a traditional ninjutsu outfit so dark it is almost back. A mask across the lower half of his fa conceals his identity and leaves only his EYES exposed -- eyes that burn with an intelligence and remorselessness t chills our blood. The NINJA CLANLORD is quite possibly the most imposing fi this side of the Shogun.
21) 15) dialog: I wish to hire your ninja clan to deal with the ronin. Oishi in particular. The Clanlord’s voice is the unfathomable crack and rumble deep-earth coal being crushed to diamonds.
21) 17) dialog: I have not gotten to where I am without taking precaution. Kira tosses a heavy purse of gold kobans to him. Only the Ninja Lord’s hand moves, snatching it out of the air like snake grabbing a bird in flight. 47.
21) 18) dialog: Will this cover your expense?
21) 20) dialog: There can be no evidence. I need you to make them disappear.
42) 3) dialog: (reciting) Spring departs. Birds cry. Fishes' eyes are filled with tears. (to Mika) Are you familiar with the works of Basho? But Mika is more concerned about the shivering boy.
42) 5) dialog: Is this so? (turns to the boy) Are you cold, boy? Do you wish for me to send you away? It’s not a threat. Not quite. The boy shakes his head.
42) 7) dialog: You see, Lady Asano? You are mistaken. Kira pours thick green tea into earthenware raku tea bowl for the both of them, then rises to stare out at the view 85.
42) 8) dialog: As you are about a great many things... With his back momentarily turned away, Mika seizes the opportunity and slips a SMALL SACHET OF POWDER from the sleeve of her robe. Pours the contents into Kira’s drink. She conceals the sachet just in time as Kira turns around picks up his tea cup. He lifts it to his lips and is abou to drink -- -- when he NOTICES Mika watching him with interest. It’s first time she’s done so. Kira instantly becomes suspicio Realizing her mistake, Mika looks calmly away...but it’s late. Kira notices several GRANULES on the table by his c Kira’s eyes narrow.
42) 9) dialog: But perhaps I spoke too soon. The child does look cold. Kira takes his tea cup -- and offers it to the boy.
42) 10) dialog: Here, boy. Warm yourself. Drink this. The boy is hesitant, then takes the cup with trembling ha savoring the warmth. Mika watches the boy. Kira watches her. And just as the boy tilts the cup to his lips --
42) 12) dialog: How like your father you are... Rash. And a fool. Kira leans down and takes her face in his hands.
42) 13) dialog: And so close to meeting his same fate. You play at games where you do not fully comprehend the stakes. But I promise you this: when we are wed -- (venomous ) I will teach them to you. 86. Lord Kira strides away, leaving Mika empty and devastated the balcony, staring helplessly out at the foothills beyo her reach below. And as she does, PUSH IN and VFX SKIM miles down the mountainside to --
44) 0) text: Prayer candles and incense dominate the interior of the t storied hondo -- or main hall -- filled with townsfolk. LORD KIRA sits in a chair befitting his status, behind a screen of gossamer silk to prevent the gaze of peasants f sullying him. It is from there he surveys his offerings. Oishi watches as a PIG FARMER approaches the screen and h over five piglets in a cart. An ACOLYTE records the information in the official roll. Kira never says a word. Kira’s functionary, the temple’s CHIEF MONK, does all the interacting with the lesser peoples.
45) 11) dialog: Well..? When the boy looks up, we see his milky eyes and know tha is BLIND. He looks to his sister and she stares into his eyes. No words pass between them. Then -- 95.
45) 13) dialog: And how shall this honor occur? The boy casts again and turns to his sister.
45) 15) dialog: Hmm. I am glad of pleasant news for a change. They are interrupted by a knock at the door.
45) 16) dialog: Enter. A MESSENGER enters. Bows deeply. Kira doesn’t even turn t acknowledge him.
45) 18) dialog: Yes? And how large was their force?
45) 20) dialog: That is all? (scoffs) Pathetic... The Messenger waits as Kira falls silent.
45) 21) dialog: I wish to see the bodies.
45) 23) dialog: None?
45) 25) dialog: Oishi ran?
45) 27) dialog: Ronin... (shakes his head) It should not, but cowardice such as that surprises even me. Their master was a fool, but even he had enough propriety to take his life when shamed. Kira rises and makes his way to the balcony overlooking t bonsai garden below. Gazes out.
45) 28) dialog: A Lord is the spine of his people. Do you see now what happens when that spine is broken? When samurai have no master? Disgraceful! (then) Marshall the troops.
45) 30) dialog: All of them. (beat) Scour the countryside. Let none of Oishi’s men get away. I want these ronin hunted down like the gutless dogs they are.
45) 32) dialog: What of it?
45) 34) dialog: The only danger is to Lady Asano. In their excitement, many accidents have fallen on brides on their wedding night. (malicious) The moment I wed her, I will become a widower...and the true legal ruler of Asano lands in more than name only. (grim beat) No. The wedding goes on. As the Messenger bows and exits, we PRELAP A MAN CRYING O IN AGONY, and --
47) 5) dialog: What in hell --? EXT. KIRA’S MOUNTAIN CASTLE - PARAPET WALK - CONTINUOUS Kira’s GUARDS stand frozen atop the outer defensive wall, staring out at the terrible darkness racing down the mountain, heading straight for them. The noise is DEAFENI And as they watch in horror, the cause of the disturbance blasts into the pool of light around the castle -- A MILLION CUBIC FEET OF ICE roars down the mountain, righ Kira’s castle! The avalanche speeds downward in a solid mass, like a vengeful tectonic plate sliding downhill, OBLITERATING everything in its path. A YOUNG GUARD is paralyzed by the sight. 101.
57) 1) dialog: No! Please--! NOOOOOO!! Oishi dumps him in the center of the room.
57) 2) dialog: I beg of you! I beg of you--! Oishi’s response is a lump of metal dropped at his feet. KNIFE Asano committed seppuku with. Oishi’s voice is a study in calm and control.
57) 4) dialog: .-w-what could I have done? He violated the law!
57) 6) dialog: Have you no mercy? Oishi’s cold, hard stare says it all -- no. Eventually, with a trembling hand, Kira picks up the knif Sniffs and wipes his eyes with the sleeves of his robe.
57) 7) dialog: You will tell them I died with honor? 114.
57) 9) dialog: You get away from me or I will kill this girl! But Oishi isn’t buying into it. Like a machine, he steps forward and gives Kira a resounding open-handed SLAP acro the face. Then again. It’s not a beating for a man. As Kira sits stunned by the insult, the little girl runs away. Oishi then seizes Kira’s knife hand in an iron-hard grip.
57) 11) dialog: ...two feathers.... And with horrific realization, the twins’ prophesy comes clear in Kira’s mind. Kira tries to laugh, but grunts in agony instead. And dies.
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.