0) 14) dialog: Father.
0) 16) dialog: I was, I just got caught up in the... (awkward beat) ...the beauty of the day. Asano puts his hands on his daughter’s shoulders.
1) 16) dialog: What we “cannot” do is deny our feelings.
1) 18) dialog: Silly, boy. Do you care for life so much to cease living it? (she caresses his face) Deny me if you can, my sweet Minoru, but I warn you, you'll find my love a stronger opponent than your doubt. She smiles and begins to kiss him. And before long, it is he who is kissing her. With all his heart.
4) 0) text: Safely ensconced among barrels of sake and bolts of silk, Mika and Minoru hold each other in the moonlight. Gently, Mika traces his eyebrows with the tip of her fing
4) 1) dialog: I like the shape of your eyes. But he lowers his face, ashamed.
4) 3) dialog: Yes, but in a good way. (beat) I look at your eyes and I see that your father loved your mother. Your face tells their story. Clearly, and to the world. Unashamed. (looks him in the eye) As someday I hope our children’s will tell ours. And as she smiles at him --
4) 5) dialog: What is it? Minoru doesn’t answer, but races to an arrowslit. POV MINORU: The darkened hillside. Then the low clouds begin to GLOW ORANGE from beneath as eight thousand torch
5) 9) dialog: Asano Mika. Kira’s eyes crawl over her bowed form.
6) 8) dialog: turns worriedly to Asano.
6) 9) dialog: Father, who is that? But before Asano can answer, Kira leans in.
8) 9) dialog: Father! Asano is there in a heartbeat, wrenching Kira away and HURLING him against the wall.
8) 14) dialog: (hysterical) Father, he was --
8) 18) dialog: He was going to --
8) 22) dialog: No! 28.
8) 25) dialog: (as they seize him)
8) 30) dialog: 
10) 1) dialog: Father -!! Mika comes running and Asano embraces her. The guards clearly want to continue on, but Asano raises a hand.
10) 3) dialog: This can’t be happening. This isn’t true.
10) 9) dialog: 
10) 11) dialog: No! As she pounds at it, Minoru appears beside her.
12) 0) text: Minoru leads Mika to a MOONLIT HILLTOP outside the castle gentle breeze stirs the branches of a lone CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE that grows there. Minoru sits Mika down.
12) 1) dialog: But where is my father? Minoru moves to the tree...and plucks a sakura BLOSSOM. Presses the delicate flower into her hands.
16) 0) text: Mika is brought before the Shogun and Lord Kira by soldie The Shogun speaks in an imperial tone that brooks no nonsense.
16) 3) dialog: That is most generous, my Lord...but as the Master of Protocol must himself know, tradition demands a period of mourning for my father.
16) 7) dialog: But--
21) 1) text: INT. KIRA’S MOUNTAIN CASTLE - DAIMYO’S GREATHALL - CONTIN Mika stands alone at the window, a prisoner in a jail wit bars. She’s staring out at the world below, at freedom, w Lord Kira enters the room behind her. He moves close, but when she senses him, she turns and ba away in fear.
42) 4) dialog: The child is cold.
42) 11) dialog: No! -- Mika breaks and SLAPS the cup out of his hands, shatte it against the ground. Kira looms over her as she crumples to the ground, weepin
50) 0) text: Mika sees the battle below. And more importantly --
50) 1) dialog: 
53) 2) dialog: 
53) 3) dialog: 
53) 6) dialog: Minoru! He BASHES the lock, and when he pushes open the door Mika flies into his arms. She’s been strong and brave for so l -- a perfect samurai daughter -- but now that Minoru hold her, the dam breaks and she allows herself to be human, a woman, and sobs. Minoru just holds her. Never going to let go.
55) 5) dialog: No! -- STABS Minoru COMPLETELY THROUGH HIS CHEST! Mika screams as she sees the bloody blade EXPLODE from Minoru’s back. The demon samurai yanks the blade out, then HURLS Minoru the ground like trash. Stomps on his chest and readies hi blade for the final, life-ending thrust. Minoru lays there gasping, all the fight bleeding out of onto the floor with his life’s blood.
59) 0) text: The gravesite of Lord Asano... As they enter the sacred place, Mika goes to Hisae, who h her tight as her mother would. And as Mika begins to weep with weariness and relief, PAN AROUND to watch the ronin doing what they have literally moved mountains to do. Oishi reverently washes Kira’s in the cool water from the temple well. Then places the tyrant’s head and the dagger with which Asano and Kira both took their lives atop his master’s grave. 117.
61) 2) dialog: You will live in my heart forever. From the corner of the room, a SOLDIER speaks.