18) 0) text: Oishi limps into the village...to find that everything ha CHANGED. The land has been STRIPPED and the sakura trees have all CHOPPED DOWN. The once-beautiful hills and meadows have b FURROWED into UGLY CROP FIELDS to feed Kira’s legions tha patrol the streets in number. 40. As Oishi enters the marketplace, people begin to point. T whisper. Every mouth forming the despised word: Ronin. As he passes, villagers turn away, refusing to acknowledg his now pathetic existence. The murmuring increases, unti someone shoves him from behind, knocking him into the dus Oishi turns skittishly to see a group of three VENDORS looming over him. Men he once knew. Men who respected him
26) 0) text: Oishi and his men run, a hailstorm of lead ripping past a they charge out onto the dock -- a quarter-mile of stone standing between them and freedom. BEHIND THEM, the Dutch begin to gain. Firing. Firing. WITH OISHI AND HIS MEN RUNNING ACROSS THE DOCK - as bulle start finding their marks. One ronin’s head EXPLODES. Another is GUTSHOT and falls behind. Hanjo goes down with bullet in his thigh -- but Oishi is there, hefting him up RACING DOWN THE FINAL STRETCH. THE DUTCH try to reload while they chase, but give up, drawing KNIVES and CUTLASSES instead. Pouring on the stea
32) 0) text: The five ronin have regathered. Minoru sits beneath a tre carving the block of ivory he bought. In the b.g., Hanjo Isogai dump the bodies of the slain Hares in the river. Now PAN OVER TO REVEAL Chikara sitting on a rock, removed from the group. After a moment, Oishi approaches his son. Sits beside him Neither says a word, until finally --
38) 11) text: As WAVES OF OGRES AND NINJAS crash against Oishi’s men, crushing them in nightmarish battle. The ronin fight for their lives in an impossible, terrifying three-way-battle
38) 14) text: Then Oishi darts off, running into the heart of the battl THE SCAR-FACED OGRE watches him go, realization dawning across his brutish face the man could’ve killed him. That the ronin are not enemies. But the ninja... Scar-Face picks up his hammer and BELLOWS in his savage tongue at his Ainu brethren.
41) 0) text: -- the ronin finish securing their carts now filled with legendary weapons. With Mt. Fuji pointing heavenward in the plum-colored sky behind them, Oishi bows deeply before the Scar-Faced Ogre clearly the Ainu leader. Minoru and Chikara do the same.
42) 0) text: A campsite has been set up. All 47 ronin have regathered. It is clear they have been travelling hard, for all sleep the ground, utterly exhausted. Except for two. While the others sleep, Minoru and Chikara, practice swordwork by the light of the campfire. Minoru instructs in several maneuvers, counterbalancing his left-handednes with a knife in his right hand. And as the two practice maneuvers again and again, Chikara getting better with ea try --
43) 0) text: -- where Oishi, Minoru and a dozen others belly-crawl thr the long grass to reach a vantage point at the top of a r Far above them, Kira’s castle fortress clutches the mountaintop like some sinister stone spider. The ronin stare at it, calculating.
45) 7) text: Instantly, the panicking crowd races through the opening, 47 ronin blending in with them.
46) 0) text: Where the ronin are licking their wounds from their narro escape.
47) 0) text: As the MUSIC RISES, the 47 Ronin don the same formal atti they wore when they first greeted the Shogun -- the TRADITIONAL UNIFORM OF THE ASANO CLAN. It is the first time they have worn the Asano CREST since their disgrace. Etched in moonlight, they look like a bat force stepped from myth. Oishi looks them all over with pride.
48) 2) dialog: Oishi steps through the mist. 102. The Octopus rushes him, but Oishi SIDESTEPS and grabs the steel tentacles dangling from the Octopus’ helm. YANKS do exposing a gap beneath his chin, and thrusts his sword wi all his pent up rage -- SKEWERING straight through the warrior’s brain AND the top of his ornate helm. With a savage twist, Oishi splits the man’s face and helm WRENCHES his sword free. Oishi stands there, chest heaving, splattered in blood... gives the WARCRY he’s been waiting to give since the nigh his master’s death.
49) 0) text: Now that the defenders are rushing toward the other side the castle, a half-dozen scaling hooks sail over this abandoned section of perimeter wall and -- CLINK-CLINK! - latch on! Moments later, OKUDA, HAZAMA, two other burly ronin and CHIKARA clamber up to the walk.
49) 15) text: And as Kira’s army closes on both sides and the ronin def on two fronts: Oishi and the remaining ronin on the right side, and Minoru almost single-handedly holding the left
49) 35) dialog: -- CHARGES through the GORE PATH before the parted red se can crash back together. Oishi and his ronin race across the courtyard and duck through the blast hole in the gate -- then turn and plug gap with their swords. Kira’s legions try to carve their way through, but the ga the heavy door only allows them through one at a time. Th result is a samurai blender -- Kira’s men rushing through only to meet their bloody fates at the angry blades of th ronin. Stalemate. Kira’s overwhelming strength of their numbers has been temporarily neutralized. 107.
52) 0) text: The ronin struggle to hold back immense waves of warriors The bodies of Kira’s samurai are piling high. Blood churn the ground to red mud. Kira’s soldiers work as a unit try to push through en mas but Basho uses his inhuman strength to hold them back. It’s questionable how long they can hold.
56) 0) text: The ronin still hold the portal...but they’re taking ghas injuries and --
58) 0) text: The legions of Kira’s samurai make a final massive surge the gate GIVES WAY! The ronin back away as the nightmare army FLOODS THROUGH. There is no hope now. The octopus-legions unleash a BLOOD-THIRSTY VICTORY CRY, as they CHARGE forward to utterly obliterate the ronin -- 115. Mysteriously, Kira’s warriors SLOW. Then STOP. Staring in daze at the ronin only twenty feet from them. The ronin are confused by the sudden cease in battle, the realize the warriors are not staring at them, but behind at:
59) 0) text: The gravesite of Lord Asano... As they enter the sacred place, Mika goes to Hisae, who h her tight as her mother would. And as Mika begins to weep with weariness and relief, PAN AROUND to watch the ronin doing what they have literally moved mountains to do. Oishi reverently washes Kira’s in the cool water from the temple well. Then places the tyrant’s head and the dagger with which Asano and Kira both took their lives atop his master’s grave. 117.
61) 0) text: The ronin exit their preparation rooms and enter the hall The sight of so many white robes is disconcerting. Ghosts haunting a hall. As --
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.