1) 0) text: TRACK with Asano as he descends through the castle. With visit from the Shogun imminent, the place is a beehive of activity: paper lanterns being hung, flowers being arrang in dramatic displays, children practicing the farmer’s fo song “Teru-Teru-Bozu"”. Asano offers a kind word or a gentle command to almost everyone he passes.
2) 2) text: I wanted to personally verify that the roads are presentable for the arrival of the Shogun. Oishi waits a beat, then --
5) 0) text: The mist-shrouded castle looks like something out of myth a pagoda of the gods alight with the glow of ten thousand paper lanterns. Asano and his Honor Guard, headed by Oishi, stand within castle’s enormous main gate as the Shogun’s company arriv Bearing the HERALDIC CHARGE OF THE TOKUGAWA CLAN, the gre sea of warriors passes through the ancient gate. MYTHIC- LOOKING SAMURAI UNITS from the fifty provinces, each with own distinctive STANDARD or DEVICE: -- Kyoto’s CRIMSON DEVIL SQUAD in their lacquered, BLOOD- ARMOR... -- The IRON BOARS of Hizen, with two-foot-long sharpened TUSKS on their great helms... -- The Izumi TIGERS in their enameled TIGER-STRIPE PLATE ARMOR, bristling with STEEL CLAWS... And more. Edo’s PHOENIX REGIMENT. Shima’s SCORPIONS. Osaka’s WHITE CRANES. Five thousand mythic shapes filling the courtyard like warriors from some dark god’s fever dr Suddenly, all at once, they STOP. There’s a charged moment. Asano and Oishi exchange a glan Then, as if by telepathy, the armies SEPARATE, clearing a path for a SHADOWY FIGURE to walk forward. From a spiked chain wrapped about his fist, the Figure le four monstrous DOGS OF WAR. Snarling, snapping, they are each as large as a bullock; muscles rippling, ready to ki 19. But they’re nothing compared to the man on the other end the chain:
6) 16) dialog: You have demonstrated great ability... Minoru’s eyes fill with pride.
6) 17) dialog: ...-but no matter what you accomplish, a halfbreed will never be worthy of being a samurai. 25. And the dream shatters.
6) 18) dialog: (to his men) Strip him of his armor and have it burned. It is tainted. Instantly, the Shogun’s elite guard come forward and star VIOLENTLY RIPPING the armor off his body. It’s brutal to watch, a public beating, and Minoru offers no resistance. The sheer intensity of the humiliation forces Mika to loo away. When they are done, Minoru, bloodied, bows low before the Shogun.
6) 20) dialog: You are dismissed. And as Minoru makes the long walk of shame out of the are Asano turns to his daughter -- and is surprised to find h eyes filled with TEARS. Almost as if she was WEEPING. He watches her, genuinely confused by her emotion...until REALIZATION hits. Asano’s jaw drops as it all clicks together in his head. He looks again at Minoru; at his daughter... And realizes that they are lovers. As Asano sits back, stunned, mind reeling -- RACK FOCUS across the stands to Lord Kira, who has been watching the whole exchange. And he has realized it, too.
7) 0) text: The Shogun’s armies have bivouacked in the greensward aro the castle -- a city of tents billowing in the breeze, ea flying the PENNON and CREST of the unit housed within.
8) 0) text: A feast has died down and people are retiring for the nig The Shogun rises to leave, sending a courtier to Asano’s table. 26.
10) 0) text: The men are lead toward where the Shogun waits. In his wh robes, Asano looks like a ghost floating through the hall
11) 0) text: Asano and Oishi enter. The Shogun sits at the far end of chamber with a grim-looking contingent of VERIFYING OFFICIALS, including Kira, who's clearly enjoying the mom A small table sits in the center of the room. On it is a RITUAL DAGGER. Asano crosses the room with a calmness that belies the ev about to take place here and kneels at the table.
15) 0) text: We hear a lockbar sliding... Then the great doors swing w to reveal OISHI, weaponless. He and his men exit and are marshalled by a thousand Shogunate soldiers to be stood before:
15) 10) dialog: (re: Oishi) He is not to be killed. He was a hero at Nagoya. Kira bows his assent as the Shogun strides away. When he’ gone, he turns to the soldiers holding Oishi.
16) 0) text: Mika is brought before the Shogun and Lord Kira by soldie The Shogun speaks in an imperial tone that brooks no nonsense.
16) 1) dialog: Lord Kira wishes to shield you from the shame of your House. He has petitioned for your hand in marriage. Mika is taken aback for a moment... Turns to Kira, whose face remains placid. 38.
16) 2) dialog: I have agreed. But Mika is Asano’s daughter and made of sterner stuff. Thinking quickly, she quells the rising horror and rallie
16) 5) dialog: I will allow it. You are granted one year to mourn. During that time you will not be touched.... Mika revels in the small victory, until --
16) 6) dialog: ..-but will remain a guest of Lord Kira’s, and he the steward of your lands.
16) 8) dialog: You are dismissed, Lady Asano. There’s nothing more to be done. Trembling, with defeat weighing heavily on her small frame, Mika bows to the Sho and we --
47) 0) text: As the MUSIC RISES, the 47 Ronin don the same formal atti they wore when they first greeted the Shogun -- the TRADITIONAL UNIFORM OF THE ASANO CLAN. It is the first time they have worn the Asano CREST since their disgrace. Etched in moonlight, they look like a bat force stepped from myth. Oishi looks them all over with pride.
59) 9) dialog: Stop. The Shogun’s voice is the deep basso rumble of the Word o God, cutting through all existence. In the instant silenc the Adjutant goes prone. The soldiers and the crowd stand terrified. The Shogun steps off his horse like a deity of war descen to earth and strides toward Oishi. 119. As he nears, Oishi draws his sword -- and, instantly, fif ashigaru infantrymen spring forward drawing their own bla But all for naught. Oishi lays his weapon at the Shogun’s feet. Then humbly, Oishi bows before the warlord ruler of all Japan. The giant removes his iconic snarling dog great helm. And speaks.
59) 10) dialog: You've put me in an awkward position, Oishi Kuranosuke. Just as your Lord did.
59) 12) dialog: And yet the result is the same. (beat) You are criminals. You defied my order, for which I need to make a harsh example of you -- but you exemplified bushido in a time that has forgotten the meaning of the word. And the reason for it. (beat) That must be honored and never forgotten. Oishi considers the Shogun’s words. Then:
59) 14) dialog: The country would never forgive me for shaming you so...and I could never forgive myself.
59) 16) dialog: I will grant you an honorable death...under one condition: (as Oishi looks to him) That your bloodline continues, Oishi Kuranosuke. Your son shall live so that the heritage of such an honorable man will not be thinned from Japan’s future. Oishi is moved by the gesture. Meets the Shogun’s eyes, m to man.
61) 4) dialog: You. The line stopped. Minoru steps out of line to stand befor the towering military giant. The moment is reminiscent of when the Shogun called him o at the combat challenge in Ako. The Shogun considers Minoru for a moment. He says nothing His stern face inscrutable. Then --
61) 5) dialog: I remember your father. He served by my side. He was a great warrior. (beat) (MORE )
61) 7) dialog: As is his son. You honor the family name...samurai. And to Minoru’s utter astonishment, the Shogun BOWS to hi No longer a halfbreed in his eyes...but a samurai. Minoru is moved as nothing else on earth could possibly d
62) 0) text: Oishi’s SAMURAI (no longer ronin) walk out to the temple steps and sit seiza. The scene is epic. 46 white-robed figures kneeling at the foot of the immense temple steps. A crowd gathered around them. Soldiers. The Shogun presiding over all. And as the music swells, capturing the poignancy of the moment -- the tragedy and the honor; the faces of the villagers and their loved ones watching on -- the samurai draw their daggers. They hold for a moment, daggers before them -- and that i how we will remember them, for, as they thrust, we PAN UP the branches of CHERRY BLOSSOM TREE sheltering the temple Where a wind blows, warm and peaceful, and as a drift of intensely beautiful SAKURA BLOSSOMS wipe frame... A TITLE CARD rises: As a result of the actions of the 47 Ronin, Kira's lands were dispossessed and the province of Ako returned to House Asano by order of the Shogunate. Oishi's son, Chikara lived a long life, bearing three sons and a daughter. At his death, at the age of 78, he was buried alongside his father and his comrades at Lord Asano's tomb as the 47th ronin. To this day, every December 14th - the anniversary of the attack on Lord Kira's stronghold - thousands of people across Japan, and the world, still gather at Sengakuji Temple to pay tribute to the 47 ronin and their example of bravery, loyalty and unfaltering honor. This film is dedicated to the memory of the 47 Ronin: 123.