23) 4) dialog: Hey.
23) 6) dialog: What? Dorothy shuts the door, unlocks the chain, and opens it. Campbell enters. As he takes in the magnificent foyer --
23) 8) dialog: Didn’t see anyone. The cab just dropped me off. Look, I hate to do this... Bobby left town without paying his share of the rent. I got home today, and all my stuff was on the sidewalk.
23) 10) dialog: My CD collection, my skis, my clothes. Gone. Some neighbors, huh?
23) 17) dialog: This is too much trouble. I just wanted to use your phone.
31) 17) dialog: Hi. (CONTINUED)
31) 22) dialog: (to Dorothy) Do you want a drink, honey?
33) 0) text: The television monitors have been muted. The lights are down. Max stands in the middle of the assembled crowd. Jennifer and Dorothy join Paige, Lily and Campbell.
40) 0) text: Dorothy and Campbell retrieve their coats. Jennifer cruises up to them.
40) 7) dialog: No one --
40) 9) dialog: Ruthie. Not now.
46) 55) dialog: (eyes never leaving TV) Uh-huh. Sounds great. Dorothy stares at the beautiful man in front of her. She drops what she’s doing and snuggles up to him.
46) 57) dialog: That’s sweet, babe. The DOORBELL RINGS. Dorothy moves closer, drapes a leg over his.
46) 59) dialog: I ordered Chinese. He’s up and out. Dorothy grabs the remote and pauses the movie. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71.
47) 0) text: Campbell throws open the door to find Detective Vaughn.
51) 41) dialog: Out here, babe. Dorothy crosses to --
52) 0) text: Dorothy steps out onto the terrace. A hot tub is nestled in a corner. Campbell, sweaty and greasy, stands over it. Tools are spread out everywhere.
52) 1) dialog: Hey. I promised Jennifer I'd have this up and running for tonight.
52) 3) dialog: Hon, I’m all gross. She hands him a velvet jewelry box. He opens it to find a gold and platinum Rolex. (CONTINUED)
52) 6) dialog: I didn’t know we were exchanging.
53) 0) text: Dorothy and Campbell lie in a king-sized bed. He stares vacantly at the ceiling. Dorothy watches him earnestly.
54) 4) dialog: Now it’s my turn. He gives her a blue box from Tiffany. Elated, Dorothy snatches the gift and tosses the lid aside. She lifts a cupid pendant into the light. There’s a single ruby on the tip of the arrow.
54) 6) dialog: I’ve got a meeting with an investor later, so I might be a little late for the party.
54) 8) dialog: I want to get in a quick workout before I go. (kisses her quickly) Save a dance for me. He goes as Dorothy swoons.
55) 0) text: Campbell heads down the stairs. The Maid stands in the middle of the foyer and directs various caterers and construction workers. They carry tables, pieces of dance floor, and chafing dishes. As Campbell passes, he tosses her a smirk and a wink. She scowls, has his number. Campbell laughs and heads down the hall.
57) 0) text: Clad in nothing but his boxers, Campbell pumps iron. This boy knows his way around Nautilus equipment.
58) 0) text: The bathroom is as big as a locker room but done in pink marble. Glistening with sweat, Campbell throws on the spigot of the giant bathtub. He sniffs a few bottles of bubble bath, then dumps some into the flowing water.
59) 0) text: Campbell scoops up a dumbbell, does a few arm curls, poses. There’s a flash of white in the mirror. A figure disappears into the bathroom. Campbell detects the movement out of the corner of his eye. He spins.
59) 1) dialog: Dodo? Sweetie? Nothing. Campbell closes the gym door, then locks it. He yanks a cordless phone from the wall. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 80.
60) 0) text: WATER GURGLES from the spigot. Bubbles crest at the edge of the monstrous tub. Campbell dials out on the phone as he sits on the porcelain lip. He lets his fingers dance under the flowing water.
60) 1) dialog: Bobby? It’s me... I’m calling you now, aren’t I? He turns OFF the WATER, drops his boxers, and slips into the tub. Ahhhh. He settles back.
60) 2) dialog: I’m telling you, she’s frothing at the crotch for me... I don’t know, couple days maybe... Yeah, well, tell Bernie he’ll get it... (getting pissed) Then tell him again. Campbell’s face twists in rage.
60) 3) dialog: I’1ll be there in twenty minutes. Campbell throws the phone across the room. It explodes against the tiling.
60) 4) dialog: (yells) Fuck! Covered in suds, Campbell climbs out of the tub. Water and bubbles slosh all over the marble floor. He slips, nearly crashing to the ground.
60) 5) dialog: Shit! He carefully maneuvers over to the standing shower, yanks ON the WATER, and steps inside. The suds instantly wash away, unmasking -- Dozens of leeches, stuck to Campbell’s naked body. They’re fat around the middle, engorged from their feeding. Campbell sees the parasites and screams. He jumps out of the shower, smacking and yanking at them. The leeches hold fast -- clamped on by their razor sharp teeth. (CONTINUED)
60) 8) dialog: Who the fuck are you? The question is cut short as a fifty-pound barbell caves in Campbell’s skull. He flies backward and slams to the floor. CLOSE ON Campbell’s arm as it twitches on the marble. A leech lets go and creeps across the floor.
81) 0) text: It’s dark in here. Instinctively, Ruthie drops to her knees and backs under one of the benches. Her eyes never waiver from the door until something brushes her shoulder. Ruthie looks down at the human arm that drapes across her chest. She screams, pushes it away, turns to see Campbell. His face, or what’s left of it, is cloaked in a final, silent scream. Hyperventilating, Ruthie pushes the corpse off of her and slides out.