2) 2) text: A glance of pre-teen boys, gathered in packs, pretending to ignore the groups of pre-teen girls. Some of the kids wear plastic cherub masks -- obvious party favors that will clutter their closets for years to come. CAMERA SHUFFLES OVER TO LILY, a sixth-grade princess in a pink gown. She holds court with several loyal SUBJECTS.
2) 4) dialog: No. The Subjects erupt into laughter.
17) 38) dialog: My fault. Hi, Jen.
17) 45) dialog: Right. Sorry. How are you? (CONTINUED)
17) 51) dialog: When’s the last time you guys saw Shelley?
17) 53) dialog: Yeah. She and I used to party together, but once she started medical school...
17) 58) dialog: Much better idea.
17) 62) dialog: Please. Paige and Lily start to change. Jennifer moves to the kitchen area, where Dorothy checks out the bar on top of the fridge.
19) 2) dialog: How could they let someone with such a colossal speech impediment teach class?
20) 1) dialog: Max is an artist. We've been together less than two weeks.
20) 3) dialog: Not a word about Valentine’s Day. I’m terrified he’s going to want to spend it with me out of obligation. That’s why I have a business trip planned.
20) 5) dialog: I give him one more date. If it looks like it’s moving forward, I cancel my trip. If we crash and burn, I save face for everyone by being in Chicago.
20) 9) dialog: Her dating advice rarely changes. How ’bout you, Jennifer? Are you still seeing what’s-his-name?
20) 13) dialog: Hey. I support the misguided logic that seeing other people will show you how good you were with someone else.
20) 23) dialog: Are you still catering?
20) 25) dialog: Max has an opening tomorrow night at the gallery I manage. I'm putting you all on the list.
30) 24) dialog: (off TV) What? He was cute.
30) 26) dialog: This was propped in front of our door. No name on the card.
30) 28) dialog: J.M.? I don’t know a Jd.M. It’s gotta be for you. You’re the ho.
30) 32) dialog: What the -- She spits the candy into her hand. Pulls it apart to find the remains of a white worm, still wiggling in the caramel goo. Lily gags, then drops the candy box. Only then do she and Paige see the army of maggots, feasting and writhing on the assortment of dark chocolates. The girls scream. Paige grabs the box, opens the window, and tosses it into the alley below. Lily’s already at the fridge. She’s guzzling orange juice.
30) 34) dialog: Gross.
30) 36) dialog: He needs Altoids.
30) 38) dialog: Who?
30) 40) dialog: Those dating tapes have turned your brain to mush.
30) 42) dialog: Shut up. (CONTINUED)
30) 46) dialog: Paige! Paige dances out of the kitchen. Still grossed out, Lily takes another swig of juice. She whirls around and checks behind her. The kitchen is empty except for the lone maggot, squirming on the floor. Lily crushes it under her foot and goes.
31) 3) dialog: Jennifer, Paige, this is Max --
31) 8) dialog: {to her friends) Are you enjoying it?
31) 13) dialog: I'll help. As they go, Lily turns surreptitiously back to her friends. She quickly mouths, "What do you think?" Jennifer gives a thumbs-up. Paige sucks her index finger.
33) 0) text: The television monitors have been muted. The lights are down. Max stands in the middle of the assembled crowd. Jennifer and Dorothy join Paige, Lily and Campbell.
33) 7) dialog: Jeremy Melton.
33) 11) dialog: Uh uh uh. (unclasping their hands) Couples can’t go in together. cuT TO:
35) 0) text: Lily and Max kiss in a dark corner of the maze. They’re surrounded by images of awkwardly silent couples in a restaurant. We hear nothing but STAMMERING, COUGHING, CLEARING OF THROATS, and the occasional, "Should we do this again?" Lily and Max’s passion builds as his hands slide under her skirt. Lily moans. Her legs wrap around him, and they begin to move together, rising, falling, kissing, devouring each other. Lily runs her tongue down Max’s neck. Her eyes catch sight of -- The Gallery Employee, standing in the darkness. Lily clenches up, lets out a startled yelp.
35) 2) dialog: Oh, my God.
35) 4) dialog: Go away!
35) 6) dialog: This is so humiliating.
35) 8) dialog: She’s gonna tell everyone.
35) 10) dialog: You are a pig. (CONTINUED)
35) 14) dialog: Good-bye, Max.
35) 16) dialog: I have a business trip. Good night. With that, she’s out the door -- leaving Max pissed, alone, and surrounded by his creation.
37) 0) text: Lily wanders down the corridor. A stuttering strobe light flashes erratically. Red. Red. Black. On the walls surrounding her, projected portraits of cupids drift lazily to and fro. The images are haunting, but beautiful. She stops to admire them. The strobe flashes, and she comes face to face with the cherub. It’s impossible to tell whether he’s part of the menagerie of on-screen cupids. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Lily tears through the empty passageways. Stealing glances over her shoulder, she takes a turn into a dead end. Backtracking, she slams into the cherub, recognizes the tattered jacket, the powder blue shirt, sees the knife in his hand.
38) 1) dialog: {a whisper) Jeremy, I’m sorry -- Her hand goes up. The knife rips through it. Lily limps left and into --
39) 0) text: Ropes and long panels of red fabric hang from an intricate system of pulleys. They undulate in sensual waves. Projected on a far well is super-8 film of couples kissing and moaning. The footage is blown up so large that it looks like pointillism. Lily stumbles straight into a fabric panel, jumps back. She puts a crimson-soaked hand over her mouth and burrows deeper into the wall to dodge the light from the film screen. The loss of blood is finally affecting her. She swoons, then regains her concentration. Weaves among the flowing panels. The door is only fifteen feet away. Lily takes another step, but something catches her foot. She looks down, barely has time to register the rope that tightens around her ankle. With a whizz, she’s jerked upside-down and six feet into the air. The cherub mask flashes into her eyeline.
39) 1) dialog: Please --