2) 8) dialog: I'd rather be boiled alive, dork. Suddenly, we’re PUSHED FROM BEHIND. Right AT Paige. An eighth grade BULLY circles around, gets up in the Boy’s (and our) face.
13) 0) text: The bars and sidewalks of Fillmore Street are filled with beautiful young professionals. They mingle, chat, and flirt -- running toward the weekend with open, grateful arms. Two young women stand out. Meet JENNIFER KEATS, 24, sweet, with a spunky pragmatism that never comes off as cynical. At her side is PAIGE PRESCOTT, 24, jaw-dropping in fire engine red lipstick and a clingy top. They stop in front of the Balboa Cafe. There’s a standee that reads, "SPEED DATING ~-- 10 O’CLOCK." Jennifer sees the sign and turns on her heel to go. Paige grabs her.
13) 1) dialog: You promised.
13) 5) dialog: ~ Excuse me. This is the hottest thing among young professionals. An efficient, risk-free way to meet your soul mate.
13) 7) dialog: Blind dates? A waste of an entire evening. Personal ads, video dating? The guys never turn out as advertised. Singles bars? --
13) 9) dialog: Whatever. You meet a prospect, and in thirty seconds you’ll know if you want to spend a second more with him. If you don’t, you’re on to the next one. It’s foolproof. I wish I’d thought of it.
13) 12) dialog: Grapefruit? Jennifer, when was the last time you met a guy at Park ‘’N Pack? Paige jabs at the standee.
13) 13) dialog: Take control of your romantic destiny. As Jennifer considers -- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 16.
14) 9) dialog: Are your jewels adorned, too?
14) 11) dialog: And if so, may we please see them? Jennifer drops her head to the table. Brian gives Paige a wink and a nod and starts to unbutton his pants.
15) 0) text: Jennifer and Paige hit the sidewalk. Paige laughs hysterically.
15) 2) dialog: (pulling out a slip of paper) I got the pierced guy’s number, so as far as I’m concerned, mission accomplished. Jennifer’s CELL PHONE RINGS.
17) 33) text: The women place? They nod, Paige and 21.
17) 37) dialog: (to Jennifer) Sorry we were late.
17) 41) dialog: Oh, hi... uh --
17) 44) dialog: Right.
17) 54) dialog: Are you guys going back to her parents’ house?
17) 57) dialog: Maybe we should have our own wake.
18) 5) dialog: I used to make oinking noises when she ran laps in gym. She wouldn’t remember that, right? Lily shrugs.
19) 1) dialog: Mr. Yarnek. I swear the guy was missing half his tongue. PULL BACK to reveal: Jennifer, Dorothy, Paige and Lily buried under blankets and sitting on cast-off patio furniture. The girls smoke cigarettes, guzzle their drinks, and laugh. City lights surround them.
19) 5) text: Paige and 25.
19) 8) dialog: That was sixth grade. How do you remember that?
20) 4) dialog: Listen to this. It’s brilliant.
20) 6) dialog: Or you could just fuck him and enjoy it. I would. (CONTINUED)
20) 14) dialog: Or you could just fuck him and enjoy it.
20) 21) dialog: Amen. Jennifer checks her watch.
30) 25) dialog: ‘Six foot-ish’ means five-four in loafers. We’re outta Starbucks. I had to use the Folgers crap your mom bought.
30) 27) dialog: I’m sure it’s from Max. Paige leans over Lily’s shoulder to read the card. Two bluebirds snuggle in a nest. Under the picture, a verse reads, "Blush not, my fair, at what I send./’Tis a fond present from a friend." The picture is cut to form a fold-out door. Lily opens it, revealing a woman giving a man a blow job. It’s signed with a heart and "J.M."
30) 29) dialog: Ha ha. Up yours. Lily opens the box and swipes up a piece of chocolate. Tauntingly, she pops it into her mouth. Chews. Then -- (CONTINUED)
30) 33) dialog: I know some J.M.’s. John McCrite.
30) 35) dialog: Jeff Mallick.
30) 37) dialog: (teasing) Jeremy Melton.
30) 39) dialog: You know. Pigeon Shit from sixth grade.
30) 41) dialog: (sing-song) Pigeon Shit’s got a crush on ‘you.
30) 45) dialog: (sing-song) Pigeon Shit wants to dance with you.
31) 9) dialog: Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Great.
31) 24) dialog: Okay. Dish.
31) 28) dialog: And we’re the two who came stag.
31) 30) dialog: By this time of the week, my answering machine is usually full. You know what I’m realizing? A slut is good to have around at Christmas, New Year’s and Flag Day. But a Valentine is someone you really love. Not some girl you cheat on your wife with. (CONTINUED)
31) 35) dialog: ‘Know what? Forget him. Fix your lipstick and get back out here. We're gonna tear this little wing-ding up. Jennifer eyes the line at the women’s room. Instead, she heads through a swinging door and into --
33) 0) text: The television monitors have been muted. The lights are down. Max stands in the middle of the assembled crowd. Jennifer and Dorothy join Paige, Lily and Campbell.
33) 8) dialog: We were talking about him today.
41) 40) dialog: God. She kept all the notes we passed?
41) 49) dialog: Wow. We had filthy little mouths back then. Jen, here’s one from you. You want it? But Jennifer’s eyes are stuck on one of the cards and the message: "With love and fond memories, Jeremy Melton."
41) 50) dialog: Jen? It pulls her back out. She holds up the "Jeremy Melton" card. Dorothy grabs it from Jennifer.
41) 52) dialog: Dorothy! It’s a card.
41) 63) dialog: I’'d like to hear that 9-1-1 call -- ‘Officers, some guy we teased in middle school might be coming after us." fingers are white. Her chest heaves.
41) 65) dialog: Why would you say that?
41) 67) dialog: Everybody did. Relax.
42) 0) text: Jennifer’s Civic creeps along the grey wasteland of row houses and dilapidated cars. INT. JENNIFER’S CIVIC - DAY Jennifer and Paige eye the passing house numbers.
42) 1) dialog: Should be up here on the left. We t.p.’d it every Friday night for a month. Dorothy should be here. She’s the reason we’re doing this.
42) 5) dialog: Fine. What do we do if he answers the door?
42) 7) dialog: Now what?
43) 0) text: A nearly silent research room. Patrons are lost in their own worlds of words and facts. Jennifer stares into the grey glow of a microfiche machine. Shelley’s twelfth birthday party photo is propped up against the monitor. Paige is at a nearby table, up to her armpits in phone books and public records.
43) 1) dialog: As far as I can tell, Jeremy Melton doesn’t live in California. Please keep in mind, I’m going cross-eyed from all the small print. Did you find anything? Before Jennifer can answer, Adam approaches with some research of his own. He reads to them from a photocopy.
43) 7) dialog: Any mention of Jeremy?
43) 13) dialog: This proves nothing.
43) 18) dialog: Chances are several people from our sixth grade class have bitten the big one. Is Jeremy Melton behind all their deaths? I doubt it. That kid couldn’t even visit the water fountain without humiliating himself.
43) 20) dialog: We were kids! Kids are mean! Kids are rotten! If he can’t buck up and grow a spine like the rest of us, he’s a bigger loser now than he ever was. Patrons toss them disapproving looks and hiss, "Shhh!"
43) 21) dialog: Speaking of losers. (heading for door) Look, Pigeon Shit wasn’t worth my time then, and he’s certainly not worth it now. I’m not hitching a ride on Dorothy’s guilt trip. I have no reason to be paranoid. Nice meeting you, Adam.
46) 0) text: Jennifer and Paige hold court with Vaughn. They’re crowded around a battered computer workstation. Vaughn sifts through a file. The middle school dance flier is in a plastic bag on the edge of her desk.
46) 2) dialog: Where he became a law-abiding citizen, right?
46) 8) dialog: (to Jennifer) Told you.
46) 15) dialog: Good, then you can just round the weirdo up.
46) 26) dialog: She’s in Chicago, on business.
46) 28) dialog: I’1l try her mom. See if she knows what hotel she’s in.
46) 32) dialog: Single. You? There’s a stare-down. Vaughn wins.
46) 38) dialog: (to Jennifer) Good thing you and Adam are back on track. She might’ve patted him down.
46) 45) dialog: You know my opinion on that. Vaughn questions them with a look.
46) 50) dialog: We didn’t want to scare her. She’s home with her boyfriend.
48) 0) text: It’s Valentine’s Day. This little neighborhood flower shop looks like a D-day beach. Male customers shoving, yelling, swearing at each other. The flowers are abused and picked over. Jennifer and Paige push their way to the front counter. They each have a cell phone pressed to their ear.
48) 2) dialog: (into phone) Jimmy. It’s your favorite party girl. If you get this, call me. Paige pushes a rude customer in the crowd.
48) 3) dialog: Ow! Happy Valentine’s Day to you, too, buddy.
48) 5) dialog: (into phone) Roger? Hey! It’s Paige. There’s a little fiesta tonight that’s right up your alley... Engaged, huh? I didn’t know. Congrats. (hanging up) Hope she doesn’t mind you suck in the sack. (CONTINUED)
48) 10) dialog: You'll be over there in a couple of hours. Talk to her then. Ready for the real tragedy? I ean’t find a date for tonight.
48) 12) dialog: Phone tag, so he’s a maybe. Jennifer waves down the harried owner and hands off a claim ticket.
48) 14) dialog: (off their desperation) Pathetic.
48) 16) dialog: A guy lavishes you with gifts all in the hopes of getting a little nookie. How’s today different from any other day? The owner returns and hands over several dozen roses. Arms full, she and Paige fight their way for the front door.
49) 0) text: Jennifer and Paige load the flowers into a rental van. It’s already bursting with party supplies. An ill-prepared HUSBAND steps in their path. (CONTINUED)
49) 4) dialog: Cash. She puts out her palm.
61) 0) text: It’s a whirlwind of caterers. Jennifer finds Paige and Dorothy staking out an isolated section of counter top. They pick at the remains of an hors d’oeuvre tray. Everyone’s dressed to party. They just don’t act like it.
61) 3) dialog: {to both of them) It’s barely eleven.
61) 5) dialog: They’re open twenty-four hours. Adam enters the kitchen from the back door. He shakes off the cold and joins them.
61) 13) dialog: Whadya say, Dotty? Wanna check out the band? Get a groove on?
61) 16) dialog: I am not letting this dress go to waste. C’mon. We’ll have a better view of his arrival from the dance floor. Paige drags Dorothy out. Jennifer drops her head to the counter. Adam kneads her shoulders. He whispers.
62) 2) text: is ON Paige, uninhibited, displaying her bad-girl roots. Dorothy begins to relax. Lets the heat of the crowd and the throbbing of the music take over. The watcher gets CLOSER, CLOSER. Weaving, bobbing in and out amongst the sweaty partners. Paige grinds. Spins. Pumps to the beat. The Watcher is VERY CLOSE. Paige twirls and collides with Brian, the pierced guy from Speed Dating.
62) 4) dialog: You came.
62) 6) dialog: Why don’t you join me, then? She throws her arms around his neck. He matches her rhythm. Forgotten, Dorothy melts back into the crowd. Her eyes scan the room. No sign of Campbell.
62) 11) dialog: Did you know this house has eight bedrooms? Paige catches Dorothy’s disapproving stare and slides over.
62) 12) dialog: I’m not going through another Valentine’s Day with no one to kiss.
62) 14) dialog: I already do. With a whoop, Paige leads Brian out of the ballroom. Dorothy checks her watch as the band kicks in with a thrash version of Billy Joel’s "Just the Way You Are." Miserable and alone, she looks out over the dancing mob. Her eyes lock on --
63) 0) text: Paige and Brian go at it on a satin floor cushion. A bottle of champagne rests on the floor next to them. He unbuttons the back of her dress, pulls the top down and kisses her breasts. Paige closes her eyes. The drugs are kicking in. Everything feels good. He picks her up and deposits her on the bed. Paige slides his shirt off. Hands burrow under the crinolines of her skirt. He tugs them up to her thighs.
63) 1) dialog: Wait. He runs his tongue down her chest.
63) 2) dialog: Slow down.
63) 4) dialog: Let’s talk a little.
63) 6) dialog: I mean it.
63) 10) dialog: Get out! He smirks.
63) 11) dialog: Get out! Brian grabs his shirt.
64) 0) text: Paige slips out the French doors. She moves to the edge of the terrace and looks over.
64) 3) dialog: Ouch! Paige retracts her stubbed foot. Looks down. Notices the pile of plumber’s tools that Campbell has left hidden to one side of the tub. She shakes off the pain and slips into the water. Head falls back. Bubbles rush up to her neck. (CONTINUED)
64) 6) dialog: Hey, freakshow -- The cherub steps INTO VIEW -- his knife at his side.
64) 9) dialog: Help me! The JACUZZI MOTOR and the MUSIC downstairs drown out her cries. The cherub closes in. Paige stands, but her wet feet stick to the cold slate terrace. She backpedals, falls hard with a fearful whimper.
64) 12) dialog: No. (CONTINUED)
64) 17) text: Her body drops. Wild eyes look up for a sign of the attacker, but he’s out of sight. Paige pushes up as -- The plastic cover crashes onto her, shoving her back under. It’s a flurry of jets and bubbles. Paige struggles to get her bearings. Pushes back up. The cherub’s face meets hers through the clear plastic. He kneels on the cover.
64) 18) dialog: realizing what’s happening! With a flick, the cherub secures the cover with the clasp and steps back onto the terrace. Feet kick. Fingernails claw at the hard plastic. Paige shoves her face into a tiny air pocket, but a new rush of bubbles and water obliterates it. The hot, chemical infused water burns at her eyes, but she focuses, spots another air pocket inches away. Moves for it when --
64) 21) dialog: Feeling the first jolts of ELECTRICITY racing into her body. Boiling her alive. She convulses. Eyes gape. A last bubble parts her lips, and her face turns to a gruesome mask of terror.
95) 0) text: Steam slips out from under the Jacuzzi cover and floats into the winter sky. Jennifer moves to it and turns OFF the MOTOR. A GURGLE of WATER spurts from beneath the cover. It sprays the white skirt of Jennifer’s dress. She looks down at the pink stain as the CHURNING, foamy WATER finally SETTLES. Jennifer glances at the plastic Jacuzzi top. Paige’s bloated face rises to the surface. Her mouth is open in a silent wail. Jennifer chokes on her sobs and stumbles back inside.