40) 4) dialog: I want my money back. Campbell tries to think on his feet.
40) 5) dialog: (off girls) Which one of you is his new victim?
40) 8) dialog: The idiot who’s still waiting for a return on her internet investment. What was it? Golddigger-dot-com? Campbell tries for the door, Ruthie steps in his path.
40) 10) dialog: My lawyers say there's nothing I can do, so I’ve decided to personally make your life hell. With that, she’s gone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52.
45) 0) text: Dorothy selects a half gallon of ice cream. There’s a crash as her cart is broadsided by another. Dorothy looks up to Ruthie’s glare.
45) 1) dialog: (loudly) You might want to try French vanilla. He likes that. Dorothy pulls a one-eighty and cruises for the front of the store. Ruthie is on her heels.
45) 2) dialog: How’s the new boyfriend working out? Has he asked for a check yet? Other shoppers slow to a crawl, hoping to witness a scene. (CONTINUED)
45) 6) dialog: Good idea. God knows what he picked up last year when he was fucking Mrs. Frazier. Dorothy knocks the cart aside and shoves Ruthie into a display of Valentine’s Day candy. Girl and goodies spill everywhere.
66) 0) text: Jennifer starts through the foyer when she notices -- Ruthie, heading up the staircase.
66) 3) dialog: Then why don’t you grab a tray of erab cakes and start working the room?
66) 5) dialog: Don’t touch me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 94.
66) 8) dialog: (to Dorothy) I‘m here for my money. Where’s Campbell?
66) 10) dialog: He left you.
66) 12) dialog: Then where is he? Did I mention that half my jewelry is missing? Dorothy can’t answer. She touches the necklace under her blouse.
66) 13) dialog: Hurts, doesn’t it? For the first time, we see a crack in Ruthie’s hard-assed facade.
66) 15) dialog: Grow up, honey. Everybody knows the heavier the heiress, the heavier the trust fund.
67) 0) text: Jennifer presents Ruthie to the Doorman. Seething,
67) 2) dialog: Get your hands off. Ruthie slips into the darkness.
74) 0) text: as deliberate hands unzip and rifle through it. Taking advantage of the moonlight, Ruthie shakes the contents onto the floor. Like a mad archaeologist, her fingers pick through socks and toiletries. There’s no sign of a checkbook or wallet. Something gleams in the darkness. It’s the Rolex. There’s a NOISE outside. Ruthie pockets the watch and slips to the door. She cracks it.
75) 0) text: Jennifer zooms past with a flashlight. Ruthie ducks back inside, waits a beat, then looks again. The hall is clear.
76) 0) text: Ruthie steps into the hall. Instead of heading for the main staircase, she starts in the other direction. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
77) 0) text: Ruthie stands in the utilitarian stairwell, designed to keep the servants away from their masters. The surroundings are spartan, but Ruthie doesn’t spend much time looking. She heads down the steps two at a time.
78) 0) text: A red-velveted pool table commands the middle of the floor. The balls are racked and ready for play. Ruthie blows into the room.
78) 1) dialog: Fuck me. Frustrated, she perches on the edge of the pool table and scatters the balls across the velvet. Ruthie pulls out the Rolex and fastens it on her wrist. The door to the billiards room opens, and a man backs inside. He’s dragging something.
78) 2) dialog: Hey! How the hell do I get out of this place? The cherub turns around, looks at her quizzically, drops his cargo. Ruthie stares in horror as he takes a step toward her, revealing the Maid’s dead body.
78) 3) dialog: Well... I should go. Pretending not to see the mess, she tries to step around him. A drop of blood spills from the cherub’s nose. He pulls his knife. Charges. (CONTINUED)
80) 0) text: So, so dark. Ruthie fumbles to get her bearings in the pink marble bathroom. The lights flash on. Someone found the circuit breaker. Ruthie stares at her teary reflection in the bathroom mirror. The wound in her back bleeds profusely. From the hall, there’s a CLATTER. Ruthie spies the dry sauna. She flips off the bathroom light switch and heads for it.
81) 0) text: It’s dark in here. Instinctively, Ruthie drops to her knees and backs under one of the benches. Her eyes never waiver from the door until something brushes her shoulder. Ruthie looks down at the human arm that drapes across her chest. She screams, pushes it away, turns to see Campbell. His face, or what’s left of it, is cloaked in a final, silent scream. Hyperventilating, Ruthie pushes the corpse off of her and slides out.
82) 0) text: Ruthie bolts for the exit when she hears another NOISE in the hall. She backs away from the doors and spies...
83) 0) text: It’s a tight fit, but Ruthie burrows into a pile of musty towels. Her breathing is jagged, terrified. She closes her eyes, calms herself. There’s a RIP as the pool cue slams through the top of the hamper, millimeters from Ruthie’s terrified face. She screams. Presses up against the side as the cue slams through the front. With everything she’s got left, Ruthie blasts out of the hamper.
84) 0) text: Spills end over end onto the bathroom floor. The cherub hovers over her. Aims for her head. Swings. Ruthie rolls, and he misses. She gets to her feet and tears out of the bathroom. The killer rams the cue back into the hamper and pulls his knife.
85) 0) text: Gathering strength, Ruthie climbs for her life. She passes the service entrance, knowing already that it’s locked.
85) 5) dialog: Help me! The footsteps stop. Ruthie twists to find nothing. She blinks. Takes one step down at a time.
85) 6) dialog: Please, don’t hurt me. (another step) I don’t want to die. She stops. Listens. Nothing. She makes it to the landing. Breathes easier now. Looks over the edge of the banister, thinks she sees something down in the twisting, dropping maze of the stairwell. Looks closer. It’s just one of her high heels. Everything looks clear. She turns and -- The cherub shoves her against the railing. The force is bone-crushing, rapid fire. Ruthie screams, tries to push forward, but he shoves her again. WOOD CREAKS as the railing breaks off and plummets into the abyss. Nothing’s left of the banister but the spindly wooden slats.
85) 7) dialog: No. The cherub shoves again. Ruthie loses her footing and sits back on the slats. They give way and she pitches over the edge. The cherub’s mouth reacts in surprise. Ruthie hasn't fallen! The Rolex watch, too big for her wrist, has caught on one of the slats. It bends at a hundred and seventy-five degree angle, but it still supports her weight. She twists in the air, stares up into his unfeeling eyes.
85) 8) dialog: Help me. Please, help me. You can have anything you want. The cherub steps forward. Extends a hand. And unclasps the watch. (CONTINUED)