3) 2) dialog: (off his teeth) You've got some spinach or something...
3) 6) dialog: Me? Well, uh, what Shelley’s looking for is... (spotting a passing waiter; calling off) The check! The WAITER approaches.
3) 8) dialog: Nope. Just the check. The Waiter deposits it and leaves.
3) 10) dialog: Yeah. Actually, I have to get back. It’s finals and -- Jason scoops up the check and gulps down his mouthful of food.
4) 0) text: A cab pulls up to the curb and Shelley yanks open the door. She slaps on a smile and extends a hand. (CONTINUED)
4) 4) dialog: Jason, I’m glad we did this. Take care. Jason fumbles for a pen.
4) 6) dialog: I don’t think so.
4) 8) dialog: Good night. Shelley gets into the CAB, and it ROARS off. Jason yells after it --
5) 0) text: Shelley uses a tissue to scrub the lipstick from her face as she talks into her cell phone.
5) 1) dialog: Mother, you may never, ever set me up on a blind date again... So what if he’s a doctor? I’m going to be a doctor!
6) 0) text: A sterile, three-story structure in the dead of night. The windows are black, All is still until the cab pulls up. Shelley jumps out. and dashes into the building. As soon as the cab pulls away -- Someone creeps through the trees and approaches a first floor window. Inside, a light goes on. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
6) 3) dialog: Transversus abdominis.
6) 6) dialog: {to Greg) You won’t feel.it. TI promise. She waits for an answer. None comes. Finally, she grabs a medical sheet and drapes it over Greg’s face and upper body. Now, just a milky stretch of the abdomen is exposed. (CONTINUED)
6) 9) dialog: Transversus abdominus. Shelly reaches over to a battered RADIO, sitting on a rolling equipment cart. She CRANKS IT UP.
6) 11) dialog: Perfect.
6) 13) dialog: Hello? She peeks her head through the crack. It takes a moment for her eyes to adjust to the low light, but the room is empty. Rusty RINGS SCREECH on the metal bar as Shelley pulls aside the curtain and flicks on another bank of lights. There’s another CLATTER. Shelley jumps and looks toward -- The door next to her. Hand-painted letters on the glass read, "LOCKER ROOM."
7) 0) text: Shelley cautiously pokes her head into the room.
7) 1) dialog: Professor Buckley? (CONTINUED)
7) 4) dialog: A silhouette appears over her shoulder, just behind the door. Motionless. Waiting. The LIGHT POPS and goes out. BLACKNESS. A nearly inaudible whisper --
8) 0) text: Shelley peers out AT us through the glass window of the anatomy lab door. Unable to see anything, she steps into the hall. Her feet skid a little as she walks halfway down it. At the far end of the dark corridor -- A janitor stows his mop and bucket in a closet and pushes out the exit doors. Relieved, she re-traces her slippery path.
9) 0) text: Shelley strides to the radio. With a CLICK, she SILENCES TIFFANY forever. Attention shifts to the medical dictionary.
9) 1) dialog: The fibers run perpendicular to one another at a 45 degree angle to the transverse plane. White skin still peeks out from underneath the sterile drape. Shelley bends to retrieve her scalpel. She finds it, takes a deep breath, and moves the edge of the blade ever closer to the cadaver’s exposed epidermis. Almost there, she notices -- The abdomen rising and falling. Taking a breath! Shelley screams. The scalpel goes flying. She bolts back, spins and locks eyes with -- Her cadaver’s face, slamming against the glass of the locker room door. The weight of his body pushes it open, and he lands at her feet. As she stares in horror at the sight before her, we see -- A form on the dissection table sit up. The sheet is pulled away to reveal --
9) 3) text: A gloved hand tugs down a powder blue tuxedo shirt and white dinner jacket to cover his once-exposed abdomen. Shelley doesn’t realize the danger approaching until the red ribbon is around her throat. Hands yank, and the ligature digs deep into the skin. She tries to yell, but the effort is useless. The thick ribbon cuts off her air supply. She writhes, twists, looks up into the face of the cherub. He pulls her back to the lab table, but Shelley jerks, scattering the dissection kit across the room. The cherub tightens the noose with a fierce tub. His victim’s head spins. Bulging eyes glimpse a silver flash of the scalpel, resting underneath the lab table. Summoning everything, she throws a punch, stunning the cherub and knocking his mask askew. Gasping for breath, she pitches herself over the table and slams to the floor. The scalpel is inches away. She reaches for it, fingers almost to the handle, when the cherub’s foot crashes onto her hand, crushing it instantly. Shelley moans, follows the line of her attacker’s black tuxedo pants, up to the blue ruffled tuxedo shirt, white dinner jacket, and withered red boutonniere. The cherub picks up the scalpel, straddles her, and raises the blade. With one last burst, Shelley buries her foot deep into his stomach. The cherub sinks to the floor.
9) 5) dialog: Help! She skids across the glistening floor, still wet from the janitor’s mopping. Arms flying, she holds her balance and pedals on. Her eyes sweep the far-off foyer for any sign of life.
10) 0) text: Shelley careens into the foyer. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 13.
12) 0) text: The door swings open, and a light clicks on. The cherub stands in the cadaver room. Ten body bags, five on each side, rest end-to-end on their respective carts. He waits for a noise. Nothing greets him but dead stillness. He turns to go. Stops. Moving to one of the bags, he jerks the zipper down, exposing the corpse of an old woman. Her body is stiff and bloated. Hands blazing, the cherub moves through the makeshift aisle, unzipping as he goes. He reaches the last bag, yanks the zipper, and greets a dead man, whose open mouth is a checkerboard of missing teeth. His thirty-eight inch belly sags open. There’s a slight movement from beneath the body, and the corpse explodes upward, revealing Shelley. The cherub recoils, but the body slams into him, forcing him back. (CONTINUED)
12) 3) dialog: Please! The cherub stares at his victim. A trail of blood dribbles from his nostril. Ignoring it, he moves in, puts the scalpel to Shelley’s neck, and pulls. A crimson path opens in its wake. Shelley’s eyes glaze over in shock. The cherub shoves her head deep into thick, rank ooze. One more zip closes everything off. The cherub steps back and watches as the bag jerks, squirms, then ceases to move altogether. After a moment he goes. Silence fills the room, then scattered drops, then a trickle. At the foot of the cart, the fluid collection pan begins to fill with blood.
43) 0) text: A nearly silent research room. Patrons are lost in their own worlds of words and facts. Jennifer stares into the grey glow of a microfiche machine. Shelley’s twelfth birthday party photo is propped up against the monitor. Paige is at a nearby table, up to her armpits in phone books and public records.