0) 16) dialog: She’s very small. You think she is strong enough? We can‘t have a girl who is always worn out and complaining. My mother is worried about her age. And she‘s never worked outside the home before. CATHARINA seems too large for the room, too opulent, a pe inlaid crucifix dangles heavily between her breasts.
0) 18) dialog: All things considered I suppose it must do but there will have to be a trial. How long should it be, husband? He isn't listening, gazing abstractedly at the wall. CATH hurries on. November 2003
0) 21) dialog: I mean to say we are sorry for your husband‘s misfortune. It was a fire?
0) 23) dialog: Deo gratias. GRIET‘S MOTHER stiffens at the Papist words. Uncomfortabl silence.
0) 25) dialog: (Brightly) Well, shall we say a month and if she proves satisfactory- (I will keep her on.)
0) 35) dialog: Is that how you spend your time - arranging vegetables?
1) 3) dialog: Don’t speak till you’re spoken to. But she seems exhausted by this, continues to stand there absently, one hand on her belly, the other nervously jang the household keys which hang at her hip. GRIET takes a m shirt from the laundry basket. CATHARINA makes an effort.
1) 4) dialog: Tanneke showed you what needs to be done? The laundry and so on. She has barely more experience of this situation than GRI
1) 6) dialog: This is only a trial, nothing is settled yet.
1) 9) dialog: Cornelia, go down. But when CORNELIA ignores her CATHARINA makes no further She seems trapped, helpless. A finger twists and twists i hair. Rovember 2003 12
1) 10) dialog: I.. My husband... You are to clean in there. (A beat) Go in. Go in! Hesitantly GRIET sidles past them and opens the door. Ins a heavy curtain she must push aside. CORNELIA tries to fo but CATHARINA grabs her back as if from the edge of a cli
1) 12) dialog: You must disturb nothing, leave all just as it is. Griet holds her mop and pail in the middle of the room, n wanting to start while CATHARINA watches.
1) 13) dialog: Well, open the shutters. You can’t work in the dark. GRIET moves from window to window pulling open the heavy shutters, sunlight floods into the room. Downstairs the B starts crying, CATHARINA pushes her curls back impatientl
1) 14) dialog: He must not be disturbed. (A beat) It’s important. With these words, almost a plea, CATHARINA closes the doo Left alone GRIET looks round the STUDIO. It is large and uncluttered, unlike the rest of the house. Clean palettes brushes laid neatly on a table, a tall cupboard, a half-o deor through into a storeroom. In one corner a table covered with a blue cloth, an open the tools of a lady’s toilette laid out in careful disarr wocden lay figure (artist's dummy) draped in a bright yel satin jacket. The picture setting. Very carefully, anchoring her hand on the corner of the t GRIET lifts the letter, dusts the cloth underneath and re it. She uses her fingers as she did with her father's clo moving along methodically, fixing, lifting and cleaning. A sudden flash of movement alarms her. Then she realises mirror, fixed on the wall above the table. She stares at herself. The light from the window makes her skin glow; s looks beautiful, transfigured. She turns away, embarrasse November 2603 13 She avoids the painting for as long as she can. It is not But at last she has to look. A woman stands gazing into the mirror as Griet did, trans her pearl necklace forgotten in her hands. The light fall softly on her profile and on the objects littering the ta artful disarray. Her yellow satin mantle seems to glow. GRIET stares, eyes wide in wonder. A chuckle. GRIET swings round to find a LADY watching her from the d She wears a stiff-bodiced black dress encrusted with shin beadwork and a wide white collar. Under her starched cap eyes are shrewd and amused. Instinctively GRIET pulls her own cap forward. MARIA THIN chuckles again, puffs on a pipe she is holding in tobacco stained fingers.
3) 7) dialog: (Smiling) I cannot bear the suspense a moment more, Master Van Ruijven. Pray tell us what you think. VAN RUIJVEN takes a stance in front of the painting, authoritative, proprietorial.
3) 14) dialog: For pity’s sake you tell him, Master Van Ruijven. I swear I bring forth babies with less moaning than he the notion for a painting. General laughter. VAN RUIJVEN stops GRIET, a hand on her grins down the table at VERMEER.
3) 20) dialog: Are you in this new painting, Emilie? EMILIE opens her mouth, as if she might speak.
3) 24) dialog: Cornelia, stop that noise. GRIET leaves quietly.
5) 18) dialog: What is it?
5) 20) dialog: Yes? November 2003 32 CATHARINA rocks the baby’s cradle, to show she is not bei idle.
5) 22) dialog: You don’t need to ask me such stuff.
5) 24) dialog: (Sharply) Of course wash them.
5) 34) dialog: The child needs a draught. (To herself) My mother will not be content till one of them dies from her meanness. (To GRIET) You will go to the apothecary. An errand CATHARINA always reserves for herself.
5) 36) dialog: I suppose I should do everything! But I have to stay with the baby and besides it’s cold and I believe I am falling sick too. (Impatiently) I will write what to ask for. CATHARINA pushes aside loose papers to make space. Some f the ground and GRIET hurries to pick them up. Columns of figures, accounts, bills: CATHARINA snatches them back.
5) 37) dialog: Can you read? GRIET hesitates, her head dipping under the cap.
5) 39) dialog: Coltsfoot elixir, hyssop and elderflower. Enough for both boys. You will need... She looks through the desk for money. Finds only a few co
5) 40) dialog: (agitated) No, no, that's not it! To go on the Master's account. She hands the note to GRIET, flushed with indignation.
5) 85) dialog: What’s the matter? There is no answer, except CORNELIA’S plaintive snivels. CATHARINA pets her distractedly but the BABY has woken an starts crying again. CATHARINA glares at GRIET.
5) 86) dialog: What's wrong with you? Be off about your work. November 2003 39
6) 4) dialog: Be careful, pigeon.
6) 6) dialog: I don’t know. A month or so. Cornelia, no! Not my pearls. CORNELIA puts back a heavy pearl necklace, takes an inlai tortoiseshell comb from the jewel box. MAERTGE smoothes h mother’s elaborately dressed hair, helping to pat the cur place round her forehead. TANNEKE sighs again.
6) 8) dialog: Ah, ah, greedy! (To TANNEKE) Franciscus is taking his rusk now but he still needs milk. Why? What is it to you?
6) 10) dialog: She must eat well - for the baby.
6) 12) dialog: Tell her to be quiet then.
6) 14) dialog: Well, you can't. Griet has your place. GRIET continues to fold linen quietly, hearing the unreas tone in CATHARINA’S voice at her name. VERMEER kneels on the black and white tiles playing stone little JOHANNES. Now he looks up.
6) 18) dialog: My jewels! You always have my jewels up there to paint. She... VERMEER comes to her, offering a key like a love token.
6) 20) dialog: There. Are you satisfied, Tanneke? TANNEKE throws GRIET a sour look, feeling the girl has so come out better than her.
6) 23) dialog: (Laughing) Only every time I go out. It catches the powder.
6) 26) dialog: No, Jan! We shall be late. Again.
8) 15) dialog: One of my tortoiseshell combs is gone. It is an accusation not a statement. VERMEER stands at the window, looking out. GRIET reads di in MARIA THINS’ scowl. CATHARINA's eyes rest on a smear o scarlet madder on GRIET's arm. She draws herself up with dignity. She is totally vindicated.
8) 16) dialog: Perhaps now I will be listened to in my own home. She's nothing but trouble. She sweeps her skirt round to go downstairs, MARIA THINS behind, her clever, soothing words for once pass unheeded CORNELIA’S face at the door, a brief triumphant smirk bef follows them. Suddenly GRIET understands. GRIET and VERMEER are left alone in the studio. A painful silence, punctuated by the WOMEN’S VOICES from below. VERMEER turns abruptly and crosses the room, not meeting eyes. As he reaches the door: November 2003 57
8) 23) dialog: She’s dishonest. Always sneaking around, skiving her work. GRIET looks towards VERMEER, hoping he will explain, defe He is studying his boots. MARIA THINS glares at her warni
8) 24) dialog: Tanneke has complained of it. Creeping upstairs all day long. She bumps against the table in her anger, thumps it with open hand. VERMEER half-reaches out to her. She stops abr she might be going to hit him. MARIA THINS decides to tak charge. November 2003 58
8) 26) dialog: (A fresh outburst) I only took her out of charity. If I'd thought- MARIA THINS cuts her off.
8) 32) dialog: Maertge! Come here. November 2003 59 Obediently MAERTGE goes to her MOTHER. CATHARINA’S hands still busy taming CORNELIA’S hair, she can think of nothi keep MAERTGE with her.
8) 33) dialog: Don’t gawk your head like that, child. It’s ugly. MAERTGE droops instantly. CORNELIA pokes her tongue out a sister, winces as CATHARINA tugs at her hair. NOISE from outside, the guests arriving. They all run to out of the window. EXT. VERMEER HOUSE DAY - THEIR P.O.V. VAN RUIJVEN, with his wife and daughter, arrives at the h grand style on their barge. Their clothes are even richer voice booms louder than before. VERMEER, stepping forward greet him, looks shabby in comparison.
8) 36) dialog: One painter in the house is enough. Raising my children is all my pride.
8) 46) dialog: It will have to be a Slow Measure if he paints it. VAN RUIJVEN leans closer to her, shamelessly ogling her cleavage.
8) 105) dialog: Jan. My necklace. She holds up the ribbons of her necklace for him to tie. at him in the mirror as he does so; a seductive smile, an casual adjustment of her bodice to reveal more of her magnificent bosom. Quite unaware he ties the ribbons and out.
8) 107) dialog: (Acid) Haven’t you finished yet
9) 14) dialog: I have the household to run, you know. I can’t be forever up and down.
9) 18) dialog: I never think painting so lively as when you speak of it. VAN RUIJVEN takes a long draught of wine.
9) 20) dialog: But you said yourself it’s very dull.
9) 23) dialog: You'll have to wait then. He makes only one painting at a time, though my mother has often pressed him otherwise.
9) 25) dialog: He claims he cannot hold two in his head, though when I consider all I must manage with the house and children... VAN RUIJVEN secretly gives CORNELIA a sip of wine. She sc her face up in disgust.
9) 28) dialog: Master Van Ruijven, what are you doing?
9) 54) dialog: Jan, please. He brings over the box, settles on a low stool and massag feet between his hands. CATHARINA is dressed in her fine velvet. She stifles a ya
9) 55) dialog: I am so tired. GRIET pours their wine, sets it in front of them.
9) 59) dialog: Jant GRIET'S eyes meet VERMEER‘S. She sees that he has found w needs. That he is pitiless. MARIA THINS sees it too.
9) 90) dialog: (Petulant) Griet. Griet! She is coming along the corridor towards the back of the VAN RUIJVEN lets GRIET go, quickly straightens his clothi
10) 16) dialog: No, I will not be calm. Am I a child? Dees no one speak the truth to me in my own house? CORNELIA is snivelling, frightened by her MOTHER’S passio
10) 18) dialog: More lies. I don’t want to hear any more of your lies, Mother. I have a right to know. But, finding herself at last in the forbidden room, CATHA falls silent, afraid. VERMEER is the last to enter, quietly, the eye of the sto meets GRIET’S eyes across the room. CATHARINA recovers herself a little.
10) 19) dialog: So. No more hiding now. Here I am. I want to see this painting. VERMEER makes a weary gesture.
10) 21) dialog: No point! I am too stupid to look at a painting now. A savage finger at GRIET.
10) 22) dialog: She can’t read! You know that? MARIA THINS pulls forward a chair.
10) 24) dialog: Why can’t I look? What have you done? November 2003 83 VERMEER is by the easel, his accustomed place.
10) 27) dialog: (Desperate) Is it true she wore my pearls? VERMEER cannot answer. CATHARINA groans in anguish.
10) 28) dialog: How could you? How could you? She heaves herself up and stands in front of The Concert painting, breathing heavily, staring. Then she bursts out laughing.
10) 29) dialog: He’s backwards. Backwards. Look at him - fat arse spilling off the chair. My God, I'm not the only one that’s been had. MARIA THINS laughs too, her dry, cracked laugh.
10) 31) dialog: And there’s yours, Mother. She points at the old hag in the Procuress painting.
10) 32) dialog: I always hated that picture and now I know why. My mother the whore-monger.
10) 34) dialog: Why? Was painting enough for him? Was it enough for you? (A beat) Show me the other. November 2003 84
10) 36) dialog: Show me. VERMEER faces her, arms wide, palms out.
10) 38) dialog: {A whisper) It's obscene. Everyone will see your... Sin... She gasps for breath. The words are torn from her.
10) 39) dialog: (Anguished) Why don’t you paint me?
10) 41) dialog: And she does! Her words hang in the air: the truth. Suddenly she lunges at the painting with the knife. But V is too quick for her, grabs her wrist so hard it hurts, s cries out. He is blazing, his fury all the more terrifying for its quietness. She goes limp in his grasp and he lets her go. CATHARINA backs away, finds CORNELIA to cling to. A singl glance of hatred at GRIET.
10) 42) dialog: Get her out of here. Get out of my house. GRIET has been waiting for this but even so it falls like whiplash. November 2003 85 Her eyes seek out VERMEER, although she can hear CATHARIN drawn hiss of fury. He is infinitely sad, infinitely dist