0) 49) dialog: Tell Tanneke the new maid is here. After a moment MAERTGE decides this is the right thing to The little ones run after her. GRIET and CORNELIA are lef alone. CORNELIA eyes GRIET, smirking at her heavy clothin clumsy shoes.
0) 62) text: Air the bedding, wash and press the sheets and linen, heat water for Young Mistress to bathe, empty the pots. TANNEKE stands with hands on hips, out of breath. Her apr grey and soiled with grease spots, her fingers reddened f work. CORNELIA comes and leans on TANNEKE, catlike in her temporary affection.
0) 66) dialog: Do you like them? CORNELIA is looking up at her, alert and interested. GRIE smiles back.
0) 68) dialog: No! He just sells them. All his paintings go straight away. GRIET feels stupid, as she was meant to, but TANNEKE is a bustling out of the room, GRIET must hurry after.
1) 24) dialog: I'll catch it! GRIET too is fascinated by the light, white flame across white cloth, pale orange on the red brickwork, dazzling a window. Through the glass she catches a movement in the room abov iight flickers over the MASTER’S face. GRIET lets the bowl drop from her hand, confused. She wan pull her cap forward but her hands are dirty. The girls f silent at once, CORNELIA glares.
1) 25) dialog: You made us! GRIET crouches to pick up the bowl. When she dares look u the window is empty. The girls have disappeared.
1) 28) dialog: It’s dirty now. CORNELIA makes another hand print and laughs. In response slaps her, sharp on the cheek, a black smirch over the re CORNELIA’S eyes widen in shock but she doesn’t cry.
2) 0) text: MAERTGE and CORNELIA accompany TANNEKE and GRIET towards grand fagade of the MEAT MARKET; stone ox heads over the classical entrances.
5) 50) dialog: Can I come? VERMEER shakes his head, coming out of the moment. He tur abruptly and pushes past CORNELIA who is peering inquisit GRIET tucks the paper into her shawl quickly, but not fas enough to avoid CORNELIA’S sharp eyes.
5) 52) dialog: What's that? GRIET bites her lip.
5) 54) dialog: You better hurry. We had a brother that died.
5) 73) dialog: Grandmother, Aleydis won't give me- MARIA THINS cuffs her sharply.
5) 79) dialog: I don't care. She gets up, letting the cushion fall on the floor, pins bobbins scattering.
5) 81) dialog: No. The other CHILDREN are watching round-eyed. Gentle MAERTG to make peace.
5) 83) dialog: You don’t tell me what to do. You're only a servant. GRIET gets up angrily and CORNELIA, scared and excited, h behind the furniture.
5) 84) dialog: Go away! Leave me alone! I didn't do anything. CATHARINA comes hurrying in, the BABY asleep in her arms. CORNELIA runs to her, clings to her skirts as if for prot
7) 10) dialog: (Promptly, she must have been listening all along) Twenty eight. November 2003 54
8) 2) dialog: (Accusing) What were you doing? November 2003 55 GRIET is wrong-footed, tries to keep calm.
8) 4) dialog: She has a headache. You're to mind the little ones this morning.
9) 26) dialog: I like it. VAN RUIJVEN gives her a squeeze.
9) 97) dialog: I thought of the surprise. November 2003 79 A perfectly innocent smile. With trembling hands GRIET un her present: a child-made lace collar.
9) 100) dialog: Take off your cap. Then you’ll look like a lady. That tell-tale smirk. GRIET pulls off the collar.