1) 15) dialog: That's right, girl. You keep it to yourself in this house. In spite of herself GRIET looks back at the picture.
1) 16) dialog: You‘re not the first to forget your manners in front of his paintings. GRIET curtseys, a mumbled “Madam”.
1) 17) dialog: Master Van Ruijven‘s wife. MARIA THINS rakes the room with sharp eyes, gathering information.
1) 18) dialog: It's like enough - though I never saw so much in her. GRIET looks from the painting to the setting. Although th objects lie on the table in the same way, the map on the and the window are almost the same, the effect is not.
1) 20) dialog: Should have asked more for it too. Do you think it finished? GRIET studies the painting. It certainly looks finished. THINS laughs harshly. November 2003 14
1) 21) dialog: Three months already. Another three before he’s satisfied, no doubt. GRIET’S eyes widen in surprise. Suddenly MARIA THINS is a
1) 22) dialog: Get along, girl. You’re not paid to stand gawping all day. GRIET hurriedly gathers up her cleaning things.
2) 46) dialog: Take this invitation to the house of your master’s patron, Pieter van Ruijven.
3) 3) dialog: Friends and neighbours, our honoured guest Master Van Ruijven, Mistress Emilie. Not only are we gathered tonight to celebrate the safe delivery into this world, God be praised, of little Franciscus- (Cheers and applause) Qur thanks to you all for so many kind presents - but also to rejoice at another birth: a new Masterpiece from the hand of my son-in-law, Johannes Vermeer. She pulls the cover from the finished painting, which is easel by the table. More applause, warm and genuine. No d that his talents are admired but VERMEER can only manage formal smile of acknowledgement. VAN RUIJVEN gets to his and bows, taking the plaudits as his by right. He walks this way and that before the painting, studying a great air of connoisseurship until the room falls quiet wife EMILIE VAN RUIJVEN (the subject of the painting), MA THINS and CATHARINA wait anxiously on his judgement. Only VERMEER sits still, shielding his painting hand with the
3) 10) dialog: (Quickly) And have you considered a subject for your next commission? We cannot expect you to give up Emilie for so long again.
3) 23) dialog: LISBETH and ALEYDIS stare glumly out of the window at the pouring down; they both have racking coughs. CORNELIA is clacking the pieces on a tric-trac board, MAERTGE is tryi amuse the toddler JOHANNES with pat-a-cake games. CATHARI paces to and fro failing to soothe the BABY.
4) 4) dialog: GRIET in her best lace collar. MARIA THINS counts out sma coins into her hand. Far off a church bell ringing, then another.
5) 17) dialog: GRIET finds CATHARINA with her mother by the fire, heads together, talking in low voices. CATHARINA glares at GRIE annoyed at the interruption.
5) 70) dialog: He's started a new painting. But you know that.
5) 72) dialog: There's no buyer, he wont even let me see it. But he's working again... It usually takes longer. CORNELIA runs in through the front door, dirty footprints clean floor.
5) 74) dialog: See what you've done, silly child! Now Griet must do it over. CORNELIA scowls at GRIET. MARIA THINS softens.
5) 75) dialog: There, poppet, get along and don't sulk.
5) 77) dialog: While the other girls bend diligently over their cushions bobbins CORNELIA teases a kitten with the dangling thread her lace work. GRIET, with a pile of mending before her, to concentrate. The kitten’s claws snag in the delicate t CORNELIA laughs.
6) 66) dialog: It's true then. You are here.
6) 68) dialog: You told me you were painting today. VERMEER cradles his painting hand.
6) 72) dialog: What the Devil is she- Downstairs, girl. At once. GRIET hurries to leave. MARIA THINS turns to VERMEER agai
6) 73) dialog: (Hissing) Joannis, in the Name of Christ - think! You are not the only one in this house with eyes.
8) 13) dialog: Griet, are you up there?
8) 21) dialog: It is MARIA THINS who takes up her cane while CATHARINA t away weeping. CORNELIA’S face is white and defiant, her g eyes like stone.
8) 25) dialog: My daughter is right. There has been too much sneaking about. Her tone includes her son-in-law in the charge.
8) 27) dialog: With another child due we need the extra help. CATHARINA is quelled for the moment.
8) 28) dialog: Griet, fit in all your duties and do not slack or it will be the worse for you. Her eyes are dark and beady, calculating, holding them al her grasp.
8) 29) dialog: I shall invite Master Van Ruijven. Joannis must have a new commission. And it will have to be a big one, several figures. VERMEER cradles his painting hand in the other protective he neither speaks nor looks at any of them. MARIA THINS c her hands, dismissing them all.
8) 30) dialog: Now back to work.
8) 31) dialog: CATHARINA is very nervous, she brushes the GIRLS’ hair, i their protests. GRIET helps MAERTGE into her first grown-up dress, of whi is shyly proud. MAERTGE will never be a beauty but dresse her hair curled and ribboned, she begins to look like a l only a couple of years younger than GRIET but already her set on an utterly different course. CATHARINA sees them together - the mousy, richly-dressed the linen-capped maid who effortlessly eclipses her — and mouth tightens.
8) 39) dialog: A connoisseur in everything, Master Van Ruijven. But you should be faithful to one mistress above all others. VAN RUIJVEN is intrigued.
8) 40) dialog: Art. Your name will surely be famed as one of the great patrons, the Maecenas of Delft. With your exquisite taste, your subtle understanding of allegory and allusion- VAN RUIJVEN laughs, head back.
8) 42) dialog: A group painting. A family portrait perhaps... She glances at VERMEER, knowing he won't like this. He concentrates on helping MAERTGE.
8) 43) dialog: Yourself and Emilie. Your lovely daughter too. No sign of interest from VAN RUIJVEN. MARIA THINS pushes further.
8) 44) dialog: Or a Merry Company. Wine and a good meal on the table; a still life with your friends all about. (A beat) Music and dancing.
8) 83) dialog: 
8) 84) dialog: My daughter must not hear of this ‘other’ painting. MARIA THINS counts out coins while GRIET waits with the s pail.
8) 85) dialog: In her condition... GRIET looks down at the coins in her hands.
8) 87) dialog: It is to hang in his private cabinet, with a curtain over. Gimlet eyes on GRIET to see how she takes this. She turns to go back up her private staircase.
8) 88) dialog: He’s no fool, mind you. And he won’t be taken for one, so don't think otherwise. You're a fly in his web.(To herself) We all are. Joannis should have gone about it another way.
9) 77) dialog: Well, girl? What’s to be done? GRIET says nothing.
9) 78) dialog: You may fool the men with your downcast eyes. Master Van Ruijven wants his paintings and he will bear no more delay. MARIA THINS' bony hand on the black cane trembles, for th time she seems vulnerable, frightened even.
9) 79) dialog: I've protected you, for his sake and yours but if he crosses Van Ruijven over this he will lose him. Then what? It makes her angry to be so helpless, begging a maid for She glares at GRIET.
9) 80) dialog: Flood water seeps under the door and the house comes down. I won't let that happen here. November 2003 17
9) 103) dialog: My daughter is out for the day. She unlocks CATHARINA’S jewel box.
9) 104) dialog: Do it now. She thrusts the open box towards GRIET, who is still wipi smuts from her hands. Reluctantly she takes the pearl ear out of their velvet nest. The seconds seem to crawl.
10) 17) dialog: By all the Saints, if you would stop screaming for a moment I can expl-
10) 23) dialog: Sit down, you’ll exhaust yourself. CATHARINA ignores her.
10) 26) dialog: They're just paintings. Pictures for money. They mean nothing.
10) 30) dialog: That's right. He wanted a portrait and he got one.