2) 11) dialog: But that’s for.. (Mistress Van der Velde.) His father frowns. PIETER shrugs and brings over a parcel PAUL unwraps and holds out to GRIET. She inspects the mea curtly.
2) 81) dialog: A nice greeting! When I brought the meat order just for you. He gestures to a laden handcart behind him. GRIET hides h hands under her apron.
2) 83) dialog: Not even a smile for my pains?
2) 85) dialog: Come on. She shakes her head.
2) 86) dialog: I'll put it in the book, then? Owed by Griet - one smile. GRIET smiles at last but at that moment PIETER straighten formally, his open face clouds, his hand automatically ta his cap. GRIET turns and sees VERMEER watching from the d interior, his grey eyes running past her to PIETER before disappears inside. GRIET bites her lip.
5) 4) dialog: Sir, Mistress. I am glad to meet you. He pauses politely but none of the family are able to tak the conversation. He smiles encouragingly.
5) 5) dialog: I've lived in Delft all my life and not seen the half of it. So I thought to visit every church in the City and find the best.
5) 7) dialog: Very well. So well I may stop my search here — if you'll let me, Mistress. He addresses himself entirely to GRIET’'S MOTHER, who is by his good looks and good manners.
5) 9) dialog: Griet is the hardest to please of all our customers.
5) 12) dialog: Ah, Griet. Where's that smile you owe me, when I‘ve been so clever as to track you down. GRIET refuses to be impressed.
5) 15) dialog: My lucky day. GRIET’'S arms are folded but she cannot resist answering smile with her own.
5) 95) dialog: (Tender) Griet. He moves closer, she tries to push him away, he laces his fingers through hers. She focuses on his hand: dried bloo at the base of the nails. He smiles at her, starts to lif side of her cap.
5) 96) dialog: Let me see your hair. She pulls the cap down, he tugs it up again, laughing.
5) 97) dialog: What colour is it? She pushes him off.
5) 99) dialog: Straight or curly?
5) 101) dialog: Long? Very long? He tries to pull off the cap again. She beats at his arms deadly earnest.
5) 103) dialog: It was only a game.
5) 105) dialog: She knows where you are. November 2003 41 GRIET shoots him a look of fury, outraged at the truth an of it.
8) 0) text: GRIET playfully runs away from PIETER. He catches her and her.
8) 60) dialog: Griet! Wait! PIETER hurries along the street after them. He has a carc one shoulder, his apron is smeared with blood. Passers-by round in surprise. PIETER arrives, breathless. Props the carcass on stiff hi legs.
8) 61) dialog: Did you hear what-
8) 63) dialog: No smoke without fire, they say.
8) 65) dialog: No. I.. You're only a maid. What can you do? GRIET bites her lip.
8) 67) dialog: Griet! Don't walk away. Listen to me. MAERTGE holds GRIET’S hand possessively, CORNELIA glares He comes closer, lowers his voice to a murmur.
8) 68) dialog: Remember who you are, Griet. Don’t get caught up in his world. She turns on him angrily.
8) 70) dialog: I don't speak of van Ruijven. EXT. VERMEER HOUSE — DAY GRIET hurries back to the house. Too late she sees VERMEE VAN RUIJVEN talking by the canal and turns away.
10) 2) dialog: Griet! She takes him by the hand and leads him out.
10) 5) dialog: Sweet Griet. She reties her cap. Her ear is bleeding a little.
10) 6) dialog: Griet, don't rush away. Where are you going? He grabs her by the shoulders so she must face him.
10) 7) dialog: Leave that house, join me and Paul at the Market. She meets his eyes levelly, very still.
10) 9) dialog: I'll fetch your things. We'll send someone.
10) 11) dialog: Griet. Our own life. Answering to no one. Don‘t go. Marry me. She puts a hand on his cheek, kisses him. Walks away. He leans against the wall, head down.