0) 51) dialog: Young Mistress is out this morning. I’m to show you round. She sniffs, as if to say this is not a proper part of her duties. Her face is red from the stove, cheeks pocked. She indicates the water pump as she leads the way up the
0) 52) dialog: Water for the table.
0) 54) dialog: Take water from the canal for laundry, it’s clean enough this side of town. Soda, coppers, boiler, sand and soap. The middle of the room is full of sheets drying, careless arranged. Surreptitiously GRIET straightens the nearest s November 2003
0) 57) dialog: You're to help serve and clear. Buy fish and Meat from the Market when Young Mistress don’t want to - and that’s often enough. She curves a hand out beyond her own substantial belly.
0) 58) dialog: You'll take your meals with me and the children. Pewter and silver, needs polishing every week. She pulls on a rope and pulley to open a trapdoor down to cellar.
0) 59) dialog: That's your sleeping place. Scour the pots and pans. Fetch in the milk and butter. No time to pause as TANNEKE leads the way through to anot room.
0) 61) dialog: Dust and polish the woodwork, beat the carpets, trim the candlewicks. Floor scrubbed morning and night. Young Mistress and Master sleep and have company here. The furniture is solid and intricately carved, the heavy curtains round the marriage bed richly brocaded. But dirt laundry, children’s shoes and toys lie scattered on the f disorderly and profuse, the opposite of GRIET'S clean, ba home. November 2003
0) 62) text: Air the bedding, wash and press the sheets and linen, heat water for Young Mistress to bathe, empty the pots. TANNEKE stands with hands on hips, out of breath. Her apr grey and soiled with grease spots, her fingers reddened f work. CORNELIA comes and leans on TANNEKE, catlike in her temporary affection.
0) 64) dialog: Nobody but. Would've put paid to a scrawny creature like you - day in, day out. On top of all the errands bar the Draper and 'Pothec'ry. She looks around with proprietorial pride.
0) 65) dialog: (Kinder) You’ll get used to it. CORNELIA notices GRIET staring at the paintings.
0) 69) dialog: This way.
0) 71) dialog: My Mistress, Maria Thins has this room. 'Tis her owns the house - not her daughter, for all her fine airs. GRIET has an impression of gaudy Catholic paintings, fine and a prie-Dieu.
0) 73) dialog: You're to clean in there. As GRIET takes a step in that direction.
0) 74) dialog: (scandalised) Not now! He's painting.
2) 0) text: MAERTGE and CORNELIA accompany TANNEKE and GRIET towards grand fagade of the MEAT MARKET; stone ox heads over the classical entrances.
2) 3) dialog: Paul. This is Griet, the new maid. She will fetch the meat now, With an effort GRIET looks away from the jaunty calf.
2) 5) dialog: An ox tongue and a dozen chops.
2) 40) dialog: There you are. Fetch some water, will you. (Muttering) Blessed Mary, Mother of God... More SCREAMS from the Hall, MARIA THINS’ calming voice.
2) 41) dialog: (hiding her fear) Six babies. Why does she have to make such a racket?
2) 67) dialog: She thought she was somebody, all dressed up like a lady.
2) 69) dialog: Green as grass, mind you. Only worked there a few months before Master van Ruijven brought her over for the painting. Got her into his wife's finery, poured wine down her like he was forcing a goose, took her home the long way. Sure enough she was carrying his by-blow before the paint was dry. November 2003 23 She slams down the meat dish with a clang.
2) 70) dialog: He thinks we don't know how to celebrate a birth, does he?
3) 28) dialog: Bankrupt. Three ships lost in a month they say. The shame. GRIET watches wide-eyed as more fine possessions are drag and loaded onto a barge. An old GENTLEMAN and his white-haired WIFE come slowly ou the house. Stupefied by their misfortune. The OLD WOMAN t intervene to save some personal memento, a BAILIFF pushes eff roughly so she falls to the ground. TANNEKE crosses herself, warding off evil.
3) 29) dialog: God save us all. Watch out for Young Mistress — she hates to hear of money troubles. She'll turn spiteful at this, you mark my words. November 2003 29
4) 1) dialog: One year it got so bad they had to sell some of her jewels. TANNEKE rolls her eyes in delicious horror at the memory.
4) 2) dialog: Phew! You can imagine how that pleased her. She went off like a thunderclap, crashing all over the house - I kept my head down I can tell you. Smashed half the china off the dresser, even went to spoil one of his precious paintings. Well, he’s a temper on him too, for all he's so quiet. She's never set so much as a foot in the studio from that day to this. GRIET listens, open-mouthed.
5) 120) dialog: Thinking about your butcher boy? She laughs, not unkindly, as GRIET blushes and goes back polishing the jug. EXT. DELFT STREETS/APOTHECARY’S SHOP - DAY GRIET slips away from the Market stalls down the alley to Apothecary's shop.
6) 3) dialog: Lord, I‘m that tired I can barely stand. CATHARINA is preparing to go out, she is in high spirits. jewel box is open and she wears a wide white linen collar protect her rich yellow mantle from her face powder. The are hanging around her, CORNELIA trying on her necklaces.
6) 5) dialog: How much longer is the wet nurse to be with us, Mistress? CATHARINA doesn’t look round from the mirror.
6) 7) dialog: A month! Or more! CATHARINA dangles a bright chain over the BABY’S crib fon laughing as his fat fingers grab for it.
6) 9) dialog: Oh nothing. She's eating us out of house and home for a start...
6) 11) dialog: All I'm saying is, I can't cook twice as much and have no sleep at all. It’s more than a body can stand, to be woken all hours by her coming and going. November 2003 46 CATHARINA holds up her pearl earrings and approves hersel a smile.
6) 13) dialog: If I could move back to the cellar...
6) 21) dialog: (Sulkily) Yes, Mistress. VERMEER touches CATHARINA’S linen collar.
7) 0) text: It is the end of the day. TANNEKE sits on a bench trying light a pipe. GRIET takes down the last of the laundry. C and MAERTGE are practising dance steps. November 2003 53
7) 1) dialog: No need for the Fish Market tomorrow, Mistress wants eggs. She puffs at the pipe, drawing out the moment. Looks over two girls.
7) 2) dialog: (lowered voice) No, she cannot abide the smell when she’s with child. GRIET, arms full of baby clothes, can’t hide her surprise
7) 4) dialog: As if there weren't enough mouths to feed already. But what can you do? She looks up to the lit studio window significantly.
7) 5) dialog: Men! GRIET doesn’t want to hear this.
7) 7) dialog: Dunno. Maybe I will, one day. Again GRIET is taken aback. TANNEKE laughs.
7) 8) dialog: How old did you think I was, then? Wisely GRIET doesn’t attempt to guess. If she did she mig forty.
7) 9) dialog: Started with Old Mistress when I was fourteen. (Counting on her fingers) Year before Maertge was born. What‘s that, then?
7) 11) dialog: Twenty eight. There you are. GRIET is horrified but TANNEKE examines her beefy forearm broad girth with some satisfaction.
7) 12) dialog: It’s the work does it. Few more years, you’ll thicken up.
12) 0) text: GRIET walks across the great Market Square. Other people on with their everyday lives but the sound is muffled and distant; she is lost in her own world. She stops on the brick star at the centre of the square. November 2003 86 INT. GRIET’S HOUSE DAY GRIET sits in the late afternoon sun near the back doorwa finishing her headdress. Her wedding dress is laid out on bed, other wedding preparations visible in the background TANNEKE appears at the door, out of breath. A moment's silence as they size each other up.
12) 1) dialog: I’ve come to the right place then.
12) 3) dialog: So it’s true, you‘re to be married.
12) 5) dialog: We use another butcher nowadays. She searches in her apron pocket and brings out a small c wrapped package. She hands it to GRIET.
12) 6) dialog: For you. I had to bring it myself - never mind that the dinner’s left to spoil. Men! She stops abruptly. GRIET holds the package gingerly, not to look at it.
12) 7) dialog: Best be off then.
12) 9) dialog: No need for that. She turns away, her face working.