2) 48) dialog: So, finished at last. And the baby too. Jan's brood mare. Hot-tempered is she, your mistress? Hard to handle? He looks up from the note and runs his eyes over GRIET, s blatantly lascivious that GRIET cannot stop herself from blushing. She pulls the points of her cap forward. VAN RU laughs.
2) 49) dialog: She wants an answer, you'll have to wait. He goes over to a carved desk, finds a quill and paper. G gazes around the Hall, far grander than Vermeer‘s with se Vermeer paintings among others on the walls.
2) 50) dialog: A very pretty picture. VAN RUIJVEN is eyeing her. GRIET looks down in silence. H pours wine from a porcelain jug.
2) 51) dialog: Are you thirsty? GRIET is shocked, tries to hide it. Novenber 2003 21
2) 53) dialog: I wouldn’t tell. He smiles conspiratorially.
2) 55) dialog: Hm, "Honoured guest". It was the old woman's idea to combine the birth feast and the viewing, no doubt. She's a tight fist. He scrawls his reply and blots it as he talks.
2) 56) dialog: I'm not turning out for small beer and biscuit, tell her. This brat and I deserve a proper feast. It's time they made a show, let the world know their worth. You have very wide eyes. What do they call you?
2) 58) dialog: Your Master's a fine painter, Griet. Finest in Delft, though I shan’t tell him so. He has painted me. Perhaps that will be my epitaph. He laughs at his own joke; a rich, powerful man of the wo GRIET has never met anyone like him.
2) 59) dialog: Come, take a look. He draws back the curtain to reveal a painting by his des GRIET has to move a step or two closer to look at it, clo him too. The painting, by Vermeer, is a drinking scene: in the for a young woman in a gorgeous red dress (the WOMAN from the Tavern) smiles towards us, while a gentleman (VAN RUIJVEN her a glass of wine. Behind them in a shadowy corner anot man, head on hand, is bored or asleep.
2) 60) dialog: Look at that dress, you can almost stroke the satin. And the wine winking through the glass. It stank mind you, sour as vinegar by the end of each day - I had to send out for more. November 2003 22
2) 61) dialog: My back ached, her hand shook so much he had to put the napkin there to save the dress. GRIET looks at the painting, drinking in the detail, fasc VAN RUIJVEN stands too close.
2) 62) dialog: Can you see yourself in such finery, my dear? She loved it you know: lace and satin tight against her plump little bubbies, heavy silk on her thighs, the gentlemen looking at her. My God, she was happy.
2) 63) dialog: (Offering her wine again) Sure? VAN RUIJVEN leans towards her in conscious imitation of h painted self. She shakes her head.
2) 64) dialog: It's a moral lesson, of course. There's Temperance in the window holding the reins; the peeled fruit, her silly smile, mouth gaping - only one way things can end. He is right by GRIET now. She takes a step back.
2) 66) dialog: Take care, it is hot. He holds out the note, so she must tug it from his plump, fingers. Behind them the painting of VAN RUIJVEN and the
3) 2) dialog: Lucky whelp. Where's mine? CATHARINA laughs bravely as he eyes her cleavage. MARIA T rises to her feet and taps a glass for quiet.
3) 4) dialog: Is this Indian yellow? Vermeer nods.
3) 5) dialog: Extracted from the urine of sacred cows fed only on mange leaves. You've glazed my wife in dried piss, eh? General laughter. November 2003 26
3) 8) dialog: I like it better when the sitter looks out from a painting - takes one’s eye, so to speak. Hmm His sharp eyes flick over the worried faces of VERMEER‘S womenfolk. He smiles graciously.
3) 9) dialog: Still, it is good. The colour and perspective true, the illusion perfect. Such skill lavished on my dear Emilie. Why it is almost as if she were thinking. VAN RUIJVEN laughs. MARIA THINS leads more applause - of RUIJVEN'S approval and discerning taste - as VAN RUIJVEN a heavy purse on the table in front of CATHARINA. EMILIE passively - her husband is cruelly accurate - as GRIET po wine for her.
3) 11) dialog: Considered - it’s already in hand. Didn't I tell you? A coming fellow from Amsterdam. A palpable shock of disappointment from CATHARINA and MAR THINS. VAN RUIJVEN chats on, enjoying their discomfort.
3) 12) dialog: Trained with Rembrandt Van Rijn, though who hasn't these days. A Merry Company by Candlelight, candlelight being his forte. I have business there at present so it suits me well. And he takes a deal more care of his sitters than some painters I could name. Fresh coffee and cakes aplenty, good company and no stinting the wine flask. November 2003 27 MARIA THINS signals for GRIET to refill VAN RUIJVEN’S gla
3) 13) dialog: So, what will you daub next, Jan? Have you found inspiration up in that room of yours? Is there another patron in Delft with pockets as deep as mine? An expectant silence. But there is no other patron and VA RUIJVEN knows it. The silence grows awkward.
3) 15) dialog: Here's what to paint. VERMEER smiles politely.
3) 16) dialog: I'd keep her company of course, offer my advice.
3) 18) dialog: Look at her, man. How hard can it be to paint a pretty girl? VERMEER glances at GRIET. GRIET is in turmoil; hating the attention yet hoping, in spite of herself, that he'll see something in her. But his eyes slide away.
3) 21) dialog: The company is not fit. Besides she likes to stay home. November 2003 28
6) 35) text: VERMEER holds one end of the camera obscura, the MAN (VAN LEEUWENHOEK) the other. An extension, obviously home-made been put on one end and they are struggling to fit the wh contraption safely on the table.
6) 37) dialog: Did I tell you I ground a perfect lens last week? The very smallest distortion at one edge. Careful - I was awake a great part of the night at this; the new lens is not so well-~secured as I wanted. They lift the box but as they do so VAN LEEUWENHOEK catch sight of GRIET watching from the attic. He gasps and drop end of the camera obscura with a crash.
6) 38) dialog: Aah! There’s a girl in your attic.
6) 40) dialog: Confound it, the whole thing is out of true. What's she doing up there? He starts disassembling the camera obscura as he talks.
6) 42) dialog: Hmm.. I don’t know... You see the bracket...no,no I believe it is only a little bent...if I... Hold that steady, yes, there it goes... I know who she is! Catharina complained at length - a brace of customers waiting - at the strain of running so large a household. I thought she was bragging.
6) 44) dialog: It's the talk fills my shop - and with sickness in the town that's no small matter. I am not the only draper in Delft selling fine silk in five weights but I am the only one willing and able to converse on any subject under God's sun.
6) 46) dialog: So Griet, now we are on the level - Antony Van Leeuwenhoek, your servant - What were you doing in the attic? Spying for Mother Thins? GRIET hesitates, this is her secret with VERMEER. But som in VAN LEEUWENHOEK'S face gives her confidence.
6) 48) dialog: Griet the Assistant, eh? What next? Have you taken a pupil at last? You won't teach me.
6) 50) dialog: A little more, stop, the other way, more more... there. D'you see the diffraction- ow, my foot. GRIET’S lips curl upwards.
6) 53) dialog: You're a tyrant. Tell her next she may not breathe, your blessed picture doesn't. (Looking at the painting) What does it mean? Who is she? GRIET holds her breath. VERMEER straightens up, turns awa
6) 55) text: Why isn't Van Ruijven buying it? His pockets are deep enough surely, even if he never pays a bill till the next quarter but one. Did you quarrel?
6) 57) dialog: Are you being stiff-necked, Jan? He's visited by every notable in the country - still waiting for my invitation - and your pictures are the pride of his collection.
6) 59) dialog: It isn't modesty holds you back! Make it up with him for God's sake.
6) 61) dialog: That business with the maid? You're only a painter, Jan, not his confessor.
6) 63) dialog: Well, if you need some maybe I could-
6) 65) dialog: He's used to having his way and you cross him, that's- The door opens abruptly and MARIA THINS stands there.
6) 67) dialog: Mistress Thins. You look well. I have the black satin- MARIA THINS ignores him, turns angrily on her son-in-law.
6) 71) dialog: Your servant, Mistress. Good Day Jan. Griet. MARIA THINS looks thunderstruck as she realises GRIET, st the painting pose, has witnessed this scene.
8) 35) dialog: I swear you get lovelier every time I see you, Catharina. Do you paint yourself? He laughs again, then licks a finger and rubs it on CATHA cheek, examines it for signs of make-up. As an afterthoug licks it again, as if he had dipped it in honey. CATHARIN smiles at him, a woman of the world.
8) 37) dialog: Ah, little Maertge. Filling out nicely, isn’t she? MAERTGE, sitting between her MOTHER and FATHER, quails at attention, ears burning red.
8) 38) dialog: All those girls, eh. Lads swarming round ‘em like flies before long. If I were a few years younger... GRIET serves EMILIE VAN RUIJVEN, as calm and silent as he painting. MARIA THINS turns to VAN RUIJVEN with a smile. Noverber 2003 60
8) 41) dialog: Damn, you could sell sour milk to cows, woman. What do you want now? MARIA THINS straightens the delicate white lace on her cu
8) 45) dialog: Better, better. GRIET serves MARIA THINS. CATHARINA puts a hand on VAN RU arm.
8) 47) dialog: That‘s the only dance I know. November 2003 61 They giggle together like smutty children. GRIET goes rou serve VAN RUIJVEN, head down, shoulders hunched, trying t invisible.
8) 48) dialog: There’s truth in what you say, Maria, larded in with all those sweet words. It so happens your son-in-law is a damn fine painter, as good as any Amsterdam fellow I’d say- He breaks off to take a mouthful of meat.
8) 49) dialog: Bh, that’s good. Fat Tanneke learnt to cook at last. What I mean is, I‘1ll swallow your bait, the big picture, several figures, a Merry Company. But not a family portrait...
8) 50) dialog: If I’m to put up with all those tedious hours of sitting I need something to rest my eyes on. I want her in the painting. He reaches back with one arm and grabs GRIET, pulling her forward. VERMEER is on his feet. CATHARINA shrieks, VAN R releases his grip, still smiling. His sharp eyes are on V as he sinks back into his chair, the reaction noted. MARIA THINS licks her lips, eyes darting from one end of table to the other. VERMEER runs one fingertip round his wineglass till it sings.
8) 51) dialog: A tavern scene, why not? That would make a change for you. Griet could serve me. GRIET glances at CATHARINA, who is leaning forward, cheek flushed, eyes burning, ready to explode in fury. VAN RUIJ stuffs another lump of meat in his mouth, enjoying himsel
8) 52) dialog: So, what do you say? Can I have her?
8) 71) dialog: Hey, you. Girl. Griet. Come here! GRIET turns slowly. VAN RUIJVEN comes up to meet her, VER following reluctantly.
8) 72) dialog: Where were you today, Griet? I missed you. VAN RUIJVEN smiles sideways at VERMEER, winks at GRIET.
8) 73) dialog: We both did. I tried to keep him amused but all I got for my pains was my face to the wall. He leans close, confiding.
8) 74) dialog: I hear you've been of great use to your Master, pretty Griet. All that grinding and stirring, eh. VAN RUIJVEN is delighted at the effect of his jibes on GR VERMEER. November 2003 64
8) 75) dialog: Master and Maid - there's a tune we all know. And you can practise it together, now we’ve made our bargain, eh Jan. You won’t forget, will you? VERMEER shakes his head stiffly, like a puppet. EMILIE VA RUIJVEN and a teenage DAUGHTER come up behind them.
8) 76) dialog: Good. You’1ll want to make a start on that before we come again. VAN RUIJVEN tucks his wife’s arm into his. GRIET looks up MASTER. His grey eyes slide past hers and away. He is ang hurries into the house.
9) 12) dialog: Emilie enjoys sitting, God knows why. If only he’d let one do something else. November 2003 70 CATHARINA offers him the sewing on her lap. He pretends a dainty stitches, hands it back laughing.
9) 13) dialog: But you agree, or you'd be up there getting painted all the time. Why not, with such a good- looking wife? CATHARINA falters, upset.
9) 15) dialog: There you are ~ "Life goes on". I mean God knows I admire the paintings, extravagantly - Christ, I pay enough for them - but I am flesh and blood, I must feed my grosser parts. CATHARINA glances at the girls, wondering if she should s them out. They are bent studiously over their frame. GRIE dead still behind the wardrobe door.
9) 16) dialog: Not to deny I may be consoled in a painting for what I cannot have in the flesh. Hunger is the best sauce, eh. GRIET presses her face against the cool, starched linen.
9) 17) dialog: If I had you against my private wall, for instance, painted by your artful husband, I could take pleasure at will in your charms and he none the wiser. CATHARINA laughs as best she can.
9) 19) dialog: You know I’ve a mind to go up and surprise him sometime - in the act.
9) 21) dialog: Oh, not with Emilie. When he’s alone with some young beauty. November 2003 71
9) 22) dialog: You must have noticed how he never bothers with old women. Only young and pretty ones. On their own. He helps himself to another glass of wine. CATHARINA does best to ignore his meaning.
9) 24) dialog: (Smug) Indeed? GRIET listens in terror.
9) 27) dialog: That’s my girl. They giggle and whisper together, both looking over at GR CATHARINA looks up and catches CORNELIA taking another si is shocked, though she tries to laugh it off.
9) 30) dialog: What is she meant to be?
9) 32) dialog: Whatever it is, it becomes you, Griet. November 2603 72 VAN LEEUWENHOEK wants to break the tension that thickens the two of them.
9) 33) dialog: Jan, did I tell you of the meeting tomorrow? Optics and lenses. You should speak on painting.
9) 35) dialog: The camera obscura then. You know more about light than anyone.
9) 38) dialog: It's promising. Do you have the small lens? I want to show it at the meeting.
9) 40) dialog: Rest a minute, why don’t you? Gratefully GRIET moves. VAN LEEUWENHOEK looks at her pain He is startled by what he sees. [We, like GRIET, do not s painting] His eyes flick from her to the painting and bac
9) 41) dialog: What is this? Not his usual manner. Not at all. (A beat) It's for Master Van Ruijven, is that so? Mistress Thins will be pleased. He hesitates, needing to warn her, wanting to be fair.
9) 42) dialog: Hmm. You do see his interest in you is partly because Master Van Ruijven.. How should I put this? November 2003 73 GRIET frowns. He examines the painting again.
9) 43) dialog: He sees things as he wants them to be, perfected by him. Everything serves the painting, everything. He doesn't think of the consequences. You must. He looks at GRIET, his eyes kindly, concerned.
9) 44) dialog: There's no bridge across this water. You understand me, Griet? GRIET dips her head, but the head dress doesn't hide her She looks up again.
9) 46) dialog: (Gently) How much do you know of men?
9) 82) dialog: Got you! GRIET struggles silently, terrified, but VAN RUIJVEN is f stronger.
9) 83) dialog: Hold still. I want to look at you. GRIET writhes to get free, scared and angry. He turns her round to face him, swathed in sheets.
9) 84) dialog: Tell me, girl, how do you get on up there? Has he found his composition? Do you inspire him? Do you move him? Does the Master's brush unlock the secrets of your heart? His tone is leering but his sharp eyes miss nothing. He c Griet's face exactly.
9) 85) dialog: No! Ripe as a plum and still unplucked. VAN RUIJVEN is disconcerted, angry, he did not expect thi
9) 86) dialog: What is he playing at? She looks away, face hidden by her cap. He pulls is back roughly. A grunt of satisfaction as his hand tangles in h hair.
9) 87) dialog: He made a bargain you know, he paints you at my pleasure. He is right up against her again. She pushes him away, he her wrists. GRIET writhes to get free, scared and angry. holds both her wrists with one hand, yanks the chemise of shoulder with the other.
9) 88) dialog: I have waited long enough. What a great fool he is. He paws at her skirts, her legs give way and she starts t He twists one arm behind her back, forcing her up again. November 2003 78 GRIET'S eyes search desperately for something to stop him the shadow of the passage she sees someone watching. CORNELIA. GRIET pleads with her eyes. CORNELIA returns he her face cat-like, impenetrable. She turns away slowly, deliberately, disappears. GRIET wants to cry. VAN RUIJVEN is unbuckling himself, GRIET struggles harder Manages to free one arm, claw at his face. He snarls. The wrestle till he has both arms pinned again.
9) 89) dialog: Don't fight me, girl. Breathing hard he crushes her against the copper, grotesq reflections swim in front of her.
9) 91) dialog: Not a word. You'll lose your place. He‘d never look at you again. He steps out to meet CATHARINA, all smiles.
9) 92) dialog: Ah, my dear. There you are. Your maid kept me with some cock and bull story.
11) 0) text: VAN RUIJVEN sits alone in his cabinet with the painting o GRIET. It gives him no pleasure, after all. He draws a cu over it.