2) 17) dialog: You want to look into it? GRIET jumps back guiltily at the disembodied voice. VERME laughs and swings down from a trapdoor in the attic.
2) 18) dialog: A camera obscura. The strange words mean nothing to GRIET but she is curiou looks into the box, making adjustments. Satisfied, he ste back.
2) 19) dialog: Look into the glass. GRIET moves jerkily forward and looks down at the glass p inside the box. She sees nothing.
2) 20) dialog: Put this on. Over your head. VERMEER takes his heavy cloak and gently drapes it over h enveloping her in darkness. Like a jewel, an image is the the dark, The painting, minute and perfect in glowing col Only the real woman is missing. GRIET steps back in confusion, the robe falling to the fl Her face is flushed, she drops to her knees grabbing at t cloak.
2) 22) dialog: Never mind that. What did you see? Griet Swallows. His questions seems to be asking for more mere facts.
2) 25) dialog: Hmm?
2) 27) dialog: I was amazed when I first saw it. He beckons her forward to look into the box beside him.
2) 28) dialog: Beams of reflected light from the corner pass through this lens and are bent onto the glass plate here. GRIET strains to understand. With both of them leaning ov box the image can be faintly seen, a ghost. GRIET puts he fingers on the glass.
2) 30) dialog: It's an image - a picture made of light. He starts to shut up the camera. GRIET is intrigued.
2) 32) dialog: It helps. She frowns, confused. He is watching her now.
2) 33) dialog: You clean the table, Griet. Why are the things set on it as they are?
2) 35) dialog: More than that... VERMEER moves impatiently, she wishes she knew the answer wants. Suddenly he strides across the room and removes th silver bowl, stands the powder brush on its bristles. GRI startled; it's a kind of sacrilege to disturb the setting November 2003 19
2) 36) dialog: Now, look again. He holds the cloak over them both so that as they bend ov screen their faces are lit by the image on the glass. She intensely conscious of his face next to hers, he is inten what he sees. She makes herself concentrate. The image is there again, this time without the silver bowl at its cen
2) 38) dialog: The line is broken... You can see.
3) 6) dialog: It is the right colour. CATHARINA flashes a look at her husband: Play the game. S motions GRIET to pour more wine.
3) 17) dialog: Griet. The wine. VAN RUIJVEN lets her go.
3) 19) dialog: I have not found a subject. CATHARINA struggles to put on a brave face.
5) 27) dialog: Stay as you were. GRIET stands still, the rag in her hands. That small impa gesture of his hand.
5) 28) dialog: Just now. At the window. Awkwardly GRIET tries to go back to wiping the window. He at the rag.
5) 29) dialog: Drop it. She lets it fall. Dirty water splatters on the clean floo After a moment she pushes the rag under her skirt with on Looks at her left hand again. A sudden laugh of delight f VERMEER.
5) 30) dialog: You can go. November 2003 33
5) 42) dialog: Griet. She spins round. VERMEER has followed her in to the narro space. He puts a hand out, as one might to calm a frighte animal, then lets it fall.
5) 44) dialog: It’s very cold. She waits, tense at the sudden strangeness.
5) 45) dialog: Will you get something for me too? VERMEER hands her a scrap of paper.
5) 46) dialog: Some colours. He knows.
5) 48) dialog: Yes. My wife need not know. The exchange feels conspiratorial, guilty, reinforced by dark and narrow space. He touches the edge of her shawl.
5) 49) dialog: (Vaguely) This is too thin. I have a cloak- November 2003 35
5) 89) dialog: Stay. GRIET waits awkwardly in the middle of the room.
5) 90) dialog: The lead-white needs re-filling from the cupboard. GRIET opens the door revealing jars, pouches and pots of different pigments. She takes one of the larger pots and Measures out white paste into the small dish on the table VERMEER seems to pay no more attention to her. She stands watches, enthralled, as he mixes and thins the paint on t palette, making marks with a sure hand. GRIET stares at the chilly MODEL standing uncomfortably a window, trying to see what he sees. She looks back at the and then, seized by an inspiration, she goes quietly to t cupboard. She looks through the jars until she sees the o wants. VERMEER comes over to the mixing table to re-fill his pal with white. He sees the other colour.
5) 91) dialog: I didn’t ask for blue.
5) 93) dialog: (Cold outrage) Put it away. He turns back to the easel. She is left at the table hold little pot of blue. November 2003 40
5) 107) dialog: Griet. VERMEER is behind her, his dark reflection overwhelming h the jug. He can't apologise, turns instinctively to the p for support.
5) 108) dialog: Were you looking at it? GRIET nods.
5) 109) dialog: Well? GRIET hesitates, then blurts out her confusion.
5) 111) dialog: Like the blue skirt? This is the base colour, it gives the tone, the shadow and light. When it's dry I glaze over with blue, but thinly so the black shows through. VERMEER walks to the window and opens it wide.
5) 112) dialog: Look, Griet. Look at the clouds. She steps to the window, he moves aside but still close e to feel the warmth of his body. She stares intently at th clouds and blue sky.
5) 113) dialog: What colour are they? She frowns, it must be some kind of trick. Wants to speak dare not. That impatient gesture.
5) 116) dialog: Yes. Now you understand. She doesn't, but she doesn’t want to admit it. She steals glance at him, his sombre face aglow.
5) 117) dialog: Forget how the world is meant to be. Only look beneath. In the shadows. Words frustrate him.
5) 118) dialog: (A command) Look, Griet.
5) 124) dialog: Did you get the lapis? GRIET finds a small lump of blackish stone (lapis lazuli)
5) 125) dialog: For the skirt. (An afterthought) You can mix the colours. GRIET is excited, but also fearful.
5) 128) dialog: Make time.
5) 130) dialog: No, no. Upstairs. Come. In a corner of the studio is a wooden ladder leading up. climbs up swiftly, leaving GRIET alone. Hesitating a mome picks up the bowl and dishes and clambers after him.
5) 132) dialog: Cochineal..cinnabar..indigo..burnt umber.. Lapis lazuli. He hangs over them with the helpless love of the obsessiv GRIET watches in fascination. He fishes narrow strips - “buckles” - of lead from a jar brown liguid. They are furred with white powder which he into a dish. November 2003 44
5) 133) dialog: Lead-white. A dark mash of grape skins and pips is spooned into the c bowl.
5) 134) dialog: This will make verdigris. From one of the packages he takes little black sticks.
5) 135) dialog: Bone black. You grind it with the muller, like this. He takes a smooth egg-shape stone from the table, puts a of charred bone into the dip and quickly grinds it to a f powder. Deftly he spoons it into a shell.
5) 136) dialog: Now, you try. He puts another piece of bone in the hollow. GRIET picks muller and tries to do as he did. She finds it awkward, t stone slips in her hand, the bone flakes out of the hollo VERMEER watches her intently.
5) 137) dialog: Twist from the shoulder. He puts his hand over hers. At the shock of his touch she freezes, her breath and his in the silence. His white hand on hers, outlined against black powder. The seconds stretch. She recoils abruptly a muller skids from her grasp across the table.
6) 15) dialog: Why not move Tanneke back? The WOMEN all look at him in astonishment. He is not one domestic detail. He throws the stones again, seeming unconcerned.
6) 16) dialog: Put a mattress in the attic for Griet. Tanneke can sleep soundly and Griet may clean the studio before she comes down in the morning. CATHARINA, GRIET and TANNEKE take in the implications of warily. He smiles wide-eyed, like Cornelia bent on mischi
6) 17) dialog: Well? Catharina plays for time, takes her necklace back from CO to put in her jewel box.
6) 19) dialog: You lock up at night, open it in the morning. He puts the key in her hand, CATHARINA weighs it up. She this key, this control, but.. She glances over at GRIET surreptitiously. GRIET is frozen, waiting for her fate to decided. CATHARINA adds the key to the bunch at her waist. November 2003 47
6) 22) dialog: What is this? You’ve never worn it before.
6) 24) dialog: Hmm. He is looking at her with his painter’s eye, runs a hand her cheek and jaw, watching the shadows.
6) 25) dialog: That's good. May I have it? Tugging at the bow already. His fingers caress her neck. CATHARINA pushes him away cheerfully.
6) 32) dialog: Maria Thins suspects it a distraction.
6) 34) dialog: From finishing. They laugh. GRIET peers down into the STUDIO.
6) 35) text: VERMEER holds one end of the camera obscura, the MAN (VAN LEEUWENHOEK) the other. An extension, obviously home-made been put on one end and they are struggling to fit the wh contraption safely on the table.
6) 39) dialog: The lens is off. GRIET hides.
6) 41) dialog: Can you set it right?
6) 43) dialog: Come down, Griet. (to VAN LEEUWENHOEK ) If you kept your shop in better order you wouldn't have to listen to so much talk
6) 45) dialog: (drily) Hold forth. November 2003 50
6) 49) dialog: You have no aptitude. She can stand in if it's working. Over there, Uncertainly GRIET takes up the pose of the model at the w The two MEN burrow under VERMEER'S cloak to see the image look more than a little absurd, a sort of lumpy pantomime
6) 51) dialog: Stop that, Griet. GRIET tries to look solemn.
6) 52) dialog: (Sharply) Don’t think. You're spoiling the picture. GRIET struggles to obey. VAN LEEUWENHOEK emerges from und cloak, laughing.
6) 54) dialog: No one. A vision I had, They move away, leaving GRIET in the painting corner. November 2003
6) 56) dialog: He chooses a painter who offers wine and company.
6) 58) dialog: He has good taste. VAN LEEUWENHOEK laughs.
6) 60) dialog: It's not that he tells me what to paint and how; I know to sup with the Devil I must take a long spoon. No, it's why he wants them. VAN LEEUWENHOEK lowers his voice.
6) 62) dialog: You know he offered to lend me more money?
6) 64) dialog: It's not the money. He’s greedy. The paintings aren't enough. He would be my Master. November 2003 51 52
6) 69) dialog: I am. I was. She is too annoyed to be able to speak to him, switches b VAN LEEUWENHOEK.
8) 9) dialog: Why did you move the chair? GRIET pauses, not uncertain, but wanting to say rightly w means.
8) 12) dialog: So. I never thought to learn from a maid. They are both very still, their hands next to each other bright pigments. His beautiful long, white fingers, so cl hers they can feel each other’s warmth. Then suddenly a clatter of footsteps and voices below; MA THIN’S voice, a warning tone.
8) 20) dialog: Cornelia!
8) 78) dialog: Griet. He gestures to the painting corner. Two tapestry-covered chairs have been arranged around the harpsichord, a lute on one, a bass viol propped against t wall. VERMEER busies himself at the table. GRIET looks at paintings on the wall, both taken from downstairs. One is a landscape, trees and an open road into the dista The other is of a man and two women. The man is buying th one’s favours from the old, he already has an arm round h [The Procuress, Dirk van Baburen] VERMEER clears his throat and GRIET looks round, full of foreboding, waiting for her instructions. But none come. simply sits and stares at her. And stares. His face wears familiar abstracted expression. Her eyes slowly fill with He is going to paint her. She looks bleakly at the musical instruments lying around
8) 80) dialog: No! I have already begun the group painting. You are not to sit with Master Van Ruijven. That much is agreed. November 2003 65 The tears that threatened before now spill down her cheek
8) 82) dialog: I am to paint you alone.
8) 91) dialog: Tomorrow morning. November 2003 66 She hesitates for a moment, heart racing. She can feel hi on her, the warmth of his body.
8) 93) dialog: Find a way. He moves on into the house.
8) 95) dialog: Look out of the window. Down at the table. Away. He frowns. It isn't working. Surrounding GRIET are all the “props" familiar from the paintings - The silver bowl and jug, the studded box, pow brush, an open book. CATHARINA’S yellow bodice hangs on a GRIET is hedged in by things. VERMEER pulls things away, different table carpet into place, pushes a chair across, frantically building walls between himself and her. GRIET watches.
8) 97) dialog: You want me to paint you with a mop in your hands? He is closing shutters: slam, slam. The studio grows dark darker.
8) 99) dialog: (Gentler) No. I don't know... (A beat) Perhaps the costume. What if... He reaches for the yellow mantle. GRIET plucks up courage
8) 101) dialog: (A beat) No. He looks at her across the table. November 2003 67
8) 102) dialog: I am not to paint you as a maid. Or a lady. What then? GRIET doesn’t answer. VERMEER keeps looking. Suddenly he pulling everything away, chair, table, bowls and boxes, a swept away. Until there is nothing between them, she stan alone, in the last patch of light.
8) 103) dialog: There. I will paint you as I first saw you. Not a maid. You. CLOSE ON: VERMEER‘S broad brush painting the first shadow bottom corner, bone black and burnt umber. Powerful strok obliterating the pale ground.
8) 106) dialog: I‘1l be in the studio till dinner. MARIA THINS watches from the fireplace, puffing silently pipe. CATHARINA sees GRIET in the background of her refle
8) 109) dialog: Look at me. Turn your head, not your shoulders. She adjusts her position, seated, looking over her left shoulder, the light falling on her right cheek. Face encl her cap, her mouth shut. She stares at the floor. November 2003 68
8) 110) dialog: Look at me. Slowly she raises her eyes to meet his but can't hold his The brush still poised.
8) 111) dialog: Look at me. Her eyes waver and meet his again. His brush blanks out t downcast eyes in the painting. He lets out a sigh, almost shudder of pleasure. VERMEER'S face, intent, alight. His whole being involved act of painting: nothing else in the world. The brush on the palette, stroking the canvas. Now that h it, there is nothing tentative about his painting. The shadow of GRIET'S eyebrow, the intersection of curves and down. VERMEER'S eyes drinking in every detail.
9) 0) text: VERMEER is working on the cheek.
9) 1) dialog: The point of your cap. Fold it back. GRIET pushes the long point back onto her shoulder, revea her jaw and cheek. She swallows, feeling exposed. Her lip pressed tight. Her eyes waver and meet his again.
9) 2) dialog: I never sat so close before.
9) 4) dialog: It doesn't matter. GRIET strains to hold her twisted pose. VERMEER is starin her again.
9) 5) dialog: Take off your cap. GRIET reaches up then stops, her hand protective on the w linen.
9) 7) dialog: Cannot? GRIET drops her head. In the painting behind her: The young woman, bare-headed, back in surrender, while the client and Madam, heads cove press forward on her.
9) 9) dialog: I need to see your face, the cap covers too much. There’s some cloth in the storeroom. GRIET goes into the little storeroom. There is no catch o door, no need for one.
9) 31) dialog: It is Griet’s invention. Ask her. VAN LEEUWENHOEK is struck by the casual intimacy of this. is trembling with the strain of holding her twisted pose. VERMEER scowls at the painting.
9) 34) dialog: I have nothing to say.
9) 36) dialog: I know? Every painting I start again at the beginning, I’ll never know. VERMEER stabs a brush angrily towards a canvas propped on table - the Concert painting.
9) 37) dialog: There’s what happens when one pays heed to theory. A one-point perspective of nothing. A myriad of chalk lines going this way and that. Small bl colour dotted disjointedly over the canvas.
9) 39) dialog: I'll fetch it. VERMEER goes out. VAN LEEUWENHOEK turns back to GRIET.
9) 49) dialog: Open your mouth.
9) 51) dialog: Open your mouth. GRIET is horrified. But what can she do? She licks her li opens them.
9) 52) dialog: Lick your lips. Again.
9) 56) dialog: Wear these. He holds out her big pearl earrings, glossy white drops n in his hand. CATHARINA smiles, delighted by this attentio
9) 57) dialog: I must be there. The City Fathers have asked... There might be a commission.. (Seeing the earrings) Ah.. good. Look, Griet. CATHARINA swings round.
9) 58) dialog: That point of light in the shadow of the neck, leading the eye.
9) 62) dialog: It is needed.
9) 65) dialog: The composition - it’s not balanced.
9) 67) dialog: You want me to imagine how the earring would look? She wont give in.
9) 69) dialog: This has to be, Griet. See for yourself. He insists that she look as he uncovers her painting. GRI covers her mouth in horror. WE SEE only her reaction.
10) 20) dialog: There‘s no point. CATHARINA flares up again.
10) 25) dialog: It's a commission. Gone in a few days. You need never see. CATHARINA is laughing and crying. Sinks onto the chair in middle of the room.
10) 33) dialog: Catharina! Enough. CATHARINA blinks, turns round slowly to him. A wide, dang smile.
10) 35) dialog: You'll make yourself ill. VERMEER moves towards her slowly, cautiously. She stares with shining eyes, then quick as a snake, grabs a palette from the work table.
10) 37) dialog: Very well. Never taking his eyes from her he lifts down the Concert painting and puts the other on the easel. Tenderly lifts cover. Everyone cranes to look. GRIET, behind the easel, only their reactions. VERMEER looks oddly peaceful, a work achieved. MARIA THIN glances at GRIET, her lips a thin, bitter line, her eyes silence. CATHARINA’S face sags, mouth agape.
10) 40) dialog: Because you don’t understand.