3) 1) text: up and down, running along a dark road in the dead of nig passing vacant lots with debris amid trees and faded buildings. He is CASSIUS CLAY. He runs in construction boots. His eyes stare from under the hood. He passes the husk of an abandoned car, a pastel storefront. We're in Overtown, Miami's inner-city black neighborhood.
6) 3) text: Cassius runs toward us. Off to the side in the black- mirrored water of Biscayne Bay, leaden clouds in a black And now Sam Cooke SINGS "...because you make me wanna mooove...!" and breaks into the first verse of "Feel It." But we see Cassius' eyes are FOCUSED, CONCENTRATED, ELSEWHERE. To where is this man running? Why is his expression so distant? A WHITE LIGHT suddenly hits him fr behind. He looks over at...
6) 8) text: that's slowed, clocking the suspicious, running black man The driver starts to pull over, to hassle Cassius. Then, the cop riding shotgun gets a radio call. He taps the driver's shoulder. They take off, the driver laughing. Cassius looks after the white cops. He is neither relieve nor angry. He's dismissive. And, instead, he sees something else...
7) 1) text: and six other patrician, white business-people of Louisvi in their green baize and wood-paneled Luxo boardroom. The speak soundlessly and patronizingly to Cassius Clay, Sr., seated at the foot of the table. It relates to the stack contracts in front of him. He is in a suit and tie, his hair and moustache are dapper. His tie's a little loud. H has his hands folded deferentially in front of him.
7) 5) dialog: Uh, yes, I do.
7) 9) text: and BEYOND HIM, seated against the wall, is Cassius, Jr. sport jacket and tie. Right now he looks to his left and the right, and only then do we notice the entire wall he' against is covered with pictures of thoroughbreds and stu this Louisville Sponsoring Group owns as well. He is one among their sporting possessions. He doesn't like it. He looks at the back of his father listening.
7) 13) dialog: Yeah.   I follow you.
7) 19) dialog: No, thank you.
9) 1) text: Cassius' fists fly in a reeling motion, hitting the speed bag. But it's his eyes that arrest us...focused, concentr
10) 1) text: in a linear left jab. These punches are watched by Cassiu eyes in the Fifth Street Gym...studiously studying Liston feet...straight-line movement...the jab, linear and strai at us. But it SLAMS into the Boxer, not Cassius. Down he goes. He's out. The referee pulls out his mouthpiece. It's a bloody mess. Teeth have been knocked out with it, devastating is Sonny Liston... A distant crowd ROARS.
11) 4) text: To Cassius, boxing is dangerous athletics, but Liston's malevolence is straight from the street.
13) 1) text: working. He's painting a mural. It's the face of WHITE JESUS with blue eyes and blonde hair. CASSIUS, SR.'S EYES painting... EYES OF 12-YEAR-OLD CASSIUS, JR. watching whi Jesus go up on the Negro Baptist Church in Louisville bec
15) 6) text: Published nationwide, it shows his gouged-out eye, the barbed wire noose around his neck, the mutilation to his face because at 14 years old he winked at a white girl in Alabama. CASSIUS, JR.
15) 7) text: is frozen by the image. It will haunt him for most of his life. The man holding the paper sees the boy's fear and pushes the paper out at him as a rough joke. Cassius reac Then, the man rises and offers his seat to Odessa. Then someone shouts...
16) 4) text: And Cassius -- elsewhere -- SLAMS the speed bag with a ri hook, and the bag becomes...
17) 7) text: And Cassius is there in a black shirt, standing in the ba Malcolm X sees him, nods...the casualness attests their familiarity is close and extensive...
18) 1) text: Whopwhopwhopwhopwhop...as first rays of golden light illuminate the jump rope spinning effortlessly over his h in a blur. Dust dances in light through the two dirty windows with boxing gloves and "Fifth Street Gym" painted them. It's that time of day Jack Johnson called the "fighter's hour," "...between the night and the light..." ...whopwhopwhopwhopwhop... And Angelo Dundee puts on a po of coffee. He washes his hands in a dirty sink, thoroughl drying them. Alert and clean, he's old school. He goes back to the edge of the ring, reading his newspaper. Now, crossing past the white windows is DREW "BUNDINI" BROWN. takes an orange out of his pocket, sitting on a bench, silently peels it... As Cassius "walks" the rope, jumping up and back.
18) 3) text: Cassius drops the rope where he stands, and walks off as Cooke...
22) 1) text: alive, sparring. But Cassius never throws a punch... He jerks back, sliding away, an inch away from being hit. He circles in a movement that seems off-balance and then becomes fluid and changes rate, faking out where you thin he'll be. His sparring partner throws a jab that misses a
22) 4) text: follows with a hook. Cassius slips it by an inch. Enterin the gym, now, is gregarious DR. FERDIE PACHECO with a you afro'd HOWARD BINGHAM, who starts photographing while LUI SARRIA looks at us. None of the gathered crowd, the greatest "corner" in boxing, breaks his concentration. He in his zone. We're in the ring. Cassius, trance-like, hands down, circles and slips in no predictable way as...
25) 1) text: in a terry-cloth robe, walks faster and faster as Dundee Bundini, Bingham and his cameras, Pacheco and RUDY race t keep up. And as Cassius slams through a door into a large room...
26) 4) dialog: (shout) Float like a butterfly! Sting like a bee! Rumble, young man, rumble. Aaaaaaargh!
26) 6) dialog: Sonny Liston: you ain't no champ! You a chump! (beat) You want to lose your money, bet on Sonny. He know I'm great. He will go in eight!
26) 9) dialog: What you lookin' at, you ugly bear?!
26) 14) dialog: C'mon, bum. I whup you right here!
26) 15) text: Cassius pushes past people and leaps at Sonny! He wants t rumble right now. Bundini, Rudy, Dundee, Liston's handler struggle to keep them apart, wrestle Cassius onto the sca
26) 19) dialog: (changes down) You sure you got that right...?
26) 20) text: The man nods. Cassius gets off, is pulled aside. And Liston gets on: unremitting stare of death at Cassius...
26) 25) text: And Cassius goes off again...
26) 27) dialog: Pounds of ugly! He so ugly, sweat run backwards off his forehead to get away from his face! C'mon, bear! I turn you into a rug!! Rumble right now, man!
26) 33) dialog: You whup me, I'll crawl out of the ring on my knees and catch the next jet plane out of the country.
26) 40) dialog: (to Jimmy Cannon) ...you be the first eatin' his words!
26) 41) text: A Doctor claps a cuff around Cassius' arm, taking blood pressure.
26) 47) dialog: I'm scared of no man. I give Sonny Liston talking lessons, boxing lessons and falling down lessons.
26) 51) dialog: "Black Muslim"'s a press word...
26) 65) dialog: Howard Cosell, you are an instigator! (Cosell smiles) How you get that way? When I'm done with Liston, I'm comin' for you!
27) 2) text: Cassius' mind is elsewhere. His eyes float to the corner the doorway before we see Pacheco, even though from the outside, has started to enter...
28) 1) text: Nothing. Cassius is asleep in a lounge chair...incongruou a TV is run from the house by an extension cord. Cassius wakes. His eyes say, "Who are you?"
28) 4) text: Drew "Bundini" Brown, early forties, holds a hat in his h his eyes always seem to be glistening, ready to rage, lau or cry, tentatively approaches. Cassius' flat eyes return to the television.
28) 10) dialog: Who Shorty?
28) 13) text: Cassius should kick him out, but Bundini's got his foot i the door of Cassius' attention.
28) 16) text: Cassius, stretched out, mumbles without looking at him...
28) 18) dialog: ...I study every fight. 'Til I got a plan. Wear him down two through four. Drop him in the fifth round. So the p'diction ain't a p'diction. It's a plan. And 'cause of all the poppin' off I do, I know I gotta win! That's the truth. And why I'm tellin' you?
28) 24) dialog: (thinks, then) Yeah...
28) 27) text: Cassius has drifted off, back to watching TV.    What he as his eyes close is:
29) 4) text: The weigh-in episode was an act. We take a different measure of this man. Pacheco sits next to Cassius and eat some of his potato chips.
30) 2) text: being wrapped. Cassius' shirt is off, sitting on a bench the dressing room...the ritualistic tradition, having his hands taped. Dundee expertly does it. In the background, Bundini, Pacheco, Bingham, Rudy and Two Men in dark suits someone from Liston's camp, and a State Boxing Inspector watch. Then, the door opens for Malcolm X, in a dark suit thin tie. Cassius lights up. Dundee is done. The Boxing Inspector signs the tape. Then, Dundee puts on gloves and laces them while...
30) 4) dialog: When you get back?
30) 12) dialog: You could have stayed. Nobody gotta hide when they with me.
30) 17) text: Dundee turns away to tear two strips of tape while Cassiu and Malcolm face into a corner. Sarria throws a towel ove Cassius' shoulders. Arms bent, head down, a true believer he silently stands in prayer, bowing to the east with Malcolm. During this, Dundee starts collecting his cut ge on table.
30) 20) text: And as he goes, leaving us, not Cassius, incomplete, Cass returns to Dundee, who ties gloves and puts tape over the knot. The Inspector signs that, too.
31) 1) text: A door slams open. Cassius comes along the hallway, his entourage surrounding him. Three large middle-aged white officials accompany him, too. His face is set in stone. White towels are draped over his head onto his shoulders. Bundini chirps in his ear. Dundee, like a plumber, carryi the tools of his trade...a bucket, his swabs and Vaseline And they seem distant to Cassius. They reach the end of t corridor, and against the wall stand three or four older cigar guys. A curtain...the sounds from the arena drift into the hallway. Cassius is on his toes now, dancing, dancing. And as if being drawn by a force we can't see, h just goes...his entourage, as if holding on, carried alon by him...
32) 4) text: violence. But past the faces and the press, what's arrest Cassius' attention and makes him oblivious in his solitud to all else is the bright 20-by-20-foot place he wants to most in all the world: the ring.
33) 1) text: is struck by the brilliance. Illuminated, ready to go... dancing...warming up. Counter to an expectation of anxiet Cassius can't wait to get this on. Other sounds happen...irrelevant to him...and now the distant sound of Liston coming into the ring...his bulked-up presence, the roar he inspires, somewhere over there. And all of a sudd Cassius turns to face the angry man who wishes him death. Cassius rocks left and right, like a tough kid on a corne ready to rumble. The hysteria act is gone; so is the boasting. Instead, there is only Cassius' stare. The effect is enigmatic: what is going on here? A Referee, like a distant bird, says something we don't hear...
34) 4) text: right away throws a left that misses and attacks Cassius, throwing seven more that Cassius with extreme, awkward caution evades.
34) 5) text: He is fearful of the monster whose punches he has yet to feel. Nevertheless, he does his job: measure Liston's range and speed. Then, a body shot catches him above the heart. Cassius feels the real power of Liston. It could stop your heart's beating. He survives. Then...
34) 7) dialog: 
34) 8) text: throws his long left jab. It keeps Liston at a set distan He has Liston's range, now, and he dances away from Listo charges. Then, halfway through the round, Cassius' eyes have hunted out an opportunity, and he throws his first combination with a few hard shots that, to Liston's surpr rock Liston's head back. And, then, Cassius easily evades
34) 15) dialog: 
34) 16) text: keeps tagging Liston with his long left. And, now, infuriates Liston even more by merely walking away from Liston's big misses, provoking even wilder and more inaccurate Liston assaults. (We're aware that any Liston shot could knock out Cassius if it connected.) Then Cassi soaks up a couple of body shots, most flicks his jab, sli dances, clinches, circles away...UNTIL...
34) 19) text: Cassius launches a second combination, slams a couple of lefts Liston's way that rock his head back two times. Liston's so furious, he flips, charging Cassius, who hits and ducks at the same time. The BELL RINGS THREE TIMES before they stop.
34) 22) text: breathes hard.    Dundee works.   Cassius says something can't hear.
34) 24) dialog: He was supposed to kill me.   Well, I'm still alive.
34) 31) text: Coverage segues to Liston, who throws and misses a few le Cassius tags him with a few rights.
35) 3) text: comes in like a freight train. Cassius merely leans away avoid Liston, circles and now snaps off a flurry and OPEN CUT UNDER SONNY'S LEFT EYE. Then, he splits out of there.
35) 6) text: And Cassius, seizing opportunity, hits Liston with more combinations. If Cassius won Round One, probably but not certainly won Round Two, he now demonstrates he OWNS Roun Three. It's a symphony of classical Cassius Clay footwork flicked jabs that confuse, and, then, hard-hitting combinations that rock the presumably immovable Liston. N one told Sonny that Cassius could hit. And, at 210 pounds he hits HARD. Liston, angered, panicked, knows he's losin and goes after Cassius and misses wildly as the BELL ends Round Three...
36) 7) dialog: (to Dundee) He's nothin' to me...
36) 8) text: The genius of Cassius...
36) 10) dialog: And he knows it...
38) 1) text: The BELL RINGS. Clay peppers Liston with jabs.    Liston pokes his left at Cassius, trying to reach him.   They fe
38) 4) text: circle. Liston gets his left into Cassius' face.    It's a poke than a shot.
38) 10) text: dominating. They clinch. They break. This time Cassius violently blinks his eyes! Something's wrong!
38) 12) dialog: ...my eyes!
39) 3) dialog: (shouting) My eyes! I can't see...somethin' in my eyes!
39) 4) text: Dundee feverishly washes water to get the irritant out of Cassius' eyes.
40) 1) text: A buzzer sounds, warning the bell's coming for Round Five Now Cassius stands, saying...
40) 3) dialog: (his gloves) Cut 'em off! Cut 'em!   I'm blind.
40) 7) text: He literally pushes Cassius into the ring.
41) 1) text: rushes Clay. He knows this is his chance. Cassius tries t tie Liston up by holding onto the back of his neck, but
41) 5) text: Liston is desperate to end it while Cassius is in trouble Haymaker after haymaker; some connect, others are blocked but knock Clay sideways. Clay, still blind, keeps backing and dancing.
43) 1) text: can't wait to get out. He shuffles. He circles. He fires combinations. In the early rounds, provoked by Cassius, Liston's anger caused him to abandon his fight plan. Now, having been proven futile, Liston's confidence is gone. He's left with nothing. Psychologically and athletically, Liston is defeated. The BELL. Liston's eyes contemplate the inevitable: face nine more rounds of this.
44) 4) text: Then Cassius, knowing before anybody else, suddenly rises if on wings. Both arms are in the air...followed by a roa from the crowd...
44) 12) text: Cassius jumps onto the ropes in the corner, rails the cro
44) 14) dialog: I upset the world! I am the greatest! I am the greatest!
44) 17) dialog: (to press) Eat your words! Eat your words!
44) 22) dialog: I told you. Didn't I tell you?
44) 23) text: Bundini gives him a comb.   Cassius combing his hair.
44) 28) dialog: I had him in the first round. 'Cause I'm the greatest! (and seeing at ringside, calling him up) Sam... Hey, Sam! Let him up.
44) 31) dialog: I am the greatest! And he the greatest rock 'n' roll singer. Sam Cooke! I want everybody to bear witness. (they embrace) I shook up the world! Don't have a mark on me! I was burning. I was blind. I'm the prettiest thing that ever lived. I shook up the world! I shook up the world!
44) 34) text: As Sam Cooke embraces Cassius...
45) 1) text: A small older man with fine features, ELIJAH MUHAMMAD, TH MESSENGER, sits on plastic-covered furniture in his expensive living room. With him is an expressionless man who, literally, never smiles, in a tailored dark suit. He JOSEPH 13X. As Elijah Muhammad, the head of the Nation of Islam, contemplates Cassius' victory -- like everyone els in America, he's surprised.
46) 1) text: GORDON DAVIDSON is from the Louisville Sponsoring Group, standing in the chaos with another partner and Odessa and Cassius, Sr....
49) 2) text: and others of the Louisville Sponsoring Group in a crowd predominantly white people, drinking free drinks at the hastily arranged victory party, wait. Sportswriters...Jim Cannon, Red Smith. Cassius, Sr. is there. They all wait. No sign of Cassius. "Where's your boy?" A young New York Times sportswriter, ROBERT LIPSYTE, is there as well. He looks like he doesn't belong...his clothes are only perfunctorily conventional, and he's a generation younger
50) 1) text: enters and closes the door and greets Malcolm X, in a whi shirt, no tie, and Cassius, eating ice cream in a pool of light from the TV. Malcolm's wife, Betty Shabazz, comes o of the kitchenette. A little girl runs from the bathroom back to Cassius. The girl plops into his lap with much familiarity, so we understand Cassius is family and has b for a while. He's not at the Fontainebleau or the Roney Plaza. It says Cassius' sense of himself is more about what's next than what he did tonight.
50) 6) text: Cassius feeds the girl some ice cream.
50) 8) dialog: The Mummy! "I can't get away from the mummy!" Yeah, but that mummy too slow to catch anybody.
50) 12) dialog: No, he don't! (to kid) Now, don't believe that stuff on television...
50) 13) text: Laughter from the outside. Cassius looks. He's not drawn to all the partying. Malcolm takes a picture with his Contax. Through the door enters Jim Brown. Jim embraces Malcolm and Betty, Sam Cooke, and congratulates the new champ and helps himself to food.
51) 1) text: The room's near dark. Soft sounds from outside. A laugh. A snatch of music. Malcolm's children are asleep on a cot And we see Cassius has fallen asleep on the sofa. A bedsheet is over him. Malcolm and Betty, sitting at the table in the kitchenette, quietly talking...an intimate laugh...partners. And as Cassius, the new heavyweight champion of the world, spends the first night of his reig asleep at "home" with this family...
52) 2) text: Suddenly we're in Harlem. The streets are jammed. Making them crazy, causing a riot, coming down the sidewalk, looking like a rock-and-roll star in a black leather jack is CASSIUS CLAY and in an overcoat and hat, MALCOLM X. Th OWN this day on 125th Street.
53) 1) text: engulf them. People are their army. The sea of people press close to their heroes...reaching out to touch the champ, share a joke, laugh. A girl runs up to hug Cassius and runs off. We catch a glimpse on the periphery of Jose 13X. Seven or eight reporters, black and white, and still photographers and Bingham, half with Cassius, half photographer in privileged position.
53) 5) dialog: (tentative) Yeah. I going to be a people's champ... (beat) But not like Joe Louis, exactly...
53) 8) text: And Cassius drops it on them...
53) 9) dialog: And I'm not Clay. Clay's the name of the people who owned by ancestors. I don't want to be called after that slave name no more. So I'm "X." Cassius X. And I'm a member of the Nation of Islam. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad is my spiritual guide. Malcolm X is my mentor.
53) 16) dialog: (droll) "Card-carrying"...? Don't need no "card." You got a Christian card? 750 million people believe in Islam. I'm one of them.
53) 23) dialog: I'm going to be a people's champion. But I don't have to be the way you want me to be. I'm gonna be what I want. And I'm free to think any way I want...
53) 24) text: And, as he goes on, the crowd knows neither Cassius nor Malcolm will ever turn their backs on them.
55) 5) dialog: (mumbles, half-asleep) ...watchin' a show on termites...they knockin' down this house, here.
55) 12) dialog: Six million in your house and you don't know it. Where?
55) 16) dialog: Africa? No. Only Rome.      Yeah, man, let's go!
55) 20) dialog: When we leaving?
55) 25) dialog: (sees) What is it?
55) 29) dialog: (after a beat) Tore out a picture of Emmett Till when I was little. Couldn't take my eyes to it...couldn't look at it. Barb-wire around his neck to a 75- pound cotton-gin fan. Took out his eye. The cruelty to it...I couldn't look at it...couldn't throw it away.
55) 35) dialog: I thought, "What I do wrong to be so low that people could do that to people like me?" It made me feel ashamed. And that makes no sense. But that's what it was.
55) 38) text: Cassius is quiet.
55) 42) dialog: You can fix that...
55) 47) text: That statement surprises Cassius, but he says nothing. Malcolm X stands by the window and watches the day begin Harlem.
56) 1) text: approaches Cassius in a suit and tie and beckons him into living room in which sits Elijah Muhammad on a plastic- covered white sofa. Cassius is at his most deferential, awed at being in this man's presence. Elijah's power is t inverse of his size. He's short and delicate-featured. He motions for Cassius to sit beside him. Joseph 13X sits across the room with two men.
56) 5) dialog: (a beat, sounding it) Muhammad Ali. (humble) "Worthy of praise..." Thank you!
56) 10) dialog: Yes, sir.
56) 15) text: Extremely emotional about Malcolm, tears come to Elijah Muhammad's eyes. Joseph 13X observes in the background. Cassius is taken by surprise at "The Messenger"'s display
56) 22) dialog: (not a thought) This is a great honor, Messenger...
57) 3) dialog: Why you want to change?
57) 7) text: CASSIUS CLAY, SR., a sport, a flamboyant man, is impatien Inside, Odessa Clay and brother, Rudy, are talking.
57) 9) dialog: What's wrong with the lawyers and managers you got?
57) 15) dialog: Yeah, yeah...
57) 18) dialog: You got...I got you the best white men I could find. Right here in L'ville...
57) 22) dialog: (angrily) They saved you from the gangsters, from the jackals and the hyenas of boxing. Never cheated you. Protected you with a trust fund...
57) 26) dialog: And now I got to go tell them, "Piss off. Cassius don't want you around no more."
57) 33) dialog: You what?
57) 39) dialog: (stunned) What? What's wrong with...our name, my name...? We're...we made you. We...
57) 43) dialog: No bow-tie-wearin', Arab-talkin' nigger gonna change that...
57) 47) dialog: You don't know who you are...
57) 51) dialog: Paintin' blue-eyed, blonde-haired Jesuses and signs on cars is what put steak and vegetables in you, clothes on you...
57) 55) dialog: (cold) Go ahead!
57) 58) dialog: Go ahead.
57) 59) text: Cassius, Sr. walks off...his back arched too straight, trying to hold his pride together.
76) 1) text: enters, looking for Sonji. Bundini and Cassius Clay, Sr. were laughing about something else. They got quiet. Bundini has a large water glass in his hand; Sr., a highb glass.
76) 35) dialog: (drunk) Tell it like it is, sugar! They took my boy's name...and what they give him back? Bad style.
88) 8) text: Cassius, Sr. bursts in.   Bundini has Ali's championship over his shoulder.
88) 12) dialog: I gotta talk to you.
88) 17) dialog: He ain't your brother! Your brother taking your wife back to Chicago. She's crying like a widow.
88) 21) dialog: You might as well be. You don't remember your name or who you are.
88) 24) text: Cassius, Sr. leaves the room.
132) 5) dialog: I don't drink no more. (squints at him) You wanna fight?
138) 1) text: and Belinda, with new twin babies; Maryum; Dundee; Pachec Cassius, Sr.; Sarria; and Ali's entourage. They're all around long tables, eating dinner. A large sign over the kitchen counter with "Lana Shabazz' Ten Commandments"...l