45) 1) text: A small older man with fine features, ELIJAH MUHAMMAD, TH MESSENGER, sits on plastic-covered furniture in his expensive living room. With him is an expressionless man who, literally, never smiles, in a tailored dark suit. He JOSEPH 13X. As Elijah Muhammad, the head of the Nation of Islam, contemplates Cassius' victory -- like everyone els in America, he's surprised.
56) 1) text: approaches Cassius in a suit and tie and beckons him into living room in which sits Elijah Muhammad on a plastic- covered white sofa. Cassius is at his most deferential, awed at being in this man's presence. Elijah's power is t inverse of his size. He's short and delicate-featured. He motions for Cassius to sit beside him. Joseph 13X sits across the room with two men.
56) 3) dialog: Only after long service and high merit in the spiritual and physical rebirth of Afro-American people...is one granted an original name. But you are special. A world champion. So there is a gift I wish to give you. From this day forward you will be known as Muhammad Ali...which means "one worthy of praise," and Ali means "most high."
56) 6) text: And he's genuinely moved. As Elijah Muhammad puts his sma hands in Muhammad Ali's hands...giving him his blessings.
56) 8) dialog: (cautioning) Be very careful what you say...your words reflect on the nation of Islam, now.
56) 12) dialog: (after a beat) Up until now, I have entrusted your spiritual development to Brother Malcolm. (beat) I do not feel this is a wise course anymore.
56) 15) text: Extremely emotional about Malcolm, tears come to Elijah Muhammad's eyes. Joseph 13X observes in the background. Cassius is taken by surprise at "The Messenger"'s display
56) 17) dialog: Malcolm has gone off into the secular world and does not measure his words. I have decided to give you, as your guide, my very own son, Herbert Muhammad.
56) 20) dialog: Herbert will supervise all of your spiritual and material needs.
107) 2) dialog: (finishes)
122) 1) text: Elijah Muhammad reacts to the interview on television. There's a formality to Elijah Muhammad, even at his kitch table.
122) 10) dialog: Get me my son, Herbert, on the telephone!
125) 1) text: Elijah Muhammad is at the lectern ringed by Fruit of Isla Guards. HERBERT is behind him.
125) 3) dialog: Mr. Muhammad Ali desires to do that which the Holy Qur'an teaches him against. I am, therefore, suspending Mr. Ali from the practice of Islam. He may no longer appear in temple, pray or teach, or have any conversation with any Muslim whatsoever. Furthermore...he may no longer use the name of Muhammad Ali. Henceforward, he will revert to his old slave name, Cassius Clay.