17) 3) dialog: ...and those of you who think you came here to hear us tell you, like these Negro leaders do, that times will get better and we shall overcome someday, I tell you: you came to the wrong place.
17) 4) text: MALCOLM X is at the podium.   Ceiling fans.   We could be Tripoli.
17) 6) dialog: 'Cause your times will never get better until yo make them better. And any of you who think you came here to hear us tell you to turn the other cheek to the brutality of the white man and the established system of injustice in this country, to beg for your place at their lunch counter, I say again! You came to the wrong place.
17) 7) text: And Cassius is there in a black shirt, standing in the ba Malcolm X sees him, nods...the casualness attests their familiarity is close and extensive...
17) 9) dialog: (beat) 'Cause we don't teach you to turn the other cheek. We don't teach you to turn the other cheek in the South. We don't teach you to turn the other cheek in the North. The Honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches you, instead, to obey the law. To carry yourselves in a respectable way. And a proud Afro-American way. But at the same time...we teach you...that anyone who puts his hand on you? Do your BEST...to see he doesn't PUT HIS HAND on any...body...else...AGAIN.
30) 2) text: being wrapped. Cassius' shirt is off, sitting on a bench the dressing room...the ritualistic tradition, having his hands taped. Dundee expertly does it. In the background, Bundini, Pacheco, Bingham, Rudy and Two Men in dark suits someone from Liston's camp, and a State Boxing Inspector watch. Then, the door opens for Malcolm X, in a dark suit thin tie. Cassius lights up. Dundee is done. The Boxing Inspector signs the tape. Then, Dundee puts on gloves and laces them while...
30) 6) dialog: Just now.    I'm front row, seat 7.
30) 14) dialog: Nothing wrong with being cool, my brother. You been working toward this moment for four years.
30) 19) dialog: It's a crusade in modern times. And television is beaming if off Telstar to the whole world. So Allah has brought this about for a reason... (time to leave) Salaam alaikum, my brother...
50) 1) text: enters and closes the door and greets Malcolm X, in a whi shirt, no tie, and Cassius, eating ice cream in a pool of light from the TV. Malcolm's wife, Betty Shabazz, comes o of the kitchenette. A little girl runs from the bathroom back to Cassius. The girl plops into his lap with much familiarity, so we understand Cassius is family and has b for a while. He's not at the Fontainebleau or the Roney Plaza. It says Cassius' sense of himself is more about what's next than what he did tonight.
50) 5) dialog: Man, look at that guy run!
52) 2) text: Suddenly we're in Harlem. The streets are jammed. Making them crazy, causing a riot, coming down the sidewalk, looking like a rock-and-roll star in a black leather jack is CASSIUS CLAY and in an overcoat and hat, MALCOLM X. Th OWN this day on 125th Street.
53) 21) dialog: This is the champ's time. And I'm here as a friend to celebrate his victory. So I got nothing you want...
55) 3) dialog: I was leaving, saw the light on...how come you're up?
55) 10) dialog: I been invited to speak at Ibadan University in Nigeria. C'mon with me?
55) 14) dialog: Africa.   You been there?
55) 18) dialog: Nkrumah stayed with me when he was a student in New York, so we'll stop in Ghana...
55) 22) dialog: Next Thursday.
55) 27) dialog: You ever been so angry...have you ever been so angry that you'd explode?
55) 31) dialog: What else?
55) 37) dialog: ...when I heard about the four girls bombed in the 16th Street Church in Birmingham? (beat) The prohibitions of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad prevented me from speaking my voice in action. Because Birmingham was part of the civil rights movement, begging for a place at the white man's table... But dead children...are dead children. So the anger I felt, I had to contain. I locked that down! So tight my muscles seized. I lost control over the right side of my body. Leg didn't work...right arm didn't work. "I'm having a stroke," I thought. I had to hold it in 'cause I wanted, all I wanted was to BREAK SOMETHING! Break a part...any part of this system. Because you are so provoked as a human being. In your spirit. In your heart... At the death of children. But I COULD DO...nothing.
55) 40) dialog: (putting his glasses back on) Everyone knows... Now I'm advocating more direct political action involvement with the international struggle... So Elijah Muhammad has suspended me as a Minister in the Nation of Islam for 90 days.
55) 44) dialog: I don't know. I will try when we get back. Until then I will live each day as if I am already dead.
55) 47) text: That statement surprises Cassius, but he says nothing. Malcolm X stands by the window and watches the day begin Harlem.
58) 8) dialog: What is it, Joseph?
58) 21) dialog: (after a beat, disconsolate) Cassius won't be coming to Africa...not with me.
61) 3) dialog: How about Gamilah or Khalilah?
62) 8) text: As the CIA monitors Malcolm X...
64) 3) dialog: (shouts) Brother Muhammad...
64) 4) text: Taking off his shades, we realize it's Malcolm X. He wear a goatee, now. Ali turns, sees him. Total surprise.
64) 11) dialog: And I heard you were coming.
64) 20) dialog: When...uh, Liberia.   When you fighting Liston?
64) 23) dialog: This is Maya Angelou and Ambassador Huang Ha. Amando Gonzalez is from Cuba. Taher Kaid is the Ambassador from Algeria.
64) 28) dialog: Algeria. See Ben Bella... (beat) Go to Mecca, Medina. I just came back. Made my seven circuits around the Kaaba, prayed at sunrise... There were two million people...pilgrims from all over. Dressed all the same, high and low, the same. Blonde-haired, blue-eyed Muslims. Arabs. (off Ali's look of surprise) Blacks. Yeah. All of them, Muslims praying together.
65) 1) text: who was surveilling Malcolm X in Cairo is here, too. Righ now he picks up the phone. REVEAL at the window an Africa Man and another American with binoculars.
65) 7) dialog: It's Marlin. You'll never guess who Malcolm ran into...
70) 2) dialog: Drank from the well of Zem-Zem... And you should visit Cairo. I have friends there in...
70) 12) dialog: What?
70) 17) dialog: Brother Muhammad...
70) 20) dialog: Brother Muhammad...!
74) 2) text: ON B&amp;W TV:   MALCOLM X + MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR.
81) 3) dialog: As-Salaam Alaikum...
81) 10) dialog: Hold it, hold it, brothers! (pleading) Let's be cool.
84) 11) text: "Daddio's Jazz Patio" is interrupted. Malcolm X has been killed. Ali pulls over...not really parking. The world stops. The South Side of Chicago goes still...people numb...a young Man sitting down on the curb, crying. An elegy...Sam Cooke's "A Change is Gonna Come..." plays. "I was born by a river in a little tent..." And as Ali sits his car...he sees the face of Malcolm...the glasses...
113) 4) text: And the coverage cuts to George Foreman with a small American flag in his hand. Then, it flashes back to Ali i the ring with Sonny Liston at his feet. And Ali coming ou of the Illinois Boxing Commission, angry. Dead Black Panthers, Fred Hampton and Matt Clark murdered by police Chicago. And Malcolm X and Ali together. The meaning of i is clear: MUHAMMAD ALI IS THE WARRIOR SAINT IN THE REVOLT OF THE BLACK ATHLETE IN AMERICA. On Ali watching, as a phone rings...