25) 1) text: in a terry-cloth robe, walks faster and faster as Dundee Bundini, Bingham and his cameras, Pacheco and RUDY race t keep up. And as Cassius slams through a door into a large room...
26) 15) text: Cassius pushes past people and leaps at Sonny! He wants t rumble right now. Bundini, Rudy, Dundee, Liston's handler struggle to keep them apart, wrestle Cassius onto the sca
30) 2) text: being wrapped. Cassius' shirt is off, sitting on a bench the dressing room...the ritualistic tradition, having his hands taped. Dundee expertly does it. In the background, Bundini, Pacheco, Bingham, Rudy and Two Men in dark suits someone from Liston's camp, and a State Boxing Inspector watch. Then, the door opens for Malcolm X, in a dark suit thin tie. Cassius lights up. Dundee is done. The Boxing Inspector signs the tape. Then, Dundee puts on gloves and laces them while...
30) 8) dialog: I'm gonna find Mom and Dad.
57) 7) text: CASSIUS CLAY, SR., a sport, a flamboyant man, is impatien Inside, Odessa Clay and brother, Rudy, are talking.
59) 1) text: in first class on a "Ghana Airlines" flight to Africa. Close by is Herbert Muhammad. Howard Bingham and Ali's brother, Rudy, are across the aisle from him, asleep... plane bumps in choppy air.
95) 1) text: approach from two vehicles. Rudy and SIX LARGE MUSLIMS escort Ali through the crowd of media trucks, reporters a conspicuous unmarked police cars and neighborhood people.
97) 1) text: laying on the sofa. Dundee, Pacheco and Rudy have joined. There's the feeling the house is a bunker. Phones ring. Television is on. LIPSYTE, taking notes, watching Walter Cronkite on TV. He crosses to Ali. Dundee's on the phone.
134) 4) text: Bingham takes pictures. Sarria, Rudy and the media in for are there for the start of Ali's comeback.
142) 11) text: Rudy heard...
142) 13) dialog: Go on!   Everybody out!
143) 1) text: With Bundini, Bingham, Rudy and Sarria as a wedge, Ali drives through reporters on the way to Belinda. Press mob Ali...
173) 16) text: Sadler's there with his wife and another couple. Rudy joi laughing. Bundini turns loose Sadler. Ali and Sadler like each other.
173) 24) text: More laughter.     Sadler's beret falls off.   Rudy puts
180) 8) dialog: Countdown is on, bro.   Five minutes.
181) 1) text: Paratroopers on either side like a wedge, guarding Ali wi Angelo, Bundini, Rudy and Herbert, as they push through t door, out into the hall.