56) 11) text: (whispers to Kurt) Of course, it’s no good if someone had the idea first. Lucio Fontana has been slashing canvases for the last six years. What's the point of just repeating it? But Katrin has lovely firm breasts, so we let her do what she likes... They walk on through various studios, all linked like pearls on a string. One of the studios is particularly crowded. Here ADRIAN SCHIMMEL, a good-looking young man with fashionable black sunglasses, smooth black hair and sensuous lips, is standing in front of a wall of paintings which consist of repeated patterns in vibrant colors.
56) 14) dialog: Yes, but you see, it only looks that way. That's exactly what we artists are searching for: that which is hidden behind the decorative. The emptiness, expressed by the holes I punched in it. The banality, incorporated in the material linoleum that I applied to it. The senseless stridency visible in the neon colors in which I rolled my work. Thus it becomes obvious than in art even the facade, yes, even wallpaper always speaks the truth. And that is precisely what brought you here. You have a deep sense of the artistic; otherwise you would not have ended up _ here. Piet Mondrian presents you with utopia. I 96 present you with the truth. Your friends see some pretty wallpaper. You see the level behind it.
56) 16) dialog: It is. That's what so fantastic about art. Preusser leads Kurt away with a dismissive wave.
72) 10) dialog: Oh, what the hell! This doesn't deserve a provincial gallerist. Kurt, what do you say I become your gallerist?
72) 12) dialog: Adrian Finck. Ivo rests one hand on his shoulder. Ivo You’re not as bad as you always pretend to be, you know that? 126 Adrian Finck stretches his hand out to Kurt Barnert.
72) 13) dialog: 
72) 15) dialog: But first we don't sell a thing. First we hold a big exhibition of your work, with press conference and TV. International attention.
72) 17) dialog: Documenta. Kassel. He says this with such assurance that nobody doubts the wisdom of his choice. 148. INT. DOCUMENTA KASSEL — DAY INSERT TITLE: Kassel 1968 A large modern exhibition hall with Kurt's paintings hanging on the walls, some framed. A group of journalists are here for the preview, strolling from one picture to the next, gazing at them with interest. They are making notes and recording their comments in Dictaphones. So here they are, the "Nurses", the portrait of Kurt's father as "Johann with Dog", Uncle Giinther as "Soldier" Aunt Elisabeth and Kurt as "Mother with Child". The Seebands are "Family at Beach", the portrait of Seeband’s passport pictures simply "Portrait". The Lancaster bomber. And in the middle, towering above everything, the overwhelming "Nude on Staircase". There is only one picture missing.
74) 0) text: About 80 folding chairs have been set up on one side of the exhibition hall, facing a podium with a table covered in a black cloth and two chairs. Attendants guide the journalists over to the press conference. Kurt is sitting on the podium with the director of documenta, ARTHUR KASTNER. Ellie is standing at the back of the room, a one-year-old child in her arms: a little girl. Kurt smiles over at her. She raises the baby’s arm and waves back with it. Adrian Finck is standing next to Ellie, excited but happy. Arthur Kastner taps the microphone.
76) 1) dialog: You sure you don't want a lift to the hotel?
76) 3) dialog: You were good today. It was good. It's going to be good. Adrian drives off. Kurt turns up the collar of his coat and sets off through the cold night. 131 153. He comes past a large bus station: there must be 20 buses here. After hesitating briefly he walks towards them. EXT. KASSEL — CENTRAL BUS STATION - NIGHT LONG SHOT: we see Kurt walk up to the cab of one bus and speak to the driver. Through the windshield of the bus we see the driver pick up his radio and talk to the other drivers. Kurt takes up position in the center, the buses all around him. One of them hoots its horn, and then another. In the last 25 years the quality of bus horns has improved. A dozen buses are now hooting, creating a deep, dense, moving drone. Kurt opens his arms as if to draw in the sound and closes his eyes. He looks happier than ever before.