0) 13) dialog: (whispers in his ear) Don't tell anybody, but I like it.
1) 0) text: In the background we see a poster on the building: TOURING EXHIBITION: DEGENERATE ART. FREE ENTRY. The street Kurt and Elisabeth are walking along is decorated with pictures of Hitler wreathed with garlands, swastika flags and banners announcing DRESDEN GREETS THE FUHRER. Two men wearing hats gaze at Elisabeth as she walks past, their eyes gleaming.
1) 4) dialog: On Monday nobody here will have eyes for me. They'll all be cheering the Fthrer.
1) 8) dialog: (nodding) You miss your friends... Kurt doesn't reply.
1) 9) dialog: (teasing) I know who you miss... That cute little girl with the flaming red braids... What was her name, Johanna, right?
1) 11) dialog: Who else do you miss. Sometimes it helps to just get it out.
1) 13) dialog: But it's only 75 km from our house to Dresden. You can visit them as often as you like. There’s a bus every two hours. Was it so difficult to get here today? Aunt Elisabeth looks out the window, with yearning.
1) 14) dialog: But you're right, of course. Dresden is unbeatable in its beauty. WIDE SHOT: As the bus drives over the Augustus bridge, in the b/g we see the baroque splendor of Dresden in perfect sunlight. Aunt Elisabeth was not exaggerating. TIME CUT: By now the landscape outside the window of the bus has become more rural. Aunt Elisabeth lifts her nephew onto her lap. The boy is pleased to be so close to the beautiful girl. She strokes his hair.
1) 15) dialog: Aren't you even a little bit happy that you've moved in with us? Kurt shrugs. At this precise moment he might well be.
1) 16) dialog: And you can climb the tree behind the house again. Do you remember last year, when we were looking for you everywhere, and just as we were about to call the police you dropped an acorn on Uncle Gunther's head? Not many 5-year-olds can climb like you! She tickles him a little. He laughs.
1) 17) dialog: (quietly) You know, I think your father is very brave, not joining the Party. One signature and he could have kept his job as a teacher, and the apartment.
1) 19) dialog: (interrupts, whispering) I know... But you don't talk to anybody else like this, do you? Kurt shakes his head.
1) 21) dialog: (laughs) His capital! She looks down tenderly at the boy. She is holding him like a little child. But since he is no longer quite so little, he is lying in her arms almost like a lover. Her breasts are close to his face and his hands. He gazes up. She notices this. He realizes that she has noticed but still doesn't back away.
1) 22) dialog: You'd really like to touch them, wouldn't you? Kurt doesn't deny.
2) 0) text: Elisabeth thanks the bus driver as they step out. The streets are empty, the bus station not even boasting a building. We have the clear impression that we are out in the provinces. No other passengers are around. The driver moves the bus over to a parking area with half a dozen other buses. Elisabeth takes little Kurt by the hand and walks in that direction herself. Through the windshields of the buses we see the drivers eating their lunch sandwiches.
2) 2) text: Elisabeth emerges from her trance, pulls herself together, blows kisses to the drivers and takes Kurt by the hand, leading him away.
2) 3) dialog: (to Kurt) To paint a picture which gives you that feeling. That's what they're trying to do, those degenerate artists... The drivers smile, shaking their heads (clearly this is not the first time) and then go back to their sandwiches and newspapers.
4) 0) text: Little Kurt uses his own key to enter the house. Inside the narrow hall there is a large, dark wooden wardrobe, mounted antlers on the walls. The room is filled with the sound of PIANO MUSIC from the living room: Bach’s composition "Sheep May Safely Graze". For some reason, Kurt feels uneasy. He follows the sound of the music. When he enters the living room he sees Elisabeth sitting at the piano, playing the music. She is naked. She doesn't turn to face him. He lowers his eyes.
4) 2) dialog: Don't look away, Kurt. If you never look away, your gaze will become strong as steel. You will see the truth. And everything that is is true is beautiful... She carries on playing, lost in the melody. He comes closer, gazing at the naked woman.
4) 3) dialog: This piece is called "Sheep May Safely Graze". But you mustn't let anybody notice, if you're a sheep. Or you can never graze safely. That's for sure. She suddenly stops playing. Now she presses one key repeatedly, playing the same note again and again. Kurt is becoming increasingly disconcerted by her behavior.
4) 4) dialog: You know, this note makes everything alright. This note. The whole power of music, of life itself, of the universe, is contained in this note. People look for the Secret Code, for the Theory of Everything. But here it is: the A in the octave above middle C on the Bltithner piano in the Mays’ living room in Waltersdorf. Nothing can ever happen to us, because we have this note. She starts weeping about the note, laughing about the note.
4) 5) dialog: And now that I have found it, I can play it everywhere. She gets up from the piano and gazes at Kurt.
4) 6) dialog: On the table... She picks up a heavy crystal glass ashtray and hammers it down on the glass top of the sofa table until the room is 9 filled with a menacing smashing sound. Elisabeth seems content.
4) 7) dialog: Even on my head... She starts hitting herself over the head with the ashtray, again and again, until blood starts seeping through her hair down onto her face.
4) 10) dialog: Playing a concert for the Ftihrer! INT. WALTERSDORF - DOCTOR’S OFFICE - CONSULTATION ROOM -—
4) 13) dialog: (through the door) Mild schizophrenia, youthful delusion! I can hear everything! Ha, ha, ha!
4) 18) dialog: (calls over to them) Is this your wife? You hate her, am I right? I can see it, by the way you stand next to her. She imitates his posture in the photograph with eerie precision. Dr Michaelis stares at her, shocked. Elisabeth realizes this has offended him.
4) 19) dialog: You can ignore that. After all, I'm crazy.
5) 0) text: Little Kurt awakes in his room to beautiful sunshine spilling in through the windows. He hears sounds, sits up 12 in his bed to look outside. A white ambulance pulls up. Two orderlies dressed in white get out. Kurt comes running up in his pajamas and sees them drag Aunt Elisabeth out of the house. Her two brothers, GUNTHER and EHRENFRIED, embrace her, as if wanting to hold on to her. Waltraud is standing next to her husband JOHANN. When Kurt's father sees the small boy, he tries to send him back into the house, but Kurt ignores him. Elisabeth is fighting desperately, biting and scratching the orderlies, until they give her an injection of scopolamine to sedate her.
6) 0) text: Aunt Elisabeth, three years older, and calmer, is wearing a white hospital gown. She is led through the white corridors by an attendant. A NURSE holding a medical file stands outside a large door with a sign that proclaims in large brass letters that this is the office of Professor Carl Seeband. When the attendant appears with Aunt Elisabeth, the nurse presses a button next to the door. INT. DRESDEN GYNECOLOGICAL HOSPITAL - SEEBAND’S OFFICE -
6) 5) dialog: Good day.
6) 7) dialog: Why should I heal him? You're the doctor. She giggles a little at her joke. Seeband looks up, his face lacking all expression.
6) 8) dialog: (meekly, like a child) Heil Hitler... Excuse me, I always have to say whatever comes to my mind. That's my problem.
6) 10) dialog: You will have to answer that one. Seeband makes a note. Elisabeth points to a framed water-color on the wall, a landscape with a rainbow.
6) 11) dialog: Is that by your... daughter? 16 Seeband clearly does not wish the conversation turned to his family.
6) 13) dialog: Because I sometimes don't think very properly. Seeband notes down her reply.
6) 16) dialog: A very nice girl, your daughter. I can see from the picture. Not what you would really call artistically talented. I suppose you might even be pleased by that? But a lot of heart. I have a nephew the same age. Unfortunately he's very talented. I sometimes take him = to exhibitions, to encourage him.
6) 23) dialog: I am from a healthy background. I know I'm healthy.
6) 25) dialog: No! No!
6) 28) dialog: (pleading) Please... Herr Seeband... Herr Professor... Please... Please! The attendant tries to grab hold of her, but it's difficult to pull her out of the corner.
6) 29) dialog: (increasingly hysterical Please... For the Fiihrer... I shall have children, healthy, Aryan children, please, please, please. Herr Professor. I will give them to the Fiihrer, as we are supposed to. And my children will also give their children to the Fiihrer. For the war. You need soldiers, don't you? Who else is going to fight...? Who else is going to fight...? I'm only sometimes confused... Not very often at all... Please. Don't take my children away from me. She has become very weak and now allows the attendant to lift her to her feet and lead her towards the door. But after a few steps suddenly she pulls free and leaps at Seeband, grabbing his feet like a sinner in a biblical painting.
6) 30) dialog: (shrill, in despair) You are a father too, aren't you...? Please, for your daughter... She paints 19 12. too... She could be my sister... I could be your daughter... Papa! Papa!! Seeband is horrified and revolted but doesn't want to touch Elisabeth himself. The attendant struggles, trying to pull her free. CLOSE-UP: a tear falls onto Seeband’s highly polished shoe, splashing there. The attendant drags Elisabeth to the door. She is still gazing at Seeband, stretching her arms out to him. Tears are flowing down her cheeks. The door is closed behind her. For a moment we can still hear Elisabeth outside; then there is silence. Seeband presses the button of his intercom.
14) 0) text: 26 24. 25. In Gro&schweidnitz a group of 20 psychiatric patients is led down a white tile spiral staircase. Several patients with Down's syndrome are among them. One of them keeps on kissing the walls, while another clutches the hand of the attendant with complete trust. Among them Aunt Elisabeth, now very thin, her eyes hollow from misery and malnutrition, looking like a mummified child. She also allows herself to be led without complaint, but at the same time she watches everything very closely. They have reached their destination, and now the patients are led into the "shower room".
15) 0) text: Inside this white-tiled room the patients obediently spread out so each one is standing underneath a shower head. They look up, puzzled, because nothing happens when they turn the taps. It suddenly becomes apparent that only the patients themselves are left in the room. The door is locked. And then carbon monoxide emanates from tiny holes in several pipes that run the length of the room. Some of the patients don't understand what's happening. Others begin to scream or weep. Elisabeth stands there quite calmly, watching what is happening around her. A few of the patients with more presence of mind run over to the door and hammer on it, trying to open it. But it is sealed so tightly that it doesn't move in the slightest.
17) 0) text: The room is being washed out with a hose by two SS men, the bodies cleaned. Then they are dragged outside. Elisabeth is lying there, her eyes wide open, as if even in death she were still watching her murderers. The SS attendant is disconcerted by this.
23) 0) text: COMMANDANT’S OFFICE - DAY A large but simple office. An adjutant is using an axe to chop up a valuable Rococo commode which has been brought up in a wheelbarrow, tossing the pieces of wood into a heating oven. Seeband is sitting opposite the stocky CAMP COMMANDER, NKWD MAJOR ALEXANDER MIKHAILOVICH MURAVYOV, just as Elisabeth was sitting across from him not so many years 32 ago. The Commandant is smoking a non-filter Gospodin cigarette and studying Seeband’s file, checking some items with his interpreter and shaking his head in genuine moral indignation.
37) 4) dialog: (reading the labels) F, 2B or 4B? When Max doesn't reply she looks up.
37) 5) dialog: Well?
37) 7) dialog: F or 4B? 51 Max steps aside and sneaks a glance at Kurt, hoping his friend hasn't seen the way he was rejected. But Kurt has. Max walks off. The small crowd disperses. Only Kurt is left.
37) 9) dialog: Do you want one? There's only 4B left. She holds out a shining green Faber Castell pencil. Suddenly he sticks out his tongue. There is a razor blade on it. He takes it between his fingers and, with considerable dexterity, cuts four notches in a kind of open box that he has produced at great speed by folding the clothes pattern. It suddenly becomes apparent that he has created a perfect origami ashtray for four cigarettes. He takes the pencil and presents her with the ashtray in exchange. Then he pretends to swallow the razor blade again. When she laughs he puts it back with the other razor blades on her table.
37) 11) dialog: (indignant) Golden pheasant? I can't let you get away with that.
38) 0) text: They are walking along side by side in silence. Sometimes he looks over at her. Elisabeth is increasingly surprised that he doesn't utter a word. 52 They come past a large building in ruins with a banner hanging on it, proclaiming in large letters: "Learning from the Soviet Union means Learning Victory". We see from a place where some paint was spilt onto it that it is the very banner Kurt painted himself. But he doesn't say anything.
38) 1) dialog: I thought you wanted to talk to me.
38) 3) dialog: Very well, then I'll make conversation. He gestures to indicate that she should proceed.
38) 4) dialog: Socialist realism... is that really your kind of art? He considers this for a moment.
38) 6) dialog: Why do you keep looking at me like that?
38) 8) dialog: Would you like to paint me?
38) 10) dialog: I have to get home.
38) 13) dialog: (laughs) I live here. The house belongs to us. Kurt looks up admiringly at the magnificent building.
38) 15) dialog: We were just lucky: the house wasn't even hit once. Before the war the whole street looked like this. They both look at the ruins which the majority of the buildings around them have been reduced to. She looks at him again. He gazes back steadily. It is a moment of silence that neither of them finds uncomfortable.
38) 16) dialog: You have such confidence. Certainty. Almost as if you knew something. He gazes at her, shaking his head modestly, smiling slightly.
38) 17) dialog: Goodbye, Kurt.
38) 19) dialog: 54 60. Elisabeth!
38) 21) dialog: (taken aback) Everybody calls me Elisabeth, really...
38) 23) dialog: (laughs) Alright. My father calls me Ellie. He likes the name.