39) 0) text: Kurt is sitting a the kitchen table, working on a drawing of Ellie in which she is smoking, looking seductively glamorous. He is also smoking, though with him it makes him look more like a proletarian. Next to him there is also a new sketch of the Seeband Villa in Wiener Strasse. The house also seems to have impressed him. His desk is very tidy. On an adjoining table we see a small collection of pictures that Kurt has cut out of newspapers, including one of the British Lancaster bombers, and one of a group of nurses that looks very similar to those in the sanatorium all those years ago. Alongside this are several works of literature bound in beige, with gold titles. Suddenly we hear a woman scream loudly. Then again. 55 61. Kurt leaps up and runs out, following the sound of the next scream and racing up the stairs to the attic. He pushes aside sheets and shirts that have been hung up here to dry, which are blocking his view. Finally he finds his mother standing in front of a laundry basket, and then he sees the body of his father hanging from a beam by a rope. Once again, his eyes blur the image. INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART -— STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY Kurt enters. Everybody turns to look at him. He walks over to his chair and sits in front of his easel. Max squeezes his shoulder. The professor approaches.
39) 2) text: - Kurt works on the painting through lunch. - Kurt gazes at the models with his steel-grey eyes. - As well as the male worker there is also a woman... looking less than dignified as she picks her nose. - Kurt peers critically at his painting. - Kurt paints over the face of the woman. - Kurt working into the night on his painting. - Professor Grimma comes round, looking at the students’ efforts. When he reaches Kurt he has to fight back his emotions and pats his young student on the shoulder appreciatively. - Close-up: Kurt has given the proud working woman, visible in profile next to the male, the face of Ellie. Her face is at precisely the angle that Ellie’s face was when he first saw her and sketched her. Even when he was looking at her, he had always been thinking of the completion of his painting...
39) 4) dialog: A golden pheasant as a proletarian? Kurt turns round. 56 62. Her expression indicates that she has heard what happened. She has in her hands a suit and shirt which she holds up to him.
39) 5) dialog: You are now my seminar project. He smiles and starts to get undressed, gazing steadily at her as he unfastens his belt, takes off his pants, unbuttons his shirt... until he is wearing only underpants. His body is muscular, youthful, without much hair. But if he hoped to disconcert Ellie, he hasn't succeeded: she gazes at him closely, a sensation he enjoys. He puts on the shirt and suit. It fits perfectly and looks very good. The material is coarse and natural, cut wide: suddenly he looks like a important artist. He catches a glimpse of himself in a mirror.
39) 12) dialog: I love you. 57 He becomes more passionate and aroused.
39) 14) dialog: Yes. Now he can let himself go.
39) 15) dialog: I love you! Really, I love you. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT (SEVERAL
39) 17) dialog: Will you still be able to look me in the eye tomorrow?
39) 19) dialog: When we see each other tomorrow, completely normal, fully dressed, in the Academy, with the teachers... (correcting herself with a laugh) Professors! With the other students in the canteen... Will you look at me in exactly the same way?
39) 21) dialog: My parents! 58 64.
39) 23) dialog: My father! (going pale) My God, what shall we do? Kurt gives her a look as if to say: "We'll just have to let this play out". But her expression is one of such despair that he now opens the window, climbs onto the ledge and jumps out - still completely naked - towards the fir tree which is a good three meters away. After her initial shock Ellie looks round the room and sees his suit; she sweeps it up with a quick gesture, flings it out of the window, leaps into bed, pulls up the sheet and pretends to be asleep. A second later the door opens to admit... Carl Seeband. A little older but just as controlled and precise as ever. He sees Ellie lying there, looks over at the open window, comes into the room and closes it. He crosses to gaze down at Ellie for a moment, leans forward as if to kiss her - but merely blows out the candle. Then he walks out of the room. EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - FIR TREE/ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS Kurt is climbing down the tree, still about 6 meters from the ground. WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.) (coolly) Good night, Frau Hellthaler. At the same time FRAU SEEBAND, an elegant, attractive blonde in her mid-40s, comes back out of the house to pick up two bags she left by the front door. She sees the 59 65. 66. 67. stray clothes lying on the ground, frowns in surprise and picks up the pants. Then she looks up at the tree in front of her, branches trembling suspiciously. EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - FIR TREE - CONTINUOUS Kurt has reached the lowest branch and now jumps to the ground, rolling over and getting to his feet, a manoeuver which brings him face to face with Frau Seeband. He is stark naked, while she is very dressed in a Dior-style suit with a fur collar and hat. She gazes at him in surprise, curious, the suggestion of a wry smile on her face.
40) 0) text: Kurt is having lunch with friends. Suddenly Ellie appears, wearing tight pants and a soft, light-blue pullover which emphasizes her figure. Kurt looks up at her and blushes. Ellie attempts to downplay her uncertainty by appearing confident, but the others assess the situation correctly, get to their feet and leave 60 making various excuses. Ellie sits down, determined not to allow any awkwardness between her and Kurt to develop.
40) 1) dialog: Thanks for risking your life to preserve my reputation. But don't ever do anything that reckless again. Kurt attempts a reckless smile, but he has to express what is worrying him.
40) 3) dialog: They didn't notice a thing. Not a thing. Kurt is surprised to hear that her mother said nothing.
40) 4) dialog: They’ re moving back to Dresden. My father is getting his old job back, as hospital director. But he has to rent out two of the rooms in our house. Otherwise he'll get into trouble with the Residence Allocation Office. He’s going to put up a sign tomorrow.
40) 6) dialog: That's only the first floor. We have seven bedrooms upstairs. For me, my parents and Papa’s "secretary". There is a scornful undertone as she says this last word. She gazes steadily into Kurt's eyes.
40) 7) dialog: Would you perhaps like to be the first to discover that sign tomorrow, quite by chance? There are large trees outside the big windows, and the powerful sunshine projects the shape of leaves alternating with areas of bright light over her face and body. It's like a painting. Kurt can do nothing but stare at her.
40) 8) dialog: 61 I mean, they couldn't really hold it against me if I fall in love with a tenant they themselves have chosen.
40) 10) dialog: Oh, Mama! She's such an innocent. You don't have to worry about her. She won't suspect a thing. Really, not a thing. From her intonation we gather there may be something that her mother ought to suspect about Seeband. 68. EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - DAY Seeband’s secretary, FRAU HELLTHALER, opens the door.
40) 57) dialog: Why are you looking at those terrible pictures? I look awful in them. Come over here. But Kurt ignores her. He is looking at a photograph of Seeband at the beach, leaning forward, his arms around his wife and Ellie, who are in front of him. 69 CLOSE-UP: Seeband’s face in the photograph.
40) 58) dialog: (disappointed) You aren’t looking at me at all... She has come over to him and is looking over his shoulder.
40) 60) dialog: Papa likes it.
40) 63) dialog: He doesn't want us to talk about it... Kurt waits.
40) 64) dialog: (hesitantly) During the war Papa treated the wives of Goring and Goebbels... REACTION from Kurt.
40) 65) dialog: (quickly) simply because he's the best gynecologist... They came 200 km from Berlin, as if nobody there was capable of doing a smear test... Just imagine! Anyway, as a reward they made him an honorary member of the SS. He couldn’t 70 77. refuse. But of course after the war it was hard to explain to the Russians that he didn’t have anything to do with the Nazis otherwise. They combed through all the archives but couldn’t find anything against him. Kurt looks at the picture again. Maybe he really was reading something into it which didn’t exist. But he still can’t respond to Ellie’s caresses.
40) 67) dialog: But that’s good. I mean, he’s successful.
40) 69) dialog: Out of where? But she knows exactly what he means.
40) 70) dialog: You’re not serious... But things are going so well for us here... I could never leave Mama. Kurt gazes ahead thoughtfully.
40) 71) dialog: You were just saying that, weren’t you? She takes his silence as agreement and kisses him. Now he returns the kiss.
41) 13) dialog: (whispers) I'm pregnant. At first Kurt doesn't react at all.
41) 17) dialog: Maybe we should start by telling them that we are together. To divide the shock into little pieces?
41) 19) dialog: It's not Mama I'm worried about. Papa will be devastated. I'll always be 12 years old to him. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - PARENTS’ BEDROOM - SIMULTANEOUS Seeband is lying on the bed, making notes. He is aware that his wife isn’t asleep. 73 80.
42) 0) text: An elegant restaurant with thick carpet, livreed waiters and a string quartet. Ellie has even given Kurt a fashionable tie. Seeband is telling a medical anecdote.
42) 2) dialog: There’s something we want to tell you...
42) 4) dialog: No... although... there is news on that front, too. You see, Kurt has been given the job of painting the mural in the Museum for Hygiene.
42) 7) dialog: And on that subject... Seeband has become very still. Neither Kurt nor Ellie says anything.
42) 9) dialog: We are... together. 75
42) 11) dialog: We are a couple. We have been for some time.
42) 13) dialog: A... couple in a loving relationship. Seeband acts as though this devastates him. He looks over to his wife for help, although she looks back at him as if to say: "Don't lay it on too thick".
42) 14) dialog: And there's something else...
42) 16) dialog: Yes, and as well as that...
42) 18) dialog: (to a waiter) Please bring the Professor some water. Quickly! Seeband takes a drink of water. Then he looks at the two youngsters with a mild smile.
43) 0) text: They are walking home, Ellie and her mother in front, Seeband and Kurt slightly behind. They have something to talk about.
43) 20) dialog: (in a monotone) He had an SS uniform made for himself. For hours he would practice in front of the mirror, trying out different poses until he found the best ones. 87. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - SEEBAND’S STUDY - FLASHBACK Seeband in front of the mirror. Six-year-old Ellie enters the room and watches him.
43) 21) dialog: He didn't care that I could see him: I was only a little girl. There was a grinning skull on the cap. In silver. A skull. CLOSE-UP: THE SILVER SKULL on the SS cap. It has been placed on a chair at exactly Ellie’s height. The little girl gazes at it uneasily.
43) 22) dialog: A doctor is supposed to heal people. He’s supposed to heal. 88. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - THE PRESENT
43) 23) dialog: (in despair) Am I always going to be at his mercy? Now she weeps without inhibition.
44) 6) text: just as we are all only small wheels on a large train which, with the help of the Soviet Union, is moving steadily towards that great terminal station: Communism. Applause. Several people approach Seeband to congratulate him. Kurt, standing with Ellie near his painting, overhears two men who lean forward and study it through their glasses.
46) 1) text: A country inn that could almost be in Austria, with heavy wooden tables and a large terrace that has a beautiful view of the mountains of Saxony. Martha, Ellie, Kurt and Seeband are sitting at a table. Ellie is sitting with her father. She is resting her hand on his. Kurt is talking to Martha.
46) 6) dialog: (reading from a letter) and thus I find myself in Oldenburg, in the Sanderbusch Clinic, with every prospect of taking over when Erkner retires two years from now. Take care of yourself. Your Papa."
49) 4) dialog: (whispers to Kurt) They almost make it too easy...
50) 0) text: - Policeman in their ridiculous blue uniforms. - On a color TV in a shop for electrical appliances the weekly lottery draw is being televised. - The huge Refugee Center in Marienfelde, where Kurt and Ellie are allocated camp beds, next to them families with screaming children. - A government office (a desolate place even in West Berlin) where each new arrival is issued with a little Western money from a petty cash box. 91 101. 102. 103. 104 - Ellie, wearing a bra, is washing her only blouse in one of the many washbasins of the communal bathroom.
56) 61) dialog: Oh come on! Don't tell me you can't do anything you like here.
56) 63) dialog: Maybe... first of all... to inaugurate this studio?
59) 0) text: Ellie is working at a sewing machine among two dozen other women. Hard, manual labor. But she looks somehow content, as if she had a wonderful secret. Suddenly she looks up and clutches her belly. The sewing machine continues to operate, the material bunching up and tearing. Tears spring to her eyes. She gets to her feet, swaying slightly.
60) 0) text: Ellie is standing naked at a washbasin, scrubbing the blood from her skirt while tears run down her cheeks. Suddenly, she collapes. Her body thuds against the door, breaking the flimsy lock. Two fellow seamstresses rush toward her, concerned. 117. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT It is dark in the apartment. Kurt opens the front door and turns on the light, surprised that nobody appears to be home. But then he sees Ellie sitting in a chair, motionless and pale.
60) 1) dialog: The sixth time, Kurt. This time it was as far as the third month. Kurt stops in his tracks. His clothes are covered with specks of gray paint.
60) 2) dialog: I went to see the doctor. I will not be able to have children. 106 118. Kurt is shaken. He still can't move.
60) 3) dialog: And you know what he said? It was the abortion. Not cilia damage. (bitterly) By wanting to keep it so pure, he succeeded in extinguishing his own bloodline. She begins to weep. Kurt kneels next to her, holding her tight.
60) 4) dialog: We'll never have children, Kurt... He is also deeply upset.
60) 5) dialog: Your pictures... Your pictures have to be our children. Yes? Alright? Kurt embraces her in silence. He nods.
64) 0) text: Kurt and Herr Miinster are alone in the courtyard. All Kurt's paintings have been dumped in a large construction container, doused in petrol and set alight. 125. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY Kurt enters and turns on the fluorescent lights, which buzz as they come to life. But he only stands there, in front of his empty canvas, unable to paint a thing. 126. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - NIG It is night now. Kurt turns off the light. He hasn’t painted a thing. He walks out. 127. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Kurt walks into the apartment. Ellie has been waiting and gives him a kiss on the cheek.
64) 1) dialog: How was your day?
65) 1) text: 113 A BLURRED IMAGE which comes into focus. A _ still photograph of Carl and Martha Seeband, smiling on the balcony of their hotel in Positano, Italy. A slide. The Seebands are showing their holiday photographs. Seeband himself adjusts the focus of the projector. The family living room is in darkness. Ellie and her mother are sitting on the sofa. Kurt is on a chair slightly to one side, smoking. It's a fine, modern villa. Life is still good for the Seebands: only the style has changed. Beige carpets, modern Wagenfeld interiors. More slides are shown: Seeband and his wife on the beach, with big hats and exotic cocktails; in a Roman amphitheater; in front of the small Lufthansa plane that is going to bring them home; inside the plane - the 1st class cabin. Everything spells prosperity.
66) 5) text: Ellie and Kurt are sitting in silence on the wooden seats of the third class train compartment, digesting the evening as they travel home. Suddenly Ellie breaks the silence:
66) 6) dialog: Can’t he just vanish from our lives? Just leave us alone?
71) 5) dialog: 124 I'm pregnant. He is staggered.
71) 6) dialog: The fourth month. I went to the doctor. The fourth month. We are going to be parents! Kurt sinks to his knees and embraces her, pressing his head against her belly, kissing her belly, weeping. Ellie herself can hardly believe it and also starts weeping.
71) 7) dialog: We are going to be parents. We are going to be parents.
72) 4) dialog: (quietly) I'm pregnant. And now she comes down the stairs, moving with gentle, majestic steps, her head slightly lowered. Kurt is so 125 146 147. impressed that he forgets for a moment to take a photograph. Then he does so. . INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO -
74) 0) text: About 80 folding chairs have been set up on one side of the exhibition hall, facing a podium with a table covered in a black cloth and two chairs. Attendants guide the journalists over to the press conference. Kurt is sitting on the podium with the director of documenta, ARTHUR KASTNER. Ellie is standing at the back of the room, a one-year-old child in her arms: a little girl. Kurt smiles over at her. She raises the baby’s arm and waves back with it. Adrian Finck is standing next to Ellie, excited but happy. Arthur Kastner taps the microphone.
75) 0) text: Journalist #3 is standing in front of the picture of Ellie on the stairs, holding a microphone. His CAMERAMAN, a tall, thin hippie with a ponytail, doesn't look happy.