5) 0) text: Little Kurt awakes in his room to beautiful sunshine spilling in through the windows. He hears sounds, sits up 12 in his bed to look outside. A white ambulance pulls up. Two orderlies dressed in white get out. Kurt comes running up in his pajamas and sees them drag Aunt Elisabeth out of the house. Her two brothers, GUNTHER and EHRENFRIED, embrace her, as if wanting to hold on to her. Waltraud is standing next to her husband JOHANN. When Kurt's father sees the small boy, he tries to send him back into the house, but Kurt ignores him. Elisabeth is fighting desperately, biting and scratching the orderlies, until they give her an injection of scopolamine to sedate her.
7) 1) text: The May/Barnert family step off a bus onto a dusty village street. They have all made an effort with their appearance. Ehrenfried and Giinther are in their army uniforms, Kurt - now nine years old - is in his Hitler Youth uniform, complete with armband, and Johann is wearing his best suit. Malvine and Waltraud are in summer dresses.
7) 4) dialog: (sadly, resigned) I know: after the war it will be my capital.
8) 0) text: The large reception area of the sanatorium. On one side about 10 uniformed nurses posing for a group photo. A photographer has set up a camera on a tripod in front of them. Kurt watches with interest. Two other nurses are standing at the reception desk. One of them now leaves the counter and goes over to join the group, while the other turns to Johann.
8) 2) dialog: Three liter! Ehrenfried suppresses a grin: he is the only one who heard what Johann really said.
8) 3) dialog: We have an appointment to visit one of your patients, Elisabeth May. I'm Johann Barnert, her brother-in-law. These are her brothers, Ehrenfried and Giinther. Her sister Waltraud, her mother Malvine. The nurse looks through her file.
24) 3) dialog: Principal... For many years I...
24) 5) dialog: Yes. The Principal calmly gets to his feet: the interview is over.
24) 6) dialog: I am not a Nazi. Three quarters of all teachers were in the Party.
29) 2) dialog: What... What is it you understand? 41
29) 6) dialog: (smiling mildly) That's nice.
29) 8) dialog: I'm happy for you, really. Waltraud comes out of the house. Kurt runs up to her twirls her round for a few steps, embraces her and runs into the house. She looks very worried. After a moment Kurt comes out again, carrying a small camera.
29) 10) dialog: I know who you are thinking about. But he's different. 42 48. 49. 50.
31) 0) text: Kurt races up the stairs of the building, slowing down at the second flight because the stairs are being cleaned: it's a hard job, involving a cloth and a bucket of water, and now we see that one of the two people doing this work is Kurt's father Johann. Kurt greets him briefly; this daily encounter may be a routine, but it is still uncomfortable for them both.