74) 0) text: About 80 folding chairs have been set up on one side of the exhibition hall, facing a podium with a table covered in a black cloth and two chairs. Attendants guide the journalists over to the press conference. Kurt is sitting on the podium with the director of documenta, ARTHUR KASTNER. Ellie is standing at the back of the room, a one-year-old child in her arms: a little girl. Kurt smiles over at her. She raises the baby’s arm and waves back with it. Adrian Finck is standing next to Ellie, excited but happy. Arthur Kastner taps the microphone.
74) 4) dialog: 128 The magnificent painting "Mother and Child" we can see here. Who is depicted there? You and your mother? Kurt begins to speak, but we can hardly hear technician pushes the microphone closer to him.
74) 6) dialog: But if you paint a portrait, you must know the person...
74) 9) dialog: Is that the reasoning behind the passport photographs from a machine? A photograph without an author?
74) 11) dialog: So by painting an army officer you are not making a statement about the German Army?
74) 13) dialog: If you take even the composition from a snapshot - surely that means everything is very random?
74) 18) dialog: What will be next for you? More painted, slightly blurred copies of photographs?
74) 20) dialog: Color charts?
75) 0) text: Journalist #3 is standing in front of the picture of Ellie on the stairs, holding a microphone. His CAMERAMAN, a tall, thin hippie with a ponytail, doesn't look happy.
75) 3) dialog: Magazine images chosen at random, passport photographs from machines, snapshots from family albums - all painted in blurry style. With these pictures, which admittedly have genuine force in some mysterious’ way, Kurt Barnert seems on his way to becoming one of the leading artists of his generation - in painting, a supposedly long dead medium. But, like so many of his generation, he has no statement to make, no stories to tell, and nothing to say. He is rejecting artistic tradition, side- stepping the auto-biographical and is thus creating, perhaps for the first time in the history of art... a body of work in which the artist is almost irrelevant. The camera CLOSES IN on the picture of "Mother with Child" behind him until the reporter is OUT OF SHOT. JOURNALIST #3 (O.C., CONT’D) Was that good?