0) 4) text: And madness, mental illness, is elevated to a defining principle. Can one truly assume that the eye of certain individuals makes them see things other than they really are? That there actually are men who see in their compatriots nothing but degenerate cretins? That these individuals perceive, or, as they might put it: “experience”, fields as blue, skies as green, clouds as sulfur- yellow, and the like? The intensity of the paintings Kurt sees could suggest this.
0) 10) dialog: Right now, he’s out of work.
0) 12) dialog: (to Elisabeth) Maybe I don't want to be a painter after all.
1) 0) text: In the background we see a poster on the building: TOURING EXHIBITION: DEGENERATE ART. FREE ENTRY. The street Kurt and Elisabeth are walking along is decorated with pictures of Hitler wreathed with garlands, swastika flags and banners announcing DRESDEN GREETS THE FUHRER. Two men wearing hats gaze at Elisabeth as she walks past, their eyes gleaming.
1) 1) dialog: 
1) 5) dialog: I think you're better than Hitler. She smiles at a compliment she is unlikely to have heard before. They reach a bus stop just as the bus arrives. The destination board indicates the last stop “GroBschénau”. They board the vehicle. INT. BUS — DAY The BUS DRIVER is an elderly man with kind eyes. He knows Elizabeth.
1) 7) dialog: (pointing) Over there, that's where our apartment was.
1) 10) dialog: (embarrassed) No, not just Johanna... He goes silent. The mood changes. He is very earnest, alm looks like he is about to cry.
1) 12) dialog: The Schréders - you know, that old couple who are always holding hands, like little children. I miss them. And Tilo, their dachshund. Whenever I called him, he always ran to me... He chokes up.
1) 18) dialog: He says that if a man isn't prepared to suffer for his beliefs there is either something wrong with the man or _ the beliefs. He says it’s criminal the way the Nazis...
1) 20) dialog: Mama says she'll persuade him to join anyway. And then after the war that will be his capitol.
2) 0) text: Elisabeth thanks the bus driver as they step out. The streets are empty, the bus station not even boasting a building. We have the clear impression that we are out in the provinces. No other passengers are around. The driver moves the bus over to a parking area with half a dozen other buses. Elisabeth takes little Kurt by the hand and walks in that direction herself. Through the windshields of the buses we see the drivers eating their lunch sandwiches.
2) 1) dialog: What is it, Aunt Elisabeth? Did you forget something? Elisabeth gives him a mysterious smile and stands in the middle of the area, surrounded by the buses. Apparently the drivers all know her: they smile at the attractive girl. She folds her hands together in a pleading gesture, and the bus drivers nod to each other. One of them leans on the horn, and then another, and soon they are all hooting their horns together. The deep, full sound penetrates everything. Elisabeth closes her eyes, lays her head back and raises her arms as if in prayer, a sort of ecstatic gesture as she relishes the deep reverberations that penetrate her entire body. An extreme musical experience. Little Kurt is completely bewildered. After a few moments the drivers stop hooting.
2) 2) text: Elisabeth emerges from her trance, pulls herself together, blows kisses to the drivers and takes Kurt by the hand, leading him away.
4) 0) text: Little Kurt uses his own key to enter the house. Inside the narrow hall there is a large, dark wooden wardrobe, mounted antlers on the walls. The room is filled with the sound of PIANO MUSIC from the living room: Bach’s composition "Sheep May Safely Graze". For some reason, Kurt feels uneasy. He follows the sound of the music. When he enters the living room he sees Elisabeth sitting at the piano, playing the music. She is naked. She doesn't turn to face him. He lowers his eyes.
4) 8) dialog: Aunt Elisabeth, you’re bleeding. At this moment Kurt's mother, WALTRAUD, and his grandmother, MALVINE, appear.
5) 0) text: Little Kurt awakes in his room to beautiful sunshine spilling in through the windows. He hears sounds, sits up 12 in his bed to look outside. A white ambulance pulls up. Two orderlies dressed in white get out. Kurt comes running up in his pajamas and sees them drag Aunt Elisabeth out of the house. Her two brothers, GUNTHER and EHRENFRIED, embrace her, as if wanting to hold on to her. Waltraud is standing next to her husband JOHANN. When Kurt's father sees the small boy, he tries to send him back into the house, but Kurt ignores him. Elisabeth is fighting desperately, biting and scratching the orderlies, until they give her an injection of scopolamine to sedate her.
7) 1) text: The May/Barnert family step off a bus onto a dusty village street. They have all made an effort with their appearance. Ehrenfried and Giinther are in their army uniforms, Kurt - now nine years old - is in his Hitler Youth uniform, complete with armband, and Johann is wearing his best suit. Malvine and Waltraud are in summer dresses.
8) 0) text: The large reception area of the sanatorium. On one side about 10 uniformed nurses posing for a group photo. A photographer has set up a camera on a tripod in front of them. Kurt watches with interest. Two other nurses are standing at the reception desk. One of them now leaves the counter and goes over to join the group, while the other turns to Johann.
10) 0) text: INSERT TITLE: 13*® February 1945 24 15. 16. 17. Kurt, now 13 years old, and somewhat too tall for his cot, awakes from the sound of airplane engines ROARING outside. He sits up to watch them from his window, then decides to run outside.
13) 0) text: INTERCUT HIGH ANGLE SHOTS of young Kurt standing in the garden, who can only see the bombers overhead and the distant flames, but can imagine what is happening there. His mother has joined him. We see the distant fires reflected in their faces. His mother places her hand over the boy's eyes, but he pushes her hand down. She does not try again. More and more bombers are approaching in the skies overhead. KURT’S POV: He BLURS THE IMAGE of the bombers. INT. EASTERN FRONT — WAREHOUSE IN WITEBSK - SIMULTANEOUS Ehrenfried and Giinther, frost on their now bearded faces are lying close together among other German soldiers huddled in field sleeping bags inside an icy cold warehouse. We see large signs in Cyrillic letters on the walls. Suddenly an ARTILLERY SHELL CRASHES through the roof. The German soldiers leap up. Another SHELL HITS. A fragment of shrapnel strikes Ehrenfried in the throat, cuts open his carotid artery. Glinther leaps over to him and attempts to staunch the blood. Ehrenfried tries to say something but can't produce a single word. He dies in his brother’s arms. Giinther, enraged and desperate, grab his gun and runs over to the door, standing with his back to the wall just next to it. He's ready to run outside... when a salvo of machine gun fire smashes through the thin walls of the warehouse. Pinpricks of light create a graphic depiction of the holes made in the wall by the bullets. And suddenly we see blood appear at four places on Giinther's uniform: the bullets have also gone through his body. He slumps down the wall, dead.
18) 0) text: Kurt is still standing in the garden, staring skywards. Now the Allied planes are returning home. The fires have spread, and the city of Dresden is burning in the distance like the vision of hell by Hieronymus Bosch.
18) 1) text: INT. MAY FAMILY HOUSE - DAY - 8th MAY 1945 INSERT TITLE: 8*? May 1945 Kurt, 13 years old, no longer a child and not yet a man, is gazing with his steel-grey eyes through a crack in the drawn curtains of the living room window. Waltraud and Malvine are sitting at the table, listening to the radio. There are three other women with them.
18) 3) dialog: (strangely calm) They are here.
19) 0) text: Kurt has climbed a tree and is gazing straight into the bedroom. He can't look away. He sees the picture alternatingly in and out of focus: His mother lying on the bed with the private. The sergeant watching with an expression of interest. EXT. ROOF OF DRESDEN TOWN HALL - DAY -— LONG SHOT The Soviet flag is raised on the tower of the bombed Dresden Town Hall in the Old Market, to the cheers of the onlooking Russians. Beneath the sculpture of Bonitas with her outstretched arms we see the completely ruined city.
24) 0) text: Kurt's father, visibly aged, is wearing a greasy suit. His hair is neatly combed, he is shaved, and he is sitting with his hat in his lap, also at a desk in a 34 simple office. He forces a smile. It's a job interview. Facing him is a German SCHOOL PRINCIPAL with a Communist Party badge on the lapel of his jacket.
28) 1) text: Kurt is sitting high up in a tree, gazing across a field. Silent, contemplative, watchful, the way we now know him. CLOSE-UP of Kurt's face. Suddenly we see his expression lighten, his mood change as an insight strikes him. He straightens up. The insight remains. He opens his arms wide. LONG SHOT: displaying great agility, Kurt climbs down from the tree. Even his gait has changed: slower, more deliberate and self-contained now. He strides towards the CAMERA. Suddenly, possessed by exuberance, he starts running towards the CAMERA and then out of the shot. EXTREME LONG SHOT: Kurt runs across the fields. CLOSE-UP: as he runs and jumps his expression is one of sheer bliss, the kind of emotion seldom granted to anybody in a lifetime.
29) 0) text: When Kurt gets back to the house he is breathless, serene and inspired. His father is sitting at a plastic table by the door, trying to repair an electrical appliance. The components are spread out in front of him. When he sees Kurt approaching he gives him a weary, affectionate wave.
29) 1) dialog: (euphorically) Father! You don't have to worry any longer! Now I understand!
29) 5) dialog: I never have to worry again, never have to be afraid again. I am untouchable.
29) 7) dialog: No, Father, you don't understand... You don't have to worry either. I don't even have to be an artist any more. I can choose any profession and will still find the Truth! Johann picks up his dog and strokes it; it's hard to say who looks more disheveled, Johann or the dog. In any case, he is as far removed from Kurt's spiritual state as could possibly be.
29) 9) dialog: I have to preserve this moment! He takes a picture of his father with the Pomeranian in his arms, another of his mother in her flower-patterned apron, and then runs back inside.
30) 0) text: Kurt is now 19 years old, a man, though since he is so slim and agile, he still has a boyish air. He is walking through a typical ruined street in the inner city of Dresden to his workplace, carrying a worker’s satchel. All around him the "rubble women" are hard at work clearing up the ruins from the war.
31) 0) text: Kurt races up the stairs of the building, slowing down at the second flight because the stairs are being cleaned: it's a hard job, involving a cloth and a bucket of water, and now we see that one of the two people doing this work is Kurt's father Johann. Kurt greets him briefly; this daily encounter may be a routine, but it is still uncomfortable for them both.
32) 0) text: Kurt is working at a long table, painting with incredible dexterity the words of a large banner: "The German Democratic Republic - Savior of Peace". On an adjoining table there is another banner: "Learning from the Soviet Union means Learning Victory." And: "Always Remember at Work: Your Aim is Achvieving the Five-Year Plan." Each of the letters is a meter high. Kurt, a burning cigarette between his lips, paints the letters freehand, while the others all use stencils.
32) 2) dialog: Do what?
32) 4) dialog: I do it because I can. He bends over the banner again.
33) 0) text: The others have gone. Figuring that he is now alone, Kurt puts away his brush with red paint, picks up a stick of charcoal and starts working on his own drawings, which have a Cubist/expressionist style. But the foreman is watching and now switches on the light in the room. Kurt quickly shoves the drawings out of sight under the sign and picks up a paintbrush. A small glass of paint tips over and spills onto the letters. Kurt quickly blots it off and finishes one of the letters. The foreman comes over to him.
33) 3) dialog: (cautiously) I'm content with this work. The foreman lifts up one end of the banner and pulls out the drawings; Kurt realizes there's no point trying to disown them. One of the sketches is a skull in the style of Picasso. Then three more skulls in Beckmann style. An erotic charcoal drawing that looks like something by Kokoschka, but next to it we see the contorted, broken body of a man. A third sheet of paper, looking like a blend of Odilon Redon and Kubin, shows a scary human face, hardly recognizable, with the body of an animal. 44 52. 53.
35) 24) dialog: I'll be along soon. But Max seems to know Kurt won't bother coming, so he turns and walks off. After a moment another student sticks his head round the door and triumphantly holds up two Faber Castell pencils, calling to Kurt.
37) 8) dialog: Your name is Elisabeth? She nods, smiling at his serious expression as he asks.
37) 10) dialog: A golden pheasant like you shouldn't use a normal ashtray.
37) 12) dialog: I completely agree. A walk? In the park? She looks bewildered.
37) 13) dialog: So I can correct my misapprehension?
38) 0) text: They are walking along side by side in silence. Sometimes he looks over at her. Elisabeth is increasingly surprised that he doesn't utter a word. 52 They come past a large building in ruins with a banner hanging on it, proclaiming in large letters: "Learning from the Soviet Union means Learning Victory". We see from a place where some paint was spilt onto it that it is the very banner Kurt painted himself. But he doesn't say anything.
38) 2) dialog: I wanted to go for a walk with you.
38) 5) dialog: Probably about as much as Lotte Ulbricht's is your kind of fashion. He is still gazing steadily at her.
38) 7) dialog: You remind me of someone.
38) 9) dialog: I don't know. Would you like to make a suit for me? She laughs. However, it isn't entirely clear whether he was joking.
38) 11) dialog: May I accompany you? Just to the door? 53 59. They walk through the ruins of Dresden until they come to an area of large villas and stop in front of a spectacular building from the late 19th century, Wiener Strasse 91. EXT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - CONTINUOUS There is a wooden sign at the door: Gret Palucca Dance School. Through the large windows we see couples dancing, and we hear jaunty music.
38) 12) dialog: You're taking dance lessons?
38) 14) dialog: Well, you haven't really proven me wrong about the golden pheasant thing.
38) 18) dialog: Goodbye... He falters. Thinking he has forgotten her name, she responds with an indignant laugh.
38) 20) dialog: Could I call you something else? Maybe you have a nickname?
38) 22) dialog: "Really" always means precisely the opposite is true.
38) 24) dialog: Goodbye, Ellie. Ellie walks through the gate into the garden, closes it behind her and turns back. He is standing there motionless, gazing at her.
38) 25) dialog: (to himself) Elisabeth.
39) 0) text: Kurt is sitting a the kitchen table, working on a drawing of Ellie in which she is smoking, looking seductively glamorous. He is also smoking, though with him it makes him look more like a proletarian. Next to him there is also a new sketch of the Seeband Villa in Wiener Strasse. The house also seems to have impressed him. His desk is very tidy. On an adjoining table we see a small collection of pictures that Kurt has cut out of newspapers, including one of the British Lancaster bombers, and one of a group of nurses that looks very similar to those in the sanatorium all those years ago. Alongside this are several works of literature bound in beige, with gold titles. Suddenly we hear a woman scream loudly. Then again. 55 61. Kurt leaps up and runs out, following the sound of the next scream and racing up the stairs to the attic. He pushes aside sheets and shirts that have been hung up here to dry, which are blocking his view. Finally he finds his mother standing in front of a laundry basket, and then he sees the body of his father hanging from a beam by a rope. Once again, his eyes blur the image. INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART -— STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY Kurt enters. Everybody turns to look at him. He walks over to his chair and sits in front of his easel. Max squeezes his shoulder. The professor approaches.
39) 2) text: - Kurt works on the painting through lunch. - Kurt gazes at the models with his steel-grey eyes. - As well as the male worker there is also a woman... looking less than dignified as she picks her nose. - Kurt peers critically at his painting. - Kurt paints over the face of the woman. - Kurt working into the night on his painting. - Professor Grimma comes round, looking at the students’ efforts. When he reaches Kurt he has to fight back his emotions and pats his young student on the shoulder appreciatively. - Close-up: Kurt has given the proud working woman, visible in profile next to the male, the face of Ellie. Her face is at precisely the angle that Ellie’s face was when he first saw her and sketched her. Even when he was looking at her, he had always been thinking of the completion of his painting...
39) 6) dialog: I'll never take it off.
39) 8) dialog: It's far too easy to love you. You're so beautiful, it’s almost unromantic. She laughs a little and hits him playfully with a pillow.
39) 9) dialog: Do you love me? She stops, taken aback by the question.
39) 10) dialog: Do you love me? Otherwise... It doesn't work... with me. She doesn't understand.
39) 11) dialog: Otherwise it doesn't work.
39) 13) dialog: (very openly) Really?
39) 18) dialog: What do you mean by that?
39) 20) dialog: (tenderly, serious, meaningful) No. She smiles. Suddenly the room is filled by the light from a car headlight. She freezes and listens. We hear voices. A door is OPENED. We hear the CRUNCH of gravel. Ellie sits up straight.
39) 22) dialog: I thought they lived in Chemnitz? She leaps over to the window, peers out cautiously: down below we see the figures of three adults, two women and a man, who have emerged from a car and are approaching the front door. She looks round. There is no key in the door, and there's no closet or any place where Kurt could hide. INTERCUT: close-up of highly polished men's shoes coming up the stairs.
40) 0) text: Kurt is having lunch with friends. Suddenly Ellie appears, wearing tight pants and a soft, light-blue pullover which emphasizes her figure. Kurt looks up at her and blushes. Ellie attempts to downplay her uncertainty by appearing confident, but the others assess the situation correctly, get to their feet and leave 60 making various excuses. Ellie sits down, determined not to allow any awkwardness between her and Kurt to develop.
40) 2) dialog: Did your parents...?
40) 5) dialog: But the dance school is there?
40) 9) dialog: But... your mother? Don't you think she might sense something?
40) 12) dialog: I've come about the sign. Is the room still to rent?
40) 14) dialog: Is that a yes? She beckons him inside and indicates a chair where he should sit. 69. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ENTRANCE HALL - CONTINUOUS
40) 18) dialog: (murmurs awkwardly) Kurt Barnert. She gazes at him with interest. Frau Hellthaler is still standing next to them.
40) 20) dialog: I'm a student.
40) 22) dialog: Painting.
40) 32) text: Kurt wants to be a painter.
40) 33) dialog: I am a painter.
40) 35) dialog: I'm not that kind of painter.
40) 37) dialog: A painter of pictures.
40) 39) dialog: Is there any other kind?
40) 42) dialog: Thank you, Herr Seeband.
40) 46) dialog: I... I’ve been out. Seeband sniffs briefly.
40) 51) dialog: Professor Seeband, about yesterday; of course I would never.. But Seeband doesn't want to hear this, retaining the upper hand as always.
40) 59) dialog: Why does even the most idiotic amateur snapshot have more reality than my painting?
40) 61) dialog: That's exactly the point. Hardly anybody likes a photograph of himself. Everybody is supposed to like a painting. The photograph must be truer. Kurt looks further through the album: photographs of Seeband with the staff of the clinic.
40) 62) dialog: Why did your father go to work in Chemnitz anyway? He was hospital director here before. Ellie seems reluctant to reply. Kurt waits it out.
40) 66) dialog: Today the Professor called me a Willi Sitte type artist.
40) 68) dialog: (scornfully, almost to himself Willi Sitte type... I think I have to get out of here.
41) 1) text: Professor Grimma intercepts Kurt at the entrance to the Academy of Art.
41) 3) dialog: A mural?
41) 5) dialog: I'm not a muralist.
41) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. That's not for me. That's pure decoration.
41) 9) dialog: It's not me.
41) 11) dialog: (whispers) No, don't move... Please. 72 She becomes motionless again, her cheek against his.
41) 12) dialog: (whispers) This way I can imagine that we are one body. For several moments they breathe in unison. Silence.
41) 14) dialog: (whispers) Then you fully belong to me now. She looks at him curiously; this isn't the reaction she had been expecting.
41) 15) dialog: (smiling gravely) With me, I mean. She rolls over to one side, kisses him and gazes into his eyes.
41) 16) dialog: We have to tell them. Ellie.
41) 18) dialog: I think your mother might have already guessed something...
42) 0) text: An elegant restaurant with thick carpet, livreed waiters and a string quartet. Ellie has even given Kurt a fashionable tie. Seeband is telling a medical anecdote.
42) 6) dialog: It's a fresco with the theme "Joy of Life".
43) 0) text: They are walking home, Ellie and her mother in front, Seeband and Kurt slightly behind. They have something to talk about.
43) 3) dialog: Cilia...?
43) 8) dialog: (with a huge effort) And if she were already pregnant?
43) 13) dialog: An... abortion?
43) 15) dialog: Here?
43) 17) dialog: Is it really the only way? Really?
44) 6) text: just as we are all only small wheels on a large train which, with the help of the Soviet Union, is moving steadily towards that great terminal station: Communism. Applause. Several people approach Seeband to congratulate him. Kurt, standing with Ellie near his painting, overhears two men who lean forward and study it through their glasses.
46) 1) text: A country inn that could almost be in Austria, with heavy wooden tables and a large terrace that has a beautiful view of the mountains of Saxony. Martha, Ellie, Kurt and Seeband are sitting at a table. Ellie is sitting with her father. She is resting her hand on his. Kurt is talking to Martha.
46) 7) dialog: Well, it looks as though he's landed on his feet again.
47) 1) text: Kurt, almost 30 years old, is again on a scaffolding painting a large mural: the Workers Uprising. This time in an even more impressive-looking official locale. In the hall below several party delegates are watching, clearly pleased with what Kurt is doing. His old friend Max is assisting him, mixing the paint from red pigment, linseed oil and chalk. Kurt hands Max the bowl of paint and indicates he should fill in the outline with color.
47) 3) dialog: How much would you give for my Wartburg?
47) 7) dialog: (skeptical) I thought for them "bourgeois" was good?
47) 10) dialog: Because none of that matters.
47) 12) dialog: The truth.
47) 14) dialog: (smiling) Me, me, me. Max has to laugh at this. He takes off one of his shoes, turns it over and pulls the heel to one side to reveal a secret compartment containing folded banknotes. He counts them. 88 97.
47) 17) dialog: Fine. Do you need canvases?
47) 19) dialog: In my studio - with pictures on them.
47) 21) dialog: Paint over them. All of them, please. Max is speechless.
47) 22) dialog: I don't want to see them again. Believe me. Nothing I've painted there is right.
47) 24) dialog: I expect other people will take care of that.
48) 0) text: INSERT TITLE: 13 March 1961 The border between East Germany and East Berlin: there is a barrier across the road, with barbed wire and a guardhouse. A Russian soldier in a jacket that is much too warm for the German weather crosses to Kurt's Wartburg, and Max hands him their IDs though the window.
48) 3) dialog: We are assistants at Dresden Art Academy, and we're going to a meeting at the School of Visual and Applied Art in Weissensee. The soldier opens the trunk of the car. It only contains two briefcases, though they are both very full. He opens the larger of them. It contains several of the beige leather volumes with gold titles we have seen previously in Kurt's possession. The soldier picks one of the books and opens it: the collected works of Thomas Mann. He opens the other briefcase. It's full of photographs: family photographs. The soldier extracts a few of them. We see Johann with ruffled hair and a pointed beard. A picture of the Seeband family at the beach, with Seeband holding his hands around his wife and daughter as if to protect them. We see Aunt Elisabeth with little Kurt. A group picture of nurses. And Uncle Giinther against a wal in Russia: that picture really did make it back. The soldier puts the photographs back in the briefcase, closes the trunk, signals that Max can drive on and then beckons the next car.
49) 5) dialog: Not for much longer.
50) 0) text: - Policeman in their ridiculous blue uniforms. - On a color TV in a shop for electrical appliances the weekly lottery draw is being televised. - The huge Refugee Center in Marienfelde, where Kurt and Ellie are allocated camp beds, next to them families with screaming children. - A government office (a desolate place even in West Berlin) where each new arrival is issued with a little Western money from a petty cash box. 91 101. 102. 103. 104 - Ellie, wearing a bra, is washing her only blouse in one of the many washbasins of the communal bathroom.
51) 0) text: Professor Grimma walks into the lecture theater looking cheerful. There is a letter on his desk. From Kurt. He opens it.
51) 1) dialog: Dear Professor Grimma. By the time you read this I shall be in the West. I couldn't talk to you about it before, because that would have involved you in a criminal act. You were always very good to me, so I hope you will believe I have not taken this decision lightly, and it was not done in the hope that I might one day be driving a fancy car. Professor Grimma is visibly moved. INT. MUSEUM FOR HYGIENE —- ENTRANCE HALL - DAY Uniformed Stasi officers stand guard as the Joy of Life mural is painted over by workmen using rollers on long handles to cover it with flat white. Another painter is applying the obligatory green horizon over the white at waist height.
52) 0) text: The same Stasi officers and the two party officials who watched Kurt paint the mural originally are now ensuring that everything is covered over. Several workmen are nailing wooden planks onto the wall. Right at the back we see Professor Horst Grimma. Almost in tears.
53) 3) dialog: 29. Almost 30.
53) 5) dialog: Diisseldorf?
55) 0) text: Kurt enters the Academy. A Porter is sitting behind the desk near the door; Kurt walks over to him and shakes the astonished man by the hand.
55) 1) dialog: Good morning. My name is Kurt Barnert. I phoned about a tour. The Porter gives Kurt a skeptical look (Kurt still has a lot to learn about etiquette here in the West) and points to the next door without saying a word.
56) 5) dialog: Painting... actually. Preusser laughs.
56) 9) dialog: An idea?
56) 11) text: (whispers to Kurt) Of course, it’s no good if someone had the idea first. Lucio Fontana has been slashing canvases for the last six years. What's the point of just repeating it? But Katrin has lovely firm breasts, so we let her do what she likes... They walk on through various studios, all linked like pearls on a string. One of the studios is particularly crowded. Here ADRIAN SCHIMMEL, a good-looking young man with fashionable black sunglasses, smooth black hair and sensuous lips, is standing in front of a wall of paintings which consist of repeated patterns in vibrant colors.
56) 19) dialog: Why?
56) 27) dialog: You don't believe it?
56) 36) dialog: (dryly) So this is one of those "ideas"? Preusser ignores him, because a very attractive young woman is standing in front of one sculpture, which looks like a small tree of nails.
56) 47) dialog: I wasn't able to bring anything with me.
56) 49) dialog: Painting.
56) 51) dialog: Yes.
56) 54) dialog: "Nobody has the intention" - always means precisely the opposite is true. Van Verten studies the photograph closely, speaking almost to himself.
56) 60) dialog: One step forwards, two steps back.
56) 62) dialog: Yes, but if I only knew what that is... She gives him a seductive look and unbuttons her blouse: she isn't wearing a bra underneath. She kisses him and quickly unfastens his belt...
57) 7) text: 113. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO -
60) 0) text: Ellie is standing naked at a washbasin, scrubbing the blood from her skirt while tears run down her cheeks. Suddenly, she collapes. Her body thuds against the door, breaking the flimsy lock. Two fellow seamstresses rush toward her, concerned. 117. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT It is dark in the apartment. Kurt opens the front door and turns on the light, surprised that nobody appears to be home. But then he sees Ellie sitting in a chair, motionless and pale.
61) 3) dialog: Lottery numbers... The other students laugh, thinking he's making a joke.
61) 4) dialog: No, really. The lottery numbers. If I say six numbers at random - 5, 7, 23, 29, 44, 11 - that's just stupid. But if I read you the winning numbers from the lottery... (picking up a newspaper from the desk of the student next to him) 2, 17, 19, 25, 45, 48 - then suddenly they have a true quality, something forceful, almost beautiful... More laughter, as if he had simply continued the joke. Van Verten looks very serious, almost as if he hasn’t been listening. Or as if Kurt's words have moved him deeply.
61) 5) dialog: (disconcerted) That was... my... insight. Van Verten fumbles around for a few more moments in his old leather briefcase. Then he looks up at the students.
61) 9) dialog: When?
61) 13) dialog: I'm married.
61) 15) dialog: At least there were a few nails in it. Preusser smiles angrily and hammers a little harder.
61) 16) dialog: (honestly) I just don't know whether it's good enough, what I'm doing. Somehow I feel it isn't.
63) 7) text: Kurt doesn't say a thing. He remains there, gazing at his pictures. Imitations. Without love. The janitor comes in to take out the trash.
63) 8) dialog: Herr Munster, a question. 112 (indicating the pictures) Can I throw these out with the garbage? The janitor looks round at all the canvases and frowns.
63) 10) dialog: Any idea how I can get rid of it?
64) 0) text: Kurt and Herr Miinster are alone in the courtyard. All Kurt's paintings have been dumped in a large construction container, doused in petrol and set alight. 125. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - DAY Kurt enters and turns on the fluorescent lights, which buzz as they come to life. But he only stands there, in front of his empty canvas, unable to paint a thing. 126. INT. DUSSELDORF ACADEMY OF ART - KURT’S STUDIO - NIG It is night now. Kurt turns off the light. He hasn’t painted a thing. He walks out. 127. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Kurt walks into the apartment. Ellie has been waiting and gives him a kiss on the cheek.
64) 2) dialog: Productive.
65) 1) text: 113 A BLURRED IMAGE which comes into focus. A _ still photograph of Carl and Martha Seeband, smiling on the balcony of their hotel in Positano, Italy. A slide. The Seebands are showing their holiday photographs. Seeband himself adjusts the focus of the projector. The family living room is in darkness. Ellie and her mother are sitting on the sofa. Kurt is on a chair slightly to one side, smoking. It's a fine, modern villa. Life is still good for the Seebands: only the style has changed. Beige carpets, modern Wagenfeld interiors. More slides are shown: Seeband and his wife on the beach, with big hats and exotic cocktails; in a Roman amphitheater; in front of the small Lufthansa plane that is going to bring them home; inside the plane - the 1st class cabin. Everything spells prosperity.
66) 5) text: Ellie and Kurt are sitting in silence on the wooden seats of the third class train compartment, digesting the evening as they travel home. Suddenly Ellie breaks the silence:
66) 7) dialog: Perhaps the job will help with that.
68) 0) text: A simple West German Italian restaurant. Seeband orders in Italian, for Kurt as well, and then hands the menus back to the waiter. He gets straight down to business, taking an envelope out of his slim leather document case, producing from inside it a form and a square of four passport photographs.
68) 5) text: Kurt, it's not too late for you to start something completely new. It just has to be something reasonable. You're a punctual fellow and not workshy. Perhaps something in Postal Administration. I was just reading that they're looking for young men. Becoming a civil servant wouldn’t be a bad idea at all. Seeband produces a silver cigarette case from his inside pocket, opens it and takes a cigarette; he then offers to Kurt, who also takes one.
68) 6) dialog: (startled by the realization) You smoke? Seeband lights his own cigarette and then Kurt's. He does so with great precision and elegance.
68) 9) dialog: May I? The man looks up briefly.
69) 7) dialog: I don't know either. But I think that's it.
69) 9) dialog: Sorry. He turns on the episcope, pointing it at the blank canvas. He puts a photograph under the episcope. We don't see what the picture is, but from his reaction we see that it doesn't have the effect he wants. He exchanges it for another photograph. Still no good. And another. Then he sees Seeband’s envelope on the table. He opens it and takes out the passport photographs. He looks at them and puts them underneath the episcope. That’s it. He starts painting. All four of the passport photographs in one picture. Seeband’s perfect poses, each very slightly different. He opens the large wooden shutters, and the room becomes bright again. He leaves one of the windows open to get some fresh air and gazes at the picture in the light of day. It's ready. He puts it with the other two: now he has three finished paintings. He looks more closely at the picture of Aunt Elisabeth. He sees one place where a brushstroke is not quite perfect and puts it back on the easel to fix it. A slight gust of wind causes one of the shutters to swing closed. In the darkness the projected passport photographs can suddenly be seen on the canvas alongside the picture of Aunt Elisabeth. For one eerie moment Aunt Elisabeth is standing next to Professor Seeband. Then the shutter swings back open. Aunt Elisabeth is all alone again. Kurt freezes. He crosses to the window, hesitates and then closes the shutter again, looking almost apprehensive. The pictures fit together curiously well. He places a fresh canvas on the easel and starts painting. Aunt Elisabeth and Professor Seeband, together again after 20 years. Once more, Kurt changes the image he is projecting on the canvases: now Burghard Kroll is projected over the picture. Almost like in a feverdream, the heads are so 121 138. 139 140. close that they seem to be born out of one another, the face of the accusing child in between. INT. KURT AND ELLIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Ellie and Kurt, now just as close together. He is lying on top of her, as they did so many years ago in Wiener Strasse. They are bathed in sweat, breathless. Kurt moves one arm slightly so his body covers hers precisely.
70) 10) dialog: (honestly) No idea. The spell has been broken.
71) 4) dialog: If you knew how beautiful you look right now.
72) 2) dialog: It's Sunday. There’s nobody here. I promise. Finally she steps out of the studio, looking nervous. She is completely naked. He leads her to the stairs, runs down to the floor below and stands on the landing, looking up at her.
72) 3) dialog: Please, there’s nobody here. Please, like yesterday. Please tell me again. And then come down the stairs. Ellie is hesitant at first but then resolves that if she's going to do this, she will either have do it with absolute dignity, or not at all.
72) 7) text: Kurt looks over at his friends almost shyly. They are engrossed in gazing at the picture.
74) 0) text: About 80 folding chairs have been set up on one side of the exhibition hall, facing a podium with a table covered in a black cloth and two chairs. Attendants guide the journalists over to the press conference. Kurt is sitting on the podium with the director of documenta, ARTHUR KASTNER. Ellie is standing at the back of the room, a one-year-old child in her arms: a little girl. Kurt smiles over at her. She raises the baby’s arm and waves back with it. Adrian Finck is standing next to Ellie, excited but happy. Arthur Kastner taps the microphone.
74) 3) dialog: Yes. Anybody who was expecting a longer explanation is disappointed. A sprinkle of laughter. Kastner takes it with good humor.
74) 5) dialog: No. It's just a snapshot. It doesn't really matter to me who I paint. The journalists murmur together.
74) 7) dialog: It's actually better if I don't know them. Sounds of astonishment.
74) 8) dialog: Then I see better what is really there.
74) 10) dialog: Yes.
74) 12) dialog: No. I don't make statements. I make pictures. Photographs. Photographs by other means.
74) 14) dialog: Not random. Real. Genuine. Consistent. Only reality is consistent. Every reality is consistent. him. A 129
74) 16) dialog: If I say six numbers now it’s just stupid, meaningless. But if the six numbers are the winning numbers from the lottery, then they mean something, they have coherence, value, almost beauty... and truth. That's how it is with the photographs. I want the truth. The journalists look impressed but also confused. Kurt gazes at them calmly with his steel-gray eyes. The baby begins to cry. Ellie tries to calm her, but she can see there's no point. She gives Kurt a surreptitious wave and walks off.
74) 19) dialog: No, I've had enough of them for a while. Right now I'm interested in color charts.
74) 21) dialog: Yes...
76) 0) text: Kurt comes out of the Fridericianum at night.
76) 2) dialog: I'd like to walk a bit.