35) 19) dialog: (to Kurt) You coming? 49 Kurt is so engrossed in his work that he doesn't reply.
35) 20) dialog: (annoyed, impatient) Can I at least have my cap back, then? Kurt hands it to him: he has painted Max’s Lenin-style cap to cover the head of the worker in his picture, thus creating a perfect example of socialist realism.
35) 21) dialog: What more do you want? Yes, your picture’s best. But Kurt is apparently still not content with it.
35) 22) dialog: Man shall not live from bread alone, you know? Kurt smiles but refuses to be distracted.
35) 23) dialog: ...but from ever pretty girl he might meet in the canteen, right?
37) 3) dialog: (determined) Don't even bother trying. She's mine. Watch and learn how it's done! Ignoring this, Kurt picks up from a nearby table a sheet of paper with a clothes pattern and starts folding it. Max has reached Elisabeth, but suddenly finds himself intimidated by the beautiful girl. She picks up the last of the pencils and looks at the labels.
37) 6) dialog: 2B, thanks. But what I'd like even more than a pencil is... Elisabeth has already turned to the next student.
39) 0) text: Kurt is sitting a the kitchen table, working on a drawing of Ellie in which she is smoking, looking seductively glamorous. He is also smoking, though with him it makes him look more like a proletarian. Next to him there is also a new sketch of the Seeband Villa in Wiener Strasse. The house also seems to have impressed him. His desk is very tidy. On an adjoining table we see a small collection of pictures that Kurt has cut out of newspapers, including one of the British Lancaster bombers, and one of a group of nurses that looks very similar to those in the sanatorium all those years ago. Alongside this are several works of literature bound in beige, with gold titles. Suddenly we hear a woman scream loudly. Then again. 55 61. Kurt leaps up and runs out, following the sound of the next scream and racing up the stairs to the attic. He pushes aside sheets and shirts that have been hung up here to dry, which are blocking his view. Finally he finds his mother standing in front of a laundry basket, and then he sees the body of his father hanging from a beam by a rope. Once again, his eyes blur the image. INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART -— STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY Kurt enters. Everybody turns to look at him. He walks over to his chair and sits in front of his easel. Max squeezes his shoulder. The professor approaches.
47) 1) text: Kurt, almost 30 years old, is again on a scaffolding painting a large mural: the Workers Uprising. This time in an even more impressive-looking official locale. In the hall below several party delegates are watching, clearly pleased with what Kurt is doing. His old friend Max is assisting him, mixing the paint from red pigment, linseed oil and chalk. Kurt hands Max the bowl of paint and indicates he should fill in the outline with color.
47) 2) dialog: (happily) Really? Max starts work. Kurt watches as he applies the paint with enthusiasm. Kurt looks at the painting itself: muscular workers in white shirts with familiar hammers and tools. Capitalist lackeys in black, suppressing them. Kurt shakes his head involuntarily at the sameness of it all. He watches his friend painting eagerly, contentedly. Kurt is pensive.
47) 4) dialog: Are you kidding me? Do you know how long a normal mortal has to wait to get a car like that? 87
47) 5) text: I just don't like it any more. 300 marks? Max gazes at him for long time, silent and serious; here has a good idea what his friend is planning.
47) 6) dialog: Kurt, in the West they even don't do painting any more. These days painting is considered bourgeois.
47) 8) dialog: (now uncertain) Oh, what do I know! Kurt laughs.
47) 9) dialog: Of course we all want to get rid of you. Of course we do. But you've got a life here. You have money. You're becoming famous. I mean... I get girls to go to bed with me because I'm your assistant. You can handle the apparatchiks like nobody else... Next year you're going to be 30, so you’re not so young anymore... You're... Why?
47) 11) dialog: Then what does matter?
47) 13) dialog: And who says what is true?
47) 15) dialog: 
47) 18) dialog: You mean you have some?
47) 20) dialog: What?!
47) 23) dialog: But what about the murals? Those you can't destroy.
47) 25) dialog: Alright, then at least let me drive you in my new car. (Kurt is about to object) Only to East Berlin, I mean.
48) 0) text: INSERT TITLE: 13 March 1961 The border between East Germany and East Berlin: there is a barrier across the road, with barbed wire and a guardhouse. A Russian soldier in a jacket that is much too warm for the German weather crosses to Kurt's Wartburg, and Max hands him their IDs though the window.