35) 1) dialog: Can you see that here somebody has abandoned all vanity and devoted himself entirely to the service of the cause? The service of the people? He allows the image to have its effect on them.
35) 2) dialog: Naturally we do not ask from you the coarse, naturalist "aesthetic" of fascism, which replaces art by kitsch in the most bourgeois fashion. Now he shows reproductions of fascist works of art by Arno Breker, Josef Thorak and Willy Kriegel.
35) 3) dialog: And naturally we do not want mechanical, photographic-style copies in naturalist mode. What we require from you, what we need from you, is a creative, analytical, realist style that arises from the union of reality itself and your artistic
35) 5) dialog: Naturally we are well able to differentiate between a Salvador Dali, this supporter of Hitler and Franco who elevates schizophrenia and paranoia to a higher level of existence... 46 He depicts postcards from the West showing Dali's dream pictures: burning giraffes, the skin of a face on stilts, William Tell’s gigantic phallus growing out of his backside.
35) 6) dialog: and a passionate anti-fascist like Pablo Picasso, who created powerfully realistic pictures demonstrating a genuine solidarity with the working classes... He now shows some of Picasso's earlier works: the barefoot girl, the poor old man in the chair - but then he adds the Blind Man’s Meal and the Beggar with Child from Picasso's Blue Period.
35) 7) dialog: although he very soon slipped into a decadent, obscene formalism. Why? Because he wanted to be considered an innovator, not a traditionalist. Now he shows a series of Picasso pictures where color and form dissolve: breasts and tongues on the beach, female figures melting away.
35) 8) dialog: Innovation, creative independence, artistic freedom - words that initially sound extremely attractive to an artist. "Me, me, me." But a modern artist can only achieve real freedom if he serves the interests of the people. The "me, me, me" stance leads to misery. Professor Grimma looks up to see whether this point has been accepted and understood. He is extremely serious about everything he says.
35) 9) dialog: At best it will lead to being subsidized by decadent, wealthy "collectors", exploiters of the working man who delight in maintaining that they have nothing in common with the people, not even the same taste in art, and for whom art can therefore never be perverse and absurd enough. 47 54. The professor seems passionate about this.
35) 10) dialog: Now, there are fashionable theories which claim that the condition of mental sickness is in a sense a higher state, so schizophrenics and paranoics can achieve spiritual heights within their madness that are not accessible to ordinary people. He shows some particularly "sick" paintings: nightmare landscapes made flesh in the works of Max Ernst, early works by Francis Bacon with their own shrill power.
35) 11) dialog: But these theories did not develop by chance. They are characteristic of an epoch of decadence, of the dis- integration of civil culture: decay, mysticism and pornography. Empty forms, artificial constructions, squares, lines, circles, globes and dice. All that, just in order to be considered an "innovator"? Yes, it's innovative, it's new. But it's also wrong. And vain. And stupid. Undemocratic. Decadent. Don't be like that. Be different. Be different. INT. DRESDEN ACADEMY OF ART - STUDENTS’ STUDIO - DAY Several students are working at their easels on pictures of the scene that has been set up in front of them, a muscular working man is leaning on a heavy hammer.
35) 16) dialog: Is this a kindergarten or what?! The professor walks around, looking at the students’ efforts and becoming increasingly irritated.
35) 17) dialog: Yes, I'm beginning to think it is... The pictures really aren't anything special, awkward first-year attempts. But when he comes to Kurt's easel he stops. Pleased, he beckons the worker, who comes over and studies the picture of himself.
39) 1) dialog: You could have taken off a few days more, Kurt. Kurt shakes his head, picks up his brush and starts mixing the paint. He looks over at the worker who is again standing in front of them as a model. Kurt starts painting.
39) 2) text: - Kurt works on the painting through lunch. - Kurt gazes at the models with his steel-grey eyes. - As well as the male worker there is also a woman... looking less than dignified as she picks her nose. - Kurt peers critically at his painting. - Kurt paints over the face of the woman. - Kurt working into the night on his painting. - Professor Grimma comes round, looking at the students’ efforts. When he reaches Kurt he has to fight back his emotions and pats his young student on the shoulder appreciatively. - Close-up: Kurt has given the proud working woman, visible in profile next to the male, the face of Ellie. Her face is at precisely the angle that Ellie’s face was when he first saw her and sketched her. Even when he was looking at her, he had always been thinking of the completion of his painting...
41) 1) text: Professor Grimma intercepts Kurt at the entrance to the Academy of Art.
41) 2) dialog: (excitedly) 71 78. Your diploma work convinced the committee. They have selected you to paint the mural for the new Museum of Hygiene. The theme is “The Joy of Life Under Socialism.” (friendly, making a confession) It's a job I think some professors would also have liked.
41) 4) dialog: Yes.
41) 6) dialog: Kurt, we both know you can do it.
41) 8) dialog: (bewildered) You would immediately have guaranteed work. Even money.
41) 10) dialog: (disappointed) Me, me, me. The professor walks off. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT Kurt and Ellie are lying completely motionless, Kurt on top of her, their arms outstretched on both sides. Each part of one body is touching the corresponding part of the other. They are still breathing heavily. Kurt now moves his hands slightly so that each last one of his fingers is precisely on top of hers. She kisses him.
51) 0) text: Professor Grimma walks into the lecture theater looking cheerful. There is a letter on his desk. From Kurt. He opens it.
52) 0) text: The same Stasi officers and the two party officials who watched Kurt paint the mural originally are now ensuring that everything is covered over. Several workmen are nailing wooden planks onto the wall. Right at the back we see Professor Horst Grimma. Almost in tears.