1) 0) text: Close on the pilot, RUSSEL ALLEN PHILLIPS—"“PHIL"”. Droning engines. Phil’s head bobs with the motion of the plane. The copilot: HUGH CUPPERNELL. Scanning the sky for enemy aircraft. The top turret gunner: STANLEY PILLSBURY. He looks out: his view to one side, of the accompanying planes on his wing, pans forward, over his own plane’s cockpit and nose, to the ocean before us. A point-of-view straight down at whitecaps racing underne US a The view is through the hatchmarks of a sight of som ind. Extremely close on a blinking eye. Close on the bombardier, LOUIE ZAMPERINI. He raises his h from his Norden bombsight, looks forward through the bell bubble, squints at something dead ahead. Above him, nose gunner ROBERT MITCHELL scans the sky. Back to Phil, the pilot. He also reacts to something dead aheaa. His view: a small island in the middle of the vast ocean. He speaks into his radio:
4) 3) dialog: We got no flaps. So, basically, we got no brakes.
4) 5) dialog: Five hours. If we can make it that far. The runways over six thousand feet but we’re gonna need 10,000 without brakes. Louie looks back into the damaged plane. The light stream through the bullet holes, cutting through the smoke.
20) 0) text: Louie is standing in the tail of the screaming B-24. The parachute packs are tied to the .50 cal mounts. Louie hol cord in each hand. He and the others prepare to crash lan Shouted over the engine and wind: PHIL’S VOICE We're coming in pretty hot! 120! 40 4l 42 43 44 29 Harry, leaning back where we left him, eyes open, weakly responding. Mac at his side. In the cockpit: Phil works the yoke. Shrieking wind bumps at the cut. The damaged plane wants to flip. Even Cup’s strength can’t help keep it level. They struggle. Phil final puts his feet on the yoke and puts his weight into to hold it level. (He really did this) His point-of-view: landing strip rushing up, lined by par planes.
20) 3) dialog: 
31) 0) text: From aft Louie heads for Harry, as do Phil and Cup from forward.
34) 3) dialog: Damn shame they cancelled the Tokyo Olympics.
34) 7) dialog: That’s a lot of ocean.
36) 0) text: Phil flying, looking out. Cup next to him.
36) 1) dialog: Feels like sittin in the living room trying to fly the house.
36) 3) dialog: Lieutenant says it’s airworthy. “It's been certified,” he says.
37) 0) text: The cockpit, as Louie crowds in and hands the binoculars Cup.
37) 3) dialog: Or waddles. If you will. Okay, the duck walks into a bar. He says, gimme a creme de menthe-- A THUNK initiates shuddering.
37) 4) dialog: Whoa!
37) 8) dialog: Okay. Number one is out. Other engines are burning more fuel. Louie looks out the left window. Violent shaking.
37) 10) dialog: Yeah, yeah. (Calling out) Hey! Engineer. Come to the cockpit and feather the engine. ENGINEER appears. (We will not identify this crew member name out of respect for the family as his mistake was par responsible for the crash and many deaths.) Pilot and copilot are both working controls.
37) 15) dialog: That’s all we got on the right! The Engineer flips a plastic guard with four featherin buttons and due to the shaking he hits button #2, NOT hh. The plane lurches violently.
37) 16) dialog: Damn it!
37) 18) dialog: Everything on the right! Phil pushes the two working engines full on.
37) 24) dialog: This is it.
39) 0) text: Cockpit: Screaming wind. Cup at yoke. Water surface rushi up.