104) 5) dialog: (beat) Of course none of this explains the. . . erratic behavior. Louie sees COMMANDER FITZGERALD. He is laying down writin his make shift journal. A man with the confidence of the leader that he is. Fitzgerald gives Louie a welcoming smi and nod. Louie notices that Fitzgerald's fingernails have been removed.
104) 6) dialog: They were looking for some answers.
104) 8) dialog: (smiling) Not a thin (He offers his damaged hand to Louie) Commander Fitzgerald. 153 155 82 EXT. OMORI BARRACKS — MORNING 153 Louie and the other POWs are run into the compound and li up. Louie looks around for The Bird. He can’t see him but can sense him. He must be lurking in the shadows, watchin Not knowing where he is, is even more unnerving for Louie
106) 0) text: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against Louie: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards placed beside the Running Guard. Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch fro the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins. The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. T Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begin a aCK. He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too wea The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fi clenched in anger. The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer. The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie continue to push himself toward the finish line. Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignati almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something els He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him. Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.
106) 3) dialog: He’s tracing so we can return it before the Japs find out. He has most of the war mapped out. Fitzgerald checks in with Harris who shows him something.
106) 4) dialog: to Louie) Americans have taken Saipan. Allies are gaining ground. Louie watches Harris hide the copies in a slat in the wal Blackie takes the newspaper to return it. 160 Blé1 85
107) 0) text: Fitzgerald listens in on Guards speaking privately in Japanese.
110) 0) text: Later in the day. Louie and Fitzgerald are carrying two buckets slowly across the yard. The Bird and the other Gu are in geep discussion (in Japanese). Fitzgerald listens as he slowly walks past. The Bird notices. He then looks Louie who nods and smiles as if carrying shit is his favo thing in the world. The Bird just stares.
111) 0) text: We are on the ocean-side of the man-made island that is t camp. A rock with some elevation is the dumping point for the sewage. It is slick with spattered sewage of previous day Louie and Fitzgerald empty buckets off the edge. Louie pauses. He looks out, into the wind. Ocean. Lots of ocean. The pounding of waves.
112) 0) text: Smash cut to a Japanese guard yelling. Lead by The Bird, the Guards go through the men’s things. They find Louie’ $ picture and toss it on the floor. Not they re looking for. They turn over the beds and rip up t planks. One guard signals to The Bird. He has found something. Harris's maps. The Bird studies them. He glances at Fitzgerald. His rage grows. Harris is ripped from his bed.
114) 2) dialog: Then they shoot you.
114) 4) dialog: That’s not how we beat the bastard. We beat him by making it to the end of the war alive. That’s how we do it. That's our revenge.
114) 8) dialog: Who says you’re not? Louie’s face in the shadows. Covered by darkness.
127) 6) dialog: Sir, we can not do that. The Bird screams an order to the guards who hold Fitzgera back. The Bird screams and points. Harris is pulled out o the line up and brought to him. The Bird raises his stick strikes. Fitzgerald watches in horror. Harris can’t possi take anymore. Fitzgerald looks at Louie.
130) 0) text: Close on Fitzgerald's “shocked” face in make-up. Very Fellini. Tinker is singing up a storm. The soldiers are laughing. We reveal they are watching the other soldiers performing Cinderella in drag. Fitzgerald, Tinker and The Scots are giving grand performances. Japanese soldiers are also laughing. Louie is in the back row in a dark mood. Thinking of The Bird. His eyes wander to Kano’s gun. The Bird begins passing out candies. 191 101 He walks up and sits next to Louie. The Bird smiles at Louie as if they are simply two men at bar; as if they are friends. Louie feels like he’s ina strange dream. Harris is seated behind him. He is not the same since the beating. The Bird leans over and whispers in Louie’s ear. Louie flinches, expecting to be hit.
136) 2) dialog: I wouldn't get too excited... (knowingly) (MORE )
136) 4) dialog: If the Allies win- the Japs issued kill-all orders. I overheard them. (Pause) We win, we’re dead. ON LOUIE: Struggling to figure a way out of this nightmar Bombs are landing close by. One building bursts into flames. There is a smoldering crater near it. Two Guards are frantically working a pump, filling a buck The POWs wander, looking up: Silvery undersides of B29s heading for the gity, 2 raked searchlights, going through ghostly puffs of f The Guards at the pump shout and gesticulate for Louie an the other POWs to come help. Out of the background pandemonium, a whistling noise grow Louie looks up, tries to place it. As it grows louder:
136) 5) dialog: Down! Down! Close on Louie, hitting the deck, covering his head with arms. A huge explosion shakes the earth. Phosphorescence. The light fills the frame- 200 201
137) 0) text: CLOSE ON LOUIE: His head down, his arms over his head. Two hands come in and shake him awake. He turns over in h bunk to see Fitzgerald.
137) 1) dialog: (to all Grab your kit! They’re moving us out.
137) 3) dialog: I don’t know, some new camp. Tokyo Ritz. Louie swings his legs out, sits up in his threadbare clot looks sround with his hands splayed empty in his lap, blinking.
144) 0) text: Louie and the new arrivals trudge into the compound and a lined up in front of a shack. They are told to stand at attention by Guards with rifles. Freezing, Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker and the new POWs wait The wind from the sea whips around their faces. At last t door to a rusty, corrugated shack by the main gate opens. JAPANESE COMMANDER steps out:
145) 0) text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald, Miller, Harris and other POWs enter their two story barracks, on the edge of a cliff overlooking a straight drop to the Hokura River. The sea wind whistles through the cracks in the walls. Holes in t roof makes it snow indoors. Infested with fleas, lice, an rats trotting about the room. Beds are planks nailed to t wa Ss. 209 109 Mattresses are loose rice straw. Floorboards have been pu up for fire wood, creating huge gaps in the floor. CLIFT, Aussie POW leads the way.
146) 0) text: A BARGE heaped with coal for the steel mill. Six of the P have shovels. The Bird and Kono oversee the Guards orderi the POWs to shovel the coal into LARGE BASKETS that are strapped to the backs of other POWs, including Louie. Louie notices how shaky the planks are they are forced to carry the coal up. Louie hauls the heavy coal_up the plank to a railroad car along with Fitzgerald and Tinker. 210 211 110
147) 0) text: Days later. Ants. From a distance, all the POWs look like ants. It’s hard to find Louie, and the others, as everyone is s covered in coal they have lost their identity. We find them carrying sacks of coal up the side of the cl Louie looks down. The stairs are narrow and they are 50 f above the ground. The sack of coal weighs heavy on Louie. Sweat pours down face, streaking through the layers of soot. The line slows. Louie looks ahead. A POW, a few men forward is collapsing drops to his knees. The weight of the coal pulls him off stairs and he falls to his death. Louie, Fitzgerald and the others continue on as if nothin has happened. They are numb.
154) 0) text: A few POWs hiking down to the river, break from their lin begin taking off their clothes and running into the water Louie slowly peels off his clothing, as he watches: The Guards standing with their guns. They look menacing a the POWs in the river. Their hands gripping their rifles. Louie wades into the river near Tinker and Fitzgerald. POWs scattered throughout the river are bathing as the Gu stand on the riverbank with their rifles. But Tittle by little, the POWs throughout the river start to question t “gift of the river bath”. One by one, they stop scrubbing bathing...touching the arm of the POW next to them, to ta notice of the Guards standing with their rifles, staring them in the river. SILENCE. Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker, Miller, Harris and th POWs stand motionless in the river, all eyés focused on t Guards staring at them with malevolent intent. THEN THEY HEAR IT: Guards and POWs alike. It is the growl a distant aircraft engine. They all turn to the sky: POWs see nothing at first in the overcast sky: Then, burs through the clouds: A TORPEDO BOMBER in the distance. Louie stands to face the on-coming Bomber, bracing himsel die. Tinker, Fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves. As the POWs and the Guards watch, the Bomber dives, level off, skims over the water. Louie and the POWs can see inside the plane: the Pilot is standing. And on each side of the fuselage, under the win A BROAD WHITE STAR. IT IS AN AMERICAN BOMBER. The plane’s red light is blinki message in Morse code. Fitzgerald near Louie can read the coded message. He crie
154) 1) dialog: The war is over...It’s really over.