1) 3) text: At eight thousand feet; this is it boys. Stanley at the helm of his twin .50’s. MAC, the tail gunner in firing position. CLARENCE DOUGLAS and HARRY BROOKS, waist gunners, are rea
1) 4) dialog: You hit this one and drinks are on me. Louie: His look drops back down into the bombsight. Through the bombsight: the point-of-view starts straight down, then tips slowly up to bring the oncoming island in the crosshairs.
1) 11) dialog: Bay doors open.
3) 0) text: Louie watches as a vast cloud of smoke billows upward. When the smoke clears-- A Zero is flying aggressively rig towards the Superman. Right toward Louie. Mitchell (above Louie) begins to fire. The Zero fires bac Louie reacts as bullets pierce the bombardier’s bubble. H tenses, not sure which way to lean, in the completely exp space. Mitchell’s bullets hit the Zero. Louie grabs a photo taped to the now-broken glass and jam it in his pocket. (We will later know the importance of t picture) He grumbles as he starts crawling out of the bel Louie crawls out from his position into the center of the plane. Mac is firing at two Zeros. Harry is firing at another. Stanley is firing at a couple more. Suddenly- CRACK. A bullet hole opens in the bubble just behind his head. He turns. A Zero is on his other side bearing in on him at 45 degre guns firing. Much firing, inside and out. Bullets chink through the me of the plane. Stanley keeps firing. Below him, as he’s kneeling he sees Zeros through the ope bomb bay doors. More bullets pierce the plane. Bullets fl from the plane. We see the Belly Gunner in the suspended bubble in a fire fight with a Zero. Bullets pierce the bubble. 5-6 Louie grabs the medical bag and climbs across the catwalk get to the Belly Gunner. More gunfire. Harry fires laterally. BOOM!— a cannon roun strikes nearby and the concussion slams his head against wall. His goggles shatter. He reaches up to take off the goggles. Bullets from his target plane stitch him up. Harry’s down. (end slow motio Louie races toward him, pulling him away from his station the opposite wall. As he stabilizes Harry and administers morphine, Louie notices Mac at the tail gun shooting down a Zero. He also sees Douglass-- leg shot and bloody but he stands strong shoots back. Louie straps Harry down and makes his way back to the fro of the plane. BAM!— a very big explosion— a hole rips open in the side the plane. Cockpit: Phil struggles to right the plane. 7 Plane: Stanley recovers his target and fires. Bullets streak through the Superman from every direction Sea and sky are now visible throughout the prane-- 9 gash everywhere. Bullets fly. Each moment the holes multiply. Louie looks up. Stanley, in the top bubble, looks intently out, hands ten on Gans o ready for a target to appear. One of his legs i shredded. He keeps shooting, not missing a beat. In the rectangle of exterior view a Zero enters from aft, climbing. 10 Pillsbury bangs the high speed rotator of his turret. The turret grunts to life, whirling Pillsbury around ninety degrees. The Zero reaches the top of it’s arc, leveling o and speeds directly towards Superman. Pillsbury can see the pilot who could end his life. Pills sucks ina sharp | breath and fires. He watches the tracer skim away from his guns muzzle and punch through the cock of the Zero. The windshield blows apart and the pilot pit forward. The Zero folds onto itself like a wounded bird. All quiet, except for wind whistling through all the different-sized holes punched all over our aircraft. Suddenly, the last Zero comes up from below, the sound of fire, and the Zero falters and falls. Clarence Douglas, standing at the waist gun with his thigh, chest, and shou torn open, brings it down. Louie looks down. Through the slit of the bay doors, not yet fully closed, Zero spiraling away.
20) 0) text: Louie is standing in the tail of the screaming B-24. The parachute packs are tied to the .50 cal mounts. Louie hol cord in each hand. He and the others prepare to crash lan Shouted over the engine and wind: PHIL’S VOICE We're coming in pretty hot! 120! 40 4l 42 43 44 29 Harry, leaning back where we left him, eyes open, weakly responding. Mac at his side. In the cockpit: Phil works the yoke. Shrieking wind bumps at the cut. The damaged plane wants to flip. Even Cup’s strength can’t help keep it level. They struggle. Phil final puts his feet on the yoke and puts his weight into to hold it level. (He really did this) His point-of-view: landing strip rushing up, lined by par planes.
31) 0) text: From aft Louie heads for Harry, as do Phil and Cup from forward.
31) 3) text: 52 31 As Louie approaches Harry he realizes he is dead. Louie a the others share a moment of silence.