104) 4) dialog: (not too loud) Because he listens, and if he heard us_using the names we'd like to call him, he’d kill us. 1 MILLER lth Apparently e grew up wealthy spoiled. Wanted to be an officer. Expected to be, too. Was denied. A great humiliation for him, not making the grade.
106) 0) text: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against Louie: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards placed beside the Running Guard. Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch fro the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins. The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. T Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begin a aCK. He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too wea The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fi clenched in anger. The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer. The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie continue to push himself toward the finish line. Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignati almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something els He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him. Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.
112) 0) text: Smash cut to a Japanese guard yelling. Lead by The Bird, the Guards go through the men’s things. They find Louie’ $ picture and toss it on the floor. Not they re looking for. They turn over the beds and rip up t planks. One guard signals to The Bird. He has found something. Harris's maps. The Bird studies them. He glances at Fitzgerald. His rage grows. Harris is ripped from his bed.
130) 0) text: Close on Fitzgerald's “shocked” face in make-up. Very Fellini. Tinker is singing up a storm. The soldiers are laughing. We reveal they are watching the other soldiers performing Cinderella in drag. Fitzgerald, Tinker and The Scots are giving grand performances. Japanese soldiers are also laughing. Louie is in the back row in a dark mood. Thinking of The Bird. His eyes wander to Kano’s gun. The Bird begins passing out candies. 191 101 He walks up and sits next to Louie. The Bird smiles at Louie as if they are simply two men at bar; as if they are friends. Louie feels like he’s ina strange dream. Harris is seated behind him. He is not the same since the beating. The Bird leans over and whispers in Louie’s ear. Louie flinches, expecting to be hit.
138) 0) text: The gates close behind the Officers. Guards yelling and moving them forward. A devastated Tokyo is beyond the bay The Omori Guards have bayonets in their guns. A column of prisoners being led away from the camp. Mille assisting Harris, who seems unsure of what is happening.
145) 0) text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald, Miller, Harris and other POWs enter their two story barracks, on the edge of a cliff overlooking a straight drop to the Hokura River. The sea wind whistles through the cracks in the walls. Holes in t roof makes it snow indoors. Infested with fleas, lice, an rats trotting about the room. Beds are planks nailed to t wa Ss. 209 109 Mattresses are loose rice straw. Floorboards have been pu up for fire wood, creating huge gaps in the floor. CLIFT, Aussie POW leads the way.
154) 0) text: A few POWs hiking down to the river, break from their lin begin taking off their clothes and running into the water Louie slowly peels off his clothing, as he watches: The Guards standing with their guns. They look menacing a the POWs in the river. Their hands gripping their rifles. Louie wades into the river near Tinker and Fitzgerald. POWs scattered throughout the river are bathing as the Gu stand on the riverbank with their rifles. But Tittle by little, the POWs throughout the river start to question t “gift of the river bath”. One by one, they stop scrubbing bathing...touching the arm of the POW next to them, to ta notice of the Guards standing with their rifles, staring them in the river. SILENCE. Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker, Miller, Harris and th POWs stand motionless in the river, all eyés focused on t Guards staring at them with malevolent intent. THEN THEY HEAR IT: Guards and POWs alike. It is the growl a distant aircraft engine. They all turn to the sky: POWs see nothing at first in the overcast sky: Then, burs through the clouds: A TORPEDO BOMBER in the distance. Louie stands to face the on-coming Bomber, bracing himsel die. Tinker, Fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves. As the POWs and the Guards watch, the Bomber dives, level off, skims over the water. Louie and the POWs can see inside the plane: the Pilot is standing. And on each side of the fuselage, under the win A BROAD WHITE STAR. IT IS AN AMERICAN BOMBER. The plane’s red light is blinki message in Morse code. Fitzgerald near Louie can read the coded message. He crie