5) 2) dialog: Tonio! She is giving Anthony a look: don’t do that! Anthony returns Louise’s look with one of his own: What? was misbehaving! Louie looks from one to the other, then back up at the Priest. 11
9) 5) dialog: Liquor! Toots? What did you do? Why would you do this?
11) 2) dialog: Mother Mary please watch over my family. And watch over Louie. 16-17 It is hard to read Louie's expression. But he is listenin jaw set. 23 18
18) 6) text: Louie running. His point-of-view: the field ahead. Other-team runners, three of them, are in front of him. Louie, running. Gaining. The three runners seem to be drawing together in front of him. But the two wings are falling back slightly. Louie, among the three runners. They are boxing him in. Their feet. Flashing legs. 38 26 The field ahead. No way out. Foreground blocked up, no space. Their feet. The runner to Louie’s right stomps on Louie’s right foot. Louie staggers, off balance. Anthony sees his son stumble The runner just in front of Louie, glancing back, slowing Legs. Cleats, from the runner just in front of Louie, rak his shin, drawing blood. Louie, reacting, stumbles-- then tries to move outside. Point-of-view: his father in the stands through a gap in runners and ahead: upcoming turn. Louie has an opening. He gives it all he’s got and pushes through His legs, huge strides, right shin bleeding. Louie in front now, increasing distance between himself a the other runners. Anthony and Louise are on their feet. Final straightaway. More speed. Crossing the finish line: after Louie passes, a pan down spattered blood on the white line. Pete checks the stopwatch, He throws his hat down with pu excitement. They’ve done it!
41) 0) text: Pete, Louise, Anthony and his sisters listen to the Olymp Games on the radio.
59) 0) text: Louise opens her eyes, sensing the body-language around her. She looks at the radio.
59) 2) dialog: Pietro, cosa dice? Pete, focused on the radio, can’t answer.
124) 0) text: Anthony, Louise, Sylvia and Virgina have heard the news. cry tears of joy. 180 181 95
157) 0) text: Close on- Louie kissing the ground. (Possibly the shadow B24 bomber over him.) Louie stands up and looks at the sea of people and press. Bursting through the crowd are Louise gfeta wearing Louie airman’s wings pin), Anthony, Pete, via and Virginia.