1) 3) text: At eight thousand feet; this is it boys. Stanley at the helm of his twin .50’s. MAC, the tail gunner in firing position. CLARENCE DOUGLAS and HARRY BROOKS, waist gunners, are rea
3) 0) text: Louie watches as a vast cloud of smoke billows upward. When the smoke clears-- A Zero is flying aggressively rig towards the Superman. Right toward Louie. Mitchell (above Louie) begins to fire. The Zero fires bac Louie reacts as bullets pierce the bombardier’s bubble. H tenses, not sure which way to lean, in the completely exp space. Mitchell’s bullets hit the Zero. Louie grabs a photo taped to the now-broken glass and jam it in his pocket. (We will later know the importance of t picture) He grumbles as he starts crawling out of the bel Louie crawls out from his position into the center of the plane. Mac is firing at two Zeros. Harry is firing at another. Stanley is firing at a couple more. Suddenly- CRACK. A bullet hole opens in the bubble just behind his head. He turns. A Zero is on his other side bearing in on him at 45 degre guns firing. Much firing, inside and out. Bullets chink through the me of the plane. Stanley keeps firing. Below him, as he’s kneeling he sees Zeros through the ope bomb bay doors. More bullets pierce the plane. Bullets fl from the plane. We see the Belly Gunner in the suspended bubble in a fire fight with a Zero. Bullets pierce the bubble. 5-6 Louie grabs the medical bag and climbs across the catwalk get to the Belly Gunner. More gunfire. Harry fires laterally. BOOM!— a cannon roun strikes nearby and the concussion slams his head against wall. His goggles shatter. He reaches up to take off the goggles. Bullets from his target plane stitch him up. Harry’s down. (end slow motio Louie races toward him, pulling him away from his station the opposite wall. As he stabilizes Harry and administers morphine, Louie notices Mac at the tail gun shooting down a Zero. He also sees Douglass-- leg shot and bloody but he stands strong shoots back. Louie straps Harry down and makes his way back to the fro of the plane. BAM!— a very big explosion— a hole rips open in the side the plane. Cockpit: Phil struggles to right the plane. 7 Plane: Stanley recovers his target and fires. Bullets streak through the Superman from every direction Sea and sky are now visible throughout the prane-- 9 gash everywhere. Bullets fly. Each moment the holes multiply. Louie looks up. Stanley, in the top bubble, looks intently out, hands ten on Gans o ready for a target to appear. One of his legs i shredded. He keeps shooting, not missing a beat. In the rectangle of exterior view a Zero enters from aft, climbing. 10 Pillsbury bangs the high speed rotator of his turret. The turret grunts to life, whirling Pillsbury around ninety degrees. The Zero reaches the top of it’s arc, leveling o and speeds directly towards Superman. Pillsbury can see the pilot who could end his life. Pills sucks ina sharp | breath and fires. He watches the tracer skim away from his guns muzzle and punch through the cock of the Zero. The windshield blows apart and the pilot pit forward. The Zero folds onto itself like a wounded bird. All quiet, except for wind whistling through all the different-sized holes punched all over our aircraft. Suddenly, the last Zero comes up from below, the sound of fire, and the Zero falters and falls. Clarence Douglas, standing at the waist gun with his thigh, chest, and shou torn open, brings it down. Louie looks down. Through the slit of the bay doors, not yet fully closed, Zero spiraling away.
20) 0) text: Louie is standing in the tail of the screaming B-24. The parachute packs are tied to the .50 cal mounts. Louie hol cord in each hand. He and the others prepare to crash lan Shouted over the engine and wind: PHIL’S VOICE We're coming in pretty hot! 120! 40 4l 42 43 44 29 Harry, leaning back where we left him, eyes open, weakly responding. Mac at his side. In the cockpit: Phil works the yoke. Shrieking wind bumps at the cut. The damaged plane wants to flip. Even Cup’s strength can’t help keep it level. They struggle. Phil final puts his feet on the yoke and puts his weight into to hold it level. (He really did this) His point-of-view: landing strip rushing up, lined by par planes.
25) 0) text: Landing gear churns up chunks of macadam_ that hammer—THUNGKTHUNGK-THUNGKTHUNGK-the belly of the plane.
34) 5) dialog: Wrap it up speedy. We got a mission.
37) 26) dialog: Glassman—provision box.
67) 0) text: Louie’s head bursts out of the water into bright sunlight He’s coughing up water and blood. Round him the oil and s from the downed bomber. He looks around. The ocean surface is slicked with iridescent oil and gree hydraulic fluid. A human sound. Louie looks. Phil, dazed, has a hold of a floating tank. He wears no M West: Blood’comes down his face, in pulses from somewhere above his hairline, and is washed away as water slops ove him. Mac, also without a Mae West, hangs on with him. 95 48 Louie: a panicked look around. In the opposite direction: an inflated yellow raft, bobbi drifting away.
68) 0) text: Louie has a raft pocket open and is taking an inventory o the supplies: Hershey chocolate bars, half pint tins oF water, a brass mirror, a flare gun, sea dye, fish hooks, fishing line, air pumps, raft patch kits. A set of pliers with a screwdriver in the handle. Mac is pressing his shirt on Phil’s wound. He watches Lou but doesn’t speak. He’s in shock. Suddenly-
68) 1) dialog: Glassman didn’t make it. peat) Cup didn’t make it--
68) 3) dialog: We’re gonna die. 50
68) 5) dialog: They don’t know where we are.
68) 7) dialog: (in panic) They’1l never see us.
68) 9) dialog: We’re going to die and you damn well know it!
69) 0) text: The three men lying in the raft. The raft peacefully bobs. Louie still holds the compress Phil’s head. Phil’s eyes are shut: sleeping. A thunk. Louie tenses. Mac is panicky:
69) 1) dialog: What was that? A quiet beat as both men wait, listening. Another thunk, and the raft jostles. Hands on gunwhales, Louie looks carefully over the edge. Dark water. Hard to see. But a dark shape retreats just under the surface of the water. Louie’s eyes track it away until it is lost. His look hol out. Then his look tracks something back in: The dark shape, returning. As it disappears under the boat, it bumps its underside again. 100 52 We fade as he closes his eyes. Under the fade, one last fading-away thunk. ..
69) 10) dialog: It doesn’t matter. Louie is too shocked to be angry. His tone is almost childlike:
70) 0) text: Bright day. The three men wear their shirts like hooded capes, protec themselves as best they can from the sun. Reality has set in. They will most likely die here. Mac breaks down crying. No one moves or says a word.
74) 0) text: They heat of the sun pounds down on the men. The tins of water are all empty. The condition of the three men has drastically changed af weeks at sea. Their upper lips are burnt, cracked, ballooning so dramatically that they almost obscure their nostrils. The bodies are slashed with open cracks, after exposure to th elements. The men are emaciated. Mac’s breathing is louder, raspier 58-59 Louie pulls out the picture of his family. It fills him w deep sadness. He has to put it away before he cries. 60
75) 0) text: Louie, Mac and Phil are gazing up at the stars.
79) 0) text: Finally, the shark comes close. Louie pounces. He grabs i tail, Phil grabs Louie and together they pull the shark o of the water, into the raft. 63 Phil and Mac jump on it as it twists and thrashes. Louie stabs its eye with the screwdriver until the thrashing st Panting, the three men lie on the dead shark. Moments later - Phil and Louie and Mac eat the shark’s li
81) 0) text: The plane flies on past. The sharks are back, almost on the thrashing bodies of th men. Desperately they haul themselves back into the raft. Louie is the first to flop back onto the raft; he helps P and Mac in; all panting. They hear the plane again. It’s coming back.
83) 0) text: The exhausted men continue with what little energy they h left. Mac stands ready with his oar. We can see this figh has taken a lot out of him. 125 126 67
84) 0) text: Louie is near the canvas bowl, stretched out. Mac lies with his head on Phil’s lap, not moving. The thr are barely alive, their flesh almost transparent, their b visible. They speak slowly, not much energy left. Quizzin each other to keep alive.
84) 6) dialog: Still here. What you gonna make for breakfast, Zamp?
84) 8) dialog: Your mother’s gnocchi.
84) 10) dialog: Am I gonna die? After a moment-—
84) 12) dialog: You think, tonight?
84) 14) dialog: Yes, sir. I think tonight. Louie and Phil shuffle their weakened bodies until they’r lying on either side of Mac, their arms round him.
87) 0) text: Louie looks at Phil. How frail and emaciated he is. He th looks up into the heavens. Into the clouds. Beautiful clo It’s almost as if he can hear music. The sounds of angels coming from the heavens.
88) 0) text: Wide on the raft. Close on Louie. Face-up, barely conscious, emaciated, sun-dazed. Bobbing, sloshing. Very quiet. We hold on him for a long time. It is difficult to tell i he is even breathing. A shadow cuts his face. Louie fights his eyes open, fights to focus. Sun and shad travel in bars across his face. 131 70 His point-of-view, looking steeply up: metal hull, topped rail, gliding along, traveling orizontally across the fra The sun pouring in at us is cut rhythmically by rail-post Louie, looking. His point-of-view: the ship continues to slide by. But no a person at the rail, looking down at us. He slips off; another person. And’ another. Sailors, all looking down a us. Japanese. All holding rifles pointed at us. Louie. He painfully wets his lips. He works his tongue, preparing to speak. Then:
106) 0) text: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against Louie: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards placed beside the Running Guard. Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch fro the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins. The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. T Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begin a aCK. He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too wea The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fi clenched in anger. The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer. The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie continue to push himself toward the finish line. Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignati almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something els He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him. Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.