118) 1) dialog: In America they say, Zamperini dead. A blur of faces talking to him. RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D) They tell your family you died in war. Slowly the images resolve. Louie is sitting in The Bird's office, holding onto his bruised head. The two radio men wearing business suits, and seem unconcerned by Louie’s condition. The Bird sits with them, equally unconcerned. RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D) NBC Radio tell America, famous Olympic runner Zamperini is dead. The words sound familiar. Like the men at Kwajalien. Loui takes in what they’re saying, but he doesn’t understand w He glances up at The Bir He wants to kill him.
118) 2) dialog: You want to tell family you are not dead? The Bird sees Louie’s confusion. He wants to be helpful.
118) 5) dialog: We have program go all over world. It is name ’Postman Calls’. The Bird cups a hand in front of his mouth as if talking microphone, acting out what Louie can say.
120) 2) dialog: Of course! 175 93
126) 1) dialog: You were good. Very good. They put a paper before him. RADIO TOKYO MAN 2 (CONT’D) You can speak on radio again. Louie looks at the paper. Shakes his head.
126) 3) dialog: Why not?
126) 5) dialog: THEY say that. He gestures to across the room to a table of American men sitting in the cafeteria. (It’s been a tong time since we have seen healthy Americans.) Louie can’t believe his eye 96 RADIO TOKYO MAN 1 (CONT’D) American like you. They make broadcasts. They live here, very comfortable. Good food. One of the POWs looks up and meets Louie’s eyes. He sees anguish there. God knows what hell they’ve been through t agree to this. The silent message they’re sending him is: don’t do this.
126) 6) dialog: They have lovely food. Louie feels sick.
126) 7) dialog: You want to go back to camp? At the thought of returning to The Bird, Louie can hardly speak.
126) 9) dialog: You make broadcast? Louie can hardly believe he’s making this decision. He lo at the speech in the man’s hand.
127) 8) dialog: Sir.. Louie, full of fear and adrenaline eggs him on. ; LOUIE . ; Do it! Come on! Get it over with. He steps forward and hits Louie, pulling his punch. The B shrieks with rage, striking him with his stic