104) 0) text: The new prisoners stream into a tong: narrow, barrack building. Double bunks on either side of a narrow aisle. old timers are in here, stretched out on their bunks. Louie and Tinker look on as The Scots, led by BLACKIE, un stolen goods from everywhere inside their clothing: léng cloth tubes down trousers and sleeves are full of sugar, tobacco leaves, flour. They stash the plunder in secret compartments behind wooden’ planks. 81 Louie can’t help but smile a little. Blackie gives hima look. He doesn’t warm easy to new people. A British soldier, MILLER, notes Louie’s bloody bruises.
104) 1) dialog: I see you’ve met the Bird.
104) 7) dialog: Didn't get any though did they?
106) 0) text: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against Louie: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards placed beside the Running Guard. Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch fro the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins. The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. T Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begin a aCK. He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too wea The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fi clenched in anger. The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer. The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie continue to push himself toward the finish line. Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignati almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something els He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him. Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.
145) 0) text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald, Miller, Harris and other POWs enter their two story barracks, on the edge of a cliff overlooking a straight drop to the Hokura River. The sea wind whistles through the cracks in the walls. Holes in t roof makes it snow indoors. Infested with fleas, lice, an rats trotting about the room. Beds are planks nailed to t wa Ss. 209 109 Mattresses are loose rice straw. Floorboards have been pu up for fire wood, creating huge gaps in the floor. CLIFT, Aussie POW leads the way.
154) 0) text: A few POWs hiking down to the river, break from their lin begin taking off their clothes and running into the water Louie slowly peels off his clothing, as he watches: The Guards standing with their guns. They look menacing a the POWs in the river. Their hands gripping their rifles. Louie wades into the river near Tinker and Fitzgerald. POWs scattered throughout the river are bathing as the Gu stand on the riverbank with their rifles. But Tittle by little, the POWs throughout the river start to question t “gift of the river bath”. One by one, they stop scrubbing bathing...touching the arm of the POW next to them, to ta notice of the Guards standing with their rifles, staring them in the river. SILENCE. Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker, Miller, Harris and th POWs stand motionless in the river, all eyés focused on t Guards staring at them with malevolent intent. THEN THEY HEAR IT: Guards and POWs alike. It is the growl a distant aircraft engine. They all turn to the sky: POWs see nothing at first in the overcast sky: Then, burs through the clouds: A TORPEDO BOMBER in the distance. Louie stands to face the on-coming Bomber, bracing himsel die. Tinker, Fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves. As the POWs and the Guards watch, the Bomber dives, level off, skims over the water. Louie and the POWs can see inside the plane: the Pilot is standing. And on each side of the fuselage, under the win A BROAD WHITE STAR. IT IS AN AMERICAN BOMBER. The plane’s red light is blinki message in Morse code. Fitzgerald near Louie can read the coded message. He crie
155) 0) text: A PACKAGE is dropped from the sky, bursting open with can peaches. Widen to see a message to the American planes, spelled ou lime on the ground. It reads: “DROP HERE”. Camera pans the enormous amounts of food and supplies previous planes have dropped. The men feasting on the goo THE SCOTS collecting and eating food. Pockets full. A TIME MAGAZINE is found in the care package. Its cover i the HIROSHIMA MUSHROOM CLOUD. They study it. Silent. Fitagerald, Miller, Tinker and Clift (seeing him clean fo the first time) share a smoke. Louie is nowhere to be found. EXT. THE BIRD’S OFFICE - NAOETSU - DAY A226 Wide of the cement tower to The Bird’s office. The small figure of Louie climbing the steps.