1) 0) text: Close on the pilot, RUSSEL ALLEN PHILLIPS—"“PHIL"”. Droning engines. Phil’s head bobs with the motion of the plane. The copilot: HUGH CUPPERNELL. Scanning the sky for enemy aircraft. The top turret gunner: STANLEY PILLSBURY. He looks out: his view to one side, of the accompanying planes on his wing, pans forward, over his own plane’s cockpit and nose, to the ocean before us. A point-of-view straight down at whitecaps racing underne US a The view is through the hatchmarks of a sight of som ind. Extremely close on a blinking eye. Close on the bombardier, LOUIE ZAMPERINI. He raises his h from his Norden bombsight, looks forward through the bell bubble, squints at something dead ahead. Above him, nose gunner ROBERT MITCHELL scans the sky. Back to Phil, the pilot. He also reacts to something dead aheaa. His view: a small island in the middle of the vast ocean. He speaks into his radio:
1) 1) dialog: We. . . are. .. here. Cup reacts, tensing after many soporific hours of flying.
1) 6) dialog: (radio voice Ya got it, Louie? Louie is squinting down into the sight.
1) 8) dialog: Pilot to bombardier, your ship. Phil flips a switch.
1) 15) dialog: Pilot to bombardier, roger. Outside there is a pulse of white light and an orb of fi Lou made a perfect drop.. the shack was a fuel depot whic further destroys the island's phosphate.
1) 16) dialog: Just like Christmas.
3) 0) text: Louie watches as a vast cloud of smoke billows upward. When the smoke clears-- A Zero is flying aggressively rig towards the Superman. Right toward Louie. Mitchell (above Louie) begins to fire. The Zero fires bac Louie reacts as bullets pierce the bombardier’s bubble. H tenses, not sure which way to lean, in the completely exp space. Mitchell’s bullets hit the Zero. Louie grabs a photo taped to the now-broken glass and jam it in his pocket. (We will later know the importance of t picture) He grumbles as he starts crawling out of the bel Louie crawls out from his position into the center of the plane. Mac is firing at two Zeros. Harry is firing at another. Stanley is firing at a couple more. Suddenly- CRACK. A bullet hole opens in the bubble just behind his head. He turns. A Zero is on his other side bearing in on him at 45 degre guns firing. Much firing, inside and out. Bullets chink through the me of the plane. Stanley keeps firing. Below him, as he’s kneeling he sees Zeros through the ope bomb bay doors. More bullets pierce the plane. Bullets fl from the plane. We see the Belly Gunner in the suspended bubble in a fire fight with a Zero. Bullets pierce the bubble. 5-6 Louie grabs the medical bag and climbs across the catwalk get to the Belly Gunner. More gunfire. Harry fires laterally. BOOM!— a cannon roun strikes nearby and the concussion slams his head against wall. His goggles shatter. He reaches up to take off the goggles. Bullets from his target plane stitch him up. Harry’s down. (end slow motio Louie races toward him, pulling him away from his station the opposite wall. As he stabilizes Harry and administers morphine, Louie notices Mac at the tail gun shooting down a Zero. He also sees Douglass-- leg shot and bloody but he stands strong shoots back. Louie straps Harry down and makes his way back to the fro of the plane. BAM!— a very big explosion— a hole rips open in the side the plane. Cockpit: Phil struggles to right the plane. 7 Plane: Stanley recovers his target and fires. Bullets streak through the Superman from every direction Sea and sky are now visible throughout the prane-- 9 gash everywhere. Bullets fly. Each moment the holes multiply. Louie looks up. Stanley, in the top bubble, looks intently out, hands ten on Gans o ready for a target to appear. One of his legs i shredded. He keeps shooting, not missing a beat. In the rectangle of exterior view a Zero enters from aft, climbing. 10 Pillsbury bangs the high speed rotator of his turret. The turret grunts to life, whirling Pillsbury around ninety degrees. The Zero reaches the top of it’s arc, leveling o and speeds directly towards Superman. Pillsbury can see the pilot who could end his life. Pills sucks ina sharp | breath and fires. He watches the tracer skim away from his guns muzzle and punch through the cock of the Zero. The windshield blows apart and the pilot pit forward. The Zero folds onto itself like a wounded bird. All quiet, except for wind whistling through all the different-sized holes punched all over our aircraft. Suddenly, the last Zero comes up from below, the sound of fire, and the Zero falters and falls. Clarence Douglas, standing at the waist gun with his thigh, chest, and shou torn open, brings it down. Louie looks down. Through the slit of the bay doors, not yet fully closed, Zero spiraling away.
4) 2) dialog: Okay. We’re still flying. But we have no hydraulics.
20) 0) text: Louie is standing in the tail of the screaming B-24. The parachute packs are tied to the .50 cal mounts. Louie hol cord in each hand. He and the others prepare to crash lan Shouted over the engine and wind: PHIL’S VOICE We're coming in pretty hot! 120! 40 4l 42 43 44 29 Harry, leaning back where we left him, eyes open, weakly responding. Mac at his side. In the cockpit: Phil works the yoke. Shrieking wind bumps at the cut. The damaged plane wants to flip. Even Cup’s strength can’t help keep it level. They struggle. Phil final puts his feet on the yoke and puts his weight into to hold it level. (He really did this) His point-of-view: landing strip rushing up, lined by par planes.
20) 2) dialog: Still too fast. Cup looking from Phil, back to: Louie tensed. Cup yells back:
22) 0) text: Phil: inside a paint-shaker. Fighting the steering. Louie: launched into the air. Chute ripcords fly from his hands and drop away.
24) 0) text: Phil thrown to the side.
30) 1) dialog: (simply) Okay. Hardly a reaction for a man who just successfully landed plane under such circumstances. Gotta love Phil. 51
31) 0) text: From aft Louie heads for Harry, as do Phil and Cup from forward.
32) 0) text: Hours later - Louie stands alone in front of the remains the Superman. The light of late day blasts through the 59 bullet holes in the plane. Looking at it now, it really i miracle it landed. Louie notices Phil off in the distance sitting alone on t beach
33) 0) text: Phil sits in the sand, facing the surf, forehead pressed hands clasped together, his attitude dévotional. Behind him, sirens and activity from the crash-landing of minute ago. Louie, wobbly, walks up and, seeing Phil’s attitude, take respectful beat. Then:
33) 2) dialog: Busy before. Louie drops to the sand next to him.
33) 4) dialog: A lot of people do this. Long beat, Louie looking at Phil, who has dropped his hea back down’to his knucklés and cléses his eyes. The beat o sur Louie watches with interest. Finally:
33) 6) dialog: (good-natured, as he starts to rise) Uh-huh. He says my bombardier’s a dope. 53
34) 6) dialog: Not a combat mission. Rescue. - . . B-24 took off about noon yesterday. - »- . En route to Canton, and then Australia. Except they never made Canton. Never heard from him after takeoff so it’s assumed they ditched.
34) 8) dialog: (gesturing to the men in he back} It is. (BEAT) They got us some new crew. Louie looks at the new young faces. THE ENGINEER, GLASSMA and Others.
36) 0) text: Phil flying, looking out. Cup next to him.
36) 2) dialog: They've been taking spare parts off this thing for other planes. I’m surprised it’s still got an engine. 58 35
37) 5) dialog: Whoa there!
37) 9) dialog: Gotta feather it.
37) 12) dialog: Left! He looks out the window.
37) 14) dialog: More on the right!
37) 17) dialog: Okay. The plane is spiraling. 59 38
37) 20) dialog: Prepare to crash! Louie bolts from the cockpit. 59 The waist: men are struggling into Mae Wests. The shaking getting more violent still. Glassman climbs up from the b urret.
37) 25) dialog: Okay. Waist: Louie is dragging a pack from under a bulkhead.
39) 1) dialog: Brace— Louie with his head forward. As if in prayer —
67) 0) text: Louie’s head bursts out of the water into bright sunlight He’s coughing up water and blood. Round him the oil and s from the downed bomber. He looks around. The ocean surface is slicked with iridescent oil and gree hydraulic fluid. A human sound. Louie looks. Phil, dazed, has a hold of a floating tank. He wears no M West: Blood’comes down his face, in pulses from somewhere above his hairline, and is washed away as water slops ove him. Mac, also without a Mae West, hangs on with him. 95 48 Louie: a panicked look around. In the opposite direction: an inflated yellow raft, bobbi drifting away.
68) 0) text: Louie has a raft pocket open and is taking an inventory o the supplies: Hershey chocolate bars, half pint tins oF water, a brass mirror, a flare gun, sea dye, fish hooks, fishing line, air pumps, raft patch kits. A set of pliers with a screwdriver in the handle. Mac is pressing his shirt on Phil’s wound. He watches Lou but doesn’t speak. He’s in shock. Suddenly-
68) 13) dialog: Louie. ..
68) 15) dialog: I'm glad it’s you.
69) 0) text: The three men lying in the raft. The raft peacefully bobs. Louie still holds the compress Phil’s head. Phil’s eyes are shut: sleeping. A thunk. Louie tenses. Mac is panicky:
70) 5) dialog: Okay. Louie grabs the pliers. Mac and Phil watch as Louie rips the bird open. The men react to a stench from the opened bird. They hesitate over the specimen. PHIL (CONT’D I don’t know if I can do it. Another beat. Louie reaches in.
71) 2) dialog: Know what? He leans forward, to the provision pocket, and pulls out line.
71) 3) dialog: .- +. Maybe the fish won’t be as picky.
73) 1) dialog: This is how the Japs eat fish. Raw.
73) 3) dialog: Remember the Eddie Rickenbacker story in Life magazine? Him and his crew ran out of fuel over the Pacific. They were drifting in rafts for twenty-four days.
73) 5) dialog: They made it. But most of them lost their minds. 108 57
75) 0) text: Louie, Mac and Phil are gazing up at the stars.
75) 2) dialog: Yes, I do.
75) 4) dialog: Here’s the plan. (beat ) You go on doing the best you can. You ry to have some fun along the way Then one day it’s over. You e up and there’s an angel sitting at the edge of your bed, the angel says, you can ask me all those dumb questions now, because I’ve got the answers.
75) 6) dialog: That’s what I believe. Moments pass in silence. Mac stares out into the darkness. 112 113 61
76) 0) text: 30 foot swells. The men are now all in one raft, white knuckling it to hold on and not get tossed. The second ra is tied further from them in the distance. Phil closes his eyes in silent prayer.
77) 0) text: The storm rages into the night. The men hold on tight as rafts are swept up and down on the huge swells. EXT. RAFT -— PACIFIC OCEAN DAY #22 113 Drops of water wake Louie. As if an answer to his prayer, the heavens open and rain pours down. The men throw back their heads, spread their arms, and open their mouths. The rain falls on them. It soothes their skin, washes the salt and sweat from their pores, and slides down their throats. A sensory explosion 114 62 They pull out the empty tins to collect water. Louie and Phil: they ar are frantically trying to slide a out of its canvas shea Once the pump is clear Louie takes the sheath and rips on seam open down most of its length. It is now a triangular piece of canvas that dips down to center where the seam remains intact. It is, in effect, a large bowl. The men hold it open to collect rain, trying to stead: themsetves and the receptacle against the tossing action the ra Phil begins to pull in the second raft. Later - the men cleaned, hydrated and silent. Each man wi his own private thoughts.
79) 0) text: Finally, the shark comes close. Louie pounces. He grabs i tail, Phil grabs Louie and together they pull the shark o of the water, into the raft. 63 Phil and Mac jump on it as it twists and thrashes. Louie stabs its eye with the screwdriver until the thrashing st Panting, the three men lie on the dead shark. Moments later - Phil and Louie and Mac eat the shark’s li
80) 0) text: Burning sun. DOWN to find the rafts, the men deteriorated further. Full beards, skeletal faces. Louie is removing Phil’s bandage.
80) 1) dialog: How is it?
80) 3) dialog: We beat Rickenbacker’s record. Four days ago.
81) 2) dialog: I can't. He’s just too weak to move. Louie slides back into the wa Bullets shower the ocean around the raft.
82) 2) dialog: If the Japs are this bad, we might even win this damn war. Mac moves. Looks round. Sees the plane has gone. Then they hear the air hissing out of the raft. Water is filling up the bottom. One raft left, the other is shot t shit and already completely deflated. Louie hunts out the patch kits. The others search out the holes. Every time they move another hole is uncovered, hissing out air. And all the time the sharks are circling Phil grabs an air pump, screws it to a valve, and starts pumping. Bubbles push out of bullet holes, Louie works on @Pp ying patches, using the edge of the mirror to rough u the rubber round the hole before applying glue and patch. Phil keeps pumping hard. Suddenly a shark lunges up out of the water, mouth open, right at Louie - An oar sweeps past Louie’s head, striking the shark back the water. It’s Mac, come back to life. He beats the sharks with fur and power we’ve not seen in him before. Mac goes on swinging his oar, whacking at the sharks. Mac continues hitting the sharks away as Phil pushes the against his chest, inflating the raft.
83) 2) dialog: Saved your skinny ass. We see this means a great deal to Mac, though he hides it from the other men. Louie takes over the pumping. Later- 125 The sun goes down over the endless ocean. The men continu work into the night.
84) 0) text: Louie is near the canvas bowl, stretched out. Mac lies with his head on Phil’s lap, not moving. The thr are barely alive, their flesh almost transparent, their b visible. They speak slowly, not much energy left. Quizzin each other to keep alive.
84) 2) dialog: Uh.., the kid from Detroit... Gerhinger.
87) 0) text: Louie looks at Phil. How frail and emaciated he is. He th looks up into the heavens. Into the clouds. Beautiful clo It’s almost as if he can hear music. The sounds of angels coming from the heavens.
88) 2) dialog: Yeah.
89) 5) dialog: Land feels funny.
94) 0) text: Louie is being led back to his cell. As he passes Phil, also under guard: His tracking, panning point-of-view of Phil, looking up-quickly lost from sight.
96) 0) text: Three weeks have passed. Louie has been in the cell for a month. We find him in tucked into the corner. His beard h grown longer and his face has gone pale. But he seems stronger. He seems focused. He presses his face against the cold cell wall. As if try to connect to Phil. 142 143 144 76 Shouting close by: Louie braces himself as the door is fl open and a guard screams at him, the same word, over and over. Louie, uncomprehending. The guard keeps repeating, shouting, now showing by gestu that Louie is to stand. Louie knows he is being asked to to his death. He refuses. He fights. INT. LOUIE’S CELL/ CELL BLOCK - KWAJALIEN - DAY 142 The door opens and TWO GUARDS aggressively attempt to dra him out. Louie fighting the whole way. Finally, they overpower him and force him out. The light is almost blinding after days of confinement.
97) 0) text: Louie sees Phil, also being dragged, in equally bad shape They are scared as they are led out of the cell block. Louie still fighting, Phil seems to be quietly praying as preparing to die. Louie and Phil are being told to stand at attention. The Guards step away.
98) 0) text: Ocean. Sunlight. A dock. At it, a substantial ship. Looking straight down at water. A rough walkway bisects the frame, top to bottom. Men— bo blindfolded men— descend the gangplank. Louie and Phil, t hands tied but holding onto each other. The men are being loaded into canvas-topped trucks. Phil being pulled away. Louie and Phil hold tight, fighting ha not to be separated. CLOSE - on their hands ripped apart Louie is pushed to one truck, Phil to another.