99) 0) text: We are traveling, inside the truck with the prisoners. Th man closest to Louie is FRANK TINKER, dive bomber pilot a opera singer. Close on Louie trying to look from under his blindfold. H sees a lovely Asian woman on a bicycle.
99) 2) dialog: Must be.
99) 4) dialog: You wanted to come to Tokyo?
99) 6) dialog: Be careful what you wish for mate. 148 149 78
104) 0) text: The new prisoners stream into a tong: narrow, barrack building. Double bunks on either side of a narrow aisle. old timers are in here, stretched out on their bunks. Louie and Tinker look on as The Scots, led by BLACKIE, un stolen goods from everywhere inside their clothing: léng cloth tubes down trousers and sleeves are full of sugar, tobacco leaves, flour. They stash the plunder in secret compartments behind wooden’ planks. 81 Louie can’t help but smile a little. Blackie gives hima look. He doesn’t warm easy to new people. A British soldier, MILLER, notes Louie’s bloody bruises.
106) 0) text: The Guards have selected one amongst them to race against Louie: Louie - emaciated and weak - is hauled over by two Guards placed beside the Running Guard. Fitzgerald, Tinker, Harris, Miller and the POWs watch fro the side as a Guard fires his PISTOL and the race begins. The Japanese Guard takes off. Louie runs well at first. T Pows popes rise. They watch as he runs. But soon he begin a aCK. He tries to keep up, but he is too sick, his legs too wea The Bird studies him. Louie falls. He fights to stand. Fi clenched in anger. The Japanese runner wins the race. The Guards cheer. The Bird, eyes on Louie, doesn’t smile. He sees Louie continue to push himself toward the finish line. Fitzgerald, Tinker and the POWs watch in silent resignati almost embarrassed for Louie. The Bird sees something els He sees Louie’s fighting spirit. It bothers him. Louie crosses the finish line. He lays down looking up at sky. Relieved. A shadow appears over him.
109) 1) dialog: You know I have to say...
109) 3) dialog: For a bunch of guys that don’t eat anything we sure can shit a lot. (beat ) I think that one’s mine. They all laugh. Miller vomits. 163 164 165 166 88
130) 0) text: Close on Fitzgerald's “shocked” face in make-up. Very Fellini. Tinker is singing up a storm. The soldiers are laughing. We reveal they are watching the other soldiers performing Cinderella in drag. Fitzgerald, Tinker and The Scots are giving grand performances. Japanese soldiers are also laughing. Louie is in the back row in a dark mood. Thinking of The Bird. His eyes wander to Kano’s gun. The Bird begins passing out candies. 191 101 He walks up and sits next to Louie. The Bird smiles at Louie as if they are simply two men at bar; as if they are friends. Louie feels like he’s ina strange dream. Harris is seated behind him. He is not the same since the beating. The Bird leans over and whispers in Louie’s ear. Louie flinches, expecting to be hit.
136) 1) dialog: B29s! Can’t be long now.
144) 0) text: Louie and the new arrivals trudge into the compound and a lined up in front of a shack. They are told to stand at attention by Guards with rifles. Freezing, Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker and the new POWs wait The wind from the sea whips around their faces. At last t door to a rusty, corrugated shack by the main gate opens. JAPANESE COMMANDER steps out:
145) 0) text: Louie, Tinker, Fitzgerald, Miller, Harris and other POWs enter their two story barracks, on the edge of a cliff overlooking a straight drop to the Hokura River. The sea wind whistles through the cracks in the walls. Holes in t roof makes it snow indoors. Infested with fleas, lice, an rats trotting about the room. Beds are planks nailed to t wa Ss. 209 109 Mattresses are loose rice straw. Floorboards have been pu up for fire wood, creating huge gaps in the floor. CLIFT, Aussie POW leads the way.
146) 0) text: A BARGE heaped with coal for the steel mill. Six of the P have shovels. The Bird and Kono oversee the Guards orderi the POWs to shovel the coal into LARGE BASKETS that are strapped to the backs of other POWs, including Louie. Louie notices how shaky the planks are they are forced to carry the coal up. Louie hauls the heavy coal_up the plank to a railroad car along with Fitzgerald and Tinker. 210 211 110
151) 1) dialog: Louie? Louie doesn’t answer.
151) 2) dialog: Louie? You alright? Still nothing. Louie is dead inside. EXT. NAOETSU POW CAMP —- DAY 215 The sun beats down as_ the men work. The Bird watches Lou He watches him struggle and sweat. Finally, he watches hi sit and rest his leg. He rushes over. 216 112
153) 2) dialog: (under his breath This is it. We’re dea Louie and the others believe Tinker is right. Most of the POWs start to exit. The Guards usher Louie and his gang, have no choice. They are led towards the tunnel. EXT./INT. -— TUNNEL - DAY A225 The men are being lead through the dark tunnel. Louie loo at the faces of the other men. 225 117
154) 0) text: A few POWs hiking down to the river, break from their lin begin taking off their clothes and running into the water Louie slowly peels off his clothing, as he watches: The Guards standing with their guns. They look menacing a the POWs in the river. Their hands gripping their rifles. Louie wades into the river near Tinker and Fitzgerald. POWs scattered throughout the river are bathing as the Gu stand on the riverbank with their rifles. But Tittle by little, the POWs throughout the river start to question t “gift of the river bath”. One by one, they stop scrubbing bathing...touching the arm of the POW next to them, to ta notice of the Guards standing with their rifles, staring them in the river. SILENCE. Louie, Fitzgerald, Tinker, Miller, Harris and th POWs stand motionless in the river, all eyés focused on t Guards staring at them with malevolent intent. THEN THEY HEAR IT: Guards and POWs alike. It is the growl a distant aircraft engine. They all turn to the sky: POWs see nothing at first in the overcast sky: Then, burs through the clouds: A TORPEDO BOMBER in the distance. Louie stands to face the on-coming Bomber, bracing himsel die. Tinker, Fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves. As the POWs and the Guards watch, the Bomber dives, level off, skims over the water. Louie and the POWs can see inside the plane: the Pilot is standing. And on each side of the fuselage, under the win A BROAD WHITE STAR. IT IS AN AMERICAN BOMBER. The plane’s red light is blinki message in Morse code. Fitzgerald near Louie can read the coded message. He crie
155) 0) text: A PACKAGE is dropped from the sky, bursting open with can peaches. Widen to see a message to the American planes, spelled ou lime on the ground. It reads: “DROP HERE”. Camera pans the enormous amounts of food and supplies previous planes have dropped. The men feasting on the goo THE SCOTS collecting and eating food. Pockets full. A TIME MAGAZINE is found in the care package. Its cover i the HIROSHIMA MUSHROOM CLOUD. They study it. Silent. Fitagerald, Miller, Tinker and Clift (seeing him clean fo the first time) share a smoke. Louie is nowhere to be found. EXT. THE BIRD’S OFFICE - NAOETSU - DAY A226 Wide of the cement tower to The Bird’s office. The small figure of Louie climbing the steps.