0) 18) dialog: Mom. It's fine.
0) 35) dialog: I thought you were gonna be Spiderman.
0) 37) dialog: (points at the arms) But the-
0) 39) dialog: (leering through window) Is Alice getting dressed?
1) 0) text: A bespectacled Skeleton, a Pierrot, and a Spider Man drag their pillowcases half-filled with candy and armaments. Chuck eyes a slow passing car as Auggie smokes a joint.
1) 1) dialog: «+. I’m just saying, if anything, a spider man should have eight arms, not four.
1) 3) dialog: I’m a Pierrot. A 17th century character from La Commedia Dell’arte, idiot stick. Stella sees porch lights beginning to turn off.
1) 5) dialog: He'll show. Dick Breath does it every year and this time it’1ll be his last.
1) 7) dialog: Do you even know what’s in those?
1) 9) dialog: The same toxic chemicals that’s giving our troops Hodgkin's lymphoma and curdling the breast milk of the South Vietnamese.
1) 11) dialog: Not crazy. Conscious. (passes joint to Stella) You sure you don’t want any? Cause you're creeping us out with this whole skeleton thing. She waves it off.
1) 13) dialog: (annoyed at Chuck) Dude. Chuck realizes his poor choice of words and backpedals --
1) 17) dialog: (lowers clown mask) Cover your face, stupid. And hold out the bait. Chuck dons his disguise, acting as if this were some kind heist. INSIDE ‘68 BONNEVILLE Kurt laughs with his kind, throwing beer cans out the win IN THE BACKSEAT -- Alice is all done up for her date, wed between two Lettermans. She swats their unwanted advances
1) 27) dialog: Ah shit!
1) 32) dialog: Your sister went out with that dickhead?
1) 35) dialog: Catch ‘ya later.
1) 42) dialog: You're in your underwear.
2) 6) dialog: All I saw were your sister’s tits. Ramén looks at Auggie in his rear-view mirror, unsure of exactly he is looking at.
2) 7) dialog: «.. I’m a Pierrot. Stella pulls herself into the passenger seat. Wiping her paint off.
2) 9) dialog: Mario, what?
2) 19) dialog: Forgive her. She’s strange. Chuck sees something out the window and ducks -
2) 24) dialog: No way that’s a trunk, at best it’s a large glove box.
2) 29) dialog: Who, Stella? (beat) Her family moved here about ten years ago. Not long after, her mom was killed. She doesn’t like to talk about it, but everyone pretty much knows it was her dad that did it- Ramén looks shocked. Auggie back peddles --
2) 30) dialog: He didn’t kill her- Not on like purpose. He was drunk. And driving. He swears it was someone else but no one really buys it. Not even Stell. This sits with Ramén. He looks at the trunk through the r view mirror, suddenly empathetic. -- A RAP on the window startles them. Auggie hides. Ramén cranks down his window to see Kurt leering in.
3) 5) dialog: We can lay low in the motel just outside of town?
3) 9) dialog: No way. We all know what happens to kids who go into the Bellows House.
4) 6) dialog: It was just a settlement until they dammed the river, allowing this place to flourish. My mom says they were a pretty big deal back then. They pass a FAMILY PLOT. Every single tombstone marks a d in 1921. Ramén double checks to see if he saw that right, then races to catch up with the others.
4) 9) dialog: Those demo bricks? Don’t sweat it, it’s not like they’re wired up. (stepping over) Better watch your step. They gingerly walk past the explosives.
4) 12) dialog: You did not. How did’ju get inside? 19.
4) 14) dialog: Now I’m gonna get you! Auggie chases Chuck --
7) 0) text: Auggie reluctantly walks the halls in search of Chuck.
7) 1) dialog: Chuck?... Chuck? He finds a tear in the wallpaper, then takes pleasure in PEELING it for as long as he can, exposing rotted panelin An INTRUSION of COCKROACHES squeeze through an exposed cr Disgusted, he delicately tucks the wallpaper back.
7) 2) dialog: I know what you’re trying to do, you’re not going to scare me. Auggie cautiously moves ahead, swallowing his fear.
9) 1) dialog: Chuck? If you jump out at me, I’m going to punch you in the face. As Auggie’s footsteps are heard approaching, Chuck quickl climbs inside a large 18th century FRENCH ARMOIRE. 22.
9) 3) text: In startled awe, Chuck opens the armoire further to witne A GAUNT MATRIARCH with a wide GREEN RIBBON around her nec lies sick in bed, ominously staring back. Chuck GASPS and seals the armoire doors. Unable to catch breath. Heart pounding. Did he see what he thought he saw goes to peek again, when-- Auggie THROWS open the doors and YELLS! Scaring Chuck whi
9) 4) dialog: I totally got you back! Chuck holds his beating heart, regaining his wits as he s the master bedroom HAS RETURNED TO ITS DECREPIT STATE.
9) 6) dialog: I know what you’re trying to do. I got you, and you can’t admit it.
10) 0) text: Chuck and Auggie enter the expansive library to find Stel and Ramén - with an ALCARAZ RUG pulled back, standing ove A CELLAR HATCH hidden in the floor. The lines of where a used to lay framed around it. A SLIDING BOLT locks it.
11) 3) dialog: This room's for a little kid. I thought Sarah was our age?
11) 7) dialog: Yeah. Let’s get outta here. As soon as they head toward the stairs --
11) 12) dialog: I can’t open it! But then - familiar LAUGHTER can be heard, coming from --
11) 17) dialog: I nearly shit my clown pants.
13) 5) dialog: It’s a nice dress. I mean, it still looks really good on you. Alice smiles --
13) 10) dialog: That’s just town gossip--
13) 14) dialog: (not buying it) It’s an old house - just built up water pressure --— 28. The vanity sink COUGHS UP gray water! Alice SCREAMS. Pipe RATTLE behind the CRACKING plastered walls. A pipe BURSTS from the wall, spraying Auggie!
13) 15) dialog: 
18) 0) text: Stella slams Chuck and Auggie’s locker before it can open
18) 2) dialog: You took the book?
18) 7) dialog: Halloween’s over. Can I please have 364 days of not dealing with your bullshit?
18) 11) dialog: (feigning scared) Oh my god. Kurt Dipplestine? Or maybe Kurt Rogers? I hope she wasn’t a fan of Kurt Douglas. (dismissive) (MORE )
18) 13) dialog: Even Dick Breath’s name is popular. It’s probably just a coincidence. Auggie opens the locker to grab his book, uninterested. Stella flips through the pages, hoping to make a case --
18) 16) dialog: Spooky. Sarah’s just as lazy as us. Alice and Ramén approach with books in hand.
18) 20) dialog: (suddenly intrigued) What exactly is in that story? Off their troubled looks -
19) 0) text: Ram6én raps on the screen door as Alice, Stella, Chuck an Auggie wait on the porch. After no answer, he knocks agai Chuck turns and catches sight of something OFF SCREEN.
20) 2) dialog: We just haven’t seen him around school, and were wondering if your husband or yourself had seen anything... unusual? Mrs. Milner gives a sour look, then --
20) 5) dialog: I don’t even know if I believe us. Chuck catches sight of Stella staring at the coffee table
22) 1) dialog: I don’t wanna say it - but maybe it’s good that he’s gone.
28) 6) dialog: (afraid to ask) What did you have for dinner?
28) 11) dialog: The Book came back.
28) 21) dialog: First Kurt... now Chuck... (angered) We have to stop her. We have to do something.
28) 23) dialog: I don’t know but I sure as hell ain’t gonna sit around and wait for my story to be written! There’s gotta be someway to stop a witch.
28) 25) dialog: Forgive me! A cursed witch --
28) 27) dialog: (mind races) What about the titles. To our stories. Maybe they’re clues...
28) 30) dialog: What about the rest of them?
29) 1) dialog: (to Alice) If she wants to pick us off one by one, we need to get ahead of it. Instead of waiting for the next story to happen...
29) 3) dialog: There’s gotta be answers... Ramon barely avoids a collision.
30) 1) dialog: No no no no noooo!
31) 0) text: Stella, Ramén, Auggie and Alice stand before what's left the Bellows Mansion. A backhoe compresses down on a remai awning until it buckles. Wood splinters. Glass breaks. A gaping hole left in the dead carcass of a house.
31) 6) dialog: The green ribbon -- the woman Chuck saw. 50.
31) 12) dialog: This isn’t a movie, dork. A glint of something OS catches Stella’s eye. Then the TINKERING of a familiar childlike-melody.
31) 14) dialog: Then let’s start digging. How ‘bout this? I’ll take these 100 acres. You got those 100 acres. I’m sure Alice is good with a shovel.
31) 16) dialog: Help? I’m trying to live. She studies the Music Box. Stella turns it over and finds is engraved with the name -- “ELOISE W”. 51.
31) 18) dialog: Yeah. Why?
32) 1) dialog: There’s two places dead people go to in this town. The cemetery, and Sunnyhaven.
33) 7) dialog: LouLou Walker? Can you hear us?
33) 19) dialog: Do you know what happened to the kids? The kids that she murdered?
36) 6) text: Stella cross references names as Ramén reads the Bellows Book, while Auggie looks for more research material.
36) 19) dialog: If it’s my name, don’t tell me. I, for one, don’t wanna know how I go. (beat) Look what I found. Stella sees a rare photo of SARAH BELLOWS in a hazel hosp gown, surrounded by a team of doctors, unsmiling. She is simple with a wide smile and unnatural curved spine
36) 23) dialog: Get this- This photo was taken the year before her whole family died. As Stella and Auggie extrapolate -- Ramén flips to an illustration in Sarah’s book that grabs attention. It’s entitled ‘HIGH BEAMS’ with an image of a scared woman behind the wheel and headlights following he
36) 25) dialog: Can you imagine being committed into a nut house at our age? Ramén looks up from the Book.
36) 29) dialog: (concerned) Where’s Alice? She should be here by now. Ramén turns to the next unwritten chapter - ‘The Red Spot The story still blank.
36) 32) dialog: It's okay. We weren’t worried.
36) 34) dialog: You look fresh to me... Alice beelines out, ignoring him. Auggie studies her illu Manner. Something is not right. 59.
36) 36) dialog: (to Ramén) I hope you're next. As they return to their research -- CLOSE ON: A small BEAD OF BLOOD drops onto the blank chap page of ‘The Red Spot’, creating... A RED SPOT.
36) 40) dialog: Ohhhh god... ohgodohgodohgod. BLACK INK seeps up through the page, bleeding into creepy imagery. The story slowly appears, word by word, like spiderweb being spun... Stella, Auggie and Ramén surround the book, anxious to re what is scrawled next...
38) 0) text: Stella and Auggie watch the cursed story unfold before th eyes as Ramén paces, stressed out.
38) 4) dialog: The washroom! Auggie bolts up from the table and races out. Stella thro look to Ramén - how selfish of you.
39) 1) dialog: 
40) 1) text: INT. HALLWAY —- LIBRARY - SAME TIME Stella, Ramén and Auggie charge down the hallway toward a door labeled WOMEN. Auggie hesitates for the briefest of moments -- then BUSTS in.
40) 2) dialog: Alice! INT. WOMEN’S WASHROOM —- LIBRARY -— CONTINUOUS They come to a stop.... It’s empty. Panic on their faces.
42) 0) text: Alice gets a closer look at the pimple when - it almost l like SOMETHING moved inside it. Her heart stops. She wipes the mirror and inspects it clo Again, something moves just under the skin... Suddenly, an ingrown BLACK HAIR pokes out... Ugh gross... INT. WOMEN’S WASHROOM - SECOND FLOOR - SAME TIME Stella, Ramén and Auggie explode into the second floor washroom. But Alice isn’t there. Only a CUSTODIAN.
42) 3) dialog: 
44) 0) text: Auggie, Stella and Ramén plow past the startled Librarian
45) 0) text: They enter to find -- A LARGE BLACK MASS WRITHING and SCREAMING in the corner. vast majority of Alice is covered in spiders as they spre across the floor like WRIGGLY OOZE! Auggie and Stella instantly take off their jackets and sw them away. But there’s too many. Ram6én RUNS OUT into the HALLWAY -- and sees a bucket of water. Thinking quick, he picks it up and RACES BACK INTO BATHROOM --— He drenches Alice, washing the remaining spiders away. Stella can only watch as Auggie drops to the floor to cra Alice, left catatonic. Her skin pock-marked with bites. Stunned patrons crowd the door, staring. Alice twitches i Auggie’s arms, unable to cope. She’s alive, but not well.
45) 1) dialog: 
45) 6) dialog: It’s okay. You’re going to be okay. Alice’s eyes flutter open. Lost and confused. 64.
45) 8) dialog: It’s a nice dress, Alice... Don’t worry, you look just fine... Auggie looks to Stella, his eyes filled with sorrow.
46) 10) dialog: There’s no coming back from that. She doesn't even know her name. (despondent) And now they think we’re all responsible.
46) 13) dialog: What? / Why?!
46) 17) dialog: And what happens when you’re locked up and the next story comes for you? What help can we be then? Ram6n can’t stomach conceding the point. Furious, he thro his jacket, feeling helpless.
46) 18) dialog: It’s been a long day. We can’t think. We need sleep.
46) 20) dialog: Then we’ll take shifts. One of us always has eyes on the story. (direct) We get through the night, together. Ramén and Stella share a look and nod, in agreement.
48) 2) text: Auggie shivers while Ramén jostles the locked doors. Stel keeps warm in his jacket.
48) 3) dialog: Any other bright ideas?
48) 5) dialog: Careful, it’s my favorite -- Ram6n twists and rips the pen’s clip off. Auggie deflates
50) 0) text: The morning Oregon rain patters and streaks down windows. First sun stirs Ramén awake on the couch. He looks for Stella, a crinkled sheet beside him where she had slept. He only sees Auggie snoring, with the Book open on his ch covered in hostess wrappers and chocolate milk boxes. Stella enters, drying her hair from a morning shower. She lowers the towel to reveal newly shorn hair. She touches new pixie cut, unsure. Ramén smiles, showing his approval He approaches. She holds back, vulnerable. Their lips wan to touch... But her eyes fall on Auggie, in fright --
50) 3) dialog: Shit... Auggie brushes food wrappers and debris way and finds -- story has already been written. He jumps up, startled. They pace, losing their wits.
50) 5) dialog: I don’t know! Stella marches over and grabs the book, reading:
50) 7) dialog: No, man. That’s my name. IT’S MY
50) 10) dialog: I don’t want to know how I die. I can't know!
50) 13) dialog: Why read it when I dreamt it! Stella and Ramén back down. Auggie takes a seat, biting h nails. His nerves rattled.
50) 14) dialog: I was in this hallway. With so many doors. And I could hear these... voices. They were angry. Like they wanted to get out. I wanted to too.
50) 17) dialog: I ran into this... red room. And I mean everything was red. (MORE )
50) 19) dialog: Like it was blood. But it wasn’t mine. (horrified) And then Sarah... she was reaching out to me. Smiling. I couldn’t move my legs. Or my arms. She told me --
50) 22) dialog: What?
50) 24) dialog: No. I don’t wanna know how I die.
50) 26) dialog: (rationalizing) Riverwell Psychiatric. I’m in. But I don’t wanna know. I just hafta... avoid red rooms. Yeah. That’1l work. If I’m not in one, I'll live, right? (delirious) Please. Don’t think I’m crazy. I’m conscious... this will work. Stella and Ramén share a look. Skeptical.
51) 0) text: Stella and Auggie pile into the Principals’ bronze boat o convertible. It’s nicer than anything they’ve been in. Ramén fidgets with the wires, hot wiring it. The engine R to life. They share a relieved smile and the car takes of
54) 0) text: Within an institutional corridor, a rigid RECEPTION NURSE looks up to find Stella, Ramdén and Auggie. A lit cigaret hangs from her pursed lips. Moans and shrieks are heard O
55) 4) dialog: That’s all you. I have no desire to see this red room. Stella eyes a COUPLE walking with a PATIENT IN A HAZEL GO
56) 0) text: A ‘LAUNDRY’ door opens -- Stella and Ramén exit, pushing wheelchair with Auggie dressed in a HAZEL PATIENT GOWN. T wheel him down an institutional corridor.
56) 1) dialog: (re: hazel gown) Just till we get to the third floor.
57) 0) text: A PASSING NURSE drops off a stack of papers in front of t Reception Nurse. The top page catches her eye -- SCHOOL PICTURES of Ramon, Stella and Auggie.
58) 0) text: Stella and Ramén wheel Auggie onto an empty elevator. The push the 3rd floor button. Just as the doors close - A MEATY HAND JUTS IN, allowing an ORDERLY to enter.
59) 0) text: The doors open to the sound of strange moaning and errati screams. The occasion banging. The Orderly holds the door open so Stella and Ramén can p Auggie out, though they are unsure where they’ve been tak
59) 4) dialog: At least there’s no red. With the coast clear, they wheel Auggie further into the restricted portion of the hospital.
60) 0) text: The patients are too doped up to notice as the three go t window and spot the rotting rooftop of the old sanitarium floors below. Auggie hops out of the wheelchair.
60) 1) dialog: I'll keep watch. Auggie guards the open doorway, on the lookout. Stella and Ramén open the large window, judging the dista
60) 7) dialog: Just make it quick, will ya? A drugged patient wakes up. He points to Auggie, moaning. AUGGIE POV: Down the corridor, the elevator opens with th Orderlies, Reception Nurse, and Deputy Hobbs.
60) 8) dialog: Shit. The fuzz. Hurry. Hurry. Ramén climbs out onto the ledge and helps Stella out. A f story fall onto a sidewalk if they don’t make the jump. Stella looks back at Auggie.
60) 10) dialog: Not if ya catch a disease. Now all of the drugged patients have awoken, making an incredible racket, sure to draw attention. Ramén holds Stella’s hand tight.
60) 13) dialog: (whispers) Go, go, go -- ! Outside, the Deputy and staff are about to pass the room
60) 17) text: Deputy Hobbs and the staff look into the bemoaning patien room. Auggie disguised himself in an empty bed, wailing t They move on in their search. When the coast is clear, Auggie bolts to the window and s the hole in the roof below.
60) 18) dialog: Oof.
63) 0) text: Auggie casually rolls himself down a white hallway in his wheelchair.
63) 1) dialog: I love white. White Christmas, white bread, white people... As he rolls past the VENDING MACHINE --
63) 2) dialog: White chocolate... Auggie fishes some coins from his pocket, and selects a w ZERO CANDY BAR.
66) 0) text: Stella and Ramén hurry, scanning for Auggie.
67) 0) text: Auggie tenses, bathed in a sea of red. He drops his candy wheels out as fast as he can.
67) 1) dialog: Red room. Red room. RED ROOM!!! Auggie abandons his wheelchair, toppling it over as he charges out into a full sprint. 85. Everywhere Auggie turns is red. There is no escape yet he desperately runs. When he rounds a corner -- He comes upon an ENDLESS CORRIDOR THAT STRETCHES OUT TO INFINITY. Almost like a dream. Auggie pivots around, only to find he’s trapped inside so kind of labyrinth of red corridors. The sounds of the rea world drown out, as if underwater.
67) 2) dialog: (sotto) I’m not crazy, I’m conscious. I’m not crazy, I’m conscious...
69) 0) text: Auggie charges down another endless red corridor and turn find a dead end. Unable to escape the nightmarish red maz Auggie stops, sobbing in fear. In his state of panic, he fails to notice - On the wall behind him, a TINY POINT OF PLASTER CRACKS, leaking trails of water, red as blood. The fissures sprea releasing a trickle of river water... and what looks to b FINGER poking through. Followed by a RED ARM punching through the wall!
69) 1) dialog: Turns and finds a sinewy ARM protruding through the wall, grasping. The limb unnaturally long for the human body. Chips of plaster flake off as the hole gets bigger. Anoth elongated limb breaks through. We know who this is.
69) 2) dialog: Nononononononono -- ! 86. The wall breaks as a besmeared RED SARAH BELLOWS is birth from out of the seeping wall. Auggie trembles as the story comes true. He SCREAMS and R Sarah Bellows shuffles behind, her twisted, naked and coa body leaving a trail of red footprints behind.
69) 4) dialog: HELP!!! IT’S HER! IT’S THE WITCH! After every turn, Auggie looks back and finds the slow-mo Sarah surprising closer.
69) 7) dialog: I’m not crazy, I’m conscious. I’m not crazy, I’m conscious... He turns a corner, and there’s Sarah again, shuffling clo
69) 8) dialog: 
71) 0) text: With Sarah just twenty feet behind him, Auggie turns anot corner and finds THE ELEVATOR! He rapidly hits the call button. Eyeing Sarah shuffling towards him.
71) 1) dialog: Come on... He tries to pry the doors open to no avail.
73) 0) text: Ding! The elevator arrives before Auggie. His face awash hope, awaiting for the doors to open. Sarah nearing.
75) 0) text: Auggie’s elevator door opens, but it’s occupied by ORDERL The klaxons instantly shut off and the hallway returns wh More importantly, SARAH HAS DISAPPEARED. Auggie trembles fright, confused.
75) 1) dialog: The witch... she was just here! The Orderlies suspiciously eye him in his red patient gow
75) 2) dialog: She almost got me! T-the room was red, and... (catches on) «+. No, no, it’s not what you think. They firmly grab hold of him.
75) 3) dialog: No wait! I don’t belong here! I snuck in. I’m not crazy!
75) 5) dialog: NO! PLEASE! I’M NOT CRAZY!!! I'M
76) 0) text: The Orderlies strap Auggie into a STRAIGHT JACKET.
76) 1) dialog: Please. I-I’m not crazy -- They restrain Auggie down onto a gurney.
76) 2) dialog: I don’t want this to be the way it ends... I SHOULD'VE READ... I SHOULD'VE READ... RED...
77) 0) text: Stella and Ramén are distraught as their handcuffed when BZZ2ZZ2ZZZ - The lights FLICKER as a surge of power is fe throughout the hospital. Along with Auggie’s distant SCRE
90) 0) text: Stella lays a bouquet of yellow flowers at Dinah’s grave. Behind her stands Ramén, clean-shaven and in an army unif They walk past a few other gravestones that have been lef similar yellow bouquets... Auggie Hilderbrandt, Charles a Alice Steinberg, even Kurt Milner. 113.