13) 23) dialog: Should we check out the house?
46) 5) dialog: We’re doing everything we can.
46) 7) dialog: He just found his son’s corpse, Darlene. You might want to give him some space. Mrs. Steinberg breaks down into hysterics. Mr. Steinberg stares at the Deputy -- how can you be so cruel? 65. DEPUTY HOBBS (CONT’D) I’m sorry, we're all on edge. All I can say at this time is we have a warrant out for all of their arrests. We'll figure this out. Deputy Hobbs eyes the Corvair Monza, knowing Ramén has to return for it eventually.
60) 17) text: Deputy Hobbs and the staff look into the bemoaning patien room. Auggie disguised himself in an empty bed, wailing t They move on in their search. When the coast is clear, Auggie bolts to the window and s the hole in the roof below.
74) 0) text: Their elevator chimes for Stella and Ramén. But when the doors open -- They discover their elevator HAS BEEN CALLED TO THE 4TH FLOOR, where Deputy Hobbs stands with his back turned. Ramén tries to hit the button again, but Hobbs turns and quick to draw his gun on them.
74) 1) dialog: Out of the elevator! Your hands up! 88.
78) 0) text: CLANG! An old JAIL DOOR is slammed shut on Stella. Ramén in his own cell, sharing a wall of bars between them. The room is bare, save for a fireplace and a folding chair. Deputy Hobbs locks up.
78) 2) dialog: Sure it is. While Ramén fights for his life, Stella slumps in a corne
78) 4) dialog: You didn’t hear? Alice died_on the way to the hospital. Ramén pales. Stella scoffs - despondent. 90.
78) 5) dialog: Whatever you guys are into, I'd start telling the truth. Cause someone’s gotta pay.
79) 0) text: Deputy Hobbs sits at his desk, awaiting Sheriff Milner. H reads the Bellows Book, with TRIGGER laying at his feet.
79) 1) dialog: (to Trigger) Can you believe what the kids these days are reading? He turns a page to a new chapter “Me Tie Dough-ty Walker” notice it’s no longer blank, but covered in writing. As he reads, his brows narrow. Eyes locked in. Could it b
80) 0) text: Stella and Ramén rise as Deputy Hobbs forcefully enters. palpable tension in the air. The man looks unhinged.
80) 1) dialog: How’d you get my name in that book? They share a look of distress, unsure how to answer. Hobbs opens the cylinder to his revolver and inserts bull
80) 5) dialog: Shut your mouth, wetback. (beat) Now I have questions and one of you will give me answers. Hobbs keeps the gun pointed at Ramdén as he talks to Stel DEPUTY HOBBS (CONT’D) That’s one sick story you wrote, but how did you know you’d be locked up in here?
80) 7) dialog: Did he bring you into this? Handsome, older boy, invites you into some trouble?
80) 10) dialog: 
80) 14) dialog: That was in the story. How’d you make my dog do that? Stella and Ramén share a startled look, realizing...
80) 16) dialog: You okay, boy? He tries to comfort his dog, only it won’t break its star from the fireplace. He yelps louder, ‘WEE RAI ROWLY RAWER
80) 17) dialog: What’s wrong with him? They stare at the mutt, trying to decipher the strange do like moaning. Almost like words. It dawns on Stella first
80) 20) dialog: What’d you do to my dog?!
80) 23) dialog: (fed up, to Ramén) Yours, okay? It’s you. Stella looks to Ramén - his heart skips a beat. Trigger skitters, barking at the fireplace. Something HARD AND FLESHY bounces down the chimney, then The BLOODY HEAD of SARAH BELLOWS rolls across the floor a comes to a stop!
80) 26) dialog: What the f--
80) 28) dialog: Boy, it’s me... The dog snaps and starts BARKING. Drool foams from his mo