13) 19) dialog: Youuu maaay beee theee neeext... Grey water pours out of her mouth. Stella clasps her mouth and turns, stifling a scream -- B SARAH ISN'T THERE. Only the book remains, as if calling h
16) 0) text: Kurt sets down a tin bucket filled with water. CLOSE ON: The WATER BUCKET. As the surface of the water stills. the faint REFLECTION OF SARAH BELLOWS.
27) 40) dialog: «.. Steeelllaaa... Stella SLAMS the phone onto its wall unit, horror-struck.
40) 0) text: Alice enters the washroom alone. She goes to the mirror t inspect the largest zit ever seen in the history of cinem Red and raw. She touches the pimple, but it hurts so bad. It must be popped. She turns on the hot water, steaming. Then wets a paper t to gently compress it. When she leans back down to soak her towel... SARAH BELLOWS is in the mirror’s reflection. Wet and smil with the crazed, simple face of a child.
47) 0) text: Sheriff Milner, his face weary over the loss of his son, stands over the teen’s research left behind. His fingers trace over the photo of Sarah Bellows. His mi races, trying to make sense of it. He taps on the doctor besides Sarah. It’s almost as if he recognizes the man.
69) 5) dialog: Youuu Maaay Beee Theee Neeext... Auggie darts down another hallway, only to find Sarah now there too. Always a little closer.
80) 25) dialog: ...-Youuu maaay beee theee neeext... Deputy Hobbs’s eyes bulge.
83) 0) text: Ramén opens the squad car, but it’s locked. Stella anxiou TRIGGER jumps on the hood of the car, SNARLING. They YELL The SARAH BELLOWS’ CORPSE stumbles her way towards them!
87) 2) dialog: ..."He’s not a hairless”, the Vet said, “He’s not even a dog.”
87) 4) dialog: It was a sewer rat with rabies! The kids squeal with laughter and scares, while Sarah gig and enjoys telling the spooky tale. It’s as if the ghostl inhabitants of yesteryear are pre-recorded memories. Stella has a bewildered look - Is this really happening? Suddenly, the front door to the manor SLAMS OPEN, reveali SHERIFF MILNER. He reloads, but his bullets slip out of his hand as he is awestruck by the sudden transformation of the house. He gathers himself, then returns to the hunt. 104. A CHILD who Young Sarah is reading to turns his head to l straight at him, breaking the fourth wall. His skin is pa and sickly. River water starts pouring from his mouth. Milner fires at the apparition, to no effect. Realizing they’re no threat, the Sheriff continues after Stella.