0) 7) text: But you got me. To say what I wanna say, and play what I wanna play... The Sun sets--- Stella uses an early POLAROID camera to photograph a STONE SKULL on a gravestone, then grabs her to leave.
0) 21) text: A drawer is opened. Stella’s hand digs through the clutte expose -- a STRAIGHT RAZOR gleans under a mishmash of MAK Stella stares into the mirror. Her body is gaunt, almost skeletal. A sadness in her eyes.
1) 10) dialog: You’re crazy.
1) 15) text: It’s fine. Gimme that -- Stella grabs the joint. Before she takes a drag -- OS eng of a ‘68 Bonneville.
1) 21) dialog: They unload a SLEW OF EGGS and TOILET PAPER, pelting the
1) 23) dialog: They hold their ground, not afraid to exhaust every bit o their stash. Payback for years of being picked on. Chuck proudly lights his BROWN PAPER BAG OF SHIT on fire.
1) 26) dialog: They beam in victory -- -- Only to see the Bonneville CRASH into a tree. Their sm drop, suddenly concerned by the inevitable fallout.
1) 31) dialog: 
1) 34) dialog: Meet up at The Gorge.
1) 36) dialog: Not if you catch a disease first. They splinter off, cutting through backyards. Kurt and the Lettermans stay as a pack, targeting Chuck.
2) 4) dialog: That was amazing. 12.
2) 8) dialog: Thanks. We owe you. (re: movie) Black Sabbath... a good one. Mario Bava- he’s real good-
2) 10) dialog: Bava. Italian. He’s done great movies- Black Sunday-
2) 12) dialog: (Vincent Price impression) “Men sometimes have strange motives for the things they do.” Ram6én smiles upon meeting a kindred spirit.
2) 15) dialog: Hey, isn’t your dad that war hero who just moved in? (MORE )
2) 17) dialog: People say he jumped on a grenade and lived. (morbidly fascinated) Does he like, still have his fingers and toes and stuff? Ramén is taken aback by her bluntness.
2) 26) dialog: Get your hand off my butt. I can’t control them.
3) 0) text: Ramén pulls out of the Drive-In. Stella and her friends g settled into their seats.
3) 1) dialog: Sorry you had to miss the movie.
3) 7) dialog: You know... (mischievous) The Bellows House is empty. 17. Auggie and Chuck share a cautious look --
3) 12) dialog: Ever wanted to check out a haunted house?... Hang a left. Off Ramén’s growing curiosity, he takes the next turn.
4) 3) dialog: You coming? Intrigued, Ramén shuts his door and follows their lead.
4) 5) dialog: Some railway magnate who put Mill Valley on the map.
5) 0) text: -- Through the foyer and up the bannister stairs. The front door creaks open, welcoming Stella and Ramén in with the moonlight. They take in the surroundings with reserved wonderment and caution -- What once was a luxurious mansion has now been picked cle of any valuables and defaced over time: Torn, water-stain wallpaper. Missing floorboards. Broken and strewn article litter a floor already covered in layers of dust.
5) 2) dialog: They had a young daughter they never let out of the house. Sarah. As the story goes, they never allowed pictures of her either. Ram6én passes a PHOTOGRAPH of the BELLOWS FAMILY still hu the wall: A gaunt patriarch and matriarch with a thick gr ribbon around her neck, surrounded by sturdy young men.
5) 3) dialog: People say she was... different.
5) 5) dialog: Like, she didn’t look right. Had scoliosis and gigantism- or something. She was long and tall and sort of not right. But she had this gift, see? A milkman once said he saw her bring a dead rabbit back to life. (MORE )
5) 7) dialog: She could touch a dead flower and make it bloom- But that’s just the town’s usual gossip.
8) 0) text: Stella peruses bare bookshelves. A few moth-eaten tomes, nothing worth salvaging. As Ramén takes in the dreary roo she continues the Bellows story --
8) 1) dialog: But Sarah was lonely. So she would write these scary stories. And kids would come from all around just to hear her read. To make them extra scary, she would write their names into them. Ramén sees a broken rocking chair next to cleft toys stre on the ground, and with her words, they take on new meani
8) 4) text: Stella finds an ornate MUSIC BOX on the shelf. She winds up and it tinkers a CHILD-LIKE LULLABY. Her gaze drifts a she recollects the rest of the story.
8) 5) dialog: But then the children started to go missing. Everyone knew it was her. (beat) When they couldn’t find them, they expected to find the bodies on this estate, but none were found. And when the police came to question Sarah - she disappeared. Never to be seen again.
8) 7) dialog: No one knows. But a year later, in 1921, every member of her family died from bizarre and unexplained deaths. (beat) Some think it was the ghosts of the murdered children, others think it was Sarah herself, come back to punish her family for locking her up.
8) 9) dialog: I think she just wanted to be like the other kids, but knew she could never be like them. As for the rest, I guess we’ll never know.
11) 1) dialog: It’s Sarah’s bedroom...
11) 4) dialog: (catching on) She was... But her body was the size of an adult -- larger even... Auggie picks up an antique EFFANBEE DOLL. 24.
11) 5) dialog: Her mind was simple -- maybe too simple. Stella sits behind the vanity, trying to imagine being in place. Personal items still perfectly placed. She puts on Sarah's slippers. A perfect fit. Disturbed, s quickly removes her feet.
11) 6) dialog: This is a real person. This isn’t fun anymore.
13) 8) dialog: I don’t know. She opens the tome, some frail pages stick together. She scans a few hand-written stories, enraptured. The others suspend their efforts to come see, intrigued.
13) 9) dialog: It’s Sarah's book of scary stories. The one she’d read to the kids.
14) 0) text: Stella enters after the long night. Beer bottles decorate home where a mother’s absence is felt. She hear’s WHIMPER She passes her father’s room on the way to her bedroom -- Oren WEEPS next to his wife’s dress laid out on his bed. Stella feels little sympathy and quietly enters her room. INT. STELLA’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Stella is cocooned in a bedsheet tent, eating candy out h bag as she reads the Bellows Book by flashlight. CLOSE ON BOOK: Disturbing B/W illustrations from the stor “The Cat's Paw”, “Wait Till Martin Comes”, “The Wendigo”. She turns to the next chapter -- ‘HAROLD’. With it, a horrifying illustration of a scarecrow impaled on a pike.
14) 1) dialog: .--‘Harold’? Her hand smudges the ink. It’s still wet. Hmm. 30.
18) 0) text: Stella slams Chuck and Auggie’s locker before it can open
18) 1) dialog: You’1ll never guess what I read.
18) 4) dialog: Last night... I saw something in the mirror.
18) 6) dialog: I think it was... her.
18) 9) dialog: And when I opened the book last night, there was this new chapter, and the ink was wet. She opens the book to “Harold”.
18) 10) dialog: Kurt's name was in it.
18) 14) dialog: But there are more chapters with no stories. Five of them. Each one unwritten...
19) 0) text: Ram6én raps on the screen door as Alice, Stella, Chuck an Auggie wait on the porch. After no answer, he knocks agai Chuck turns and catches sight of something OFF SCREEN.
20) 7) dialog: (re: tea cups; dread) There’s five of them...
20) 9) dialog: No... five cups. Five of us. Five chapters left. They share a look, pondering the implication.
20) 10) dialog: What if there’s a story for each of our names? What if what happened to Kurt, is going to happen to us? Auggie motions for her to quiet down. Ram6én watches Mrs. Milner in the KITCHEN, quietly talkin the phone. The mother gives a suspicious look back. INT. KITCHEN - MILNER FARMSTEAD — CONTINUOUS Mrs. Milner turns her back to them, discreetly talking:
22) 0) text: Ram6n stands with the others circled around the fire, bur hot. Stella stares into the flames, holding the Bellows B
22) 8) dialog: It wasn’t us. It was the book. And it’s all over. Stella tossing the Book into the fire. They watch it burn CLOSE ON: The Book’s pages curl up in flames, its leather bubbles and chars. Cursed or not, it’s destroyed.
22) 10) dialog: (learning to read) “The tiger din... dind...”
22) 12) dialog: “Didn't just eat one bun. He ate all of the buns... on the dish.”
22) 14) dialog: No more reading. 39.
22) 17) dialog: “And then he ate all the biscuits.” INT. STELLA’S BEDROOM —- MORNING - PRESENT Stella wakes up in her own bed. Her eyes still tired. She wipes the sleep from them, then spots a handwritten N from her father on the lamp shade that begins ‘STELLA’. Off her reading the note --
23) 0) text: Stella rides to a construction site where they are buildi FREEWAY, her textbooks strapped to the back of her bike. She ducks as she passes through steel and cement spires.
23) 2) dialog: Got your note -- Oren removes his work gloves and goggles. Over the noise, gestures to his FOREMAN he’s going to take five.
23) 4) dialog: When?
23) 6) dialog: We? You mean, you. 40.
23) 8) dialog: Mom chose this place. (tempers her words) How am I supposed to visit her? Or are you going to drive? God knows putting you behind the wheel--
23) 10) dialog: We can’t start over. You did that. Her father is pained to see her leave. Stella hops onto her bike, then notices something on the that stops her cold -- The BELLOWS BOOK atop her schoolbooks, in pristine condit
24) 0) text: Stella rides her bike- Fast. She goes by the plaza, where the FAMILIES of grieving par witness the flag being lowered half-mast. It’s a small ceremony for the fallen sons. Folded flags are being hand-delivered to the parents by a OFFICER IN UNIFORM and white gloves.
25) 0) text: Stella urgently raps on Ramén’s front door. He opens it t find her clutching the Bellows Book.
25) 1) dialog: «--It’s back. She allows herself in. 41.
26) 2) dialog: There’s a new story. With Chuck’s name in it.
26) 4) dialog: There’s no time. I need your phone. As Stella barges in, Ramén opens the Book to see for hims
26) 7) dialog: (defensive) I didn’t write it.
26) 11) dialog: Keep reading. She hangs up and tries again.
26) 12) dialog: Come on, pick up.
27) 5) dialog: 
27) 8) dialog: DON’T EAT ANYTHING!
27) 10) dialog: You're in the next story. Listen to me. Don’t eat the meat.
27) 12) dialog: DON’T EAT THE MEAT! Chuck’s chewing slows as he eyes the loaf of minced meat. bites on something hard, then pulls from his mouth... A large, rotted human TOE NAIL.
27) 13) dialog: Chuck?... CHUCK?! Chuck gags, trying not to hurl. He flushes his mouth unde the faucet, then gets back on the phone.
27) 15) dialog: 
27) 16) dialog: (to Ramén) What happens next?
27) 19) dialog: A voice says ‘You may be the next.’
27) 22) dialog: Ramén holds the book out to Stella to finish reading:
27) 23) dialog: We're reading it right here. ‘Then the voice grew louder...’ (louder) “YOU MAY BE THE NEXT!”
27) 26) dialog: 
27) 31) dialog: It dons on Stella. She looks to Ramén, horrified --
27) 32) dialog: --. It’s me. (to Ramén; urgent) How does it end? 45.
27) 37) dialog: They hear Chuck’s SCREAM. Then silence, as - CHUCK’S PHONE Falls, dangling on its cord, knocking against the fridge.
27) 38) dialog: 
27) 39) dialog: Chuck?!... CHUCK?!! No response. Then -—
28) 12) dialog: It was my fault. We should’ve never gone into that house. Alice can’t believe it, shaking her head.
28) 14) dialog: There was a new story.
28) 16) dialog: I tried to warn him... but every thing I said only made it worse. 47.
28) 18) dialog: I heard her. She knows our names.
28) 24) dialog: She's not a witch. It’s a curse!
28) 28) dialog: The next story is ‘The Red Spot’... Does that mean anything to anyone? They share blank glances. A few shrug. 48.
28) 31) dialog: The next ones are “The Dream", “Me Tie Dough-ty Walker”...
28) 33) dialog: .-- And the last chapter, “The Haunted House”. They all share a knowing look.
29) 2) dialog: (finishing sentence) «+. We see how everything ends.
31) 0) text: Stella, Ramén, Auggie and Alice stand before what's left the Bellows Mansion. A backhoe compresses down on a remai awning until it buckles. Wood splinters. Glass breaks. A gaping hole left in the dead carcass of a house.
31) 17) dialog: You say they died 40 years ago?
31) 19) dialog: Maybe there was someone in that house that’s still alive?
33) 6) dialog: Eloise Walker? She only trembles, crippled by late-stage Parkinson's.
33) 10) dialog: Why did you say that?
33) 12) dialog: You knew Sarah, didn’t you?
33) 17) dialog: We have her book. And she’s still writing stories. Why?
33) 21) dialog: She didn’t hurt the kids...
33) 23) dialog: My mother? She was here?
33) 25) dialog: Why was she here? How do you know my mother? Is this your music box? Stella desperately winds the music box again to let it pl
33) 26) dialog: You talked to my mother. When? When did you talk to her? LouLou? Stella tries to shake her awake, but she doesn’t respond.
33) 28) dialog: LouLou? Talk to me. The caretaker intervenes.
36) 6) text: Stella cross references names as Ramén reads the Bellows Book, while Auggie looks for more research material.
36) 8) dialog: Dolores.
36) 10) dialog: Sarah's mother. The woman with the green ribbon around her neck.
36) 12) dialog: Even weirder, anyone that spent considerable time with them died of either a strange accident or unnatural causes... (holds up obituary) The detective who searched inside their house? Died of a heart attack in his apartment three years ago... found eaten by his cats, including his beloved Martin.
36) 14) dialog: And all the deaths are in like, chronological order. Except the kids she murdered, who should be in the front of the book... (looking through notes) They aren’t in any of the chapters. Their names don’t appear anywhere.
36) 16) dialog: I don’t know. You heard her, Sarah loved her.
36) 18) dialog: Or maybe she never murdered them in the first place. Ramén raises an eyebrow - that is quite the allegation. Auggie unloads another stack of periodicals.
36) 20) dialog: It’s her. Ramén reads the lab coats insignia.
36) 22) dialog: I know those letters. Riverwell Psychiatric Hospital. Upstate.
36) 24) dialog: So she didn’t disappear, she was locked away. 58.
36) 27) dialog: Dinah, why? Ramén shakes off his presumption and flips to the next pa
36) 37) dialog: Ramén. Your nose. Ramén wipes his bloody nose, confused. He notices the RED SPOT on the blank page, then pushes himself away from the Bellows Book, panicked.
38) 0) text: Stella and Auggie watch the cursed story unfold before th eyes as Ramén paces, stressed out.
38) 2) dialog: (reading) “,.. it was there in the washroom where poor Alice would discover the red spot..." It’s ALICE!
40) 1) text: INT. HALLWAY —- LIBRARY - SAME TIME Stella, Ramén and Auggie charge down the hallway toward a door labeled WOMEN. Auggie hesitates for the briefest of moments -- then BUSTS in.
40) 3) dialog: There must be another washroom...
41) 0) text: The three charge back out, lost and confused. Stella find simple MAP PLAQUE on the wall by some stairs.
41) 1) dialog: Upstairs! They follow Auggie up the stairs, two steps at a time. 62.
42) 0) text: Alice gets a closer look at the pimple when - it almost l like SOMETHING moved inside it. Her heart stops. She wipes the mirror and inspects it clo Again, something moves just under the skin... Suddenly, an ingrown BLACK HAIR pokes out... Ugh gross... INT. WOMEN’S WASHROOM - SECOND FLOOR - SAME TIME Stella, Ramén and Auggie explode into the second floor washroom. But Alice isn’t there. Only a CUSTODIAN.
42) 1) dialog: 
44) 0) text: Auggie, Stella and Ramén plow past the startled Librarian
45) 0) text: They enter to find -- A LARGE BLACK MASS WRITHING and SCREAMING in the corner. vast majority of Alice is covered in spiders as they spre across the floor like WRIGGLY OOZE! Auggie and Stella instantly take off their jackets and sw them away. But there’s too many. Ram6én RUNS OUT into the HALLWAY -- and sees a bucket of water. Thinking quick, he picks it up and RACES BACK INTO BATHROOM --— He drenches Alice, washing the remaining spiders away. Stella can only watch as Auggie drops to the floor to cra Alice, left catatonic. Her skin pock-marked with bites. Stunned patrons crowd the door, staring. Alice twitches i Auggie’s arms, unable to cope. She’s alive, but not well.
45) 3) dialog: 
46) 9) dialog: Alice dies at the end of her story. (desperate to others) But she’s not dead. We saved her. We saved her, right?
46) 13) dialog: What? / Why?!
46) 15) dialog: Neither do you. What good will that do anyone?
46) 19) dialog: The next story is called ‘The Dream’. You really feel like closing your eyes?
46) 21) dialog: Where? They’1l be looking for us.
48) 7) dialog: (playful) Wonder how a war hero feels having a hood for a son?
49) 0) text: Ram6én enters with an arm load of pillows to see -- Stella, cradling her knees on the floor while she reads ‘ Beams’. Tears run down her cheeks as she stares at an illustration of a frightened woman driving at night. He sits down beside her as she wipes her eyes. 68.
49) 2) dialog: She was the one who wanted to move here. She told my dad - there was something about Mill Valley. She tries her best to smile through the painful memory.
49) 3) dialog: Even when I see her picture, I don’t recognize her face. I can only remember her voice...
49) 5) dialog: They were arguing that night. All I can remember is... she couldn’t take it anymore and drove off. (beat) My dad had to borrow the neighbor's truck to follow her. He had too much, but he wanted to apologize... She smiles as she wipes a tear. Ramén listens. FLASHBACK: DINAH MICHAELS (38) drives a GREEN SEDAN upset straining to see through the night’s low fog.
49) 6) dialog: It was late. And dark. And this truck, that she didn’t recognize, starts turning on their high beams. In the rear view mirror, a brief FLASH of HIGH BEAMS. A moment would pass, and then another blinding flash of lig
49) 8) dialog: She tried to let them pass, but they kept flashing. The more she tried to get away, the more agitated they got. (catatonic) The lights. On. Off. On. Off... 69. FLASHBACK: Nervous and frightened, Dinah speeds up --
49) 9) dialog: He saw it happen... but there was no way to stop it.
49) 11) dialog: Everyone thought it was his fault... That he caused the accident... Even me... (then) But the story says she wasn't alone in the car. IN THE TRUCK, Oren witnesses a FIGURE rise up in the back seat of the sedan. He lets out a HORSE SCREAM -— IN THE SEDAN, Dinah sees SARAH BELLOWS rise up in her rearview mirror. She GASPS in fright, then -- THE GREEN SEDAN suddenly jerks off the road, causing the automobile to TWIST and violently CRASH to a dusty stop. The Truck hits the brakes. Oren runs out, wracked with gr
49) 13) dialog: Every time he turned on his high beams, he was trying to warn her. (breaks down to Ramén) There was someone else- Just like he said- But I didn’t believe him- No one believed him- Because it was her- It was Sarah-- He puts a consoling arm around her.
49) 14) dialog: I hated him so much, I wanted to kill myself. He kisses her on the head. Hurting for her.
49) 16) dialog: Why didn’t I believe him? He turns the page, helping to put that chapter behind her She stares at the next unwritten story. The title is --
49) 17) dialog: ‘The Dream’... (numb ) I wish this was all a dream. Ramén holds her tight. The sentiment is mutual.
50) 0) text: The morning Oregon rain patters and streaks down windows. First sun stirs Ramén awake on the couch. He looks for Stella, a crinkled sheet beside him where she had slept. He only sees Auggie snoring, with the Book open on his ch covered in hostess wrappers and chocolate milk boxes. Stella enters, drying her hair from a morning shower. She lowers the towel to reveal newly shorn hair. She touches new pixie cut, unsure. Ramén smiles, showing his approval He approaches. She holds back, vulnerable. Their lips wan to touch... But her eyes fall on Auggie, in fright --
50) 1) dialog: Auggie! Wake up! Auggie jolts awake. Ramén sees it too.
50) 6) dialog: “Last night, Augustus Hilderbrandt had a strange dream. He dreamed he was in a red room-- " Auggie rips it out of her hand and SLAMS the book closed.
50) 11) dialog: We can’t stop it unless we know what happens.
50) 15) dialog: (quiet, to Ramén) You think he was dreaming of Riverwell?
50) 20) dialog: --- You may be the next. Auggie nods, it’s burned into his memory.
50) 21) dialog: We have to go there.
50) 23) dialog: You said it yourself, the stories are clues. We need to read -- Auggie pulls the Book out of reach.
51) 0) text: Stella and Auggie pile into the Principals’ bronze boat o convertible. It’s nicer than anything they’ve been in. Ramén fidgets with the wires, hot wiring it. The engine R to life. They share a relieved smile and the car takes of
54) 0) text: Within an institutional corridor, a rigid RECEPTION NURSE looks up to find Stella, Ramdén and Auggie. A lit cigaret hangs from her pursed lips. Moans and shrieks are heard O
54) 1) dialog: We need to see the records of a former patient named Sarah Bellows.
54) 5) dialog: They wouldn’t be in the... Red Room? The Nurse exhales smoke, suspiciously eyeing them. She le back and calls out to a passing ORDERLY.
55) 1) dialog: To what extent is your criminal capabilities?
55) 6) dialog: We're close.
56) 0) text: A ‘LAUNDRY’ door opens -- Stella and Ramén exit, pushing wheelchair with Auggie dressed in a HAZEL PATIENT GOWN. T wheel him down an institutional corridor.
57) 0) text: A PASSING NURSE drops off a stack of papers in front of t Reception Nurse. The top page catches her eye -- SCHOOL PICTURES of Ramon, Stella and Auggie.
58) 0) text: Stella and Ramén wheel Auggie onto an empty elevator. The push the 3rd floor button. Just as the doors close - A MEATY HAND JUTS IN, allowing an ORDERLY to enter.
59) 0) text: The doors open to the sound of strange moaning and errati screams. The occasion banging. The Orderly holds the door open so Stella and Ramén can p Auggie out, though they are unsure where they’ve been tak
59) 3) dialog: You're conscious. Not crazy, right? Auggie frantically looks around, ultra-sensitive to his surroundings. The walls and linoleum are all a stark whit
60) 4) dialog: You think we can make it? Ramén judges the distance, then carefully throws the Book down in a test run... It misses the mattress, by a lot. Stella throws Ramén a look - seriously?
60) 6) dialog: We go together. 79.
60) 9) dialog: Catch ya later.
60) 12) dialog: Together.
61) 0) text: Stella and Ramén writhe on their mattress on a hallway fl showered in wood and debris. As the dust settles, they sit up. Hair askew. Amazed to f they're alive. Ramén pulls a splinter from her hair.
61) 3) dialog: Let’s just find her file and get outta here.
62) 2) dialog: It’s just like he said. 81. Stella turns on the musty fixtures in the RED RECORDS ROO Dank, in disarray. CLUTTERED file boxes scrawled with dat as far back as the 1880’s. There must be hundreds of them Stella and Ramén begin looking through the disarray, floo ceiling red.
64) 0) text: Stella and Ramén sit amongst piles of files, lost.
64) 1) dialog: There’s nothing on her. It’s like she didn’t even exist. Defeated, Stella grabs the next file box to inspect -- Ramén sits up, stares at something OFF SCREEN. Stella follows his gaze to a TURNED FILE BOX spilling a d or so LEATHER-BOUND LEDGERS - IDENTICAL TO THE BELLOWS BO
64) 2) dialog: (mind races) «.. Just like her Book. The two sit close, pouring through the ledgers. An intima both are comfortable with; even yearn for. In the ledgers 82. Instead of scary stories, they are filled with dated pati reviews, x-rays, photos -- Stella looks at the file in his hand: Autopsy reports for group of children - the ones Sarah allegedly had murdered
64) 3) dialog: These are medical charts... for the kids that disappeared. (reviewing statistics) They suffered from liver failure. They were sick from lead poisoning. Ram6én pauses, trying to recollect --
64) 5) dialog: She didn’t murder them. Her family did to bury their secret.
64) 7) dialog: (reading) «+. Dr. Alfred Milner. Roy Milner’s father?
64) 9) dialog: (mind racing) They made her believe she did it... (MORE )
64) 11) dialog: that’s why the stories keep happening. (resolute) Is there a death certificate? Proof that they killed her? What they did with her remains? Ramén gets a closer look at two faded forms.
64) 13) dialog: That can’t be, that doesn’t make any sense -- Stella compares the two forms: Under the line ‘# administered’ a “1” is admitted, then a “2” on release.
64) 14) dialog: It says here one patient was admitted, and two were released. Sarah left with a woman named Beatrix Bellows.
65) 0) text: Stella and Ramén find parked police cars out front. They into a side door into the renovated hospital.
66) 0) text: Stella and Ramén hurry, scanning for Auggie.
66) 4) dialog: Auggie!! Ramén skims ‘The Dream’ in the Bellows Book, quickly skip to the end. He goes grim.
66) 6) dialog: Where’s the elevator?!
68) 0) text: The hospital is in chaos - patients huddled or screaming, orderlies trying to restrain their patients. Their voices drowned out by the emergency klaxons. Stella and Ramén find the elevator and frantically push t call button.
68) 1) dialog: C’mon... Cc’mon...
70) 0) text: The Receptionist Nurse spots Stella and Ramén waiting for elevator.
72) 0) text: Stella and Ramén tensely watch the floor numbers on the elevator rise. Third level... fourth level... They wait for the fifth level...
74) 0) text: Their elevator chimes for Stella and Ramén. But when the doors open -- They discover their elevator HAS BEEN CALLED TO THE 4TH FLOOR, where Deputy Hobbs stands with his back turned. Ramén tries to hit the button again, but Hobbs turns and quick to draw his gun on them.
77) 0) text: Stella and Ramén are distraught as their handcuffed when BZZ2ZZ2ZZZ - The lights FLICKER as a surge of power is fe throughout the hospital. Along with Auggie’s distant SCRE
78) 0) text: CLANG! An old JAIL DOOR is slammed shut on Stella. Ramén in his own cell, sharing a wall of bars between them. The room is bare, save for a fireplace and a folding chair. Deputy Hobbs locks up.
78) 7) dialog: (numb ) They don’t believe us... just like they didn’t believe Sarah. Alice died... just like the story said. Whatever’s written, comes true.
78) 9) dialog: I don’t think--
78) 13) dialog: My father will never know. If I could to talk to him -- tell him I believe him now. (hopeless) We’re gonna die. But I wanna live. (resolute) I want to live. Ram6én grabs her hand between the bars, trying to comfort But they both know their fate is all but sealed.
80) 0) text: Stella and Ramén rise as Deputy Hobbs forcefully enters. palpable tension in the air. The man looks unhinged.
80) 6) dialog: Please. It’s like he said. It wasn’t us, it was the-- BANG! Another fire RINGS out! This time making contact wi the brick wall over Ramén’s head! They SCREAM.
80) 8) dialog: We went into the Bellows house... And found that Book... Kurt followed us in... Hobbs aims his anger and his gun at the cowering Ramén, h sure not to miss this time. Stella talks twice as fast.
80) 9) dialog: Sarah Bellows, she murdered our friends, and Kurt, and my mom. Please - you have to believe us- It’s the truth...
80) 13) dialog: (through sobs) You have to tell my dad... I know it wasn’t him... It was Sarah in the car... Just tell my dad... We didn’t write the stories -- As Stella weeps, Hobbs keeps his gun trained on her. Then Trigger casually saunters in as the tension hits its clim All three eye the dog as it sits and curiously stares at fireplace, as if awaiting something. The dog yelps and whines at the hearth, as if trying to s actual words - ‘Wee rai rowly rawer’. Hobbs lowers his revolver, even more perturbed.
80) 15) dialog: Who else’s name is in the story? Trigger wags his tail, staring off at something unseen. H whimpers. All three look at the chimney, alarmed.
80) 18) dialog: ‘Me Tie Dough-Ty Walker’. Trigger, louder: ‘WEE RAI ROWLY RAWER! WEE RAI ROWLY RAWE
80) 21) dialog: PLEASE! You have to let us out of here.
80) 27) dialog: Listen to me. If we don’t get out of here, Ramén is going to die. Deputy Hobbs snaps out of it and grabs his key ring but - Trigger TURNS ON his master with a low and guttural growl
80) 32) dialog: I can’t reach the keys! Ramén backs away as Sarah hobbles outside his cell, her a reaching through the bars. Sarah begins to SQUEEZE her rotten head through the bars. skull crunches and indents, allowing her head THROUGH.
80) 35) dialog: My arm isn’t long enough!! Sarah dislocates her shoulder, pushing one arm through, t CRUNCHES her chest cavity through. She’s inside! Rotted Sarah grasps for Ramén, when - Stella REACHES through the bars and GRABS Sarah! 96. The mere touch of her causes Stella’s eyes to turn white she begins to CHOKE -- water pours out of Stella’s mouth
80) 37) text: UNDERWATER —- TIME UNKNOWN Stella is suddenly SUBMERGED underwater. A hand tight aro her neck. But as she tries to make out what is on the oth side of the water’s surface -- -- it isn’t Sarah. But Sarah’s Father, ARNOLD BELLOWS. Th sons surround the patriarch, watching Stella drown. A col matriarch holding an infant watches on without interventi She tries to scream, but can’t get any air out of her lun She fixates on something over the faceless men -- A PAIR MASONRY CHIMNEYS that belong to THE BELLOWS MANSION. Just as Stella’s eyes drift closed and her body goes limp
81) 0) text: Ramén sees their struggle has kicked the keys closer to h He reaches out and stretches for the keys. He snares them After unlocking himself, he sees Stella holding Sarah bac Drowning from the water pouring out of her mouth... Ramén grabs the revolver off the floor and -- BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! Bullets STRIKE the corpse of Sara TORQUING her body free from Stella! CLICK! CLICK! CLICK!. Stella falls to the floor in a heap, gagging and coughing Ram6n opens her cell and helps Stella to her feet. She struggles to catch her breath. Still alive, Rotted Sarah LUNGES for Ramén again -- --only for him to SLAM the cell door closed on her!
82) 0) text: Before they race out of the main office -- Stella breaks grip with Ramon... to retrieve the Bellows Book.
83) 0) text: Ramén opens the squad car, but it’s locked. Stella anxiou TRIGGER jumps on the hood of the car, SNARLING. They YELL The SARAH BELLOWS’ CORPSE stumbles her way towards them!
84) 0) text: As Sheriff Milner drives, Stella and Ramén gasp in relief They know they were saved from an inch of their lives. Ram6n clings to the mesh screen dividing them.
84) 4) dialog: That’s what killed your son. And will kill us too unless we get as far away from here as possible... Stella starts to read the rest of ‘Me Tie Dough-ty Walker
84) 5) dialog: The stories. There’s no way to stop them once they’ve been written.
84) 9) dialog: He shoots you. Milner drives coolly, never taking his eyes off the road.
84) 11) dialog: His father... he was the doctor in charge at the hospital. He helped the Bellows cover it up. The CB radio sparks up. An out of jurisdiction DISPATCHER
86) 2) dialog: This is where they took her. This is where her family murdered her.
86) 4) dialog: (struck) They buried the bodies in the dam.
86) 12) dialog: Whatever is written, comes true. (searching) Pen... pen... pen...
86) 14) dialog: We have to write her story. It’s the only way for her to hear the truth. Ram6n catches on. He turns his pelvis to her.
86) 16) dialog: “Sarah Bellows was a sweet, young- lonely girl whose parents never let her out of the house...” Ramén looks out the window and goes in awe at something O
86) 18) text: Milner can’t believe his eyes. He looks to the cruiser an his eyes narrow on Stella writing in stride. He stabs his shovel into the earth.
86) 22) dialog: No, your story --
86) 26) dialog: As she approaches the Bellow’s House, a deafening GUN SHO rings out into the night. She stutters, fearing Ramén’s f But she continues on, never looking back.
86) 29) dialog: 
87) 0) text: Stella bursts through the front door, confused and alone. only the place isn’t cold and crumbling, but warm and lav The fixtures cast the elegant interiors in a ghostly ligh Confused, she returns to writing in the Book, reciting:
87) 1) dialog: “Sarah felt alone, so she wrote scary stories for the children. And they would come visit from all around for they loved to hear her read...” The sounds of CHILDREN LAUGHING. Little feet PITTER-PATTE across wood floors, gathering someplace. Stella peers into the grand library, where it’s now lined with books. A YOUNG SARAH sits in a rocking chair with a large GROUP OF CHILDREN seated around her. She smiles as finishes reading a story she’s written in a child-like vo
87) 6) dialog: “One day, the children started to get sick. And Sarah knew it was the water. The water was being poisoned by her family's rail yard...” The pipes in the walls rattle. Household items tremble. T kitchen faucet BURSTS dirty water. It bleeds through crac in the wall, seeping out of ceilings and floors. All arou pools of river water gather. As if the house was weeping.
87) 18) dialog: “When the children started dying, Sarah confronted her family..." The BANGING intensifies. Stella writes on --
87) 19) dialog: “But her family wouldn't listen to Young Sarah. And to protect the family name, they murdered the children and hid their bodies in the dam. And then told everyone that she was the monster.” MORE VIOLENT BANGING. It’s deafening... Then silence. EXT. MILL VALLEY STREETS —- NIGHT Driving his pickup, Oren overhears on the radio:
87) 21) dialog: “,.. Her family locked her away in Riverwell, where they made her forget the truth, so that she would believe her family's lies...” Behind Stella, Rotted Sarah’s cockeyed face slowly rises from out of the water, inside the room.
87) 22) dialog: “And when she tried to fix what was broken, they murdered her -- with their bare hands... Sarah hated her family for their betrayal... So she cursed them and everyone who went into their house.” Rotted Sarah releases a banshee-like SCREAM! Stella drops the book into the dark water. She swims back pushes floating articles to create distance. She chokes on a mouthful of water as she searches the roo looking for the book. But now Rotted Sarah is gone too. Stella’s head cranks, trying to cover every direction. Something touches her back -- she spins to find -- the Bo Stella's feet find some footing standing on a dresser. Sh puts her pen back to paper, only it’s not writing anymore The parchment is completely waterlogged.
87) 23) dialog: No, no, no. Come on. Please -- UNDERWATER POV: Stella’s vulnerable body. Her voice muffl Stella finds a quietness that comes over the room. The ripples calm... Without warning, Stella’s violently YANKED underwater.
87) 24) text: Stella thrashes and tries to kick free from Sarah's grasp The Book floats away from Stella’s grasp, sinking. Stella struggles for air, and to break free. The Book too from her grasp. She SCREAMS, releasing an explosion of bubbles, desperate to reach the surface. She's drowning and slowly losing consciousness. And then distant voice. Almost dreamy. 108.
87) 26) dialog: We're not all at fault. We didn’t do this to you, Sarah. My friends, Me... my mother... (infinite sadness) ... Her name was Dinah Beatrix Michaels. Rotted Sarah's curdled face slowly rises just a breath fr Stella’s. A newfound curiosity about what she is saying.
87) 27) dialog: But she wasn’t always a Michaels... At first, she was a Bellows. Trembling, Stella continues, with her deepest confession.
87) 28) dialog: She was your daughter you carried at Riverwell, wasn’t she? Do you remember? They ripped her out of your arms before they murdered you. Rotted Sarah is lost in a flood of painful memories. Stel holds strong, never taking her eyes off of Sarah.
87) 29) dialog: You cursed your family and so you cursed mine. But you aren’t the monster, Sarah. They are. You don’t want to hurt anyone, because this isn’t you. You forgot who you are. Sarah's eyes fix onto Stella’s. A fleeting moment of clar The water level quickly continuing to rise.
87) 30) dialog: You're a sweet girl, Sarah. And this is your story. Stella takes her last gulp of air as the water rises over their heads, submerging them both.
87) 32) text: Sarah no longer looks ‘rotted’ - Stella sees the real SAR BELLOWS for the first time. Sarah sweetly smiles and gently moves back a floating wis hair from Stella’s face. Just like LouLou described, she sight. A soul that has been set free from the lies that h been holding her hostage. The two women float in the center of the water-filled roo furnishings drifting about. If Stella could hold her brea forever, she would stay to look at her grandmother’s face CLOSE ON: The Bellows Book floats by to the last pages of Tie Dough-ty Walker” that describe Ramén’s death. The ink from the freshly written letters drift off the page... Stella is hypnotized by Sarah. She may never come up for The last bit of breath escaping her lips. And then -- The hatch opens above the surface, letting in light. An A PLUNGES into the water, pulling Stella up.
87) 34) dialog: You're alive!
87) 36) dialog: We saved her.
88) 0) text: Oren pulls to a stop at the Bellows Estate where some onlookers have gathered, sharing hushed whispers. His jaw drops seeing the newly restored BELLOWS HOUSE. Th front door opens, with Stella and Ramén exiting. Overcome with emotion, Oren pushes through the crowd to b with his daughter.
88) 3) text: Stella turns to see her father. His presence is far more spectacular than anything that has happened to her.
88) 4) dialog: 
88) 6) dialog: It wasn’t you... I know it wasn’t you. I know the truth.
88) 8) dialog: Stories hurt. Stories heal. He breaks the embrace to look her in the eyes, as if to convince himself she really is okay... Stella beams, tears of joy in her eyes. A brightness exud Oren embraces her again. Their relationship made whole. H knows this isn’t his sad daughter anymore. Stella is rebo Stella closes her eyes, taking in the moment. Ramén is overjoyed at the sight, partly wishing his fathe was there too. But then he sees something horrific -- The front door to the house kicks open to a wind-ravaged SHERIFF MILNER! He looks like he’s crawled out of the slu from hell. He raises his gun, when - The ground beneath the Bellows House gives way, and a por of the estate collapses into a sinkhole. The startled crowd gasps. Sheriff Milner looks up at the house, unsure if the rest it is going to fall on him. Then -- THE BASE OF THE LOOMING ON-RAMP sinks into the ground. Th soaked foundation of earth grows unstable, causing rebar bend and groan, chunks of concrete to crumble from above. Before the Sheriff can run away, the entire crowd watches on-ramp all come CRASHING DOWN. He SCREAMS as - 111. CRAAAAASH! - a mountain of concrete and iron PLUMMETS dow DESTROYING the Bellows House and Sheriff Milner with it. As the dust settles, all that remains is a MOUNTAIN OF DEBRIS. Stella and Ramén eye the pile of rubble, unsure i it’s really over.
90) 0) text: Stella lays a bouquet of yellow flowers at Dinah’s grave. Behind her stands Ramén, clean-shaven and in an army unif They walk past a few other gravestones that have been lef similar yellow bouquets... Auggie Hilderbrandt, Charles a Alice Steinberg, even Kurt Milner. 113.
91) 0) text: Oren waits in his idling truck, ready to leave town for g Stella walks up the long driveway that leads to what is l of the Bellows Estate, holding one last bouquet for Sarah Wild flowers and tall grass have already started to grow the crevices of the ruined estate. Stella climbs to the top of the rubble, where a small tre has strangely already begun to sprout. She takes a moment herself. And gently lays the bouquet down. And then rests on the g looking up to the clear, blue sky.
91) 1) dialog: Lies- stories and lies... Now everybody knows. That you were not evil. That you were in pain. There was no darkness in your heart -- She looks up -- a black cloud crosses the sun -- -- then the sound of a faint music box. The playful melody -- You May Be the Next. 114. Concerned, Stella turns to see -- Her pretty yellow flowe brown and wilt before her eyes. They sour until they are nothing but crippled stalks. Even the Beatles rendition s and warps... like a broken record player underwater. Stella turns to her father, fearful of what may come next SARAH'S ROTTED ARMS erupt from the earth, CLUTCHING her! Stella SCREAMS BLOODY MURDER, as the arms pulls her down, into the earth -- Screaming.