47) 23) dialog: (shouting) Almost missed Cappy. Caught him in his driveway, pole in his hand, headed for the Keys. Travis looks across at CAPPY, 48, black, lean, chiseled, intelligent features, wearing in contrast to the others a black insulated jumpsuit, covered with dozens of pockets and pouches. On his head is a floppy fatigue hat, several trout flies in the brim.
48) 1) dialog: What the hell is that?
52) 5) dialog: The 747's transponder and radar is off, but the E2 now has a fix on them. Our intercept should be about here, roughly an hour out of London. (beat) That gives us four hours on board before she reaches the hundred mile limit.
52) 18) dialog: I can increase the saturation. It'll put ‘em out instantly but it's pretty risky. We could lose someone before we cycle the gas out. Travis looks at Grant.
71) 0) text: Running crosswise to the plane, the nerve-center of the aircraft housing the flight recorder, transmitters, receivers and the main electrical connectors. Cahill climbs into the room, reaching down to grab a bag. Below, Travis stands at the ladder, directing the boarding. Grant follows Baker, who has already begun attaching a series of electrical leads to the ship's power supply in preparation for his equipment. Seconds later, Rat scrambles into the room, followed by Charlie. But as Charlie enters the hatch, his pack catches on the clip securing the warning switch, the clip falling unseen into the door frame.
88) 0) text: Cappy is lying on the floor, his face covered in sweat, writhing in pain as Baker carefully sprays antiseptic over Cappy's burned hand and forearm, wrapping the area with gauze bandages.
88) 1) dialog: Best I can do for now. I've got some morphine, take care of that pain.
88) 4) dialog: There's a depression, a deformity of C-7... (looks up) He's got a fractured vertebrae. We've got to immobilize him.
92) 0) text: Cappy has been strapped to a blackboard made from a bulk- head panel. Cahill, looking pale and stunned, watches with Grant as Rat and Charlie hold Cappy's head as Baker places a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation around Cappy's neck. Baker then carefully tapes Cappy's head and shoulders to the blackboard. Cappy closes his eyes, resting. A silence descends on the tiny room.
92) 3) dialog: Now what? We've got no radio, half the equipment...
92) 16) dialog: We should set up the probes, mikes. (nods to Grant) Let the Captain here have a listen. Could be a dozen of them, we don't know.
92) 18) dialog: Not much. No radio, scanners, sleep agent, only half the weapons. We've got fiber optic probes and mikes, infra-red goggles, bomb kit. That's it.
92) 20) dialog: Unless a change in speed and course, we've got three hours and forty-eight minutes.
96) 0) text: Where Baker, using a heavily padded, nearly silent ELECTRIC DRILL, bores a tiny hole into the ceiling.
98) 0) text: Removing the ceramic bit, Baker inserts into one of the two holes he has drilled a spike microphone and into the other, a fiber-optic probe. He plugs the microphone into his com-unit. On the viewscope he sees two huge boots, grossly distorted by the wide-angle lens.
98) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Shit. (CONTINUED )
98) 6) dialog: (to mike) Got one. First class cabin. W.2Z. 63 machine gun, grenade, and 9mm pistol. As he continues to watch, the terrorist from the cockpit, descends the staircase to talk. Baker switches on a tiny bug mike and we faintly hear the CONVERSATION in ARABIC..
111) 0) text: Baker, Charlie, Rat and Cahill carefully move the makeshift stretcher with Cappy strapped in place, over the tops of the baggage containers. (CONTINUED )
131) 0) text: Baker, suspended upside down, moves quickly and silently down the cable, heading toward the rear of the plane, passing Charlie as he goes. 141 142 143 144 82.
133) 0) text: Baker is positioned over the floor, holding open a panel, looking down into the rear-most cluster of bathrooms.
133) 1) dialog: (to mike) I'm in position. Rear bathrooms. Baker eases down into the room, taking up position at the door.
149) 0) text: Where Rat, Grant, Charlie and Baker sit in the nose section, assessing their situation in urgent, whispered voices. Grant is monitoring the activities in the cabin area via one of the microphones left in place. He is listening to a CONVERSATION in ARABIC.
149) 3) dialog: London?
151) 4) dialog: Four hundred passengers. Never find him. We're as good as dead. A long moment as this new reality settles in.
151) 14) dialog: Wide angle probe, hard-line cable but no camera, monitor, relay...
152) 0) text: Baker and Charlie have opened up another of the baggage containers. Charlie hands up an aluminum suitcase to Baker, who opens it, studying the contents.
152) 1) dialog: This will do.
156) 0) text: Baker is working on a home video Minicam, the aluminum suitcase open beside him. He has opened up the camera and is wiring in a small electrical harness. (CONTINUED )
156) 4) dialog: Not much resolution, but it works. Grant pats him on the shoulder.
158) 0) text: Grant, Rat and Baker are watching Fran on the tiny screen
158) 2) dialog: She's on a short leash, but has the freedom to move around the cabin... Grant looks to Rat for approval of his plan.
158) 6) dialog: I've by-passed the buzzer.
160) 0) text: Grant and Baker watching the tiny screen, watching as she moves around the work station.
160) 1) dialog: She looks pretty shaken. I don't think she'll do it.
160) 3) dialog: She's with us. Lady's a player. A momentary look from Rat, a nod of acceptance. Grant is now in charge.
160) 5) dialog: We reach U.S. airspace in forty- five minutes. 175 176 177 178 96.
167) 1) dialog: Captain, take a look at this. Grant studies the monitor as Fran again brushes her ear.
168) 0) text: Grant and Baker studying a schematic of the passenger section of the plane. Baker circles a section, Grant keying his mike.
179) 0) text: Grant looks around him, at Baker, at his face, tired and haggard. He looks defeated. Slowly a new energy and resolve begins to show on Grant's face.
181) 0) text: Grant and Baker are intently studying the monitor, traine on the mid-cabin work station. Through the wide-angle lens, we can see Fran, slowly moving down the aisle towards the station.
184) 0) text: Grant and Baker respond in shock as they listen to this late development over the monitor they have installed to the ship's radio receiver.
184) 1) dialog: Captain...
189) 0) text: Grant and Baker are hearing the TRANSMISSION from the cockpit, Grant still frantically working away at wiring harness, his face dripping with sweat. He has ten or twelve wires bunched in his hand.
201) 0) text: Grant turns to Baker.
201) 2) dialog: What about the sleeper?
218) 0) text: Baker kicks open the storage doors in the nose, bursting into the room.
228) 0) text: The pressure is now beginning to stabilize as Baker fights his way to his feet. He makes his way to Charlie, lying in the aisle, nearly unconscious. Baker moves through the work station heading for the rear of the plane, but as he steps into the aisle, Ali Hassan smashes Baker across the face with his pistol, knocking him to the floor. In the rear of the plane, Ali Hassan can see the fight in progress between Grant and the Terrorist. 247 124.