42) 0) text: Outside the Joint Chiefs Operations Center, where PETER CAHILL, early forties, intellectual, slightly hyper, wear ing a crumpled corduroy suit and yesterday's shirt, is gulping coffee from a large paper cup. He looks as if roused from sleep, only minutes ago. A portable computer rests at his feet. Travis and his Staff Officer appear, Cahill looking up. The two men stare at each other and then Cahill rises.
42) 1) dialog: Colonel Travis? Travis studies him, remembering. He nods.
42) 3) dialog: (quietly) Ramora.
46) 10) dialog: It's been modified... the pump's much stronger... Even without the mating collar there is an appropriate hatch on the 747 and the wide surface area of the aircraft should be sufficient for a link-up... (beat) I'd have to say I have extreme confidence in its application, even under the less than optimum circumstances. (CONTINUED )
48) 3) text: we see a hawk-like aircraft of black, anodized titanium, so rakish and streamlined it looks almost in flight just sitting on the ground. A flight crew, finishing last minute services and checks on the high-tech bird, remove their service equipment, the pilots entering the craft. As the team approaches the plane, Cahill appears from inside. He calls out to Travis, gesturing towards the men
48) 4) dialog: (shouting) Too much weight! Never designed for this many -- never get off the ground! (beat) And we're running late. For every minute we're here, we have to make up ten in the air. Got to go! Travis turns to the men, pointing to the equipment.
52) 30) dialog: (sheepishly) No. Three-dimensional chess. I don't do well with flying. Have to keep distracted. The Pilot's voice breaks in, heard OVER SPEAKERS in the cabin. (CONTINUED )
56) 0) text: Rat attaches a pressure valve to a small stainless steel cylinder, labeled: "GAS AGENT: SODIUM CHLORAL-HYDRATE." He re-locks the valve, replacing the cylinder into a circular, foam-filled nylon carrying case. Beside him, Charlie opens an aluminum case, marked with a wide red stripe. Enmeshed in foam is an array of highly specialized weapons: a four-shot, high-powered taser unit, equipped with Teflon barbs; lethal-looking hand shotguns mounted on heavy pistol grips; a short- barreled impact cannon with several rubber-tipped shells. Cahill, studying the team, turns to Travis, eyeing the .22 Beretta automatic strapped to his chest.
56) 1) dialog: Why all the guns?
56) 5) dialog: Once the tunnel is pressurized, I'll open the hatch to the 747. When you're inside, I'll go back up and lock it. (CONTINUED )
56) 9) dialog: (adamant ) You don't understand. Opening the final hatch is complicated, every phase critical. I can't just tell someone how to do it. Unless I can ascertain that the seal is at the proper vacuum, you may not have any mission left to accomplish. Travis considers this, Grant carefully studying him.
56) 11) dialog: But...
56) 13) dialog: (hesitant) All right, but while the pressure locks are open, both planes are vulnerable to explosive decompression. Move fast. This was designed to be carried out with both planes on automatic pilot.
57) 1) dialog: An infra-red imaging device. The air flow of heated molecular particles, surrounding the plane. Suddenly the plane pitches and rocks, encountering a pattern of turbulence as they enter the wake of the 747. Moments later, as if through parting clouds, we see a channel appear, a clear spot underneath the belly of the plane.
57) 2) dialog: There, the 'sweet-spot.' A valley of dead air, like the eye of a hurricane. They stare in awe as the tiny plane is slowly engulfed by the huge mass of the 747 above it.
64) 0) text: Cahill, at his station, is looking through a viewer while grasping a control-stick in one hand.
64) 2) dialog: Steady... steady. You're right on it... activated!
68) 0) text: Cahill quickly reads a series of gauges on the tower, indicating pressure lock at 5,000 HG IN. A HISS of AIR as he throws a switch, pressurizing the tunnel.
68) 1) dialog: Primary tunnel is pressurized and stable. I'm going up. Travis motions to Baker who moves up behind Cahill, Baker holding a stainless steel clip in his hand.
69) 0) text: Cahill climbs up the interior ladder. At the top of the tunnel is a second pressure hatch, isolating the outside collar and the skin of the 747. This section as well as the hatch is made of clear, plastic, enabling Cahill to physically examine the suction pumps outside. Cahill studies a series of pressure and vacuum gauges and then using a flashlight, inspects the suction pumps, verifying that there is a complete seal with the skin of the 747. (CONTINUED )
69) 3) dialog: (tense) Seal looks good. I'm equalizing the outer chamber. Carefully he opens a bleed valve, a HISS of AIR as the final link is pressurized. Cahill studies the gauges, consulting his watch. Taking a deep breath, he gently opens the final hatch, swinging it down into the chamber.
69) 4) dialog: I'm opening the hatch... He opens the hatch, revealing the belly of the 747 and the avionics hatch, surrounded by the heavy neoprene vacuum-collar. Cahill releases the locking device on the 747 hatch, lowering it into the tunnel. Quickly, urged by Baker, he scrambles up the ladder and inside the 747 as Baker follows, quickly placing the steel clip over a switch, closing it.
71) 0) text: Running crosswise to the plane, the nerve-center of the aircraft housing the flight recorder, transmitters, receivers and the main electrical connectors. Cahill climbs into the room, reaching down to grab a bag. Below, Travis stands at the ladder, directing the boarding. Grant follows Baker, who has already begun attaching a series of electrical leads to the ship's power supply in preparation for his equipment. Seconds later, Rat scrambles into the room, followed by Charlie. But as Charlie enters the hatch, his pack catches on the clip securing the warning switch, the clip falling unseen into the door frame.
82) 0) text: Grant, nearest the tunnel, struggles to pull the cases from the tunnel when there is a LOUD HISSING of AIR as one of the pumps begins to fail. Cahill pushes his way INTO the SCENE, looking down into the tunnel.
82) 1) dialog: (panic) We're losing the seal! Hurry! With a combined effort, Charlie, Rat and Grant, pull the gear from the tunnel and onto the floor, as Cahill stares into the tunnel, frozen, listening to the increas- ed VOLUME of HISSING. Grant frees the last of the gear, seeing Travis, fighting to climb up the ladder. Grant extends his arm.
92) 0) text: Cappy has been strapped to a blackboard made from a bulk- head panel. Cahill, looking pale and stunned, watches with Grant as Rat and Charlie hold Cappy's head as Baker places a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation around Cappy's neck. Baker then carefully tapes Cappy's head and shoulders to the blackboard. Cappy closes his eyes, resting. A silence descends on the tiny room.
92) 2) dialog: (numb) The plane depressurized. At this altitude,, the airframe would have collapsed, like an egg shell. They couldn't have... The team is silent, stunned by the reality of their situation.
92) 5) dialog: They don't know we're here. Think we're all dead... (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
92) 8) dialog: (realizes) They're going to blow us out of the sky! Cahill turns to them, panic filling his face.
92) 9) dialog: We have to negotiate with them. Tell them they know about their plot, they'll never let them reach the United States. It's our only chance. Rat, assessing their situation, speaks up.
92) 11) dialog: Look at you. There's nothing left. You've got no chance. We're the only ones who know they aren't going to make it. They have to listen... Rat reaches out, grabbing Cahill by the shirt, yanking him forward, nose to nose.
111) 0) text: Baker, Charlie, Rat and Cahill carefully move the makeshift stretcher with Cappy strapped in place, over the tops of the baggage containers. (CONTINUED )
112) 0) text: Off to one side, Grant is talking to Cahill, who stares at him, dumbfounded.
112) 1) dialog: Jesus. I don't know anything about bombs. I can't do it. Why me? Why not you?
112) 3) dialog: (puzzled) Yes, but what does that have...
112) 7) dialog: But what if I...
115) 0) text: Grant is on the com-board, headset on, monitoring the various microphones and serving as the link to the team. He keys a switch labeled "CAHILL."
115) 2) dialog: (to mike) Uh, okay, I guess. We're ready to start. (to Cappy) Cappy. The meter indicates 15 oms.
125) 0) text: Grant wipes the sweat from his brow and taking a pair of clippers from Cahill, moves his hand into the heart of the bomb.
125) 3) dialog: (to mike) We've isolated the pressure switch.
126) 0) text: Grant switches from Cahill on the "B" channel to the "A" channel.
137) 0) text: Cahill sitting beside the bomb as Cappy studies it through his mirror. Suddenly a series of red lights flash in sequence on a unit in the center of the bomb.
137) 2) dialog: (startled) I don't know. Looked like some kind of... The lights flash again.
137) 4) dialog: What?!
137) 6) text: Rat pushes the door open further, lowering his pistol, sighting down on the head of the Terrorist, a few feet away. His finger starts to squeeze the trigger... Suddenly Cahill's frantic voice breaks in. (CONTINUED )
137) 9) dialog: (filtered) Stop! Stop the attack! Stop the attack! As the Terrorist starts to turn, Rat pulls back inside, silently closing the door. He wipes the sweat from his face.
138) 2) dialog: (filtered) He said to stop. Cappy. He said to stop you.
139) 0) text: Cahill is holding the com-unit to Cappy's head.
139) 4) dialog: Christ... 151 152 153 154 155 85.
155) 0) text: Grant is talking to Cappy, Cahill sitting alongside them at the bomb site.
155) 12) dialog: (numb) As if I had a chance.
164) 5) dialog: Here goes... With trembling hands, he attaches another wire to a relay in the bomb, plugging the other end into the black box.
164) 7) dialog: (verge of panic; anger) I can't do it. My hand's shaking too much. I can't breathe.
164) 11) dialog: (numb) No... I hate fish. Hate the outdoors.
164) 14) dialog: (relieved) I did it. He turns, looking at Cappy's face, reflected in the mirror. Cappy nods, closing his eyes in relief.
173) 0) text: Cahill has isolated the wires leading to a major relay of the bomb, a harness of wires, situated near the fixed disc, the disc rotating silently behind the glass obser- vation window. Cahill approaches the wires with the laser beam. Cappy is watching Cahill's movement through the mirror.
175) 0) text: Suddenly, on the bomb, there a series of electical relays on the testing unit flashing Cahill's hand jumps, slicing is a metallic CLATTER as open and close, the lights in series... through half of the harness. His face goes rigid with fear as we CRASH ZOOM to the rotation disc as it abruptly Cahill inhales sharply... halts. (CONTINUED )
175) 4) dialog: (near hysteria) What?! What's happening?! What the hell's happening?
177) 0) text: Cahill is staring at the bomb as he listens to the exchange between Grant and Cappy. (CONTINUED )
177) 4) dialog: (exhaling) Jesus.
180) 0) text: Cahill, wide-eyed with concentration and fear, is lifting the top panel of the bomb containing the false circuitry.
180) 3) dialog: (trembling) You're right. There's a wire... hooked to a switch.
188) 0) text: Cahill is removing the last of several screws from a circular inspection plate on the side of the steel sphere
188) 3) dialog: Can't see anything.
188) 10) dialog: But what if he did, Cappy? What if he did expect us to get this far. Why quit now? Cappy smiles.
188) 12) dialog: (whispered) Jesus.
188) 15) dialog: That bad.
202) 0) text: Through the infra-red spectrum, Cahill is attempting to weave the plastic straw through the first of the light beams. He stops, withdraws the straw and wipes the sweat from his face. He picks up the straw and placing a bend in it, begins to maneuver it through and around the light beams.
212) 0) text: With the intensity of a jeweler about to cut the Hope Diamond, Cahill guides the plastic straw close to the open points, through the deadly, complicated maze of light beams.
212) 1) dialog: (to himself) Little more, little more... light as a feather. Come on up, Leroy, you're all mine... easy now. In CLOSEUP we see that Cahill is almost to the points with the plastic strip.
214) 0) text: Cahill inching closer to the points with the plastic strip.
224) 0) text: Cahill is thrown from the baggage container, across the room, an avalanche of baggage covering him, Cappy's stretcher plunging backwards into the container at a near forty-five, Cappy's head coming to rest, inches from the bomb, his good arm pinned beneath his body. Cappy looks up at the bomb as we: ZOOM IN CLOSE ON the bomb, the plastic straw, still trapped between the points by a mere millimeter beginning to vibrate.
230) 0) text: Cahill, battered and bruised, climbs INTO VIEW, seeing Cappy, uypside down, the plastic strip in place. Carefully he crawls into the container, and with a pair of wire cutters, clips through the wires at the bottom of the sphere, leading to the points. He finds the com- unit, keying the mike.
230) 1) dialog: (to mike; shaking) This is Cahill. The bomb's dismantled. We're safe. Cahill moves alongside Cappy, struggling to push the stretcher out of the container. Gasping, he puts his arm across Cappy's chest, grabbing his hand.
230) 2) dialog: (exhausted) Cappy, you did it, you did it.
235) 0) text: Rat, an I.V. attached to his arm, is carried down the aisle by medics. Behind, Cappy is gently moved on his stretcher, Cahill still at his side. As the Air Marshal is lifted INTO VIEW on a stretcher, Grant appears at his side, shaking his hand. The Marshal looks up at Fran.