47) 24) dialog: (shouting) Damn near made it, too. Several of the men look up, seeing Grant as he approaches. Travis turns, looking at Grant.
52) 27) dialog: Well then, I guess your all mine. A sober moment passes through the
75) 0) text: The team waits a moment for the buffeting to cease and then Charlie reaches down into the tunnel, pulling up one of the electronics cases. Cappy has just cleared the hatch and is starting to rise to his feet, both hands on equipment bags, when the PLANE is HIT by windshear, a sudden and VIOLENT SHOCK as the plane falls several hundred feet before it bottoms out on solid air. With the impact, Rat is thrown off balance, his body slamming into Cappy, sending him airborne across the narrow room.
88) 0) text: Cappy is lying on the floor, his face covered in sweat, writhing in pain as Baker carefully sprays antiseptic over Cappy's burned hand and forearm, wrapping the area with gauze bandages.
88) 2) dialog: No... Might need me... Got to stay awake... But as Baker moves Cappy's arm across his chest to isolate it, Cappy inhales sharply in pain.
88) 3) dialog: Baker... My neck. Whole left sife... burns like acid. (moves fingers of left hand) All down my arm... Alarmed, Baker carefully feels behind Cappy's neck, gingerly palpitating down his neck, stopping at a point near the shoulder blades. Cappy again winces, nearly fainting from the pain.
89) 0) text: With the hatch above them open, light streaming down from above, the men move rapidly for cover, Cappy left where he lays, hidden in the shadows. Anxious looks from the men as they draw their weapons.
91) 0) text: The Engineer enters the darkened, cramped room, moving towards the electrical panel. He shines a tiny flash- light on the broken fuse cover, examining the destruction with a puzzled look. Suddenly he grows wary, slowly turning, looking down at the floor, into the shadows and Cappy's sweating, pain-racked face. He's about to speak when he looks up, directly into Rat's face, a pistol pointed at him. Dumbstruck the Engineer watches as Rat indicates silence, then points to the small American Flag on his shoulder. The Engineer looks around, seeing other faces, staring at him, weapons pointed. Rat gestures to the panel, then upwards towards the cock- pit, as if to say, "Hurry up." The Engineer turns back, throwing a switch, replaces the fuse, then restores the power to the fuse. Again, Rat gestures for silence, offering the “okay" sign. The Engineer numbly nods his understanding and moves back to the ladder. He looks up into the cockpit, Ali standing above, shining a flashlight on him. The Engineer climbs the ladder.
92) 0) text: Cappy has been strapped to a blackboard made from a bulk- head panel. Cahill, looking pale and stunned, watches with Grant as Rat and Charlie hold Cappy's head as Baker places a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation around Cappy's neck. Baker then carefully tapes Cappy's head and shoulders to the blackboard. Cappy closes his eyes, resting. A silence descends on the tiny room.
92) 32) dialog: He's right. Got to know if there's a bomb. (beat) Could be a pressure switch, timer. Try to land the plane, change altitude, anything could set it off. Don't know what you're dealing with. Got to find it. The men look to Rat for a decision. Rat looks at Cappy, then to Grant. He nods.
111) 0) text: Baker, Charlie, Rat and Cahill carefully move the makeshift stretcher with Cappy strapped in place, over the tops of the baggage containers. (CONTINUED )
111) 8) dialog: (in pain) Let me have a look. Baker attaches a second eyepiece to the unit, holding one to Cappy's eye as he squeezes the trigger. Grant observes the interior along with Cappy.
111) 11) dialog: Micro-processor, dedicated fixed drive, least 40 megabytes... could be running a dozen programs... Cappy now sees the guts of the bomb, the lens moving around, showing the relays and probes, pressed into the plastic explosive at the base.
111) 12) dialog: Take me in a little closer... As the lens zooms in and moves around the interior, Cappy grows more concerned and focused by the second. (CONTINUED )
111) 17) dialog: Sweet Jesus... nerve gas, binary canisters... Plastic in two pound blocks, sixteen pounds more or less, enough to atomize this plane... Guy doesn't fuck around. This ain't no pipe-bomb and a six volt battery. (beat) This is major-league talent. The lens plays across a glass tube with several elements inside.
111) 18) dialog: Now what is this? Stop. Go in on that. Right there. (beat) Now that's something I do recognize. Barometric pressure switch. Activated on take-off, probably set to air-burst during landing. (beat) Could be the way in. Looks like an isolated trigger. If I can... if you can disable that switch, it might buy you some time. Grant stands, looking into the faces of the men grouped around him. Rat ponders the situation.
111) 31) dialog: Honestly?
111) 33) dialog: We're all lookin' up the ass end of a dead dog.
112) 10) dialog: Don't worry, Cahill, this is just like playing with Leggos, but more exciting. Bring that bomb kit over here and let's get started. Cahill slides the bomb kit into position.
112) 11) dialog: First things first. Looks like that black cover is just a lead shield. See if you can lift it off... But, Cahill, everything real easy, okay? Grant carefully releases the four spring-latches at the base of the cover. He removes the fiber-optic probe and then gently lifts the cover, revealing the bomb in its entirety.
115) 3) dialog: Okay, that's good. Looks like it's in parallel and isolated. Go ahead and complete the by-pass. Cahill attaches the end of an alligator clip to the right side of the switch, completing a by-pass loop of the unit
125) 1) dialog: Cahill, could you adjust the mirror? I want to take a better look at this thing. (Cahill adjusts mirror) That's better. Now, clip the wires on either side. Don't touch anything else. Cahill places the cutter around the wire. He hesitates and then, clips the wire, watching the om meter, the needle darting slightly and then holding on: 15 oms. Relieved, he clips the second wire.
125) 2) dialog: Good work. That should do it. Relieved, Cahill sits back, keying his com-unit.
137) 0) text: Cahill sitting beside the bomb as Cappy studies it through his mirror. Suddenly a series of red lights flash in sequence on a unit in the center of the bomb.
137) 1) dialog: What the hell was that?
137) 3) dialog: Jesus Murphy. Stop them, Cahill. Stop the hit!
137) 5) dialog: (in pain) Use the radio. Tell them to stop the hit. Now! Cahill fumbles for the channel switch on the com-unit.
139) 0) text: Cahill is holding the com-unit to Cappy's head.
139) 1) dialog: (urgent) You see any terrorist with anything looks like a transmitter, box, wires, anything?
139) 3) dialog: Well, someone just ran a program test on the bomb. Whoever he is, he's holding an override switch, and he's got his finger right on the god-damned trigger... Cahill closes his eyes.
155) 0) text: Grant is talking to Cappy, Cahill sitting alongside them at the bomb site.
155) 2) dialog: Short strokes -- it's a masterpiece. Set up on three stages; several back-ups. Pressure switch was designed to trigger as the plane landed. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
155) 6) dialog: If that failed, there's a timer operated by the fixed disc. Probably the flight time plus an hour or two.
155) 8) dialog: He's way ahead of you. Two power sources, one protects the other. Tamper-proof. Cut one, the second one sets off the bomb.
155) 10) dialog: This guy's good, real good... but I'm better. Won't be easy, but there's a way. Grant turns to Cahill.
155) 13) dialog: Don't worry about my man, Cahill, he's got what it takes. (beat) Besides, he fucks up, I'll kill him. Grant pats Cahill on the shoulder. He moves over the containers towards the Avionics Room, leaving Cahill to stare at the bomb.
164) 3) dialog: Low-power, number one. Just touch the wire for a heartbeat. In Cahill's hand is a laser-knife, the size of a fountain pen, a wire leading to a power box on the floor beside him. Cahill touches the trigger and the beam changes intensity, the wire suddenly vaporizing, leaving the bare wire underneath exposed.
164) 4) dialog: That's good. Now clip in. Cahill wipes the sweat from his brow, his shirt soaked in perspiration. At his side is a small black box, taken from the bomb kit. At one end of the box are a series of ports for electrical connections. Several wires lead from the ports to the bomb, clipped in to wires in various components.
164) 6) dialog: Outstanding. You've got the major sensors by-passed. Mr X will still think the bomb's intact. (beat) Kick the power up to three and cut the wires to that first relay. That's a load-fluctuator, a fail- safe against an electromagnetic burst. Cahill turns up the power and begins to move the laser- knife towards the bomb. But his hand begins to tremble uncontrollably. He stops.
164) 8) dialog: Settle down, Cahill. You're doing fine. You know anything about fishing? (CONTINUED )
164) 12) dialog: Doesn't matter. Shut the fuck up and listen. (beat) Take a deep breath. Relax. Close your eyes. (beat) You're sitting at your desk... it's in the middle of a pine forest. Wind cool and light, the sun shining down through the trees. You're beside a stream, water rollin' over the rocks into the most beautiful pool of deep, green water you've ever seen... Cahill's breathing slows, his face beginning to relax. Cappy closes his eyes.
164) 13) dialog: .».. You get up from your desk and walk to the pool, your fly rod in your hand, royal coachman tied on, your can't miss fly. At the back of that pool is Bad Leroy Brown, fifteen pound German trout, just startin' to rise from beneath a tangle of logs. Now, all you got to do is pull back, float your line out, lay that fly down like a feather, right in front of old Leroy's nose... Cahill opens his eyes. His hand has stopped shaking. He moves forward, cutting through the wires with the laser.
173) 0) text: Cahill has isolated the wires leading to a major relay of the bomb, a harness of wires, situated near the fixed disc, the disc rotating silently behind the glass obser- vation window. Cahill approaches the wires with the laser beam. Cappy is watching Cahill's movement through the mirror.
173) 1) dialog: We're almost home. Next stop is a little tougher. Relax. Just do what I tell you. (beat) The red one on top, first. Then, separate the wires with the spreader, cut the yellow one underneath. Just kiss that red one like a feather. Don't touch the other wires. (beat) Take your time. Slow and steady. As the laser-knife begins to glow, Cahill slowly lowers it to the first wire, beginning to cut.
175) 3) dialog: (under his breath) Decoy. A fuckin' decoy. (louder) The whole thing's a fake. He snookered us. TIGHT ON Cahill's sweating face.
175) 5) dialog: A decoy, to waste our time. The real works must be below, under the plate.
176) 0) text: Barry and Grant, listening to Cappy's devastating news.
176) 1) dialog: (filtered) Real cute, this guy. Built a decoy into the system. Time you finish fiddle-fucking around, the timer would have gone off. Cahill's screw-up probably saved us a lot of time.
177) 0) text: Cahill is staring at the bomb as he listens to the exchange between Grant and Cappy. (CONTINUED )
177) 3) dialog: We'll have to start over. Cahill, leans back, his head bumping the wall of the container.
178) 2) dialog: (filtered) I'm sorry, that's all we can do. I can't say what we'll find.
180) 1) dialog: Easy. Not too fast. Now hold it, don't move. Cahill holds the panel just inches above the top frame- work of the bomb.
180) 2) dialog: Knowing how this fucker thinks, I expect he's got a surprise for us. Check under the panel with your light. Look for something connecting the two panels, a trip- wire maybe. Holding the panel steady, Cahill lowers his head, using the light on his head gear to scan between the two levels the second level consisting of a series of relays and a softball-sized stainless steel sphere. He scans the area, seeing a hair-fine wire, attached to the top panel and below, to a micro-switch.
180) 4) dialog: That's it. Now just reach in with your nippers and clip that wire. Cahill, holding the panel with one hand, fumbles for the nippers in the tool kit. Moving them into position he cuts the wire. 196 197 198 199 106.
188) 1) dialog: Now, attach the grip. Cahill unfolds a small tripod, supporting a shaft with a suction cup at one end. He places the tripod over the sphere gently pressing the suction cup over the cover.
188) 2) dialog: Now back off, just a hair. Just enough to see if it's friendly. Cahill swallows hard, takes a deep breath and turns the reverse-screw mechanism at the top of the tripod, lifting the cover a fraction of an inch. He stops, using a tiny penlight and a dentist's mirror to examine the edges and the back side of the plate.
188) 4) dialog: Okay, back it off a little more. Cahill slowly removes the cover, revealing the interior of the hollow sphere, at the bottom of which is a tiny brass armature situated above a steel contact point, similar to that in an automobile distributor.
188) 5) dialog: Don't touch anything. Let me see those points. Cahill adjusts the mirror, holding a magnifying glass over the sphere, focusing it for Cappy.
188) 6) dialog: Looks clear. Don't think Mr. X expected us to get this far. But you need something thin and non- metallic to slip between those points. Cahill searches through the kit but can't find anything plastic. He reaches into his pocket, pulling out a handful of cocktail napkins, paper, etc. He finds a plastic coffee straw. Slitting the straw with a knife he holds it out, ready to insert it between the points. Cahill turns back to the sphere with the plastic strip, taking a deep breath. But suddenly he stops. Cahill looks up at Cappy in the mirror. (CONTINUED )
188) 11) dialog: Good call. You're starting to think like me. (beat) In the kit, there should be a pair of infra-red goggles. Find ‘em. Cahill searches through the tool kit, putting on a pair of infra-red goggles, plugging a power cable into the battery unit. He lowers the goggles into place, switching them on.
188) 13) dialog: That bad, huh?
224) 0) text: Cahill is thrown from the baggage container, across the room, an avalanche of baggage covering him, Cappy's stretcher plunging backwards into the container at a near forty-five, Cappy's head coming to rest, inches from the bomb, his good arm pinned beneath his body. Cappy looks up at the bomb as we: ZOOM IN CLOSE ON the bomb, the plastic straw, still trapped between the points by a mere millimeter beginning to vibrate.
226) 0) text: Inches from Cappy's eyes the plastic straw vibrating out-of-control. Another second... Sweat pouring from his face, Cappy strains to free his bandaged arm from the tape holding it to his chest. He moves the clumsy bandage towards the strib. Three inches away, it seems like a mile. Cappy struggles, wide-eyed, his hand moving a fraction of an inch further, but shakin so hard he's in danger of knocking the strip from the points. He moves closer. Unable to grasp the strip, Cappy lines up his bandaged hand, aiming at the strip. With the last of his strength he lunges, pushing the strip between the points. Cappy collapses.
230) 0) text: Cahill, battered and bruised, climbs INTO VIEW, seeing Cappy, uypside down, the plastic strip in place. Carefully he crawls into the container, and with a pair of wire cutters, clips through the wires at the bottom of the sphere, leading to the points. He finds the com- unit, keying the mike.
230) 3) dialog: (smiling) We did it, Cahill.
235) 0) text: Rat, an I.V. attached to his arm, is carried down the aisle by medics. Behind, Cappy is gently moved on his stretcher, Cahill still at his side. As the Air Marshal is lifted INTO VIEW on a stretcher, Grant appears at his side, shaking his hand. The Marshal looks up at Fran.