30) 0) text: The passengers reacting in confusion to the sound of the explosion. Ali walks past a U.S. Navy serviceman, now starting to rise to his feet. Ali turns, FIRING TWICE, point-blank into the man's chest, the high-caliber bul- lets ripping through the seat, also killing a woman sit- ting behind the sailor. Behind him there is a CRASH. Ali spins, raising his weapon, stopping as he sees an attendant, NANCY, backing into the partition, holding her hands over her face, her eyes wide with fear and horror. Ali studies her, calmly, appraisinlgy and then dismissing her, hands the weapon to Kahlil, the photojournalist. As if his point has been made, Ali walks swiftly down the aisle, not bothering to look at another passenger. Somewhere in the main cabin, a hand gripping a .357 Magnum, partially removed from a belt holster, hesitates before returning the revolver. Carefully, the man's hand unsnaps the holster, sliding it and the gun down to his feet where it is secreted in a dress boot, pants leg covering it. Next his Federal I.D. wallet is slipped between the seats. A wave of fear rolls through the passengers as they con- front the horrible reality -- hijacked. In a SERIES OF SHOTS, we see passengers quickly hiding jewelry, watches, Star of David medallions, passports, diamond rings.
43) 0) text: Spartan but tastefully furnished. In the center of the room three men are conversing in hushed tones. GENERAL MIKE SARLOW, head of ISA, the army's CIA, is speaking while CAPTAIN DAVID GRANT, now dressed in an army uniform, studies carefully the reactions of an ARAB DIPLOMAT, late 50's, compassionate but penetrating eyes, wearing an expensively tailored English suit.
53) 6) dialog: (under his breath) Karen! What are you doing! Get back here! But Karen stands in the aisle, holding out to the Greek boy a Nintendo game, the boy remaining frozen, staring at her. Two rows back, Karen's mother looks up, seeing Karen in the aisle, starts to rise when her husband's hand comes down firmly on her arm.