2) 0) text: The fifth man emerges, removing his dark glasses: the terrorist ABD SA'UD JAFFA, a name synonymous with death. of medium height, late 50s, he imparts an instant, chill- ing presence: skin soft and paunchy, dark circles of flesh beneath his eyes -- heartless, cold as ice, be- speaking evil and treachery. As we study his face the following SUBTITLES APPEAR: Abd Sa'ud Jaffa, once the most notorious and feared terrorist in the world, now a desperate, hunted man, his sanctuaries nearly exhausted, betrayed by even his own people. (CONTINUED )
3) 0) text: Elegant, a stone fountain as the centerpiece. Jaffa ex- tends his hands to his daughter who complies, obediently, she too in awe of this powerful, dangerous man, a man she has rarely seen. Jaffa embraces her and then presses something into her hand, a small gilded box. He speaks softly to her. Suddenly Ali is there. He nods differentially to the daughter and then whispers anxiously to Jaffa.
3) 2) dialog: (subtitles) We go. (CONTINUED )
4) 0) text: Jaffa, Ali and a bodyguard enter. Emerging from a room are three men, one of whom is dressed identically to Jaffa, his body type and face, very similar to Jaffa. The double makes momentary eye contact with Jaffa and Ali. Jaffa nods his approval. The man puts on dark glasses and the decoy team heads rapidly down the hall.
8) 0) text: Ali lowers his RADIO, nodding to Jaffa who quickly removes his necktie and replaces his business suit coat with a sports jacket, a man always in hiding.
9) 0) text: Now parked in the curved driveway is a Fiat sedan, a driver behind the wheel. Another car is parked in front of the Fiat, its driver unloading baggage for an Orthodox Greek priest who stands waiting on the sidewalk, eyes half-closed, feeling the heat of the sun on his upturned face. From the hotel lobby, two of Jaffa's guards emerge, one standing lookout, the other walking quickly to the Fiat. Looking cautiously about he leans into the driver, giving instructions. The driver starts the car but before he can back up, a taxi whips in behind, trapping it between the two cars. Three men, obviously drunk, stumble from the cab and head for the lobby, arm-in-arm, talking loudly in German. The terrorist beside the Fiat moves towards the cab, shouting at the driver to back up. The taxi driver emerges, shouting back at the terrorist. They meet at the rear of the car, arguing. Suddenly the taxi driver reaches to his back, whipping free a silenced .22 Beretta automatic. In a flash, the gun is under the chin of the bodyguard, a soft THUMP as the GUN is FIRED. The driver lays the dead bodyguard in the street, swing- ing out and around the car, leveling, FIRING TWICE, the driver in the Fiat slumping down in the seat. At the same moment, the three drunken men reach the lobby doors, one of them pulling a silenced pistol, pressing it into the lookout's stomach, FIRING. As he sits the dead man into the base of a potted tree, the other two push through the doors.
10) 0) text: As Jaffa and the remaining guard descend the stairs, a BUSINESSMAN, seated at a couch folds a paper and picking up a briefcase, follows in behind them. The two boisterous drunks spill through the doors but as they approach Jaffa and his bodyguard, pull their pistols as the Businessman moves in from behind, shoving a pistol into the bodyguard's back, a quick spin, another soft THUMP and the bodyguard drops to the floor. As the stunned patrons and employees look on, Jaffa is moved quickly toward the doors, the Businessman speaking into a lapel mike on his suit.
11) 0) text: A late-model MERCEDES SQUEALS INTO VIEW, the back door flying open as more agents leap out. Jaffa is shoved into the back seat. Just then, Jaffa's backup car pulls around the corner and into the driveway. The three terrorists inside realize what is happening, the doors fling open, their weapons drawn. At this moment, the Greek priest, who has been backing away in mock horror at the kidnapping, clears a MACH TEN MACHINE GUN from his robes, his driver pulling a similar weapon from the trunk. The two OPEN FIRE, the terrorists in the backup car disappearing in a hail of EXPLODING GLASS and ruptured metal. The priest and driver jump into their car, pulling out. As the MERCEDES PEELS OUT behind the priest's car, the businessman leaps into the taxi, hiking out the window and over the roof, FIRING several rounds into the tires and radiator of the Fiat with a SILENCED PISTOL. A second later, one of the priest's suitcases on the sidewalk EXPLODES, a dense cloud of C.S. gas enveloping the area, providing cover.
12) 0) text: Ali Hassan, hearing the faint but distinctive SILENCED SHOTS, rushes from the room, a machine pistol in his hand. Seeing the abduction below he leaps from the balcony onto the roof, running across the tiles towards the street. He sights in on the Businessman, hiked out over the cab, but stops short, seeing the silhouette of Jaffa, framed in the back seat, too dangerous a shot for a machine gun. Unwilling to risk hitting him, Ali throws out his arms, screaming a cry of defiance and revenge, his eyes wild with anger and hatred. As the car whips its way through the narrow streets, we hear the following VOICE OVER as we view the series of news reports of terrorist activities including the bomb- ing of a disco; aircraft wreckage; bombing of a military hospital, etc: (CONTINUED )
50) 0) text: Where in the dim light of the cold cell, Jaffa sits on his bunk, dressed in gray overalls. Suddenly the heavy steel door swings open and several American MPs enter, pulling Jaffa to his feet, putting him in handcuffs. As the startled Jaffa is led from his cell, he sees an American diplomat, staring at him coldly from the hallway. As he's ushered down the hall, Jaffa realizes something significant has taken place.
51) 0) text: A convoy of U.S. and British military vehicles flies past on a country highway, the access roads blocked by military police. A sign reading: "LONDON 150km" is seen in the f.g. In the third vehicle from the lead, Jaffa sits in an armored Range Rover, surrounded by soldiers, the diplo- mat seated beside him.
128) 0) text: Inside a commercial aviation building, now serving as a heavily guarded holding room for Jaffa. Soldiers and security men are everywhere. Seated on a couch, ina darkened side of the room, is Jaffa, wearing a belly- chain and handcuffs. The U.S. AMBASSADOR to England is speaking to Jaffa, two marine guards standing nearby.
128) 2) dialog: Ali is an impassioned man, but in the interests of peace, I will do my best.
144) 0) text: Jaffa sits in one of the plush cabin seats. The Arab in the tailored suit humbly approaches, speaking quietly in Arabic.
145) 1) dialog: (filtered) Listen carefully, the Americans have a message... (beat) They are preparing to meet your demands in Washington. They will give you fuel and gold for the hostages. But do not trust them. Continue radio silence, make no attempt to contact them. (beat) A glorious victory. You have done well.
145) 4) dialog: (interrupting) We cannot talk now. They must not locate this frequency.
146) 0) text: Jaffa terminates the call, hears the STATIC as the connection is severed. He returns the telephone to its cradle, a cold, menacing look as he turns to the window. (CONTINUED )
146) 3) dialog: Go with God. He jots down several items on a tablet and turns to his new charge de affairs.
146) 4) dialog: You will prepare an anonymous news release. In several hours, a C.S.A. 747 will be destroyed as it approaches the United States. (hands over the paper) This is the Arab country responsible for the highjacking and destruction of the plane. The necessary proof will be provided shortly. (thinks) Then contact General Hammad. Tell him I have a proposition to make. He sits back, a cold smile forming on his lips.
146) 5) dialog: I taught you well, Ali.
148) 0) text: Over the INTERCOM, the news of Jaffa's release has been broadcast to the terrorist guard. As he takes up the cry, the Flight Engineer looks down at the hatch leading to the avionics room.
238) 0) text: Jaffa appears in the doorway. Seeing the arriving escort, he holds up his arms in a gesture of victory.
239) 0) text: As the approaching escort draws nearer, we see Jaffa in the doorway of the jet, his arms raised. In the lead Jeep, a man dressed in desert fatigues stands and raises his arms.