30) 0) text: The passengers reacting in confusion to the sound of the explosion. Ali walks past a U.S. Navy serviceman, now starting to rise to his feet. Ali turns, FIRING TWICE, point-blank into the man's chest, the high-caliber bul- lets ripping through the seat, also killing a woman sit- ting behind the sailor. Behind him there is a CRASH. Ali spins, raising his weapon, stopping as he sees an attendant, NANCY, backing into the partition, holding her hands over her face, her eyes wide with fear and horror. Ali studies her, calmly, appraisinlgy and then dismissing her, hands the weapon to Kahlil, the photojournalist. As if his point has been made, Ali walks swiftly down the aisle, not bothering to look at another passenger. Somewhere in the main cabin, a hand gripping a .357 Magnum, partially removed from a belt holster, hesitates before returning the revolver. Carefully, the man's hand unsnaps the holster, sliding it and the gun down to his feet where it is secreted in a dress boot, pants leg covering it. Next his Federal I.D. wallet is slipped between the seats. A wave of fear rolls through the passengers as they con- front the horrible reality -- hijacked. In a SERIES OF SHOTS, we see passengers quickly hiding jewelry, watches, Star of David medallions, passports, diamond rings.
31) 0) text: As a terrorist, shouting in Arabic, pushes Fran and Nancy into the station, shoving them roughly into their jump seats. As Fran sits, she looks up, seeing the passenger manifest, hanging from the wall. Her eyes go to a name: Edward Strickler, 13-B, United States Fed- eral Air Marshal. As the terrorist turns his back, she pulls the manifest from the clipboard, slipping it into a trash receptacle. She looks up, just as Ali steps into the space. He removes his suit coat, hanging it over some work aprons on the bulkhead. Lifting the intercom handset from the wall, he speaks calmly, in perfect English.
54) 0) text: Fran, Nancy and two other attendants, sit in their jump seats. Fran warily eyes the terrorist as he passes by, the others averting him altogether. Fran turns to Nancy, sitting next to her, obviously still deeply shaken by the murders she witnessed earlier.
54) 2) dialog: (whispering; terrified) Oh God, Fran, be quiet. They're crazy... Sensing someone's presence, Nancy looks up, the words freezing in her throat as she looks into Ali's face.