16) 0) text: Where a variety of international travelers pass through the security and X-ray control area, several traveling in groups, their tour leaders dealing with last minute problems and questions. Among the passengers is a man, late 40s, European, carrying a small, laptop computer which is being checked by X-ray and a bomb analyzer, a device searching for the scent of plastic explosives. Collecting his computer from the inspection, he lights up a cigarette, looking nervously about him as he does. Behind him, a dark-complected MAN, late 20s, handsome, Mediterranean, dressed in sporty, but expensive outdoor clothing, is insisting that his two heavily-ladened camera bags be hand inspected by the agent.
25) 0) text: The "fasten seatbelt" sign winks off, the attendants and passengers settling into their in-flight routines. Mo- ments later a man leaves his seat and we follow his legs as he walks down the aisle, stopping at a seat, the Photojournalist casually looking up before returning to his magazine. The man, wearing horn-rimmed glasses, hair and mustache salt and pepper gray, skin slightly clay- like, looks like a conservative businessman or professor. He opens the overhead, removing one of the camera bags. The man moves on, towards the mid-cabin bathrooms.
30) 0) text: The passengers reacting in confusion to the sound of the explosion. Ali walks past a U.S. Navy serviceman, now starting to rise to his feet. Ali turns, FIRING TWICE, point-blank into the man's chest, the high-caliber bul- lets ripping through the seat, also killing a woman sit- ting behind the sailor. Behind him there is a CRASH. Ali spins, raising his weapon, stopping as he sees an attendant, NANCY, backing into the partition, holding her hands over her face, her eyes wide with fear and horror. Ali studies her, calmly, appraisinlgy and then dismissing her, hands the weapon to Kahlil, the photojournalist. As if his point has been made, Ali walks swiftly down the aisle, not bothering to look at another passenger. Somewhere in the main cabin, a hand gripping a .357 Magnum, partially removed from a belt holster, hesitates before returning the revolver. Carefully, the man's hand unsnaps the holster, sliding it and the gun down to his feet where it is secreted in a dress boot, pants leg covering it. Next his Federal I.D. wallet is slipped between the seats. A wave of fear rolls through the passengers as they con- front the horrible reality -- hijacked. In a SERIES OF SHOTS, we see passengers quickly hiding jewelry, watches, Star of David medallions, passports, diamond rings.
31) 0) text: As a terrorist, shouting in Arabic, pushes Fran and Nancy into the station, shoving them roughly into their jump seats. As Fran sits, she looks up, seeing the passenger manifest, hanging from the wall. Her eyes go to a name: Edward Strickler, 13-B, United States Fed- eral Air Marshal. As the terrorist turns his back, she pulls the manifest from the clipboard, slipping it into a trash receptacle. She looks up, just as Ali steps into the space. He removes his suit coat, hanging it over some work aprons on the bulkhead. Lifting the intercom handset from the wall, he speaks calmly, in perfect English.
53) 0) text: Silent as a tomb. Terrorists armed with automatic weapons are stationed at various locations on the plane. All of the window shades have been pulled down. A terrorist armed with an automatic weapon, pistol and grenade, moves slowly down the long corridor, his eyes glaring at the passengers, who sit terrified, unable to move or speak. (CONTINUED )
106) 0) text: The Air Marshal waits near the bathrooms, a Terrorist on guard. A passenger leaves one of the bathrooms, the Guard gesturing to the Marshal to enter.
157) 0) text: Fran is preparing several trays of juice and water for the passengers.
161) 0) text: Fran is moving down the aisle, carefully scrutinizing any visible carry-on luggage, bags and seat pockets for some sign of a suspicious device, all the while pretending to look after the needs of the passengers, offering them Magazines to read. Behind her, a Terrorist Guard keeps a close watch.
168) 0) text: Grant and Baker studying a schematic of the passenger section of the plane. Baker circles a section, Grant keying his mike.
172) 0) text: Charlie is positioned near the mid-section restrooms in the crawl-space above the doorways. Lying on his side he is able to peer through the fresh air vents, providing a view of passengers. Although he can see the man in 148-B, he is barely visible behind a passenger sitting in front of him. (CONTINUED )
191) 7) dialog: (terrified) Please... My name is Stanley Fisher... I have a wife and three children. (chokes ) He's holding a gun to my head. Please, do what they want... 111.
192) 1) dialog: (filtered) Please... I don't want to die... Suddenly, two SHOTS are heard OVER the SPEAKERS. A long pause and then...
217) 0) text: The lights trip off as the circuit breaker is blown, leaving everything in semi-darkness. Passengers scream.
221) 0) text: Charlie drops through the hole in the ceiling in silhouette, landing in a crouch as the lights flash back on. Charlie recovers and stands, FIRING his hand SHOTGUN, point-blank at the Terrorist in the aisleway, spinning to take out another with his pistol. The Terrorist is knocked sideways against the seats, his finger closing on the trigger of his AUTOMATIC WEAPON, letting loose a BURST which rakes across the cabin, SHATTERING TWO WINDOWS. An incredible EXPLOSION RIPS THROUGH the PLANE as the aircraft depressurizes, a portion of the hull is ripped away like paper, in an instant two rows of seats vanishin in a gaping hole... Oxygen masks drop as overhead bins erupt, the cabin becoming a hurricane of RUSHING WIND, the plane plummet- ing into a steep dive, the air filled with paper, debris, blankets, food trays, luggage and other flying objects. Charlie is sucked off his feet and slammed against the wall near the gaping hole where the windows used to be. Several passengers grab him, preventing him from going out the window. (CONTINUED )
227) 0) text: Grant, crawling over the seats, pulling himself along, nearly swimming over the passengers, trying to get to the Terrorist in the rear of the plane. The Terrorist gets to his feet, seeing Grant. He levels his weapon but Grant leaps, grabbing the Terrorist, a struggle ensuing for control of the weapon.