2) 0) text: The fifth man emerges, removing his dark glasses: the terrorist ABD SA'UD JAFFA, a name synonymous with death. of medium height, late 50s, he imparts an instant, chill- ing presence: skin soft and paunchy, dark circles of flesh beneath his eyes -- heartless, cold as ice, be- speaking evil and treachery. As we study his face the following SUBTITLES APPEAR: Abd Sa'ud Jaffa, once the most notorious and feared terrorist in the world, now a desperate, hunted man, his sanctuaries nearly exhausted, betrayed by even his own people. (CONTINUED )
42) 0) text: Outside the Joint Chiefs Operations Center, where PETER CAHILL, early forties, intellectual, slightly hyper, wear ing a crumpled corduroy suit and yesterday's shirt, is gulping coffee from a large paper cup. He looks as if roused from sleep, only minutes ago. A portable computer rests at his feet. Travis and his Staff Officer appear, Cahill looking up. The two men stare at each other and then Cahill rises.
43) 0) text: Spartan but tastefully furnished. In the center of the room three men are conversing in hushed tones. GENERAL MIKE SARLOW, head of ISA, the army's CIA, is speaking while CAPTAIN DAVID GRANT, now dressed in an army uniform, studies carefully the reactions of an ARAB DIPLOMAT, late 50's, compassionate but penetrating eyes, wearing an expensively tailored English suit.
44) 0) text: Some distance down the hallway, a door opens and Sarlow, Grant and the Arab Diplomat emerge. Travis watches as they briefly shake hands, the diplomat leaving, escorted by a waiting Pentagon official. Sarlow and Grant turn and walk towards the anteroom. As they approach, Travis appraises them carefully just as the door to the operations center swings open, a CIA OFFICER appearing.
45) 0) text: The emergency operations center of the Joint Chiefs, five stories underground, a huge oval-shaped room on two levels. (CONTINUED )
46) 0) text: CLOSE ON a video screen where a computerized blueprint is displayed, a drawing of a double-walled, ovoid cylinder, at the top of which is an inner and outer o-ring device: a series of circular, sucker-like cups, attached to a collection of pneumatic pumps. The image changes, an engineer's drawing, showing the cylinder, similar to a submarine's conning tower, attached to the top of a radically designed executive- style jet with stealth characteristics, featuring swept-back wings and a horizontal, rather than vertical, tail. Another drawing shows the cylinder telescoped upward, several times its original size, the delivery plane now positioned beneath and mated with an aircraft many times its size, a giant XB-70 bomber. Suddenly Travis gets the picture, understanding where he fits into the loop.
47) 26) dialog: Colonel, I don't see the support van. Are we takin' it?
49) 0) text: The delivery plane has taxied into position and held, ENGINES WHINING. The plane pivots hard, aiming down the runway, the ENGINE REVVING to FULL BURNER, heat waves OBSCURING FRAME as the jet accelerates...
52) 26) dialog: And if this bitch has a Cappy, resolved, opens a folding, case containing a fantastic array He looks up.
56) 0) text: Rat attaches a pressure valve to a small stainless steel cylinder, labeled: "GAS AGENT: SODIUM CHLORAL-HYDRATE." He re-locks the valve, replacing the cylinder into a circular, foam-filled nylon carrying case. Beside him, Charlie opens an aluminum case, marked with a wide red stripe. Enmeshed in foam is an array of highly specialized weapons: a four-shot, high-powered taser unit, equipped with Teflon barbs; lethal-looking hand shotguns mounted on heavy pistol grips; a short- barreled impact cannon with several rubber-tipped shells. Cahill, studying the team, turns to Travis, eyeing the .22 Beretta automatic strapped to his chest.
56) 3) dialog: Don't sweat it, they're all high-impact, close-quarter weapons. A warning light flashes on, announced by a BUZZER. The pilot's voice is heard.
60) 0) text: As it is hit by turbulence, the PARTITIONS, CABINETS RATTLING with the shock. Ali Hassan looks around him, a worried look on his face. Suddenly the plane is hit again, Ali buckling at the knees, nearly falling. He grabs a cabin phone, beads of sweat forming on his face.
71) 0) text: Running crosswise to the plane, the nerve-center of the aircraft housing the flight recorder, transmitters, receivers and the main electrical connectors. Cahill climbs into the room, reaching down to grab a bag. Below, Travis stands at the ladder, directing the boarding. Grant follows Baker, who has already begun attaching a series of electrical leads to the ship's power supply in preparation for his equipment. Seconds later, Rat scrambles into the room, followed by Charlie. But as Charlie enters the hatch, his pack catches on the clip securing the warning switch, the clip falling unseen into the door frame.
73) 0) text: Rat grabs a case from the tunnel, swinging it inside. As he turns back he sees the open switch on the hatch. Frantically he searches for the clip, finding it in the doorframe. Digging it out with his fingers, he replaces it over the switch. He looks up at the ceiling as if in anticipation...
75) 0) text: The team waits a moment for the buffeting to cease and then Charlie reaches down into the tunnel, pulling up one of the electronics cases. Cappy has just cleared the hatch and is starting to rise to his feet, both hands on equipment bags, when the PLANE is HIT by windshear, a sudden and VIOLENT SHOCK as the plane falls several hundred feet before it bottoms out on solid air. With the impact, Rat is thrown off balance, his body slamming into Cappy, sending him airborne across the narrow room.
84) 0) text: Pulls violently away from the 747 and begins to tumble out-of-control as it falls a thousand feet, the TOWER RIPPING apart, followed by one of the wings. An instant later, the plane disintegrates.
86) 0) text: An OPERATOR sits in front of a radar screen, surrounded by a complex array of radar equipment. On the screen we see the strong, steady blip of the 747, and the fading blip of the delivery plane. (CONTINUED )
91) 0) text: The Engineer enters the darkened, cramped room, moving towards the electrical panel. He shines a tiny flash- light on the broken fuse cover, examining the destruction with a puzzled look. Suddenly he grows wary, slowly turning, looking down at the floor, into the shadows and Cappy's sweating, pain-racked face. He's about to speak when he looks up, directly into Rat's face, a pistol pointed at him. Dumbstruck the Engineer watches as Rat indicates silence, then points to the small American Flag on his shoulder. The Engineer looks around, seeing other faces, staring at him, weapons pointed. Rat gestures to the panel, then upwards towards the cock- pit, as if to say, "Hurry up." The Engineer turns back, throwing a switch, replaces the fuse, then restores the power to the fuse. Again, Rat gestures for silence, offering the “okay" sign. The Engineer numbly nods his understanding and moves back to the ladder. He looks up into the cockpit, Ali standing above, shining a flashlight on him. The Engineer climbs the ladder.
92) 0) text: Cappy has been strapped to a blackboard made from a bulk- head panel. Cahill, looking pale and stunned, watches with Grant as Rat and Charlie hold Cappy's head as Baker places a makeshift cervical collar of foam insulation around Cappy's neck. Baker then carefully tapes Cappy's head and shoulders to the blackboard. Cappy closes his eyes, resting. A silence descends on the tiny room.
92) 10) dialog: I'm in charge, Cahill. Sit down and shut up. (beat) There's only one thing we can do. Take over the plane, let them know we're in command and then land it some place safe. As planned.
92) 12) dialog: (coolly) Get a grip, Cahill. (beat) We're all in the this together, so just hang with us and do what you're told. Now sit your ass down and stay put. Stunned but under control, Cahill nods, Rat releasing him. Silence settles over the room, the men now realizing there is but one choice facing them.
92) 13) dialog: All right. We need to know how many, where they are, how they're armed. (CONTINUED )
92) 17) dialog: Okay. What's left of the gear?
92) 19) dialog: And no one to fly the plane. What's our time frame? Baker consults a Plexiglass card, three analog watches indicating elapsed time; time on board; time to fail safe, the sweep hands moving at steady, unstoppable speed.
92) 21) dialog: All right. We figure out where they are, how to hit ‘em. He points to the power control boxes on the bulkheads.
92) 22) dialog: Power for lights, everything is right here. We blow the lights, use infra-red to hit ‘em hard while they're still surprised. (beat) Let's get started. Again, Grant's cautious warning sounds out.
92) 24) dialog: What's that? (CONTINUED )
92) 28) dialog: We'll worry about that after we take the plane. We can't spare the time to look for it.
92) 30) dialog: (irritated) Let's get one thing straight, Captain. You're still along as an advisor. Stick with the interpreting. When I need your opinion, you'll know it.
92) 33) dialog: We'll look for it while we're setting up. Charlie, tools and bomb kit. Get started.
93) 0) text: The Flight Engineer is staring at the hatch on the floor, leading to the Avionics Room. He looks up at the terrorist guard in the doorway and then to the pilots, a look of frustration on his face. He's dying to tell them.
94) 0) text: Rat, reaching the bulkhead leading to the forward galley, uses a pair of hydraulically powered shears to cut through the wall.
95) 0) text: Carefully pushing aside the bulkhead, Rat, gun in hand, enters the galley. Seeing the blanket on the floor, he pulls it back, finding the dead attendant. He replaces the blanket, going to the elevator door, carefully opening it. Seeing that the lift is above him on the main cabin level, he begins to cut the rivet heads from the floor using his shears.
100) 0) text: Where Rat, suspended upside-down, attached to a special harness to a thin cable, strung the entire length of the plane, pulls himself along on silent rollers, a human gondola. The air temperature is cold enough to fog the breath.
100) 1) dialog: (to headset) Okay, I'll check it out. I'm at mid-cabin. Hold on... He stops, twisting to his side, pushing the viewscope probe and mike through a joint in one of the ceiling panels.
100) 7) dialog: (to headset) Four in the main cabin, listening to a radio. Two others, in the aisles. Machine guns, side arms, grenades.
102) 0) text: The air temperature also cold enough to fog the breath. (CONTINUED )
102) 5) dialog: (filtered) I'm on my way.
104) 0) text: We MOVE ACROSS the tops of baggage containers, barely two feet of clearance overhead. Tiny lights have been clipped to the ceiling, illuminating the darkened room with red light. We ARRIVE at a container, opened up like a soup can, baggage strewn everywhere. Overhead lights illuminate the open container as if it were the crater at Tycho in 2001. Inside is Rat and Charlie. Charlie examines some- thing in the container with his detector.
104) 2) dialog: Whatever it is, it's sittin' on enough Semtex to fuck up your whole day.
104) 4) dialog: Take a look. Charlie uses the probe to examine the container. He looks up, confused.
104) 6) dialog: (to mike) Captain, you know anything about bombs? 120
105) 0) text: Grant at the com-board, listening to Rat.
105) 2) dialog: There's something I want you to look at -- forward baggage compartment.
108) 0) text: Grant eases into the pit, replacing Charlie. He takes the probe from Rat, studying the interior of the bomb a moment before standing. He looks puzzled, very worried.
108) 2) dialog: We can't move him.
111) 0) text: Baker, Charlie, Rat and Cahill carefully move the makeshift stretcher with Cappy strapped in place, over the tops of the baggage containers. (CONTINUED )
111) 6) dialog: Sorry to do this to you, Cappy. But we've got a bad one here.
111) 19) dialog: Okay, we go as planned. We shut this thing down, take over the plane and get it to someplace safe.
111) 22) dialog: (stunned) Cahill?
111) 29) dialog: Except it doesn't go boom if you fuck up. (thinks) What the hell. All right, it's your baby. The rest of us, let's get in position. Charlie, mid- cabin. Baker, rear compartments. I'll take the cockpit, business class. Keep your units on. Let's go. The commandos depart leaving Grant and Cappy behind. Grant turns to Cappy.
116) 0) text: FROM ABOVE, we see the floor of the elevator pushed upward, revealing Rat in the lower galley. With the skill of a gymnast he carefully wedges his way upward into the elevator, holding his body against the wall as he closes the floor panel. Holding tight to the wall, he carefully peers out the elevator window, seeing Fran, her back to him, working at the galley. 128 129 130 131
117) 0) text: Fran catches sight of a movement, reflected in the polished surface of the stainless steel wall. Startled, she turns and before Rat can duck, their eyes meet, a look of total shock registering on her face. The flag is visible on Rat's shoulder as he puts his finger to his lips. Suddenly Fran hears SOMEONE APPROACHING from behind, Ali appearing. A moment's hesitation and then she turns, grabbing a coffee urn and a cup. Putting her back to the elevator window, she offers Ali a cup of coffee. He stares at her suspiciously and then accepts the coffee.
118) 0) text: Rat rapidly turns his attention to the overhead panel. Pulling the panel downward, he pulls himself into the upper section, reaching down to close the panel.
120) 0) text: Above the coach section, the longest open space of the plane, consisting of support struts and ribs for the ceiling structure; air conditioning units; ducting, wiring and hydraulic lines. Rat is crouched on one knee, closing the top panel to the elevator shaft.
120) 1) dialog: (to mike) Shit, I was made. Attendant saw me in the elevator. (beat) Grant, you copy this?
121) 5) dialog: (urgent) She's working the mid-cabin. Short blonde hair, five six.
122) 0) text: Rat continues on, spider-walking along the support beams, reaching up to clip in to the trolley cable when his foot hits a patch of grease, his foot flying out from under hi In one cat-like movement, Rat flips his position, catchin himself spread-eagled over the lower support beams, directly over the plastic ceiling panels for the main cabin. Sweat drips from his face as he carefully regains his position.
124) 0) text: As Rat, moving down the cable, approaching the forward- most section of the plane, Charlie's voice cuts in.
124) 2) dialog: Okay, stand by. I'm at the forward section. Let's see how bad it is up there. He moves on, pulling himself along the cable towards the forward section. 134
126) 2) dialog: Thanks. All right, everyone in final positions. Captain, I need to see you in the forward galley, right away. Grant seems puzzled by this.
129) 0) text: Rat and Grant are conferring off to one side of the elevator, just below the emergency escape hatch, leading to the main cabin aisle above. Rat hands Grant a hand shotgun, the size of a flare gun.
129) 1) dialog: There's just too many of them, Captain. We need another gun. Grant looks at the weapon.
129) 3) dialog: Don't worry, with this you can't miss. One guy on station just above us. I'll cue you, you'll have the element of surprise. Rat grabs the escape handle to the hatch in one hand, holding the weapon tight to his chest in the other.
129) 4) dialog: Hold it tight, like this. Push up hard, two steps up the ladder, aim straight at his chest and fire. Don't think, just shoot.
130) 1) text: Directly behind business class. Rat emerges from a service hatch, easing to the floor inside the closet. Cautiously he parts the two doors, looking into the business class compartment and the cockpit just beyond.
130) 2) dialog: (to mike) In the business class closet. I'll be set in about thirty seconds.
132) 1) dialog: (filtered) I'll take the man in the cockpit first, then down the stairs for the second. You all move ten seconds later. Baker, Charlie...
134) 2) text: Rat, his hand on the doors, is holding a silenced .22 automatic pistol. Through a crack in the door he can see the Terrorist standing several feet away, his back to him.
134) 3) dialog: (whisper) Okay, dude is right in my sights. Here we go... 83.
137) 6) text: Rat pushes the door open further, lowering his pistol, sighting down on the head of the Terrorist, a few feet away. His finger starts to squeeze the trigger... Suddenly Cahill's frantic voice breaks in. (CONTINUED )
137) 10) dialog: (under his breath) Jesus!
138) 1) dialog: (filtered) Cahill, what the fuck is going on?!
138) 3) dialog: (filtered) Cappy. What is it?
139) 2) dialog: (filtered) No. Just weapons.
149) 0) text: Where Rat, Grant, Charlie and Baker sit in the nose section, assessing their situation in urgent, whispered voices. Grant is monitoring the activities in the cabin area via one of the microphones left in place. He is listening to a CONVERSATION in ARABIC.
151) 6) dialog: That's not what we came here to do.
151) 8) dialog: Captain. (as Grant looks up) Any ideas? Grant looks at his watch. Thinks a moment.
153) 0) text: Rat carefully drills a tiny hole by hand through one of the bulkheads. He attaches a long cable to the two electrical leads on the end of a six-inch long lens, the diameter of a pencil. Carefully he begins to push the lens into the hole.
156) 3) dialog: Ran the cable down the back side of the elevator shaft. They'll never see it. Baker takes the cable, twisting the wires into those leading from the camera. He switches on the camera. On the tiny view screen of the camera, we see the wide angle, black and white image of the main cable. Random static crosses the picture.
158) 0) text: Grant, Rat and Baker are watching Fran on the tiny screen
158) 3) dialog: All right. Try it. Baker hands Grant a switch, wired into the electrical system of the plane. (CONTINUED )
160) 4) dialog: Good move, Captain. I'll get upstairs, watch her. If she fingers someone, we'll have to move fast. Rat leaves via the flap leading to the baggage compart- ment. Baker looks at his tac-board. We PUSH IN ON the watches, the elapsed timer running down to forty-five minutes remaining.
168) 2) dialog: (filtered) I got it.
171) 0) text: Rat, using the fiber-optic viewscope, is lying on his stomach, observing something below. He is wedged into an impossibly tight position, under an air-conditioning vent. CLOSE ON the monitor as the fiber-optic probe pans across the heavy-set Woman's legs, zooming in on small computer, tucked against the leg and the seat of the man in 148-B.
171) 1) dialog: Could be a small computer, between his leg and the seat. Looks like he's hiding it. All I can see is his legs. Air conditioning unit, right in the way. But the computer is definitely suspicious. It has to be him.
171) 3) dialog: Can't move up here, barely breathe, no hope for a shot. Charlie, what about you?
178) 0) text: TIGHT ON Rat's watch. In anger, Rat slams his fist into his hand. He seems near the breaking point.
178) 1) dialog: Jesus, we've got less than fifteen minutes.
178) 3) dialog: Then we go now, blow the lights, take our chances.
178) 5) dialog: We're not going to make it.
179) 5) dialog: What about the sleeper?
180) 0) text: Cahill, wide-eyed with concentration and fear, is lifting the top panel of the bomb containing the false circuitry.
192) 0) text: Kaplan and his team sit transfixed in horror as they listen to the man's desperate pleadings.
219) 0) text: The ceiling panels disintegrate as they are blown apart, a powerful flash illuminating the cabin.
220) 0) text: As Rat kicks through the sleeper doors behind the business class seats.
222) 0) text: Rat is sucked off his feet and pulled down the stairwell amid a whirlpool of rushing air and debris.
224) 0) text: Cahill is thrown from the baggage container, across the room, an avalanche of baggage covering him, Cappy's stretcher plunging backwards into the container at a near forty-five, Cappy's head coming to rest, inches from the bomb, his good arm pinned beneath his body. Cappy looks up at the bomb as we: ZOOM IN CLOSE ON the bomb, the plastic straw, still trapped between the points by a mere millimeter beginning to vibrate.
226) 0) text: Inches from Cappy's eyes the plastic straw vibrating out-of-control. Another second... Sweat pouring from his face, Cappy strains to free his bandaged arm from the tape holding it to his chest. He moves the clumsy bandage towards the strib. Three inches away, it seems like a mile. Cappy struggles, wide-eyed, his hand moving a fraction of an inch further, but shakin so hard he's in danger of knocking the strip from the points. He moves closer. Unable to grasp the strip, Cappy lines up his bandaged hand, aiming at the strip. With the last of his strength he lunges, pushing the strip between the points. Cappy collapses.
229) 0) text: Grant, struggling to tear the weapon from the Terrorist's hands. As they spin around, the WEAPON FIRES, a burst ripping through the ceiling. With a final effort, Grant knees the Terrorist in the groin, twice, ripping the weapon free, using it to bludgeon the Terrorist to the floor. Grant falls as well, the weapon flying from his hands, lodging under a seat. Grant, exhausted, nearly sick, struggles to his feet and turns. Facing him is Ali Hassan, his face wild and crazed. He raises his weapon, leveling it at Grant... But his eyes go wide in shock as several SHOTS RING OUT. Blood spurts from Hassan's mouth as he turns and falls, face down. Standing behind him is Fran, Grant's .22 automatic in her hand. She looks at the gun, her hand beginning to tremble. Grant takes the weapon, bending to pick up Ali Hassan's weapon as well. As Grant rolls over the body... Ali laughs, a grenade in his hand. He pulls the pin. Instinctively, Grant lunges, his hand grabbing Ali's, holding it and the grenade handle closed. A desperate struggle ensues, Ali fighting to release the grenade, Grant to keep control of Ali's hand while trying to subdue him. As they slam against the outer bulkhead, Grant looks up, seeing an emergency exit door. Wrestling himself into position, Grant kicks upward with all of his strength, the release handle for the door flying, the door pivoting outward as the emergency slide, in an explosion of air, extends... Grant breaks free, shoving Ali backwards. As Ali flies out the door, making a desperate grab for the slide, he drops the grenade, spoon flying, the grenade wedging in the doorway. Ali, arms entangled in a safety line, is ripped to the end of the slide, flapping wildly in the wind. Grant kicks the grenade, dislodging it from the doorframe the grenade skittering down the slide. Ali screams...
235) 0) text: Rat, an I.V. attached to his arm, is carried down the aisle by medics. Behind, Cappy is gently moved on his stretcher, Cahill still at his side. As the Air Marshal is lifted INTO VIEW on a stretcher, Grant appears at his side, shaking his hand. The Marshal looks up at Fran.
241) 1) text: As if seen from a satellite, the expanding fireball racin across the runway, the escort vehicles turning desperatel away.