2) 0) text: The fifth man emerges, removing his dark glasses: the terrorist ABD SA'UD JAFFA, a name synonymous with death. of medium height, late 50s, he imparts an instant, chill- ing presence: skin soft and paunchy, dark circles of flesh beneath his eyes -- heartless, cold as ice, be- speaking evil and treachery. As we study his face the following SUBTITLES APPEAR: Abd Sa'ud Jaffa, once the most notorious and feared terrorist in the world, now a desperate, hunted man, his sanctuaries nearly exhausted, betrayed by even his own people. (CONTINUED )
9) 0) text: Now parked in the curved driveway is a Fiat sedan, a driver behind the wheel. Another car is parked in front of the Fiat, its driver unloading baggage for an Orthodox Greek priest who stands waiting on the sidewalk, eyes half-closed, feeling the heat of the sun on his upturned face. From the hotel lobby, two of Jaffa's guards emerge, one standing lookout, the other walking quickly to the Fiat. Looking cautiously about he leans into the driver, giving instructions. The driver starts the car but before he can back up, a taxi whips in behind, trapping it between the two cars. Three men, obviously drunk, stumble from the cab and head for the lobby, arm-in-arm, talking loudly in German. The terrorist beside the Fiat moves towards the cab, shouting at the driver to back up. The taxi driver emerges, shouting back at the terrorist. They meet at the rear of the car, arguing. Suddenly the taxi driver reaches to his back, whipping free a silenced .22 Beretta automatic. In a flash, the gun is under the chin of the bodyguard, a soft THUMP as the GUN is FIRED. The driver lays the dead bodyguard in the street, swing- ing out and around the car, leveling, FIRING TWICE, the driver in the Fiat slumping down in the seat. At the same moment, the three drunken men reach the lobby doors, one of them pulling a silenced pistol, pressing it into the lookout's stomach, FIRING. As he sits the dead man into the base of a potted tree, the other two push through the doors.
11) 0) text: A late-model MERCEDES SQUEALS INTO VIEW, the back door flying open as more agents leap out. Jaffa is shoved into the back seat. Just then, Jaffa's backup car pulls around the corner and into the driveway. The three terrorists inside realize what is happening, the doors fling open, their weapons drawn. At this moment, the Greek priest, who has been backing away in mock horror at the kidnapping, clears a MACH TEN MACHINE GUN from his robes, his driver pulling a similar weapon from the trunk. The two OPEN FIRE, the terrorists in the backup car disappearing in a hail of EXPLODING GLASS and ruptured metal. The priest and driver jump into their car, pulling out. As the MERCEDES PEELS OUT behind the priest's car, the businessman leaps into the taxi, hiking out the window and over the roof, FIRING several rounds into the tires and radiator of the Fiat with a SILENCED PISTOL. A second later, one of the priest's suitcases on the sidewalk EXPLODES, a dense cloud of C.S. gas enveloping the area, providing cover.
12) 0) text: Ali Hassan, hearing the faint but distinctive SILENCED SHOTS, rushes from the room, a machine pistol in his hand. Seeing the abduction below he leaps from the balcony onto the roof, running across the tiles towards the street. He sights in on the Businessman, hiked out over the cab, but stops short, seeing the silhouette of Jaffa, framed in the back seat, too dangerous a shot for a machine gun. Unwilling to risk hitting him, Ali throws out his arms, screaming a cry of defiance and revenge, his eyes wild with anger and hatred. As the car whips its way through the narrow streets, we hear the following VOICE OVER as we view the series of news reports of terrorist activities including the bomb- ing of a disco; aircraft wreckage; bombing of a military hospital, etc: (CONTINUED )
28) 0) text: The door to the elevator bursts open as the third terror- ist storms into the galley, slamming Judy across the chest, knocking her unconscious against the bulkhead, her head striking the counter with a sickening THUD as she falls. The terrorist begins tearing into the food carts scat- tering several of the trays to the floor. A moment later he finds what he is looking for, several automatic weapons and two grenades, hidden among the rows of food trays.
29) 0) text: The Terrorist approaches the cockpit door, an ATTENDANT, working in business class seeing him.
29) 2) dialog: Your new course, Captain. Careful, I ama pilot. No tricks. 36 37 13.
31) 0) text: As a terrorist, shouting in Arabic, pushes Fran and Nancy into the station, shoving them roughly into their jump seats. As Fran sits, she looks up, seeing the passenger manifest, hanging from the wall. Her eyes go to a name: Edward Strickler, 13-B, United States Fed- eral Air Marshal. As the terrorist turns his back, she pulls the manifest from the clipboard, slipping it into a trash receptacle. She looks up, just as Ali steps into the space. He removes his suit coat, hanging it over some work aprons on the bulkhead. Lifting the intercom handset from the wall, he speaks calmly, in perfect English.
53) 0) text: Silent as a tomb. Terrorists armed with automatic weapons are stationed at various locations on the plane. All of the window shades have been pulled down. A terrorist armed with an automatic weapon, pistol and grenade, moves slowly down the long corridor, his eyes glaring at the passengers, who sit terrified, unable to move or speak. (CONTINUED )
54) 0) text: Fran, Nancy and two other attendants, sit in their jump seats. Fran warily eyes the terrorist as he passes by, the others averting him altogether. Fran turns to Nancy, sitting next to her, obviously still deeply shaken by the murders she witnessed earlier.
61) 0) text: The TERRORIST hangs up the phone, turning to the Captain.
61) 1) dialog: Begin an ascent to thirty-six thousand feet. The Captain turns to the FLIGHT ENGINEER.
61) 3) dialog: No, no radar. Just climb. (CONTINUED )
61) 7) dialog: No radar!
61) 9) dialog: (shouting) You will obey! The Terrorist COCKS his PISTOL, leveling it at the pilot's head.
72) 0) text: The light on the dash winks on again, catching the attention of the Captain and First Officer. The Terrorist guard, standing behind them, still holding a gun on the pilot, also notices the light.
72) 1) dialog: What is that light? The First Officer thumps it with his finger.
72) 4) dialog: Where is this room?
78) 3) dialog: (subtitles) Ali. It's a trick. We turn on the radar, they can find us. They'll discover us when we turn back. The plan was not to...
90) 0) text: The Flight Engineer descends into the tunnel, Ali standing over him, a flashlight in his hand, the Terrorist Guard pointing a gun at him. The Engineer looks at the gun.
93) 0) text: The Flight Engineer is staring at the hatch on the floor, leading to the Avionics Room. He looks up at the terrorist guard in the doorway and then to the pilots, a look of frustration on his face. He's dying to tell them.
97) 0) text: CLOSE ON a section of carpet as the ceramic tip of the drill silently emerges at a forward angle. As we PULL BACK, we realize that the drill has just missed the boot of one of the terrorist guards. An inch in the other direction...
106) 0) text: The Air Marshal waits near the bathrooms, a Terrorist on guard. A passenger leaves one of the bathrooms, the Guard gesturing to the Marshal to enter.
107) 1) dialog: Too long! Back to your seat! The Marshal bends to flush, the note stuck to the bowl near the top. He FLUSHES, the water flowing over the note, still stuck. He FLUSHES AGAIN...
107) 2) dialog: Out! The Terrorist yanks the Marshal around, just as the water catches the paper, swirling it down the toilet. 121 122 70.
113) 0) text: With the Terrorist Guard now downstairs, the Flight Engineer is trying to tell the disbelieving pilots what he witnessed earlier.
114) 0) text: Where the Marshal ponders his dilemma, carefully studying the positions of the Terrorists, trying to formulate a plan.
134) 2) text: Rat, his hand on the doors, is holding a silenced .22 automatic pistol. Through a crack in the door he can see the Terrorist standing several feet away, his back to him.
136) 0) text: Where the four Terrorists are grouped, listening to the radios. A NEWS BROADCAST is underway on the SHORTWAVE.
137) 6) text: Rat pushes the door open further, lowering his pistol, sighting down on the head of the Terrorist, a few feet away. His finger starts to squeeze the trigger... Suddenly Cahill's frantic voice breaks in. (CONTINUED )
148) 0) text: Over the INTERCOM, the news of Jaffa's release has been broadcast to the terrorist guard. As he takes up the cry, the Flight Engineer looks down at the hatch leading to the avionics room.
159) 0) text: Fran staring at the flashing light. She looks around, seeing one of the Terrorist Guards standing nearby. She looks at the flashing light... and then picks up the phone.
161) 0) text: Fran is moving down the aisle, carefully scrutinizing any visible carry-on luggage, bags and seat pockets for some sign of a suspicious device, all the while pretending to look after the needs of the passengers, offering them Magazines to read. Behind her, a Terrorist Guard keeps a close watch.
165) 0) text: Fran is moving down the aisle, the Terrorist Guard strolling close behind. (CONTINUED )
166) 0) text: Fran, with her BACK TO US, a terrorist standing nearby, appears to be replenishing her drink tray, pulling down paper cups from an overhead bin and working on something before her. But as we move alongside her, we see that between movements, she hurriedly scribbles something on the back of the tray with a lipstick.
167) 0) text: CLOSE ON the TV monitor, showing Fran just inside the galley. As one of the Terrorist Guards passes by, she turns back to her station, busying herself with some- thing. She turns back, and while looking at the probe, brushes her ear several times, looking around her.
185) 0) text: The crew and the Terrorist Guard listen in stunned silence as the F-14's demands are repeated.
185) 4) dialog: You will say nothing. You will stay on course. The Terrorist picks up a phone, pressing the buzzer. He speaks in Arabic.
185) 5) dialog: (subtitles) Ali. Fighter planes. They say they will shoot if we do not turn away.
186) 0) text: Ali Hassan is listening to the Terrorist's report. He slams down the phone and moves towards the forward section, a look of wild rage and anger on his face. We GO WITH him as he moves towards the forward section, HOLDING ON the Air Marshal, who, seeing the disturbed look on Ali's face, carefully reaches down, removing his revolver from his boot, hiding it under his thigh. By his expression we can see he is trying to formulate some kind of attack.
204) 0) text: The flashing light on the phone is becoming more urgent. Quietly, Fran rises and lifts the phone from its cradle, the Terrorist Guard still with his back to her. Her crew mates stare at her in disbelief.
209) 0) text: Grant, now dressed in the terrorist's clothing, is speak- ing on his headset.
215) 0) text: In the next section aft, alerted by the commotion, the Terrorist Guard has moved through the work station and seeing Grant's face in profile, raises his weapon to fire Grant still unaware of his presence. Suddenly, the Air Marshal springs like a jack-in-the-box from his seat, a .357 revolver held in combat stance. Grant reacts, raising his weapon...
221) 0) text: Charlie drops through the hole in the ceiling in silhouette, landing in a crouch as the lights flash back on. Charlie recovers and stands, FIRING his hand SHOTGUN, point-blank at the Terrorist in the aisleway, spinning to take out another with his pistol. The Terrorist is knocked sideways against the seats, his finger closing on the trigger of his AUTOMATIC WEAPON, letting loose a BURST which rakes across the cabin, SHATTERING TWO WINDOWS. An incredible EXPLOSION RIPS THROUGH the PLANE as the aircraft depressurizes, a portion of the hull is ripped away like paper, in an instant two rows of seats vanishin in a gaping hole... Oxygen masks drop as overhead bins erupt, the cabin becoming a hurricane of RUSHING WIND, the plane plummet- ing into a steep dive, the air filled with paper, debris, blankets, food trays, luggage and other flying objects. Charlie is sucked off his feet and slammed against the wall near the gaping hole where the windows used to be. Several passengers grab him, preventing him from going out the window. (CONTINUED )
227) 0) text: Grant, crawling over the seats, pulling himself along, nearly swimming over the passengers, trying to get to the Terrorist in the rear of the plane. The Terrorist gets to his feet, seeing Grant. He levels his weapon but Grant leaps, grabbing the Terrorist, a struggle ensuing for control of the weapon.
228) 0) text: The pressure is now beginning to stabilize as Baker fights his way to his feet. He makes his way to Charlie, lying in the aisle, nearly unconscious. Baker moves through the work station heading for the rear of the plane, but as he steps into the aisle, Ali Hassan smashes Baker across the face with his pistol, knocking him to the floor. In the rear of the plane, Ali Hassan can see the fight in progress between Grant and the Terrorist. 247 124.
229) 0) text: Grant, struggling to tear the weapon from the Terrorist's hands. As they spin around, the WEAPON FIRES, a burst ripping through the ceiling. With a final effort, Grant knees the Terrorist in the groin, twice, ripping the weapon free, using it to bludgeon the Terrorist to the floor. Grant falls as well, the weapon flying from his hands, lodging under a seat. Grant, exhausted, nearly sick, struggles to his feet and turns. Facing him is Ali Hassan, his face wild and crazed. He raises his weapon, leveling it at Grant... But his eyes go wide in shock as several SHOTS RING OUT. Blood spurts from Hassan's mouth as he turns and falls, face down. Standing behind him is Fran, Grant's .22 automatic in her hand. She looks at the gun, her hand beginning to tremble. Grant takes the weapon, bending to pick up Ali Hassan's weapon as well. As Grant rolls over the body... Ali laughs, a grenade in his hand. He pulls the pin. Instinctively, Grant lunges, his hand grabbing Ali's, holding it and the grenade handle closed. A desperate struggle ensues, Ali fighting to release the grenade, Grant to keep control of Ali's hand while trying to subdue him. As they slam against the outer bulkhead, Grant looks up, seeing an emergency exit door. Wrestling himself into position, Grant kicks upward with all of his strength, the release handle for the door flying, the door pivoting outward as the emergency slide, in an explosion of air, extends... Grant breaks free, shoving Ali backwards. As Ali flies out the door, making a desperate grab for the slide, he drops the grenade, spoon flying, the grenade wedging in the doorway. Ali, arms entangled in a safety line, is ripped to the end of the slide, flapping wildly in the wind. Grant kicks the grenade, dislodging it from the doorframe the grenade skittering down the slide. Ali screams...
234) 0) text: The 747 sits illuminated by powerful floodlights, attache to special cranes. The area is heavily guarded and sur- rounded by squads of fire trucks, ambulances, military vehicles and a huge, bomb-disposal rig, from which demo- lition experts are unloading with a forklift a huge steel box, into which the bomb will be placed. The cargo doors to the 747 are open and men in EVA suits are entering the plane. The terrorists' bodies, now in body bags are being placed in the bed of a large truck.