0) 3) dialog: Though I hadn't seen or spoken to Sheldrake in over thirty years, it seemed impossible that his heart was the thing that had finally failed him...
1) 0) text: CHUCK GIEG, 49, thin, windswept and handsome, is behind the wheel.  He pulls down a narrow cobble stone street that leads to the wharf.
1) 1) dialog: I never got close to him, nobody did.  But by the time we made Tampa, I was sure I knew who he was, that I understood what he saw, what nourished his soul and tested his faith...
2) 0) text: Chuck stares out across the harbor.  In the distance, the echoes of singing masts.  Shrouds and canvas softly ping. The small boats of Mystic tug restlessly at their moorings.
2) 1) dialog: He had taken us to worship, where, what was for him, the holiest of holies.  And, for us too by the end...
3) 0) text: Chuck stands silently on the periphery of a gathering of people.  They surround a small building, a neighborhood clinic.  A worn gray stone, long in the earth, dedicates the structure.
3) 5) dialog: Though he had moved on with his life, now even for the years, to hear him eulogized by strangers, seemed strange.  He had been a hewner of stones, a pilot by the silent stars.  Like me, alone among many.  But most of all for us, the crew of the brigantine Albatross, he was always and would forever be... our Skipper. A SHIP'S BELL turns him around.  Ding ding.  Ding ding. beautiful three masted schooner steady on the water slips into port.  A picture out of another time, another place. It takes him away...
4) 3) dialog: I was just thinking that I never had a new pair of shoes till I was twelve.
4) 5) dialog: It's not a vacation, it's private school.
4) 7) dialog: That's not why he's sending me.
4) 9) dialog: Because it looks good. Chuck looks out, yearning.  Will considers him, troubled.
4) 10) dialog: I'm just not like you.  Ya know? I'm never going to go to Yale.  I'm never going to be "William".
4) 12) dialog: He does.
5) 0) text: Maple street, USA, tree lined and quaint.  The Gieg home is a modest two story house with a covered porch.  The family station wagon is poised for departure.  CHARLES, 45, a generally serious man broods as MIDDY, their mother 40, soft and thoughtful, exits the house.  Chuck and Will appear from the woods.
5) 4) dialog: I won't. Will shoves out a hand at Chuck.
6) 0) text: Chuck sits in the drivers seat.  Middy is in the back. Charles slams the trunk and gets in.  Before Chuck turns the ignition...
6) 5) dialog: No, I didn't.
6) 7) dialog: Me too.
6) 10) dialog: I don't feel like driving.  Okay? Charles regards him oddly.
7) 0) text: The National Airlines Boeing 707 is bigger than anything Chuck has ever seen.  Passengers begin boarding.  Charles stands away, detached.
7) 2) dialog: Yes.
7) 4) dialog: Look, I just better go. Middy hugs her son.
7) 5) dialog: Goodbye Mom.  I'll be okay.
7) 8) dialog: Yes sir. Charles extends his hand.  They shake.  Then Chuck hurrie away into the crowd.  Charles and Middy watch until he is out of sight.
8) 0) text: Chuck settles into his seat next to the window.  He watches as the world slips away beneath the wings of the 707.
9) 0) text: Another world.  Chuck stands in line at the customs booth He cranes his neck to see the brilliant blue water and coral reefs beyond the runway. Three other boys are ahead of him in line.  The CUSTOMS AGENTS go through every piece of luggage.  TOD JOHNSTONE, 16, thin and blonde, is in a heated argument with one of the agents about his spear gun. RICK MARCH, 17, wise-cracking and confident, shakes his head, smiling.  He spots Chuck, moves through the line an shoves out a hand.
9) 2) dialog: Yeah.
9) 4) dialog: Gieg, Chuck.
9) 6) dialog: Whatever. One of the agent starts pulling things out of Rick's duffel bag.  He finds a dive knife.
11) 0) text: The boys are jammed inside with their things.  In additio to Chuck, Rick and Tod, is CHARLIE STRATTON, also sixteen
11) 6) dialog: (warming a little)
12) 1) dialog: What happened to it? A voice from behind turns Chuck.
13) 0) text: Chuck makes his way down the companionway into the main cabin.  Other crew members are already unpacking. The sleeping arrangement is Pullman-style with two rows o bunks on each side of the cabin.  In the middle of the room is a gimbaled table.  This is where the crew will ea and study.
13) 4) text: That's my brother.  He's dead. Apprehensively Chuck shakes and retreats to a lower bunk. Robin tacks up the picture above his bunk.  Terry unpacks in front of one of the lower berths. A loud "THUD!" turns everyone around.  A duffel bag lies at the bottom of the companionway.  A large imposing figure climbs into the cabin. This is JOHN GOODALL, 17, over six feet, big and broad. His hair is slicked back "Dean" style and wears a full day's growth of bread on his face.  Compared to the others, he looks all man.  Everybody clears from his path He stops in front of the lower, center bunk (Terry's bunk and drops his bag.
14) 7) dialog: Maybe it's an air raid. In crisply pressed shorts and shirt, Bill Butler steps through the aft bulkhead.  He raises a bowswain's  whistl and blows.  OOOWWWEEEEOOO!!!!  Chuck and Robin grab their ears.  It's a nightmare.  Terry jumps and hits his head again.
15) 15) dialog: Jesus.
15) 23) dialog: He was everything I had expected, part Ahab part Queeg and even Bligh. He spoke in whispers and answered all queries with efficiency and directness.  He had gone to sea for the first time at fifteen, the same age as Bill Butler.  And as he looked upon us that first day it must have been as though he were staring into a mirror. Skipper manages a sobering look and climbs on top of the chart house.  He pats a small brass sign that is welded t the main mast and reads the inscription.
17) 1) dialog: We were all thirteen individuals. We'd arrived the sum total of our limited experiences and the result of our parents' best, if not narrow, expectations... John pulls back on the lever, belching "water de le toilet" all over him.
18) 0) text: Chuck sits in a bowswain's chair over the side, with a paint roller in his hand.  The rust-streaked hull is bein transformed.
18) 1) dialog: ... Some of us were there for discipline, some for escape.  But I could see a small piece of myself in all of them and though I fought the notion, for me, I knew now, this would be home. A RADIO crackles in the b.g.
19) 0) text: The Albatross is under full power.  There is a sense of excitement and anticipation.  Charlie, Rick, Robin, and Lawford are on the halyard for the mainsail.  Skipper is at the helm with Alice and Bill nearby.  Skipper calls over to Chuck who stands alone at the rail.
19) 3) dialog: Yes sir.
19) 35) dialog: (in a whisper)
19) 38) text: Speak up boy! Chuck jumps, startled.  He self-consciously calls out.
19) 39) dialog: Northeast sir!
19) 43) dialog: Yes, sir.
21) 0) text: Lawford addresses some of the crew.  Chuck, Robin and Joh are among them.  John glares at Lawford.  The guys giggle
22) 1) dialog: And so it was the Albatross that took to the open sea with the wind in her snapping canvas and a bone of white foam in her teeth... In each of us were feelings of anticipation and hesitation for the man at the wheel and of the unfamiliar world he was leading us into. She crashes through the surf -- driving, majestic music, building.
22) 11) dialog: It was my fault.  I slipped. Alice examines Chuck, making sure he's okay.  Skipper turns to Robin, who is shaken.  He never raises his voice
22) 55) dialog: (aside)
24) 0) text: Robin leans over the sink elbow deep in dishwater watchin through the cabin window, as the sun slips below the horizon.  Chuck stands in the doorway with a plate of food.
24) 1) dialog: How ya doing?
24) 4) dialog: Good.
24) 6) dialog: I just brought you something to eat. Robin turns and notices the plate of food and nods.  They stand silently.  It's awkward.
24) 7) dialog: I feel like I got you into this.
24) 9) dialog: I'm used to spending a lot of time alone.  I guess that's what I thought it would be out here.  But, it's not is it?
24) 12) dialog: It doesn't matter.  Really.  I'm just sorry you got chewed out. Robin nods.  They both stare out at the rising moon.
24) 15) dialog: (ironic)
25) 0) text: The sky is dark and a storm is building and the boat roll and pitches.  Chuck sees Terry heaving over the side. John and Tod hear the sound and turn.
25) 6) text: We're gonna have nobody left up here to crew.  Better let Skipper know. Bill nods and disappears.  John joins Chuck watching the events around him.
27) 0) text: Skipper stands at the wheelhouse with Lawford, George and Bill, studying the horizon through binoculars.  Dark clouds.  Chuck watches Skipper.  Everyone, looking for a cue.
27) 1) dialog: That a... storm, Skipper? Skipper stays glued to the binoculars.
27) 3) dialog: Would you, um, say it's a big storm?
27) 7) dialog: Shouldn't we turn away?
28) 11) dialog: If it's all the same, I'd like to stay on deck. Skipper regards Chuck, who looks back with both fear and eagerness.  Suddenly he sees something in this kid.  Mayb himself.  He almost smiles.  Almost.
30) 6) text: Well, we're in it now. Chuck studies him, frightened, but reassured.
31) 13) dialog: The storm lasted sixteen hours and it set us all on equal footing.  It was the first time that we shared an episode on an even plane.  As we stood our watches we were equally out of control of our situation, regardless of our physical abilities or social backgrounds.  And though our real feelings lay hidden beneath bravado and defiance, we were no longer strangers.
32) 12) dialog: Toss me a Cola.
32) 14) dialog: What?!!
33) 0) text: Chuck sits alone, away from the others, reading.  On cue, half of the crew descend, dragging him kicking and screaming into the bowswain's chair, and over the side. The guys cheer.
33) 1) dialog: Come on you guys, this isn't funny! The seat spins, twists and swings from behind the boat.
33) 3) dialog: 
35) 0) text: Chuck gazes across the strange landscape.  As the boats dock, the crew pile out and scatter.  Local children follow them wherever they go.  Chuck, Robin and John find themselves alone.  Most of the buildings are primitive. They wander over to a shop.
36) 0) text: Chuck and Robin reappear, sipping cold Cokes.  Mike and Chris walk by across the street.  Robin speaks up loud enough for them to hear.
37) 2) dialog: Do what?
37) 4) dialog: That's like wondering if your mom and dad do it.  Who wants to know?
37) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
37) 12) dialog: No way!
37) 16) dialog: I walked in on my parents one time. It was only like eight o'clock and they were in bed and I thought that was kinda weird so I just walked in.
37) 18) dialog: So I'm standing there and you could hear a pin drop.  No breathing or snoring... Suddenly it hits me that somethin' was goin' on that just stopped, really fast, like people are holding their breath.
37) 20) dialog: My mother says in this really low, but very awake kind of voice "What?" John and Robin crack up.
37) 22) dialog: I said "Sorry, wrong room" and walked away.
37) 24) dialog: I don't remember. Robin sits up on his cannon and looks out, suddenly melancholy.
37) 26) dialog: How do you know?  They might.
37) 31) dialog: Yeah.
37) 36) dialog: We better get back. Robin looks up to John.
38) 0) text: The boat moves off leaving the lights of Antigua behind. Chuck watches as the island disappears below the horizon.
40) 2) dialog: Depths of hell... Ohio.  How 'bout you?
40) 5) dialog: Well, and it's pretty cool too, ya know?  Bein' here together an all... Phil reels himself down.
41) 0) text: Robin thrashes in his bunk calling out.  Sweat glistens o his face.  Chuck stumbles out to his bunk with Rick and some of the others.
41) 4) dialog: It was a bad dream...
41) 6) dialog: Here's the thing; whenever you're having a nightmare, all you have to do is say 1-2-3 wake up!  You'll be out of it.  You'll wake up. Phil rolls over in his bunk trying to go back to sleep.
41) 8) dialog: My dad.
41) 10) dialog: Swear to God.  Only good advice he ever gave me.  Now, go back to sleep. He pats Robin on the leg.  The guys return to their bunks Favor Phil, listening.
41) 11) dialog: (lingering)
41) 14) dialog: Who?
41) 17) dialog: Jesus, you never told them?
43) 0) text: George is asleep with a book in his lap.  Mike and Chris slip inside.  The door squeaks, George stirs.  Mike opens a cabinet and removes a fifth of rum. Silently, Mike passes the bottle to Chris who passes it t Tod who passes it to Charlie who drops it down to Robin who stands in the lowered dory with Chuck.
45) 15) dialog: You think George'll miss the bottle?
45) 21) dialog: "If it doesn't move, throw it overboard.  If it's too big to throw overboard, screw it!" More laughing.
46) 10) dialog: Alright.  Everybody just stay cool. We'll figure this out.
46) 24) text: Relax everybody.  Everything is under control.  The jug head's going to think of something. Without warning.  John lunges at Phil.  Phil screams, trying to defend himself.  The guys all dive in.  Suddenl it's an all out brawl. John out of control pounding Phil's head against the seat of the boat. Suddenly, from behind, comes a blistering "THWACK!!" as Chuck breaks an oar over the back of John's head. Stunned, John lets go of Phil and turns, blood dripping from the back of his head.
46) 27) dialog: Shut up, Phil. Chuck tosses the broken oar handle, kneels over and vomits.
51) 0) text: John makes his way down the narrow corridor towards the head.  Robin follows.  Chuck drops down the aft companionway, intercepting John.
51) 1) dialog: Where you going?
51) 5) dialog: If you're gonna cheat, you might as well copy off somebody who's gonna get the answer right.
51) 8) dialog: Takin' a piss? John turns away.
51) 11) dialog: Yes you do, stupid.  Because if you don't, I'm gonna go right up there and have a heart to heart with Skipper and you'll be on the first plane back to idiotville. John lunges at Chuck, sending them both sprawling.  Robin leaps on top of John.
51) 14) dialog: What? He lets go of Chuck and stands up trying to hide his emotions.
51) 16) dialog: You're not a moron.
51) 23) dialog: Listen, you don't cheat, and we'll make sure you get the grades.  We'll start a private study group.  Nobody knows.  You'll ace that test.
51) 27) dialog: Because we believe in you. (beat)
52) 0) text: As a blazing sun sizzles into the western sea, the Albatross rounds a point and heads towards the docks several hundred yards away.  On the dock, the students of the school wait.  As soon as the ship is in view, they start to cheer.  Chuck squints.
52) 1) dialog: What are they doing?
52) 18) dialog: Yeah, but how are you supposed to make the first move?
53) 2) dialog: Curacao seemed out of a dream, somehow make-believe.  But, as Ohio drew further and further away, it was home that began to seem unreal, drifting somewhere in the foggy reaches of our memories.  And I knew that each of us was falling in love. But not only with these wonderful women or the swaying palms and porcelain beaches... We were falling in love with the experience we were sharing, and with who we were becoming.
54) 1) dialog: Bregitta.  Do you believe it?
54) 3) dialog: Her name. (savoring the sound)
55) 0) text: Decorated with colored paper lanterns and streamers, a STEEL DRUM BAND softly plays in the b.g.  The crew slow- dance with their girls, dressed in cotton that seems to glow against their dark skin. Ms. Boyde is scrutinizing the body contact between Chuck and BREGITTA.  Their lips appear pasted together and she doesn't like it.  Lawford sees what is about to happen an hands his slimy cigar to George who reacts.
58) 0) text: Chuck and Bregitta, are at the end of the pier, a full moon hangs above the horizon.  Bregitta doesn't understan what Chuck is saying, but it's clear she's enjoying him.
58) 1) dialog: I can't remember feeling like this about myself, a place, someone like you.  We've come such a long way, seen so much.  But nothing like this. Bregitta smiles and takes Chuck's hand.  He's nervous.
58) 2) dialog: I'm not the best at expressing myself.  Maybe the only reason I can now is because I know you don't understand me. (beat)
58) 3) text: I like you so much.  Too much.  But how could I?  I mean, if we can't even communicate, how could I know you?  It's confusing.  We sail in an hour and I'll never see you again. Bregitta takes Chuck's face gently and kisses him tenderly.  Then, in perfect English...
62) 0) text: Chuck and John hold Phil still as Robin picks shards of glass out of his feet.  Phil clenches his jaw, but his eyes are dry.
63) 0) text: The ship is under full-sail driving before a brisk following wind.  It takes two on the helm to keep her safely on course.  Those not on watch are sprawled about the boat, scraping and 'red-leading' or reading.  Chuck and Robin sit forward with John, studying.  Lawford paces the deck, chiding the crew.
63) 13) text: Nice shot. Phil looks up at the crew but one by one they look away. Chuck finds this confusing and inexcusable but is the las to look away.  Skipper grimly walks over to one of the deck lockers and pulls out a large wooden mallet and hold it out to Phil.
65) 1) dialog: Why'd you do it?
65) 4) dialog: You only hurt yourself you know?
66) 0) text: Chuck and Robin stand before the door.
66) 2) dialog: What are you talking about. Robin turns away, ashamed.
67) 3) dialog: I'm here on behalf of the crew, sir. Skipper looks up.
67) 5) dialog: The fact is... We'd like you to give Phil another chance. Alice raises her eyebrows, surprised.
67) 7) dialog: Sir...?
67) 10) dialog: He killed the dolphin. Skipper looks at Chuck for a moment.
67) 12) dialog: Of what?
67) 14) dialog: It's his father sir.  He's suffocating him.  We've all seen it... Suddenly it's as if Chuck is talking about his own life.
67) 15) dialog: I mean he has all these expectations and he doesn't even know who his own kid is.  What right did then have to show up here?
67) 17) dialog: They send us because they want us to change, or grow up or something and then they try to keep us the same. Skipper sits up and studies Chuck for a moment.
67) 21) dialog: I don't know.
68) 0) text: As Chuck exits he meets Robin's eyes.  He shakes his head
72) 4) dialog: My god... All stares aloft.  In the rigging, climbing up the mast, is Robin.  With the ships bell in his teeth, he is sweating every rung.  Perspiration glistens on his brow. The crew watches, transfixed as he fights his way towards the foretop.
75) 5) dialog: As Robin rang him out, we waved in silent protest against Skipper's decision.  And in the days that followed the low morale was matched only by a sense of arrogance that perhaps the master should step down and let his students take over.
77) 0) text: Tod exits the head with a worried look on his face.  He grabs Chuck by the arm and pulls him aside.  Morale is extremely low.
77) 2) dialog: We all have problems.
81) 24) dialog: What'd he say? George smiles, impressed as well.
81) 27) dialog: With staff and string he showed us how to build a sextant.  As we rode the trades, he shared the ancient secrets of how to read the waves and follow stars.  And some mornings later, bathed in the orange glow of a sunrise, Panama rose from the sea like a phoenix.
83) 0) text: The sounds of slumber fill the cabin.  All seems well wit the world.  Suddenly, silhouettes in the darkness.  A hug bearded figure stands in the center of the cabin with a trident in his hand. Chuck wakes with a start.  He bolts upright to see the horrible figure of NEPTUNE himself (Lawford) towering before him.  He tries to scream, but hands cover his mouth.  He is dragged, struggling, up the companionway.
84) 0) text: The Albatross has been transformed into a ghost ship. Where the sails once were, only shredded fabric.  All of the crew have been brought on deck.  Powdered faces glow, surreal. John's head has been shaved into a mohawk.  Robin, Rick and Chris have been reduced to crew cuts.  The shears start over Chuck's head.  Neptune and his sidekick, DAVEY JONES (George) and two MERMAIDS (Bill and Alice) emerge with the rest of the crew.
85) 0) text: Neptune and his court sit smoking Havana cigars as each member of the crew present themselves.  Robin dressed lik a pig and crawls around snorting. John's an Indian brave, whooping and hollering as he does a rain dance.  Chuck, with flippers on his hands and feet hops around like a frog.  Rick is in 'drag' as Neptune's girlfriend and must sing everything he says.  Charlie is dressed like a sloth and slithers along the deck. Frenetic chaos.
88) 1) dialog: We had journeyed over six thousand miles to the very edge of the earth. Like Darwin before us, we would witness the bliss of nature in the absence of man.  And it was as if the Albatross had forded time, leaving it behind.  In the heat of those equatorial days, on the virgin onyx beaches and shifting coral dunes, one could expect to find sunning iguanas, nesting frigates and perchance... the footprints of God.
90) 0) text: Chuck, John and Rick snorkel among the playful SEA LIONS. They dart and swim like otters among their new human friends.
91) 0) text: Terry, Chris, Chuck and Mike stand taking notes on exotic birds.  Frigates, hawks, flamingos, pelicans, boobies, an of course... albatrosses.
92) 0) text: The crew are sprawled across the deck taking final exams. Alice walks among them.  Chuck throws an anxious look towards John who is buried in his test.
93) 0) text: Boobies nest in the grass.  Thousands of them and amazingly, the crew can walk among them without them batting an eye.  Chuck and Robin watch as the iguanas sneak into unattended nests and steal eggs.
94) 0) text: Chuck is alone gazing over the shoreline.  A huge flock o finches darken the sky, circling the black sand beach. Pure magic.
95) 0) text: Beyond, the anchored Albatross rocks and bounces in a blue-sky gale.  Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod stand by a dory watching the sea build.  They wear only tattered shorts, their hair sun bleached and their skin dark.
102) 2) dialog: You okay?
102) 4) dialog: Ninety-six.
102) 6) dialog: What about you? John slowly passes his test to Chuck.
102) 7) dialog: It's a ninety-one!  It's an 'A'!
102) 9) dialog: (excited)
102) 12) dialog: This is your moment, don't you see? The instant when you know that your life is never going to be the same again.  When you stand up and are counted. John tries to choke back his emotions.
102) 14) dialog: Yes you could.  You did. (holding up the exam)
102) 17) dialog: Feels different doesn't it?
102) 19) dialog: That we're going back.  I don't want it to end.  I don't want to be what I was when I left.
102) 21) dialog: Anonymous. Chuck looks at his test grimacing.
102) 22) dialog: I've been getting ninety-sixes my whole life.  It's what they expect. After all this, I still haven't figured it out.
102) 24) dialog: Who I am, outside of this boat. What the hell I'm doing here.
102) 26) dialog: You know, I never had friends like this.
102) 28) dialog: I feel like... we can do anything. John smiles, clutching his exam.
102) 30) dialog: In the fading hours of that Pacific dusk, with nothing left to confess, for the first time we felt safe, capable, sure of who we were and where we were going.
104) 0) text: The Albatross is under full sail trying to take advantage of what little wind there is.  The skies are gray and dank.  Tod and Terry are at the helm.  Chuck and John are amid ship.  John relieves Bill on the forward watch.
104) 1) dialog: Looks like we're gonna get wet.
110) 2) dialog: My God, they're drowning! Skipper catches a glimpse of Alice through the skylight. Water washes over her but she doesn't move.
115) 0) text: Chuck continues to frantically dive on the chart house door as the ship takes the 'Deep Six'.  Suddenly the ship rolls 180 degrees, her screws exposed and keel jutting up like a huge dorsal fin.
116) 0) text: Chuck breaks the surface, gasping for air.  He looks around, frantic.  He sees nothing but the sea swells and debris.  All that remains is the sound of the wind and rain on the water. Suddenly, beneath him, a massive rumbling and explosion o foam.  Then, the tops of twin masts rise out of the water like shattered lances as the ship rights herself underwater.  She holds herself steady for a moment as if in a final attempt at resurrection, the Albatross begins to rise.  Faster and faster, until her entire length explodes out of the water in a mountain of foam and wave.
116) 3) dialog: 
117) 8) text: And Dick, please make a note of our final position. Lawford nods sullenly.  Chuck looks out at the floating wreckage around them, silent, lost. Suddenly, there is a 'thump' on the hull of the boat.  Th survivors share a confused look.  Then it comes again. Chuck looks out at the surface of the water.  It's suddenly alive... With sharks.
117) 10) dialog: 
117) 12) dialog: We slashed at the sharks as if striking out at the finger of God. And we all begged silently for the ability to understand what had happened.  But, if there was a God that day, his answer came only in the moaning wind and our questions were left to drift unanswered, in the titanic ocean of our deepest grief. Exhausted, Chuck stops slashing and stares out.  lost.
117) 13) dialog: (hushed)
119) 0) text: Chuck stands on the deck of the Gran Rio as the last of the crew scramble up cargo netting hung over the side. Chuck stares out numbly watching as the two deserted long boats drift away.
120) 0) text: Chuck, now dressed, stands in the same spot at the rail, staring out.  A muffled sound pulls Chuck into the present.  He walks slowly down the after deck to a cabin door where sobbing escapes from the other side.  Chuck turns the handle and cracks the door.
121) 0) text: Curled up on the floor next to his bunk is Skipper.  A look of shock comes over Chuck's face.  Skipper has come completely unglued, sobbing deeply.
121) 1) dialog: (tentative)
121) 2) text: Skipper? Skipper turns slowly, looking up.  His eyes are red and his face streaked with tears.  He looks at Chuck almost a if he doesn't know who he is.  Lost.
124) 5) dialog: Dad! They embrace.  Flash bulbs explode all around them.
124) 6) dialog: Where's Mom?
124) 13) dialog: Yeah, sure. Chuck stares out the window at the traffic and congestion A car in front of them runs a red light.  Charles slams o the brakes.  Chuck is shaken up.  Charles notices.
125) 0) text: Lavish and conspicuous by Chuck's recent standards, the store is crowded and jammed with merchandise. Claustrophobic.  Cash registers ring and MUZAK drifts in from above.  Chuck follows as Charles pulls things off of hangers and piles them into Chuck's arms.
125) 2) dialog: Okay.
126) 0) text: Charles peruses the racks.  He calls to Chuck.
126) 2) dialog: Fine.
127) 0) text: Chuck is curled up in the floor of the tiny booth.  Still dressed in the clothes from the Gran Rio, perspiration beads on his skin.
127) 1) dialog: (calling out)
127) 2) text: Okay. Tears stream down his face.  He looks up and sees himself in the mirror.  The eyes that look back are eyes of the ages.  Involuntary sobs.  He begins to shake.  The tiny booth suddenly like a crypt.  Tight, with no air.  Chuck lets out a gasp.
127) 3) dialog: Oh God... Someone pulls open the curtain.  A MAN, from the next booth, fat and middle aged stands before Chuck in a pair of pants still sporting the price tags.  He looks down.
128) 0) text: Chuck explodes out of the dressing room.  Running, almost blind, he crashes into a rack of clothes.  Charles looks up as he scrambles to his feet and bolts for the doors.
129) 0) text: Charles bursts through the doors, looking up and down the street, but Chuck is... gone.
130) 0) text: The setting sun paints Chuck's face with golden light.  H stares out across the water.  Charles walks up behind him
130) 1) dialog: When we were growing up I always felt like you would take care of things, that everything would be okay. (beat)
132) 0) text: Standard fare.  Two beds and a T.V.  Chuck's lacing a new pair of sneakers.  Charles is in the shower.  There is a knock at the door.  Chuck cracks the door.  It's Charlie.
133) 3) dialog: They need it to be simple.  They need a reason.
133) 5) dialog: All of them.  Everybody waiting on that dock.
133) 27) dialog: This is crazy.  Nothing could have prevented what happened.
133) 33) text: I told you he was a turn coat the day we kicked him off the boat. Chuck frowns, troubled.
133) 34) dialog: No.  You're wrong.
134) 0) text: Chuck knocks quietly on the door.  Phil answers the door.
134) 1) dialog: Can we talk?
134) 6) dialog: Everybody's saying this whole tribunal is happening because of your father.  Because of you.
134) 8) dialog: Is it true Phil?
134) 10) dialog: You weren't there, you don't know what happened.
134) 12) text: I know enough. Chuck puts a hand out to stop him.
134) 13) dialog: Phil, please.  It won't change anything.  Tell him to call it off.
134) 16) dialog: Wait. Chuck hands him something.  Phil looks down, disbelieving It's the ship's bell.  Robin's bell.  Their symbol of unity, of putting loyalty above fear.
134) 17) dialog: We figured he'd have wanted you to have it. (beat)
135) 0) text: A small courtroom.  The room is filled with the crew members and their families, including the parents of the victims, as well as the media.  Phil sits with his father and dodges Chuck's eyes.  Coast Guard Officers Tyler, DOWNING and SANDERS head the proceedings.
137) 10) text: No.  I didn't. Again the crew members are struck.  Charlie turns to Chuck.
138) 0) text: The crew huddle in the parking lot.  Fractured, confused. Chuck, Tod, Charlie and Bill, stand off by themselves.
138) 4) dialog: You taking the order wouldn't have changed anything.
138) 7) dialog: But that's not the point...
138) 34) dialog: No!!!  Don't you walk away!  Not now.  Not after all of this!!!! Skipper keeps walking.  His head slumps.  Tyler pounds hi gavel.
138) 36) dialog: Tell me Skipper, was it all just a lie?  "Where we go one, we go all". We listened to you.  We believed it. And we're still here!! Skipper keeps moving.
138) 37) dialog: Shame on you then Skipper.  Shame on you. Skipper reaches for the door.  Suddenly a sound stops him cold in his tracks.  Phil slowly rises.  Tears streaming down his face.  Tightly in his hands he grips the ships bell.  Ding ding.  Ding ding.  Ding ding.  It is the ringing of the truth.  The tolling of their unity.
138) 39) dialog: Tell them the truth.  Make them understand. The room grows silent.
138) 41) text: You tell them Chuck. Chuck suddenly feels the eyes of the room.
138) 42) dialog: It's simple.  Bad things happen sometimes.  It wasn't Skipper or Tod.  It was all of us.  Everyone in this room.  Because we all knew the risks. (to parents)
138) 44) dialog: If you want to judge this man, judge him by his crew.  Judge him by Alice and George.  Chris and John and Robin.  In one way or another each one of them gave their lives saving one of us.  This may sound crazy but the Albatross wasn't just a ship, or even a school.  It was something that we made, that's inside us. That's who Skipper is.  That's what he taught us.  I guess what it really was about was... the privilege of sacrifice. Chuck turns to Skipper.
138) 45) dialog: Isn't that right? Skipper nods.
139) 0) text: Older Chuck has returned to the small building where the funeral services were held earlier.  The people have gone but the funeral urn remains.
140) 0) text: Chuck walks to the dock.  He has the funeral urn in his hands.  He steps aboard a small sailboat and begins untying her.  The HARBOR MASTER notices and steps out of his office.
140) 3) dialog: (softly)
140) 4) text: Stand away. He looks into Chuck's eyes and sees that he means business.  He backs off.  Chucks pushes away and raises the sail.  The harbor master watches, perplexed as the small boat moves off for open water.
141) 0) text: Bathed in the orange glow of the sun, Chuck stands naked against the ivory sail.
141) 1) dialog: They didn't take his ticket that day.  But why he never returned to the sea, I'd never know.  Perhaps he hadn't been able to free himself from the anchor of grief that had driven him to his knees aboard the Gran Rio, or that he no longer cared for the solitude and isolation of command without his Alice.  Or maybe it was just that the waves that had spoken to him for so long, had grown silent.  Whatever it was, that thing, it had always troubled me. Because, fate offers up no reasons. And maybe that's what I have traveled these thirty four years to say.  Maybe that is all I really know... And, that one man cared. Chuck turns to the sea and speaks.
141) 2) dialog: Rest easy old salt.  For together again, we'll sail. With a powerful heave, he hurls the Skipper's remains at the sinking sun and into the arms of Neptune.
142) 1) dialog: Some time later we learned that one of our long boats had been recovered.  Several young men found it washed up on a nameless beach somewhere on the island of Hispaniola.  No one seemed to know who they were or where they came from, but they seemed to know of the Albatross. (pause)
143) 0) text: Young again, their hair sun bleached and skins brown, Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod, pound through th surf in a grinning footrace.  Brothers all.  Music builds