9) 0) text: Another world.  Chuck stands in line at the customs booth He cranes his neck to see the brilliant blue water and coral reefs beyond the runway. Three other boys are ahead of him in line.  The CUSTOMS AGENTS go through every piece of luggage.  TOD JOHNSTONE, 16, thin and blonde, is in a heated argument with one of the agents about his spear gun. RICK MARCH, 17, wise-cracking and confident, shakes his head, smiling.  He spots Chuck, moves through the line an shoves out a hand.
11) 0) text: The boys are jammed inside with their things.  In additio to Chuck, Rick and Tod, is CHARLIE STRATTON, also sixteen
11) 1) dialog: Well Ricky boy, spear gun or no, it's sweet to be back in the world of rum and honey.
11) 3) dialog: Me and Skipper had a meeting of the minds.
11) 5) dialog: I begged.
11) 9) dialog: Not just any 'local' girl.
11) 13) dialog: Trust me, we did the deed.
11) 15) dialog: Believe me, I needed the rest...
11) 20) dialog: To tell you the truth, I think it was her father. At the top of a hill, the harbor comes into view.
12) 5) dialog: Would you be addressing me, sir?
15) 13) dialog: I'll take a dollar of that.
16) 0) text: The boys devour a hearty breakfast.  Tod is the 'galley slave' and fills glasses with orange juice.
16) 1) dialog: Chow down boys.  The milk and eggs are the first things to go once we put out. John enters balancing two plates heaped with food.
16) 4) dialog: Har, har, har... John approaches the full table, glaring down at Terry who doesn't notice him.  Finally he looks up, startled.
16) 22) dialog: Butler, what'd I ever do to you?
19) 27) text: Outta what? Coached by Tod, another group in the bow, awkwardly hoist the jib.
25) 0) text: The sky is dark and a storm is building and the boat roll and pitches.  Chuck sees Terry heaving over the side. John and Tod hear the sound and turn.
25) 2) text: Come on man.  Show a little backbone! (to Tod)
25) 3) text: You believe that?! Tod is fixated on Terry.  Suddenly, without warning, he breaks for the rail and lets fly. Phil and Charlie are next.  Chris climbs through the companionway but doesn't make it to the side.  Spontaneou regurgitation.  Bill and Lawford jump up onto the wheel housing to avoid being sprayed.  Suddenly everyone is heaving.
29) 0) text: Dark clouds blot out the sky and stars.  Thunder rumbles far away.  The seas have built but there's no wind... yet With no steerage, the ship is tossed. Tod hangs high above the heaving deck continuing to furl. The mast swings from side to side, but the air has gone dead calm.  Skipper looks up, anticipating.
29) 3) dialog: (shouting)
30) 2) dialog: We blew the inner!
33) 10) dialog: There she blows!! Two hundred feet out something large and pissed has taken the bait.  The crew turn and look.  Skipper looks out at Terry still in the bowswain's chair.
39) 0) text: The wind is up and the seas are high.  The ship is under full sail driving at top speed.  Foam sprays from the bow as it slices through the water -- what she was born to do The crew line the starboard rail, thrilled to be part of the performance. Tod is at the wheel with Chris nearby.  The sails tower above him like a mountain of silk.  He wrestles the wheel careful to hold his course against the powerful trade winds. Skipper, making his rounds inspects the heading on the compass and nods.
39) 2) dialog: Thank you, sir.  Shall we trim the main Skipper?  I think we could get another knot or two. Skipper turns and looks at Tod, a twinkle in his eye.
39) 5) dialog: I'd say, fuck off junior. They laugh.  Phil slinks behind the chart house, hurt, an angry.  He spots a spear gun stowed against the chart house. As Tod and Chris pull in the main, it strains and stretches against the powerful wind. Phil aims the spear gun at the mainsail from behind the chart house and silently fires.  There is a wicked POP as the spear punctures the sail, passing through it, followe by a loud shredding as the huge sail splits.
39) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ!!  Let it out.  Let it out!! The sound brings Skipper onto the deck like a shot.
39) 9) dialog: (bewildered)
39) 10) text: I don't know what happened Skipper. It just blew out. Skipper turns to the task at hand without a word.  What had been praise is now reduced to embarrassment and confusion. Phil, still hidden behind the chart house returns the spear gun and smiles to himself at Tod's arrogance turned humility.
40) 4) dialog: Sorry to here it.
40) 7) dialog: Why are you such a penis Phil.  Do you do it on purpose or can't you help it.
43) 0) text: George is asleep with a book in his lap.  Mike and Chris slip inside.  The door squeaks, George stirs.  Mike opens a cabinet and removes a fifth of rum. Silently, Mike passes the bottle to Chris who passes it t Tod who passes it to Charlie who drops it down to Robin who stands in the lowered dory with Chuck.
46) 2) text: Jesus H. Christ. Tod looks up.
52) 10) dialog: Gimme those. Tod snatches the binoculars.
52) 11) dialog: 
54) 6) dialog: Don't mind him, Chucky.  You're talking to a guy whose idea of big romance is a palm full of Vaseline.
54) 8) dialog: That's because I'm discrete, moron. The guys try to wrestle the underwear away from him.  Jus then Skipper descends the companionway.
63) 4) dialog: There they blow!!  There they blow!! Dolphins off the bow!!! Everyone rushes to see.  Dolphins leaping out of the water.  It's a magnificent game they play with ships.  Th crew cheers as each one explodes out of the sea, close enough to touch. Isolated, Phil watches.  Angry, cut off.  Chuck eyes him, worried. Bill and Charlie rig the bowswain's chair and lower Rick into the water.  Suddenly, the dolphins are everywhere. Rick pets them as they swim back and forth.  Shear joy. Phil reaches for the spear gun.  Nobody notices as he loads and takes aim. Suddenly... with a crack, everyone spins around.  A large female dolphin leaps out of the water, bloody foam spraying from her blow hole.  She lets out an agonizing scream.  Phil holds her fast.
77) 0) text: Tod exits the head with a worried look on his face.  He grabs Chuck by the arm and pulls him aside.  Morale is extremely low.
77) 1) dialog: Listen man, I think I have a problem.
77) 3) dialog: I'm pissin' fire man. Chuck reacts.
78) 0) text: Tight on Alice.  Pull back to reveal Tod standing in fron of her with his shorts down around his ankles.  Mortified
79) 0) text: The crew stand in line, pissed.  Lawford and George man the deck with Skipper and exchange amused looks.  The doo opens and Chris exits, red faced, rubbing his backside. He glares at Tod who sits on the paint locker.
79) 2) dialog: Yeah well, your sexual orientation is not my problem.
95) 0) text: Beyond, the anchored Albatross rocks and bounces in a blue-sky gale.  Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod stand by a dory watching the sea build.  They wear only tattered shorts, their hair sun bleached and their skin dark.
95) 2) dialog: Yeah.
104) 0) text: The Albatross is under full sail trying to take advantage of what little wind there is.  The skies are gray and dank.  Tod and Terry are at the helm.  Chuck and John are amid ship.  John relieves Bill on the forward watch.
104) 5) dialog: Jesus!! Skipper bolts onto the deck.
104) 15) text: White Squall! The charging wall of wind slams into the topsails so hard it send a shudder throughout the ship.  The wheel is nearly ripped out of Tod's hands.  Instinctively, he trie to turn the ship into the wind.
104) 17) dialog: No, hard to port!
123) 7) dialog: (panicked)
133) 7) dialog: Just tell 'em what we know and be done with it.  That's what he'd want.
133) 9) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?!
133) 11) dialog: I was trying to get her up wind! That's what you do when you're hit a-beam.  Or maybe you're too stupid to know that!
133) 16) dialog: It didn't go over 'til I turned her starboard!
133) 19) dialog: (screaming)
133) 20) text: Was it my fault we were running all that sail?!  Was it my fault she wasn't dogged down?!!  HUH?!!  I couldn't help that the ballast shifted...!  You son of a bitch!! It wasn't my fault!!  it wasn't. Tod breaks down, sodding on his knees.
133) 26) dialog: That's right, that's right!  Bleed the sails from the deck and she could've taken a hurricane! It's a strong argument.  Even Charlie is troubled by the implication.  There is a long moment of silence between them.
138) 0) text: The crew huddle in the parking lot.  Fractured, confused. Chuck, Tod, Charlie and Bill, stand off by themselves.
138) 1) dialog: There's still a way.
138) 3) dialog: It's me, don't you see.  Terry's right, I'm the escape hatch.  I disobeyed order.
138) 5) dialog: They don't know that. (beat)
138) 8) dialog: That is the point... And Skipper'll slip off the hook.
138) 11) dialog: I thought we'd have a better chance if I headed into the wind so we could spill air from our sails. Tyler removes his glasses.
138) 13) dialog: Twice.
138) 15) dialog: No.
138) 17) dialog: Let the blow drive the boat down wind.  Neutralize our canvas. Skipper is becoming uneasy.  He sees what is coming.
138) 19) dialog: No.
138) 21) dialog: Because -- I panicked. The room is suddenly buzzing.  Tod's Father stands up.
138) 30) text: I appreciate what you're trying to do Tod.  Maybe you could live with it, but I couldn't. (to tribunal)
143) 0) text: Young again, their hair sun bleached and skins brown, Chuck, John, Robin, Rick, Chris and Tod, pound through th surf in a grinning footrace.  Brothers all.  Music builds