8) 0) text: Beer Guy (kinda handsome... just kinda) sets a keg of bee behind the bar. Freeze on him.
8) 6) dialog: I mean, we'd been together for so  long and then... bang! She drops me.  Since then, it's been like a damn  country song: she's gone, the car's  repossessed, and a father figure  made a pass at me. I'm not saying I  ever had it. But I have definitely  lost it. (beat) Now I haul this swill from armpit to  armpit. I used to be a model for  Christ's sake.
8) 7) text: Coach has been eavesdropping on Beer Guy and approaches.
8) 9) dialog: JC Penny. Spring wear.
8) 10) text: Beer Guy then mimics throwing a sport coat over his shoul and delivering his "model" cheese smile.
8) 12) dialog: Why is that?
8) 15) text: Bartender puts a shot in front of Beer Guy. Behind him, a mounted DEER HEAD is prominently displayed. Freeze on him
8) 22) dialog: Yup, one keg of Beast for the  basement, then the truck's dry.
8) 24) text: Beer Guy downs his shot and hoists the lone keg into the  waiting keg elevator.
8) 25) dialog: Right, 'cause this joint's hopping.
11) 0) text: Beer Guy pulls the keg from the elevator and places it ne to other kegs. A faint conversation brews behind a curtai BOSS MAN (paunchy, sweaty, ugly) and ROADIE (English acce light hair, leather skin, thin build) talk shop.
36) 24) dialog: Oh god...
36) 49) text: Beer Guy walks from behind the bar.
36) 50) dialog: So, what now? Did those things leave?
36) 52) dialog: Fuck no.
36) 115) dialog: This is goddamn depressing.
37) 33) dialog: I don't see them.
38) 1) dialog: It's working. I think it's working.
43) 2) text: SLAM-SLAM! The two hissing Beast Girls strike the bar fro Roadie shoves that board back over the hole. Beer Guy is  holding back the still heaving Trampy's hair.
43) 5) dialog: (to Bozo) Hey, you weren't helpin'!
66) 90) text: Beer Guy scans the stocked bar wall.
66) 91) dialog: I might be able to do something with  the bottles.
66) 104) dialog: I have a CB in my truck, we could  get some help out here.
66) 106) dialog: Anyone.
66) 108) dialog: Then I guess we should just give up.
66) 137) dialog: That's not a good idea.
66) 142) dialog: Me too.
66) 143) text: Heroine, Tuffy, Roadie, and Beer Guy all move to the base The door creaks open slowly. The group descends.
66) 178) text: Beer Guy finds the dusty locker and opens it.
66) 179) dialog: There's a sawed-off shotgun in here.
66) 205) text: Beer Guy holds a rusted machete.
66) 206) dialog: This could come in handy.
66) 356) text: Coach takes the rusty machete from Beer Guy.
69) 0) text: Tuffy stands by a far wall, looking through the planks fo movement. At the bar, Beer Guy makes MOLOTOV COCKTAILS. Bozo moves close, slaps Beer Guy's constructing hand.
69) 2) dialog: What do you know?
69) 4) dialog: Prove it.
71) 6) text: Para and Beer Guy eye the three large peanut barrels, per for bomb-making.
71) 8) dialog: You aren't nearly as dumb as you  look, are you?
74) 8) text: Beer Guy hits the button. The gears grind and start to pu the elevator up to the main floor.
74) 13) dialog: Come on!
74) 70) dialog: We're gonna die!
76) 8) text: From the bar, Beer Guy, Tuffy, and Adulterer release the  first peanut barrel. It's ablaze and sails straight for P Beast. BLAM! It explodes, bursting open the wall and knoc back Papa Beast. The wooden walls go up in flame. Para, on a side table, reaches out and grabs Boss Man's . from the floor. The second peanut barrel is released. It sails outside th breach, but it doesn't explode. Nevertheless, the Beasts  stay far away. Teen Beast madly rips floor boards away, moving towards P table. Teen Beast bursts through the floor, knocking Para the floor. Para crawls to his fallen wheelchair. Teen Beast spots hi moves in to feed. Para points his seat back at the scattered .38 bullets an flips the armrest switch. SNAP! The bullets jump to the p magnet. Para yanks one free, loads the pistol and turns j as Teen Beast strikes... POP! The shot hits Teen Beast in the eye, sending him bac down the hole in the floor. Heroine and Bartender move in. When Teen Beast sticks his head out of the hole again, they thrust both their shotgu into each ear.
78) 0) text: Papa and Momma Beast both charge the bar. The third peanu barrel is released. It sails for them, but they dive out the way. KABLOOM! It takes out the rest of the wall. Fire and smok fills the place. Adulterer douses Momma Beast with booze as Beer Guy nails her with a lit Molotov cocktail. WHOOSH! Engulfed in flame, she bolts from the bar shrieki
78) 6) text: Bozo and Beer Guy dive into Papa's legs, holding them dow Tuffy picks up The Judge. WHAM! The shotgun butt knocks out Papa's front teeth. Tuf raises the weapon again, staring down at the monster that killed her child, but Papa Beast gets an arm free to knoc away her fatal blow. Bartender wrenches Papa Beast's arm with all his might. W her hair stuck in Papa Beast's claw, Tuffy is pulled face face with the beast. She squirms as he chomps at her, but with no front teeth, he can't do immediate damage.
79) 11) text: Momma howls and charges. Heroine slides out the side keg  door, locking it behind her. Before Momma can see the tra Beer Guy slam closed the rear doors.
79) 17) text: The others move into action. Beer Guy takes off his shirt and shoves it into the fuel tank. Adulterer and Bozo, wit Para riding piggyback, help. They use the Molotov cocktai to make a fuel trail leading away from the truck.
79) 18) dialog: When this lights, run like hell.
79) 41) text: Heroine hops in the back. Beer Guy and Adulterer run to a car together. Beer Guy la behind, continually looking over his shoulder.
79) 43) text: As Beer Guy looks forward, Aunt Beast and Uncle Beast hit him HIGH-AND-LOW, cutting him in half. Bozo makes it to h Trans-Am.