27) 2) text: BOOM! The double doors to the bar are kicked open by HERO (30s, rugged alpha man built to kick ass). KRASH! Belle DROPS a second tray of drinks --
27) 3) text: Hero is scraped, bruised and bloodied. He is dressed in b denim and holds a RUST-RED SHOTGUN and GUNNY SACK. He SLAMS the double doors shut and props a chair against handles, securing them.
27) 4) dialog: Unless you people want to die you'll  do what I say and you'll do it fast!
27) 7) dialog: A storm of hell's coming down on  this place any minute!
27) 9) text: Hero puts down the shotgun and moves towards Bartender.
27) 10) dialog: I'm not armed now, just hear me out.
27) 12) dialog: Let me explain!
27) 14) text: Hero reveals a drool-dripping, white, GRANDPA BEAST HEAD  from the gunny sack and holds it out and for all to see.
27) 15) dialog: Take a good look and listen to me!  There's at least a four of these  things out there!
27) 17) dialog: I saw one of them tear up five men  like they were corn on the cob! (off silence, shock) I don't know what they are. I don't  know where they came from. All I do  know is that these fuckers are fast,  nasty, and hungry.
27) 19) dialog: And they can fly. Not to mention  they got claws like Ginsu knifes and  more teeth than a chainsaw.
27) 20) text: The Bartender lowers his shotgun slightly. Fast as a snak Hero GRABS it. He notices the engraving, "THE JUDGE."
27) 21) dialog: They're like goddamn blood hungry  biker tattoos come to life. They're  clocking us. Right now. And we have  to lock this bar down! (moving around) That means doors, windows, drains,  and basements. We have to do it fast!
27) 22) text: Hero looks out the lone front window.
27) 23) dialog: (looks to Belle) You! Get on that phone. Call the  cops, National Guard, townies, whoever  kicks ass and get 'em out here.
27) 25) dialog: Any questions?
27) 27) dialog: I'm the hero --
27) 28) text: CRASH! A white Beast arms BURSTS through the window and S Hero right down the middle. The Judge FIRES into the ceil
27) 32) text: Old Vet and Harley Mom rush to Heroine's aid. They raise table to cover the gaping hole. Heroine looks outside.
27) 34) text: A BEAST nails the rising table, just missing Heroine's fa The table falls, pinning Heroine. JUNIOR BEAST enters. He's small and too fast to see well. He SWIPES the heads off Old Vet and Harley Mom. Bartender grabs The Judge, but he's SCRATCHED down the back. Junior Beast rips out the pay phone. Knocks over the TV. Yanks out half of Trampy's hair. Edgy Cat CHARGES the spastic monster with a stool.
29) 0) text: Bartender runs across the bar and SLAMS shut the thick wo shutters. The Beasts HIT, cracking the middle. Roadie power lifts the table with Heroine and braces it  against the window for reinforcement, but a FURRY ARM bus through and grabs the other half of Hero.
29) 2) text: Blood starts to SPRAY from outside as the rest of Hero is being devoured through the smallish hole. Heroine works a GOLD RING off of Hero's ring finger. The  feeding MOMMA BEAST'S head breaks in through the hole. It grabs Heroine's left forearm. Bartender aims The Judge at the Beast...
29) 8) text: Wild-eyed and with a trembling hand, Heroine pours hersel shot from the bar. She downs it and takes a long breath.
30) 32) text: NOTE: As Heroine describes each beast, we see a slight gl of their virtues, hidden mainly by shadows and fog.
32) 0) text: Heroine tends to her scratched arm.
34) 0) text: Heroine taps her right eye.
36) 0) text: The entire bar stares at Heroine with their mouths agape.
36) 4) text: Heroine eyes the room.
36) 15) text: Tuffy pulls Cody into her arms. Heroine and Bartender hal to guard the doorway. Heroine spots a SMALL PORTAL WINDOW
36) 21) text: Papa Beast LUNGES at Tuffy! Bartender SHOOTS, nailing Pap Beast. He hisses, but can't fit through the small window. Bartender aims again for a kill shot, but Papa Beast  projectile vomits Cody's remains at Bartender. Papa Beast retracts out the portal window. Heroine SLAMS wood shutters closed. Tuffy drops Cody's arms. Bug-eyed. She moves, zombie-like to the staircase. Bartender follows, covered in Papa Beas bile. Heroine locks the staircase door shut.
36) 25) text: He hands him a towel. Tuffy slowly walks towards the rest the patrons. The blood on her face and chest tells them w happened. The horror hits home. Heroine eyes the destroyed phone.
36) 27) text: Heroine puts a hand up to silence Coach.
36) 58) text: He moves towards the front door. Heroine moves into his p
36) 60) text: Adulterer, violently grabs Heroine to shove her away.
36) 62) text: Heroine nails Adulterer with THREE HITS to the chin, thro and chest, flipping him to the floor. She pulls a KNIFE f her belt buckle and has it under Adulterer's chin.
36) 70) text: Adulterer nods obediently. Heroine removes the knife from his neck and plants it back into her buckle.
36) 81) text: Heroine eagerly looks on, moving closer to the TV.
36) 85) text: Heroine sinks in her skin.
36) 90) text: Heroine sighs a gust of relief.
36) 107) text: Heroine, tense, quells the rising panic.
36) 113) text: Heroine looks over, making eye contact.
36) 116) text: At the door, Heroine slides a thick metal pole through th double door handles and takes out the Rust Red shotgun.
43) 0) text: Heroine's eyes bulge.
43) 11) text: Heroine turns.
45) 0) text: Hero and his overweight friend TUBBS (35, hard living car farm hand) laugh at a TV show while Heroine paces on the  telephone in the background.
47) 0) text: Heroine starts to peek out of the window.
47) 4) text: Heroine and Hero look at each other with concern. Hero lo out the window.
47) 5) dialog: Holy mother of...
48) 0) text: Heroine has the group mesmerized.
49) 0) text: PLOP! A HORSE'S HEAD falls as Heroine and her companions  peek out from the damaged cellar door.
52) 0) text: Heroine goes up to the service window with Tubbs and look inside. Nobody. There is a slight BUZZING from inside. Hero hollers from the fuel pump by the car.
52) 1) dialog: What's goin' on? The pumps are off.
52) 5) dialog: Turn on the pump!
52) 6) text: Glass shatters as Heroine reaches inside to turn on the p
54) 0) text: Hero fills their Camaro.
54) 1) dialog: Suck it down you metal bitch. Suck  it down.
55) 0) text: Heroine and Tubbs hastily grabs food and drinks, ignoring the cash register completely. The sun is setting.
56) 0) text: Hero turns as a shrill HISSING comes from the shadows...
58) 0) text: Heroine and Tubbs emerge from the gas station shop.
58) 1) dialog: Move it!
58) 2) text: Heroine and Tubbs hear the growing cries of the Beasts. Their loot hits the pavement as they run.
58) 3) dialog: Get in the car, baby.
58) 4) text: Hero drops the spilling gas nozzle. Tubbs slides into the back as Heroine jumps into the driver's seat. Hero runs over the top of the Camaro and slides into the  sunroof. He grabs a rifle and aims toward the leaking gas pool. Something rises in the gas station.
60) 1) dialog: Roll!
60) 2) text: Heroine fires up the car and tears out. Hero shoots and t station becomes a FIREBALL.
61) 2) text: Hero lowers into the back seat and starts to close the ro as STRIPPED COUSIN BEAST lands on top of the car...
61) 3) dialog: Shit!
61) 4) text: Stripped Cousin Beast PUNCHES through the back window,  reaching for them. Heroine jerks the wheel. The car 180's and the Beast sails off of the car into  darkness. The Camaro tears down a tangent dirt road.
61) 5) dialog: We made it!
61) 6) text: Hero reaches back to give a "five" to Tubbs. Tubbs doesn' respond. Heroine is the first to see Tubbs' quivering,  HEADLESS body in the back seat.
62) 0) text: Heroine stands near Grandpa Beast's head.
63) 0) text: BOOM! Grandpa Beast LANDS on the front hood of the Camaro Heroine and Hero SCREAM and rev the engine, swerving madl as Grandpa Beast VOMITS on the windshield.
63) 1) dialog: Break!
63) 2) text: Heroine slams on the breaks. Grandpa Beast slides back,  holding onto the grill.
63) 3) dialog: Go! Go! Go!
63) 4) text: Grandpa Beast tears into the engine through the grill as  sparks and smoke shoot out. Heroine jerks the steering wh
63) 5) dialog: Look out!
65) 0) text: The car crashes into a ditch, DECAPITATING Grandpa Beast. His head FIRES through the windshield, landing on Heroine lap. Its snake-like tongue lashes out at Heroine's crotch
66) 83) text: Roadie nods. Heroine jerks a bottle of booze from Beer Gu and tosses it out.
66) 100) text: The group looks back to Heroine.
66) 128) text: Heroine tosses the keys to Bartender.
66) 133) text: Bozo moves to the staircase. There's blood at the bottom it gets worse with each step. Bartender and Coach follow. Heroine turns to the bar.
66) 143) text: Heroine, Tuffy, Roadie, and Beer Guy all move to the base The door creaks open slowly. The group descends.
66) 174) text: Tuffy tightly grips her weapon, ready to fire. Heroine kn next to a hatch door that emits a red glow.
66) 208) text: Heroine moves to the stairs, but stops. She grabs Tuffy b the arm and takes her aside.
66) 213) text: Heroine reaches into her shirt and pulls out an IDENTICAL LOCKET as Tuffy's. She opens it and displays a picture of LITTLE GIRL.
66) 279) text: Heroine rips the earring from Bartender's ear. He YELPS. jams the backing into the lock.
66) 295) text: Heroine glares at Boss Man.
66) 306) text: The room is silent. Bartender motions to Boss Man, but he promptly shushed by Boss Man. Heroine notices.
66) 313) text: Heroine glares at Roadie.
66) 353) text: Heroine takes The Judge from Bartender and hands it to Co
66) 359) text: Heroine, Roadie, and Coach move to the basement.
68) 0) text: Heroine, Roadie, and Coach make their way through the  basement. Creeks and cracks with every step.
68) 7) text: WHIP! The curtain slides. It's a dried animal hide on a h They all sigh. Roadie unblocks the tiny door. Heroine scans the room.
68) 13) text: Roadie, Heroine raise their weapons.
68) 17) text: Coach leans down and puts out his hand. He smiles as Hero watches over his shoulder.
68) 20) text: He leaves the mouse and follows Heroine to the tunnel. SLURP! A pink tongue LASSOS the mouse. A red fluorescent glow radiates from the tunnel. They all drop in, one by one, entering the steamy, confined space.
72) 9) text: Roadie and Coach duck into the water, but Heroine is unab to avoid a thrust that knocks her back ten yards. Sister  Beast #1 lands and turns, surveying her prey. Roadie aims his water-dripping gun, but Heroine rises and blocks his  shot.
72) 11) text: From her knees, Heroine fires. BLAM-BLAM-BLAM! The three  shots push Sister Beast #1 backwards. Heroine rises, cove in muddy water and bleeding from a cut across the face.
72) 13) text: Roadie and Coach reluctantly turn, leaving Heroine to fen with the Beast. Heroine charges. Hissing, Sister Beast #1 charges as well Heroine pumps and fires. BOOM! Sister Beast spins, avoidi the shot. Now too close, Heroine jams the Beast in the mo with the gun, knocking her back. Sister Beast #1 responds with a swipe and chomp on the ar Heroine bats her away. Sister Beast #1 moves to the other
72) 23) text: Heroine sees what he's doing, sprints back the way they c As the two Beasts charge, Coach pulls himself out of the  water by holding onto the above piping. He's forced to wa for Heroine to get out of the water. The second she does, he jams the cord into the water. ZAP! The conductive water sizzles. Sister Beast #1 and Si Beast #2 lock up and crash. ELECTROCUTION. Sparks and smo rises from their cooked bodies. Roadie and Coach look to each other, victorious. They beg shimmying along the piping to the end of the tunnel.
73) 0) text: Heroine looks back at the two men. She turns and reenters the basement. GAH! Teen Beast drops in front of her, whacking her to th floor. Heroine slides across the floor, but jumps up quic Teen Beast cautiously moves in for the kill. Heroine raises her weapon.
73) 4) text: Heroine THROWS the shotgun at him and pulls out the MACHE She rolls left and swings. Teen Beast loses two fingers. She swings again but gets whacked to the floor. Heroine rolls with the hit, grabs her shotgun, and dives  into the KEG ELEVATOR. She slams closed the door as Teen Beast regains its compo and lunges. BAM! It CRASHES against the door.
74) 11) text: As Teen Beast starts to tear at the base of the rising ke elevator in the shaft, Heroine pounds and tears at the fe planks above her in the keg elevator.
74) 45) text: Adulterer nods, ashamed. Heroine looks around the bar. Sh notices the peanut barrels on top of the bar. Two wooden  planks serve as track, leading straight for the side wall
74) 52) text: Heroine cringes, eyeing the lined up Molotov cocktails.
76) 8) text: From the bar, Beer Guy, Tuffy, and Adulterer release the  first peanut barrel. It's ablaze and sails straight for P Beast. BLAM! It explodes, bursting open the wall and knoc back Papa Beast. The wooden walls go up in flame. Para, on a side table, reaches out and grabs Boss Man's . from the floor. The second peanut barrel is released. It sails outside th breach, but it doesn't explode. Nevertheless, the Beasts  stay far away. Teen Beast madly rips floor boards away, moving towards P table. Teen Beast bursts through the floor, knocking Para the floor. Para crawls to his fallen wheelchair. Teen Beast spots hi moves in to feed. Para points his seat back at the scattered .38 bullets an flips the armrest switch. SNAP! The bullets jump to the p magnet. Para yanks one free, loads the pistol and turns j as Teen Beast strikes... POP! The shot hits Teen Beast in the eye, sending him bac down the hole in the floor. Heroine and Bartender move in. When Teen Beast sticks his head out of the hole again, they thrust both their shotgu into each ear.
78) 4) text: Heroine and Bartender rip the DEER HEAD from the wall and charge Papa, pinning him against the wall with the antler
78) 14) text: Tuffy shakes her wet arm dry. As the group pulls away, Pa Beast is still pinned to the wall with the deer antlers d into the wood. Heroine turns to Grandma and Grandpa, offering a hand.
78) 19) text: Heroine swallows and nods. HONK-HONK-HONK! Just outside t breached wall, the beer truck pulls up.
79) 0) text: The beer truck screeches to a halt. Trampy's at the wheel waving the group over. With the bar burning, a thick laye of SMOKE blankets the entire area. The people amass at the opening, but Heroine stops them f advancing. The group stares the dark night. Silent.
79) 2) text: Heroine eyes the truck, seeing something she likes.
79) 8) text: From the smoke, a smoldering Momma Beast charges like a b At the truck, Heroine opens the back doors and dives in,  leaving the doors open. Momma Beast gives chase, entering the back.
79) 11) text: Momma howls and charges. Heroine slides out the side keg  door, locking it behind her. Before Momma can see the tra Beer Guy slam closed the rear doors.
79) 15) text: Heroine looks to the others at the breach.
79) 19) text: About fifteen yards away from the truck. Bozo throws his  silver-plated American Eagle lighter to Heroine.
79) 24) text: Heroine drops the lighter onto the fuel. It races for the truck. When feet away, COUSIN BEAST lands, stomping out t fire with his foot.
79) 41) text: Heroine hops in the back. Beer Guy and Adulterer run to a car together. Beer Guy la behind, continually looking over his shoulder.
86) 11) text: Heroine rises and moves to the cab of the truck. She find pack of cigs under the visor. Pops in the lighter.
86) 15) text: PING! The lighter springs out, hot. Heroine lights up and passes one to Tuffy.
87) 0) text: A sign reading "RED MOUNTAIN" swings lazily in the breeze Tuffy and Heroine coast down a town road. There are rando POOLS OF RED BLOOD in the dirt. No one in sight.
90) 0) text: Heroine and Tuffy look at each other and proceed with cau
92) 0) text: Heroine enters the ransacked house. Tuffy follows.
96) 2) text: Heroine kicks in the door and... There's a note on a teddy beer that says, "WE WENT TO THE
99) 0) text: Heroine and Tuffy skeptically look at the surroundings.  
100) 13) text: Heroine runs to her and the others follow. Charlie fidget awkwardly. She cries and blood stains her dress.
100) 15) text: As Heroine nears, Adulterer GRABS her arm.
100) 18) text: The group eyes Charlie, noticing Heroine's locket around ankle, leading to a slightly ajar manhole cover. Suddenly the sunlight starts to FADE. They look up the sun.
100) 20) text: The MOON moves in front of it -- a SOLAR ECLIPSE. Beast  HISSING and FLUTTERING is heard. Heroine looks from left right, panic stricken.
100) 22) text: The sunlight is fading. The manhole cover shakes, somethi is holding Charlie in place. Heroine lurches forward, but Adulterer holds her at bay.
100) 26) text: Heroine scoops up her child, moving away from Momma Beast Tuffy grabs them both, leading them back towards the stor front. As Adulterer's blood flows, Momma Beast drags him  towards her main prey.  A blanket of darkness leads Momma Beast, overtaking the  survivors. At the store front, Heroine pulls Charlie clos
102) 2) text: Company Man #2 steps forward and uses a metal-cutting cha to cut through the hinges. The door falls with a THUD. As the dust clears, Tuffy, Heroine and Charlie stare back the men, huddled together in a defensive stance. The Man in Tan creaks his neck.
102) 4) text: Heroine, holding Charlie, lurches back.
103) 7) text: Heroine covers her daughter's ears as the survivors are h into the truck. Tuffy sits, looking to Bozo.
103) 10) text: Heroine, last in the truck, turns to the men.
103) 13) text: The door shuts on Heroine's concerned face. The Man in Ta locks eyes with the Driver.