15) 12) text: Chris tries to control her anger ­ is barely able to. CHRIS Billy Nolan
23) 3) text: Hey, is that it? Just Sue Snell? Billy goons INTO FRAME next to Chris, glomming his arm ar
23) 4) dialog: Hey, Suze.
23) 8) text: Sure, why not? Hey, listen, I've got a good one. "Roses a violets are blue, sugar is sweet, but Carrie White eats s Billy, goon that he is, cracks up. Sue finds it not at all funny, but doesn't know exactly w SUE
23) 13) text: Billy's over by the pinball machines with some of his goo around ­ much to their obvious delight ­ making the sou
27) 0) text: which belongs to the aforementioned BILLY NOLAN ­ a char stopped around the time he saw "Rebel" on television. He' cross swings around his neck. Right now, he's utterly amu turns to Chris who ignores him, still brooding over her a toke from a joint and hands it to her; she ignores that t applying makeup in the visor window. So Billy looks out h banter with a fellow cruiser idling beside them at the li out ­ an action with throws Chris backwards onto the sea CHRIS Goddamnit, Billy!
27) 1) text: He just laughs as he weaves through traffic. CHRIS (continuing) Slow down! (as he pays no heed) Slow down, you stupid shit! BILLY Scared, Chuckie? CHRIS No. You'll kill us, you stupid shit!
27) 2) text: Billy lazily slaps her, speeds up. BILLY Don't call me that. CHRIS Stupid shit.
27) 3) text: He slaps her again. CHRIS (continuing; under her breath) Stupid shit. BILLY (disgustedly) Oh wow!
29) 0) text: As Billy reaches over, very confidently, to draw Chris to She lets herself be kissed, then pulls away abruptly. He grabs at her, and she pulls away. BILLY What's wrong? CHRIS Can't you wait a minute? BILLY What for? CHRIS You're so ignorant. BILLY That's what you like. CHRIS
29) 1) text: Bullshit. BILLY
29) 3) text: No. BILLY
29) 5) text: No! She pushes him away. He grabs her. She pushes; he grabs. A struggle. Grabs at buttons are ripped off. BILLY
29) 7) text: Dumb shit! He slaps her. BILLY
29) 8) text: What'd I tell you? Silence. Then, after some time, he leans over and kisses again, and she responds. He goes at it. And she squirms a BILLY (continuing)
29) 10) text: I want you to do something. BILLY|
29) 13) text: I want you to do something for me. Something important. BILLY (warily)
29) 16) text: Billy, I hate Carrie White.
41) 0) text: Leading to Henty's farm. A slight drizzle; or, the ground crescent moon silhouettes a group of five: Billy and Chri completely wrecked KENNY GARSON, a very nervous FREDDY DE occasionally giggling, goggled HENRY TRENNANT ­ trailing a nine-pound sledge-hammer in the air; the other two goon and steel pails. Henty's farmhouse and barn are in the di DE LOIS Hell of a risk for a joke.
41) 1) text: Trennant giggles inanely. Billy stops and glares at De Lo BILLY You want out? DE LOIS (hastily) No, uh-uh. (then) It's a good joke, Billy.
41) 4) text: Trennant explodes into a fit of high-pitched laughter. BILLY Shut up, Henry. DE LOIS Whose funeral did he go to? BILLY His mother's. DE LOIS His mother's? Jesus Christ, she musta been older than God
41) 6) text: Garson drops one of the pails on the ground. BILLY Asshole.
41) 11) text: The face of five ­ COMING TO REST on De Lois. DE LOIS Doan worry, piggies, doan worry. I'm gonna bash your fuck heads in, and you woan have to worry `bout the bomb no mo BILLY Shut up and do it already. DE LOIS I will, I will. I'm not gonna give `em time to burp. BILLY The throat.
41) 13) text: He hands the sledge hammer to Billy. Chris, chilled to the bone, rubs herself to keep warm. CHRIS Do it, Billy.
41) 14) text: Billy touches the ball of his thumb to the edge of the sl CHRIS (continuing) Do it quick.
41) 15) text: And Billy smiles. Yes, he actually smiles. As he raises t
44) 4) text: As they arrive behind the stage. Billy puts the chest dow rubber gloves, snaps them on. Then he takes out two small
44) 6) text: Shining the flashlight to guide Billy, her face flushed w
44) 7) dialog: As he disappears behind a short draw curtain which obscur
44) 11) text: Billy! And just at that moment, a piece of crepe paper floats in hair. She jumps, utterly unnerved. She looks up to see Bi platform, grinning. BILLY
44) 13) text: You stupid shit. BILLY (still in good humor)
44) 15) text: Hurry up. Do you hear me, just hurry up. BILLY (blackface)
44) 17) text: I want to go home. BILLY
55) 20) text: They will. They will. Won't even be close. BILLY
67) 1) text: as a fire truck rushes toward the school, past Carrie. An nowhere, Billy's Chevy ­ it's headlights gleaming, lurch
69) 0) text: Billy is livid, turning around to see Carrie in the back BILLY Goddamnit! CHRIS Billy!!! BILLY Shut up! Just shut up!
69) 1) text: But the car is headed for an embankment. Billy realizes t But the car's accelerating, not responding to Billy's eff
70) 0) text: As Billy attempts to turn the wheel; it, too, has turned They're heading right for the embankment. Billy's eyes ar as: