1) 0) text: 1. FILLING THE FRAME like a picture postcard. Modest, old spotless В­ a vision of small town normalcy and virtue. This is the home of MARGARET WHITE and her daughter CARRI to have been scrubbed from roof to porch; it is white. Ev have been washed and bleached. Antiseptic. We hear a woman's voice: MARGARET (o.s.) Carrie! Carrie
1) 7) dialog: (not smiling; pointing with her finger) What are those?
1) 8) text: Stella looks where Carrie is pointing; the top of her bik her breasts В­ white against the golden tan. Stella adjus modesty of her own but as a reflex at being stared at so
1) 10) dialog: (a beat; then solemnly) I wish I had some.
1) 12) dialog: (a fact) No I won't.
1) 14) dialog: (emphatic) No, I won't. (glancing behind her) Momma says no... Momma says good girls don't.
1) 16) dialog: Glances anxiously at the mention of her mother at the Whi She swallows her words so that all Stella and we hear is:
1) 17) dialog: ...dirtypillows.
1) 19) dialog: Momma calls them dirtypillows. Says she's got them `cuz she was bad when she made me.
1) 22) dialog: Clearly torn В­ tempted but in the clutch of some weird t earth to open and swallow her up. She shakes her head.
1) 24) text: Carrie В­ now really scared В­ shakes her head and disapp
1) 25) dialog: I can't!
1) 45) text: At this point, the hysteric babble reaches its crescendo; in this cacophony as Margaret rants at Carrie to go into as Carrie's frightened little voice proclaims that she fo suddenly the screaming stops and it's quiet В­ dead quiet
2) 0) text: Now some years later В­ and no longer glistening so white front of the house as the door flies open. Carrie, now si doorway, carrying school books. As she comes out on the p behind her. She is wearing a shapeless, drab dress В­ much too long, without style. What remains in this adolescent girl that glimpsed in the prologue are those remarkable eyes. As she comes down the porch stairs, we hear:
2) 2) text: Carrie stops, turns to reply into the house.
2) 3) dialog: Yes, Momma.
2) 5) text: A moment of hesitation on Carrie's part, a very slight hi
2) 6) dialog: (sweetly) I always do, Momma.
3) 0) text: Carrie is walking to school, the sun shining brightly abo house, the livelier she seems. We sense that underneath t an altogether different creature than her appearance woul about this possibility, there is MUSIC.
3) 3) text: Carrie favors him with a sweet tolerant smile and goes on background: Bobby, frustrated, stops astride is bike and screams afte Bobby's face В­
4) 3) text: We will see, among others, Carrie. We also see TOMMY ROSS В­ a mid-seventies version of the clean-cut, intelligent, athletic.
4) 13) dialog: It's... beautiful.
4) 15) text: `Beautiful.' `Bee-t-ti-ful!' `Oh beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain.' Is that the beautiful y The class is snickering. Carrie throws a despairing glanc her, and away, embarrassed. Carrie looks down at her desk FROMM
4) 18) text: Well, at least we've finally gotten Carrie White to say something!
4) 19) text: Tommy looks toward Carrie, with something suggesting comp Then he looks toward Fromm, and he is muttering something TOMMY (muttering) You suck. FROMM Tommy? You said something? TOMMY Yes, sir. (moment; "popular" grin) I said... `shucks.'
5) 1) text: Okay, now. This is game point. This is the final point of the game and Rhonda Wilson is as Carrie). RHONDA (giving the score)
5) 2) text: Twenty В­ Twenty. The ball is successfully served and remains in play for s it back and forth over the net. And then, just when the t over the net toward Carrie. It's evident that the outcome success. The little boy who decided to put his finger in The other girls are (AD LIB) shouting cautions and admoni trembles with tension, about to bat the ball over the net Carrie whacks the ball. She shacks it hard. And on a line Another chorus of groans, with remarks like "Wouldn't you reinforcing them. Chris storms back toward Carrie. CHRIS (low, harsh)
5) 6) text: What are you waiting for, Carrie? (as Carrie looks at her)
5) 7) text: Bell in five minutes. CARRIE
5) 9) text: Peer-iod! Peer-iod! Carrie stares at her dumbly. The other girls are quick to take up the chant. Chris lea GIRLS
5) 12) text: Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up! Dime-sized drops are striking the tile floor at Carrie's SUE
5) 13) text: For God's sakes, Carrie, you got your period. (as Carrie turns toward her)
5) 14) text: Clean yourself up! Carrie seems bewildered. SUE (furiously)
5) 15) text: You're bleeding! You dumb pudding, you're bleeding! Carrie looks down and wails, the sound is very loud. A tampon strikes Carrie's chest, plops to her feet. Carri NORMA
5) 16) text: She thinks they're for lipstick. Behind her, another girl pretends to throw up. Shrieks of laughter. Another tampon strikes Carrie. Anoth with tampons and sanitary napkins, some from purses, some the wall. As they bombard Carrie: GIRLS
5) 17) text: Plug it up, plug it up, plug it up, plug it up.... We isolate Sue Snell at the moment she joins in the chant caught up in what can only be described as a fury. Carrie howls and begins to back away, howling louder and The door is flung open by Collins. COLLINS
5) 21) text: Out! As the girls slip out, Collins turns to Carrie, who has b slaps her face, not too hard at first, then with a flash CARRIE
5) 23) text: Stand up. Take care of yourself. CARRIE
5) 25) text: Damn you! She hurls Carrie part way across the room toward the brok COLLINS
5) 26) text: Get over there! And take one! CARRIE I don't know... COLLINS Never mind the coin slot... It's broken. CARRIE It hurts... my stomach... COLLINS (grabbing her) Do it! Now. CARRIE I can't. I don't know how!
5) 28) text: And she looks at Carrie. Her anger seems to seep away. He COLLINS Carrie, don't you know...? (shakes her head, realizing and wondering) You don't. (reaches for Carrie) I'll show you.
6) 4) text: Morty, until a half hour ago, I don't think she knew ther was such a thing. He hesitates a moment В­ noticing Carrie's bloody handpri MORTON
6) 8) text: Carrie's always been their scapegoat. So they... MORTON
6) 15) text: It's Carrie White. MORTON (fiddling with paper clips on his desk)
6) 16) text: Oh. The door is opened. Carrie stands in the doorway. MORTON
6) 19) text: Miss Finch, bring in a dismissal slip. (to Carrie)
6) 20) text: I think you might take the rest of the day and go home and, uh, well... take care of yourself, Cassie. CARRIE (hardly a murmur)
6) 21) text: Carrie. MORTON
6) 23) text: Thank you. (to Carrie)
6) 24) text: Would you like to go to the infirmary?... Carrie is shaking her head. MORTON
6) 26) text: I think Carrie can go home. MORTON Would you like a ride?
6) 27) text: Again, Carrie is shaking her head. MORTON We could call you a cab. COLLINS I'm sure she can walk home. And Carrie, you're excused from gym for a week. Take study hall instead.
6) 28) text: Morton picks up the dismissal slip, hands it to Carrie. MORTON We are sorry about this, Cassie. CARRIE (sudden fury) That's not my name!
6) 29) text: Two things happen simultaneously; Morton recoils slightly and then tumbles from the desk. Then Carrie goes out. Morton comes around the desk, stoops to pick up the ashtr moment, then looks at Collins. COLLINS (slowly) That reminds me. A light blew out while I was trying to calm her down. MORTON I'll send a janitor to fix it.
6) 39) dialog: Concentrating her hatred
6) 42) dialog: She walks across the street.
7) 2) text: Hey, fart-face! Hey, old praying Carrie!
7) 3) dialog: She keeps on walking, ignoring him.
7) 6) dialog: Turning toward him, her face contorted with rage.
7) 9) dialog: CLOSE now, featuring her eyes most prominently. Her face just happened? She thought (that's right, thought) someth And we HEAR another SCREAM, more of an angry shriek, and SOUND of:
7) 12) dialog: She is staring across the street at:
7) 15) dialog: The boy's defiant chant can be heard as Carrie blinks, wo wider. She looks at the boy. She frowns for a moment.
7) 18) dialog: A faint smile, partly of wonder, partly of a strange kind
9) 12) text: I think Carrie is in some of Sue's classes. MARGARET
9) 14) text: Perhaps some time Carrie might visit... MARGARET
10) 7) text: That's Carrie White's mother... As Eleanor nods and closes the door. SUE (apprehensively)
10) 14) dialog: Who is sitting in an old Boston rocker by the window in h She is wearing just a slip or perhaps an old terrycloth r on the narrow bed. She is leafing through a teenage magazine on the order of mundane fantasies of models in their pantyhose and underw An escape of sorts. And we reveal Carrie's bedroom in the low attic of the Wh decorated with just the fewest embellishments (i.e. high allow in exchange for her own prices В­ a crucifix above equally small mirror, a Bible and plastic glow-in-the-dar religious prints and plaster quotations on the wall.
10) 15) text: Caught up in the magazine, in the most normal of female f Madison Avenue mind. And then, with that extra sense of p about to be caught doing something it shouldn't, Carrie g see:
10) 17) text: Her heart pounding as we glimpse that look of terror we w now encased in the body of an adolescent. As she hears Margaret close the front door and call out h Carrie hastily stashes the magazine under the mattress. T the SOUNDS of Margaret in the kitchen, starting her daily And then the telephone RINGS В­ only to stop as Margaret Carrie dreaded В­ it's the school В­ and she stands by th Margaret's muffled voice. And then Margaret hangs up, and yelling but enunciation with a terrible clarity В­ she ca MARGARET'S VOICE
10) 18) text: I know you're listening. Come downstairs. And defeated, Carrie braces herself and goes down the:
10) 21) text: Hello, Momma. No response. The teakettle is just beginning to boil over strange little kitchen В­ a veritable arsenal of lace-tat Carrie sits down at the kitchen table, bursting with sham recognizes her mother's wall of silence, knowing she won' been through this dance a thousand times. Finally, Carrie CARRIE
10) 25) text: You're a woman now. CARRIE
10) 26) text: Oh Momma, why didn't you tell me something? I was so scar Margaret walks over to the table and sits next to Carrie. opens the Bible and starts to read with one of those stra face: MARGARET
10) 27) text: `And God made Eve from the rib of Adam. And Eve was weak and loosed the raven on the world, and the raven was called Sin В­ ` She pushes the Bible at Carrie, her finger on the place. MARGARET
10) 28) text: ...and the raven was called sin... CARRIE
10) 30) text: ...and the raven was called Sin! ...and the first sin was CARRIE
10) 31) text: I was so scared! And the other girls, they made fun of me and threw things and В­ Margaret's hand flashes out, backhanding Carrie into the sting of it bringing tears to her eyes.
10) 32) dialog: Momma, please listen. It wasn't my fault. Another backhanded blow knocks Carrie to the floor.
10) 33) dialog: Momma! MARGARET
10) 35) dialog: Momma, please help me. MARGARET
10) 36) text: And Eve was weak and loosed the raven on the world. CARRIE
10) 39) dialog: Momma, please listen. A kick. MARGARET
10) 40) text: And the Lord visited Eve with a curse, and the curse was the Curse of Blood! The teakettle starts to WHISTLE. CARRIE
10) 41) text: You should have told me! Margaret clutches Carrie's wrist in a vise. MARGARET (heavenward)
10) 42) text: O Lord, help this sinning woman see the sin of her days a Show her that if she had remained sinless В­ CARRIE
10) 44) text: -- the Curse of Blood would never have come on her. She m been tempted by the Antichrist. She may have committed th Lustful Thoughts. The teakettle is WHISTLING louder В­ a high-pitched screa CARRIE
10) 47) dialog: Momma, let me go. Margaret flings open the door of the kitchen closet. MARGARET
10) 49) text: And the Lord visited Eve with a Curse, and the Curse was of Blood. And there was a Second Curse, and this was the Childbearing, and Eve brought forth Cain in sweat and blo She propels Carrie into the closet, slams the door behind overlapping onto:
10) 52) dialog: She looks away В­ and inwards. With her, we see:
10) 57) dialog: As the girls would see her, cowering, the bloody napkins
10) 59) dialog: Tears are streaming down her face. She whispers: CARRIE
12) 8) text: It's Carrie. TOMMY
12) 10) text: Carrie. Carrie White. TOMMY
12) 11) text: Praying Carrie? SUE (sharply)
12) 12) text: Don't call her that. TOMMY (imitating Carrie)
12) 28) text: About Carrie. TOMMY
12) 34) text: So you were teasing Carrie White В­
12) 57) text: I want you to think about Carrie White. TOMMY (incredulously)
12) 67) text: Carrie White? It does come out as a question.
13) 1) dialog: She is standing in the entrance of the living room. Her d almost too calm.
13) 3) dialog: She crosses over to her mother, kisses her lightly on the CARRIE Good night, Momma.
13) 4) text: Carrie goes to the stairs.
14) 0) text: Carrie turns on a light. She undresses slowly, wearily. A herself in the mirror. A close, tired inspection. Her eye doesn't like what she sees; she doesn't like herself. Flex. Slowly cracks appear in the mirror, spiderwebs. Flex. The mirror cracks wider. And flex: the mirror shatters, crashes to the dresser in on the floor. MARGARET
14) 1) text: Carrie! Carrie? Carrie! A moment of utter panic В­ now what?
14) 3) text: Carrie! Carrie, open this door! (a beat; nothing)
14) 4) text: Carrie! Another beat; then: CARRIE'S VOICE (sweetly)
14) 7) text: What was that noise? CARRIE Nothing, Momma.
14) 9) text: She leaves the doorway and we return to Carrie, who smile Flex. The door slams closed.
18) 0) text: Carrie quickly pulls away from the door before she can be
20) 0) text: Carrie is now far down the hall, a small distant figure. corner. The hall is empty and still; HOLD, then:
21) 4) text: As Carrie flips through the "T" card catalog В­ passing e until she gets to:
23) 8) text: Sure, why not? Hey, listen, I've got a good one. "Roses a violets are blue, sugar is sweet, but Carrie White eats s Billy, goon that he is, cracks up. Sue finds it not at all funny, but doesn't know exactly w SUE
23) 11) text: That goddamn Carrie! If only the rest of you had walked o Jesus, Sue, why didn't you? SUE I took the detention because I thought we В­ I В­ earned thing to have done. End of statement. CHRIS Bullshit! That goddamn snerd and her batshit mother В­ sa going to hell. SUE (rising) What'd she ever do to you, Chris? Or to any of us? Why do so much? CHRIS Hey, hey... tell me if I'm wrong, but who was that n ther the rest of us? SUE Me. (it comes out a pinched nerve) Me. But I stopped. CHRIS (dawning on her; getting it finally) Oh. Oh, aren't you just it? Oh, my, yes. (imitating; prissy) You stopped. Hey, Billee, she stopped.
29) 16) text: Billy, I hate Carrie White.
31) 0) text: Margaret slowly opens the door to Carrie's room and enter Carrie is lying in bed, motionless, asleep. Margaret crosses the room quietly. She leans over the bed glow-in-the-dark statue В­ not in its usual place on the seems very innocent. MARGARET (low)
31) 1) text: Carrie, did you pray? No answer. Margaret bends over Carrie. And with surprising tendernes The she straightens up quickly, as though she has violate Carrie opens her eyes. She pulls a book out from under th Madonna-child figurine, it begins to glow brighter and br bright enough to read by now, and we leave Carrie expandi
32) 0) text: As Carrie examines a shelf of books with titles like "Cos Ogilve's "Hidden Powers of the Mind." She decides on the TOMMY'S VOICE
32) 1) text: Carrie? CARRIE
32) 3) text: How're you doing? CARRIE (after a beat; almost inaudibly)
32) 6) text: What're you reading? CARRIE (trying to cover, and not very well)
32) 8) text: Umm... if you don't have a date for the Prom, would you w to go with me? CARRIE
32) 10) text: The Prom... Without saying a word, Carrie walks down the aisle of boo main room where students are reading, working. TOMMY (continuing)
32) 11) text: ...It's next Friday, and I know this is later notice, but tickets soon, and В­ The bell RINGS. CARRIE
32) 12) text: I don't like to be tricked. A couple of students stare at Tommy talking to Carrie as TOMMY
32) 13) text: Carrie... But it's too late В­ she's gone, already out the door.
33) 2) text: Hey, Carrie! Wait! A couple of other students watch this В­ is this their To Carrie? But he's oblivious of any looks now, any snickeri Carrie. Which he does; he manages to touch her arm, and it's a we around, her head painfully ducked down. TOMMY (continuing)
33) 3) text: Hey, it's no big deal. And she looks up and stares at him with that peculiar int around them. Quiet, quietly: CARRIE
34) 0) text: As Collins tidies up after one of the classes В­ throwing hear a mewing, whimpering sound and come upon Carrie who' corners of the room, crying. It's almost as if she create COLLINS
34) 1) text: Carrie? (on no response)
34) 2) text: Carrie, what's the matter? (on still no response)
34) 3) text: Was it one of the girls? Did one of the girls do somethin Do you want a Kleenex? CARRIE
34) 5) text: It's all right. Just tell me, there's nothing to be afrai CARRIE
34) 7) text: That's it... CARRIE
34) 9) text: Not until Monday. Now what is it? Are you going to tell m Come on, Carrie, tell me. CARRIE
34) 11) text: That's great! CARRIE
34) 13) text: Tommy Ross В­ that's wonderful. He's cute. CARRIE I know who he goes around with. They're trying to trick m again. I know. COLLINS Maybe he really meant it. I mean, maybe he really did mea Maybe you should think about it. It might be really fun. might have a really good time! CARRIE It would be a nightmare. COLLINS C'mon, Carrie. You should have a better image of yourself just think you're unattractive, but look at your hair. It If you just fixed it up a little... here, I'll show you.
35) 0) text: where Collins and Morton are grabbing a quick cup of coff COLLINS Carrie's been asked to the prom. MORTON Who? COLLINS Carrie White. MORTON By whom? The Beak? COLLINS By Tommy Ross.
36) 3) text: A part of things? Oh, come on, Sue. None of us are that s neither is Carrie. SUE
36) 26) text: Silence. COLLINS (continuing) Tommy, when you come to the prom with Carrie White, don't think you'll look a little ridiculous? TOMMY Well... SUE We don't care how we look.
37) 0) text: As Tommy's Volkswagen parks across the street, Tommy gets house. Carrie is inside, watching him come up the stairs. She re door. TOMMY So this is where you live. CARRIE What... what're you doing here? TOMMY (laughs)
37) 3) dialog: Momma's resting. What do you want? TOMMY
37) 4) text: Right to the point, huh? Okay, about the prom. CARRIE
37) 6) text: Nothing to stop you changing your mind. Girls do it all the time. CARRIE
37) 8) text: Hey, I'm asking you because I want to. CARRIE
37) 10) text: Look, I don't do anything I don't want to. CARRIE
37) 12) text: Sure you can. In the background В­ in the kitchen, perhaps В­ Margaret Carrie glances nervously behind her; then back at Tommy. CARRIE
37) 14) text: Carrie! Who are you talking to? TOMMY
37) 15) text: Don't you think you better answer? CARRIE
37) 17) text: You're going with me. CARRIE
37) 19) text: You're going. CARRIE
37) 21) text: No one will laugh. We'll see to it. CARRIE
37) 23) text: Not `til you say yes. Carrie swipes at her eyes with the back of her hand; help like to go at this point, but that extra sense in her is CARRIE
37) 26) text: And in just these split seconds, she decides; had he not called, perhaps she could have held back. CARRIE Yes. (beat) Okay. TOMMY I'll pick you up at eight. CARRIE (whispering) Fine. (then) Thank you.
37) 28) dialog: Watching him. She takes the hand he "touched" and brushes little beautiful? You bet. MARGARET'S VOICE Carrie? Did you hear me? CARRIE Coming, Momma. Coming.
38) 2) text: I asked Tommy to take Carrie. I thought I owed her that m HELEN
40) 0) text: As Carrie and Margaret finish dinner. Silence В­ punctuat outside and occasional flashes of THUNDER and lightning. MARGARET You haven't touched your pie, Carrie. CARRIE It makes me have pimples, Momma. MARGARET Your pimples are the Lord's way of chastising you. CARRIE Momma? MARGARET Yes? CARRIE Momma, please see that I have to start to get... to try a get along with people. MARGARET Whatever are you going on about? Have you been showering with the other girls again? CARRIE I... I've been invited to the prom. MARGARET (a foreign language) Prom? CARRIE It's next Friday, and В­ MARGARET
40) 1) text: It's that teacher, the one that called. She'll be sorry. CARRIE
40) 2) text: Momma, please see that I'm not like you. I'm funny, I mea the kids think I'm funny. I don't want to be. I want to t be a whole person before it's too late to В­ Margaret throws her cup of tea in Carrie's face. It's col herself in, she's going to be in charge this time. She ta CARRIE (continuing)
40) 4) text: No! CARRIE
40) 6) text: -- I said no! CARRIE
40) 8) text: No, no, no В­ CARRIE
40) 9) text: -- accepted. Pause. Margaret's shaking with fury, trembling. Carrie wipes the stringy wet hair from her forehead. CARRIE (continuing)
40) 11) text: The closet. CARRIE
40) 13) text: After all you've been taught В­ CARRIE
40) 15) text: Go to your closet and pray. Ask to be forgiven! CARRIE
40) 18) dialog: Momma В­ MARGARET
40) 19) text: ...grinning and slobbering, trying to find out where the comes from, where the smell is. That... smell! CARRIE
40) 22) dialog: Momma, you better stop. MARGARET
40) 23) text: You're not going. CARRIE
40) 25) text: Then say no. Say no. Or we'll move. CARRIE
40) 27) text: We'll move from here and you'll never see that boy again. A gust of wind causes the window to blow open. Margaret g window. Carrie is silent, watching herself being shut out MARGARET (continuing)
40) 29) dialog: Momma, sit down. MARGARET
40) 30) text: I'm going to close the windows. CARRIE
40) 32) text: No. Margaret continues toward the kitchen window to close it. Carrie knits her brow, and flex, the window closes. Margaret whips around, facing Carrie. CARRIE
40) 35) text: Flex. Another window. MARGARET (continuing) It's Satan's power. First he entered your father, carried CARRIE He ran away, Momma. Everyone knows that.
40) 36) text: Flex. A couple of windows. MARGARET The devil tempted him. CARRIE He ran away with a woman, Momma. MARGARET All men are the same. That boy, he's like all the rest, h
40) 37) text: Flex. The rest of the windows in the house THUNDER shut. CARRIE I don't care. He asked me to go. And I'm going. I'm going Momma. You can't stop me.
43) 0) text: Margaret sits beneath the plaster crucifix. The sampler, however, sits in her lap В­ unfinished, unmi "Amazing Grace" В­ a sweet, contemporary rendition В­ is Kathryn Kuhlman. Carrie sits at the sewing machine, finishing work on the removes the material from the sewing machine, which we no MARGARET Red. I might have known it would be red.
43) 1) text: The cuckoo clock is TICKING, TICKING. Carrie stares at Margaret, then turns the sewing machine then turns her attention to the machine, her eyes sparkli Courtesy of Carrie, the treadle on the machine depresses The needle starts to bob up and down, up and down, up and The side wheel spins. And then stops. CARRIE (softly) Only clearing the thread, Momma.
43) 3) text: Carrie pauses. CARRIE (wearily; pitying)
43) 5) text: He has given you a power. CARRIE
43) 7) text: Satan is clever. CARRIE
43) 9) text: Satan... CARRIE
43) 11) text: You poor child. He doesn't let you know he's working thro CARRIE
43) 13) text: You are to renounce this power. You must give it up. You CARRIE
43) 15) text: There's going to be a judgement! There's nothing more to say. Carrie walks up to the stair
45) 0) text: Carrie sits in front of that same mirror, but this time, different girl, which pleases her. She looks different, v dressed in her lush red crushed velvet prom dress, but th that we don't see it. In any case, it is not prim. She is well, there has been a transformation. In the background, the door is opened by Margaret. CARRIE
45) 1) text: Come in, Momma. Margaret advances into the room. Carrie opens a florist box and takes out a lovely corsage CARRIE
45) 3) text: I can see your dirtypillows. Everyone will. CARRIE
45) 4) text: Breasts, Momma, breasts. Every woman has them. Carrie's voice is calm; nothing, not even Margaret, will scene В­ and all that follow for a considerable period of It's all been diffused a bit В­ a fairy tale through Carr looks acceptable; what looked good before now looks spect MARGARET
45) 5) text: Take off that dress. CARRIE
45) 7) text: We'll burn it together, we'll pray for forgiveness. CARRIE
45) 9) text: He's not coming. CARRIE
45) 10) text: Stop it, Momma. I'm nervous enough. Margaret reaches up and pinches her cheek hard, leaving a Carrie. Carrie is pinning the tea roses on herself. Margaret hooks her right hand into a claw, rips at her ch CARRIE
45) 11) text: Stop hurting yourself, Momma. That's not going to stop me Margaret strikes herself in the mouth with her fist. CARRIE
45) 13) text: You know I'm right. He'll laugh at you. They'll all laugh CARRIE
45) 15) text: It's not too late. You can stay here with me. CARRIE
45) 17) text: I'll answer the door and say you're sick, I'll say В­ CARRIE
45) 20) text: `Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.' The words stop. But Margaret's eyes are fixed on Carrie, voice is soft and compassionate. CARRIE
45) 21) text: You'll say nothing, Momma. You are going to have to learn I'm not like you, not anymore. The BUZZER downstairs sounds. Carrie goes to her window a
45) 23) dialog: She goes back to the bed and picks up her wrap; then, to CARRIE
45) 25) text: There's going to be a judgement! CARRIE
45) 30) dialog: He didn't know she could be beautiful. And she is.
45) 32) text: Hi. Carrie takes his hand.
46) 0) text: Hand in hand, Carrie and Tommy walk down the path toward They are observed by:
50) 0) text: as Tommy turns off the ignition. Carrie's staring at the Tommy watches her taking it all in. CARRIE It's like a dream. TOMMY You can still change your mind, you know.
50) 1) text: She turns to him and realizes he's teasing her. CARRIE Easier said than done. TOMMY (grinning) C'mon. CARRIE No. Please В­ not yet. TOMMY Scared? CARRIE Yes. (beat) Can we sit here another minute?
50) 2) text: Tommy laughs and nods. A moment of silence. Carrie is mis Tommy, she's trying to have a good time, but it's hard. I time. Perhaps it would be better to sit this one out. CARRIE Tommy... (and then out it comes) Maybe... maybe this was a mistake. TOMMY Hey, it won't be so bad.
51) 0) text: where the prom is already under way, the band PLAYING an Nocturne." From Carrie's POV it's all magic В­ explosions like they stepped out of an advertisement for happiness. Carrie just stands at the double-doors which are the main as Tommy hands their tickets to ushers at the door. As Ca stage wall В­ full of celestial moon, stars and rockets В VOICE Hey, Ross. Gawd, you look queer.
51) 3) text: Carrie smiles back at her nervously; there's an awkward s FRIEDA Hey, where'd you buy your dress? I love it. CARRIE (shyly) I made it. FRIEDA (unaffected surprise) Made it? No shit.
51) 4) text: Carrie hesitates; realizes Frieda is quite sincere. CARRIE No shit.
51) 5) text: Frieda laughs; so does Carrie, and the tension eases up. on Carrie. He shrugs В­ it's working, goddammit В­ and he jacket.
51) 6) text: Carrie and Frieda, Tommy and George right behind them, he FRIEDA
51) 7) text: The mural's nice. CARRIE
51) 10) text: S'okay. We're sitting together. And she takes Carrie's arm. Norma Watson rushes over to them В­ all breathy taffeta a NORMA
51) 11) text: Carrie! (looking her up and down)
51) 12) text: That's a lovely dress, Carrie. Wherever did you get it? CARRIE
51) 14) text: Well, of course you did. I can't get over it, you look so You're positively glowing. What's your secret? CARRIE
51) 24) text: As the prom gets underway: A) JOSIE AND THE MOONGLOWS В­ THE BAND В­ make like Lawre and launch into an oldie-but-goodie. On drums В­ The Beak B) THE TWINS В­ CORA AND RHONDA В­ dressed identically, d C) ERNEST PETERSON, the black class president, is wonderf gets the evening's first entertainment organized. It (or D) SANDRA STENCHFIELD and her fabulous twirling baton act to the lilting STRAINS of "Raindrops Keep Falling On My H E) NORMA is off in a corner, bending another girl's ear; by, pretending to be invisible. F) MORTON, FROMM and the other chaperones including MISS something to do, for someone who's stepping out of line. FREDDY DE LOIS, who's guzzling the punch. G) TOMMY and CARRIE sit at their table next to GEORGE and Tommy lights a candle.
51) 26) text: Viiibes! He grabs Frieda, and they make their way out onto the dan helplessly at Carrie. CARRIE
51) 30) text: Sure you don't want to dance? CARRIE
51) 32) text: Carrie? Carrie turns around and finds herself facing Collins В­ d students than a teacher. CARRIE
51) 35) text: You too. Beautiful. CARRIE
51) 37) text: `scuse me. (to Carrie)
51) 39) text: May I? Carrie nods, and she sits down, pulling the chair next to moment; everyone else is dancing or occupied. COLLINS
51) 40) text: Carrie, anything that happened before... well, it's all f I want you to know that. CARRIE
51) 42) text: But it's over with. It's over. Collins smiles; she looks at the dance floor and Carrie's moment, the band is PLAYING a quiet number В­ slow, roman COLLINS
51) 43) text: I remember my own prom. I was two inches taller than the went with when I was in my heels. He gave me a corsage th with my gown. But it was magic. I don't know why. But I'v had a date like it, ever since. Is it like that for you? CARRIE
51) 45) text: Just nice? CARRIE
51) 48) text: You'll never forget it. CARRIE
51) 49) text: I think you're right. And then, on sheer impulse, Carrie reaches out and hugs h CARRIE
51) 51) text: Have a lovely time, Carrie. TOMMY (o.s.)
51) 54) text: Girl secrets. A smile at Carrie, and she goes off. TOMMY
51) 55) text: Don't let me catch you hugging any guys. CARRIE
51) 57) text: Better not. Hey, listen, do you really have to be back so CARRIE
51) 59) text: Okay. I understand. CARRIE
51) 61) text: No, it's okay. Listen, the other kids are going over to L after the Prom В­ CARRIE (breaking in)
51) 63) text: What is? CARRIE
51) 65) text: Hey, let me finish. What I was going to say, I mean if it with you, what do you say we go to the Cavalier? CARRIE (surprised; she'd love to)
51) 68) text: Then it's settled. He takes her arm, turns her toward the dance floor. CARRIE (holding back)
51) 70) text: C'mon... CARRIE
51) 72) text: You can. He has his arms around her and half-spins, half tugs her of considerable confidence В­ the best part of his popula Gradually, Carrie gets caught up in the slow dancing, beg awkwardly, begins to get less and less self-conscious, an freedom.
51) 74) text: Hey... CARRIE
51) 78) text: No harm, no foul. They stand there for a couple of seconds. And suddenly and swiftly, Carrie kisses Tommy. It's a qui bird peck. And again they stand there, until: CARRIE
51) 80) text: You danced. CARRIE
51) 82) text: It's easy. And he kisses her. She breaks, looking up at him. CARRIE
51) 84) text: Why what? CARRIE
51) 86) text: It's the prom. CARRIE
51) 88) text: Because I asked you. And... CARRIE
51) 90) text: Because I wanted to. CARRIE
51) 93) text: ...you liked my poem. Only I didn't write it. Someone els CARRIE
51) 95) text: Look, Carrie, we're here, we're together... and I like it I mean, I... CARRIE
51) 97) text: Hey, look! Carrie looks off, following his glance, at:
53) 4) text: as Norma Watson haughtily drops a ballot on their table i of George. Carrie examines the paper. CARRIE Tommy... (looking up to see him smiling at her) ...we're on here! TOMMY I know. (seeing her concern) Want to decline? CARRIE Do you want to? TOMMY Hell, no. If you win, all you do is sit up there for the and one dance. And they put your picture in the yearbook can see we looked like idiots. Besides, it's the last yea
53) 5) text: Carrie looks up at the stage В­ at the massive thrones al CARRIE They're beautiful. TOMMY You're beautiful.
53) 6) text: Carrie meets his eyes and blushes; it's all overwhelming tiny party favor boat on the table in front of her, at th CARRIE Who do we vote for? They're more your crowd than mine. TOMMY
53) 7) text: Whatever you like. CARRIE
53) 10) text: Hurt yourself? CARRIE
54) 0) text: as Sue В­ hardly in formal attire В­ stares through the s Carrie stared through earlier В­ she stares inside as:
55) 1) text: Carrie is holding Tommy's hand tightly В­ too tightly. TOMMY
55) 2) text: Hey, hey. CARRIE Sorry. TOMMY Don't know your own strength. Whew.
55) 14) dialog: Slowly looking up, seeing Tommy. CARRIE
58) 1) text: As Tommy picks up the pencil, Carrie puts her hand on his CARRIE Don't. TOMMY What? CARRIE Don't vote for us. TOMMY In for a penny, in for a pound. That's what my grandmothe CARRIE (swallowing) Don't. Please.
58) 4) text: Carrie stares at the receding figure of Norma as if she w
60) 0) text: as Ernest returns to the microphone. The BAND plays another FANFARE OF DRUMS. Ernest sees this almost drops the ballots. He pauses for a moment, surveyi prom-goers. An actors savoring the tension. Then he smile ERNEST Tommy and Carrie win. By one vote.
60) 1) text: Begin SLOW MOTION Silence. Everything a half-beat exaggerated, slowed. Carrie gasps inwardly; the candle in front of her blows o Tommy grins, amused. He shrugs his shoulders at Carrie. And the applause begins В­ some of it, most of it, genuin The band launches into a rock version of "Pomp and Circum Ushers appear at Tommy and Carrie's table. George is poun aluminum foil scepter is thrust into Tommy's hand; a robe Carrie's shoulders.
60) 12) dialog: Staring down at the gym floor; the lights are searing В­ see clearly, and a new set of spotlights being shone on T
60) 25) dialog: Confused, wondering what's happening in the glare of ligh
61) 4) text: almost proscenium-like in this FRAMING, from all the way Carrie and Tommy sit on their huge thrones as the buckets on top of them.
62) 1) dialog: Her eyes tightly clenched shut, looking as if she's been gotten the worst of it.
62) 7) dialog: as she starts toward the unconscious Tommy.
62) 9) dialog: hearing the dreaded laughter.
62) 13) dialog: Putting her hands to her blood-covered face, slowly getti
62) 15) text: Carrie hesitates at the sight of the teacher. But it's to we've seen to date, she jerks her head and Collins bounce slamming into a wall.
62) 18) dialog: Tears streaming down her face, the blood streaking, as sh tormentors.
63) 1) dialog: Takes a deep breath, mustering her energy. She closes her
63) 3) dialog: Closes her eyes even tighter and flexes. And В­ in SWISH
65) 3) dialog: A small smile at being recognized by the Beak as the one now. It's not what she wanted, but it no longer matters. never forget her.
65) 5) dialog: Seeing the hose, getting the idea... NOTE: SPLIT SCREENS
65) 11) dialog: Eyes gleaming, a glimmer of triumph as she concentrates a
65) 14) dialog: A smile of satisfaction. For the first time, she's showin to look foolish. She's standing on one side of the stage.
65) 16) dialog: Still controlling the hose, she spots Ernest, seeing him
65) 17) text: knowing somehow В­ with some sixth sense В­ that Carrie's hurries toward the area where the band equipment is plugg cables are hooked up to the electrical current. Behind him, Fromm has reached the microphone and is tryin remain calm.
65) 18) dialog: Realizing just what Ernest plans to do: CARRIE (gently; determined) No.
65) 22) dialog: Watching this; another flex, and:
65) 25) dialog: Her face flushed, a vein in her forehead throbs, her hear
65) 29) dialog: her heart pounding like an anvil. She's staring at:
65) 31) dialog: She flexes.
65) 33) dialog: Watching all this В­ a giggle (or is it a sob?) emerging Another flex.
65) 36) dialog: Spots them. In the instant it takes her to wonder what th They're out the door, and there's absolutely nothing she
65) 38) dialog: As she makes her way down the stage stairs and out onto t under the stage first, and realizes just how the trick wa it.
65) 40) text: As Carrie makes it to one set of double doors, flexes the
66) 0) text: As Carrie exits, the doors swinging shut. Behind her, thr fire collapse behind her. She passes Sue in the hall who's sobbing hysterically. An inferno of fire to find Tommy. And then the town WHISTLE overlaps onto:
67) 0) text: Carrie's on her way home. At this point, she looks less l car accident; wet, caked with blood, eyes glistening madl a hill, and then, from:
67) 1) text: as a fire truck rushes toward the school, past Carrie. An nowhere, Billy's Chevy В­ it's headlights gleaming, lurch
67) 2) dialog: Turns around and sees it coming toward her.
68) 1) dialog: As the Chevy heads right for her, standing in the headlig and forth, her arms thrown out.
68) 3) dialog: Flexing, averting the car just as it almost smacks into h
69) 0) text: Billy is livid, turning around to see Carrie in the back BILLY Goddamnit! CHRIS Billy!!! BILLY Shut up! Just shut up!
69) 2) dialog: Her head pounding, flexing.
70) 2) dialog: Watching this explosion turn into a conflagration. We see exhausted face В­ brighter and brighter as we HEAR the so SOUND OF SIRENS, and:
70) 6) text: She opens the door wider. CARRIE (louder) Momma?
70) 7) text: Silence. Carrie steps inside. CARRIE (louder) Momma, I'm home.
70) 8) text: Silence. Carrie closes the front door.
71) 0) text: With the closing of the door, Carrie turns on a light. Sh ominously empty, ominously still. CARRIE
72) 0) text: Carrie turns on the lights, closes the door. She stares at the Madonna-child figurine on the bureau. Then, slowly, she removes her blood-stained clothing, let Clutching a robe, she goes into the bathroom.
73) 0) text: Carrie turns on the shower, waits for it to get hot. It i Very carefully, Carrie scrubs herself clean. Then she steps out of the shower, dries herself off brief bathroom light. What's important here is this gives us ti
74) 0) text: Carrie returns to her room. She is clean now; her wet hai her or perhaps she is emptied out. Carrie almost mouths: CARRIE Momma...
75) 0) text: Carrie goes to the head of the stairs. Once again, she mo CARRIE Momma...
75) 3) dialog: She flings out her arms and cries out: CARRIE Oh, Momma!
75) 4) text: And throws herself against her mother, holds her. A movem movement, hard to define. And Carrie recoils, her hands c Briefly we see the knife in Margaret's hand. Then Carrie tumbles down the stairs.
75) 5) text: On Carrie, lying like a broken doll, huddled at the foot
75) 8) dialog: Dazed, she sees her mother coming, dimly, everything dist backwards, her eyes always on her mother, who is slowly b stairs. MARGARET And now the devil has come home. CARRIE (whimpering) Momma, it's not right.
75) 9) text: Carrie starts crawling to the kitchen.
76) 0) text: Carrie crawls farther and farther from the door, until sh just as Margaret, the knife gleaming in her hand, pointed the stairs and turns toward the kitchen, mumbling all the Carrie flexes: the kitchen door swings shut. Margaret is coming toward the kitchen. Carrie flexes again В­ to hold the door shut. But it's no use В­ Margaret is relentless now, and the do starts toward Carrie, the door swinging behind her. MARGARET I should have killed you when you were born. CARRIE Momma, I love you. Please help me! MARGARET Sin never dies.
76) 1) text: There's nothing else to be done. Carrie flexes, and a ser the way В­ suddenly hurtles through the air, piercing Mar another as a rain of instruments strikes Margaret. Margaret collapses. Carrie, horrified by what she's done, starts toward her m And then she and we see Sue standing in the doorway, clas her screams. CARRIE You. You tricked me. SUE
76) 2) text: No. CARRIE
76) 4) text: We were just trying to... CARRIE
76) 5) text: Get out. And then something hits the roof, rattling. A small sound Then another. Then a third. CARRIE
76) 6) text: Get out! Get out! The stones are beginning to rain on the roof, like hail. Sue is rooted to the spot, terrified. CARRIE
76) 7) text: Get out, get out, get out! The stones are coming down harder. All sound as one or tw rattle on the floor below. CARRIE
78) 0) text: As a couple of larger stones crash into the room, Carrie
80) 0) text: Carrie walks toward the closet; the figure of Jesus is il into the closet. She closes the door. Stones crash down, obliterating the scene.