5) 2) text: Twenty ­ Twenty. The ball is successfully served and remains in play for s it back and forth over the net. And then, just when the t over the net toward Carrie. It's evident that the outcome success. The little boy who decided to put his finger in The other girls are (AD LIB) shouting cautions and admoni trembles with tension, about to bat the ball over the net Carrie whacks the ball. She shacks it hard. And on a line Another chorus of groans, with remarks like "Wouldn't you reinforcing them. Chris storms back toward Carrie. CHRIS (low, harsh)
5) 8) text: Oh uh? As Collins departs, and the other girls start to move tow in her shower stall. She is soaping herself. In a virtual moving her hands over her breasts in small, regular, virt out of frame, below her stomach. Slowly, it emerges back just as she and we see this, so do the girls. CHRIS
5) 9) text: Peer-iod! Peer-iod! Carrie stares at her dumbly. The other girls are quick to take up the chant. Chris lea GIRLS
10) 44) text: -- the Curse of Blood would never have come on her. She m been tempted by the Antichrist. She may have committed th Lustful Thoughts. The teakettle is WHISTLING louder ­ a high-pitched screa CARRIE
10) 56) dialog: In the forefront of the pack.
15) 6) text: All the girls ­ except Chris ­ obey. COLLINS You too, Chris. And spit out that gum. CHRIS (overly sweet) Where'll I put it, Miss Collins? COLLINS You can choke on it for all I care. Now sit down.
15) 7) dialog: Pausing for a second, then deciding it's better to go alo down.
15) 12) text: Chris tries to control her anger ­ is barely able to. CHRIS Billy Nolan
15) 13) text: Collins ­ eye-to-eye with Chris now, smiles. COLLINS Well, isn't he the lucky one.
15) 17) text: The girls sigh with relief. Chris has a particularly smug then she reels in the line: COLLINS But. There's one little catch. It's to be my detention. R the gym. Fifty minutes every day. Get the picture?
15) 19) dialog: Furious, defiant. CHRIS I won't come.
21) 0) text: As the girls change silently into their green gym outfits resigned to their punishment. Chris, however, is about to her locker and slams the door shut.
22) 1) text: As she runs to position herself next to Sue. CHRIS She can't get away with this. I'm going to get her. That SUE Let it go, Chris.
22) 2) text: And Sue runs on, leaving Chris ­ red in the face, breath deliberately slows down and then just halts. COLLINS The period's not up, Hargensen. CHRIS It is for me. COLLINS There are ten minutes left. CHRIS Stick them up your ass.
22) 3) text: Chris starts to stalk past Collins who reaches out and fi immediately hysterical. CHRIS You can't hit us! You'll get canned for this, you bitch! COLLINS One more word from you and I'll throw you across the room see if I'm telling the truth?
22) 4) text: Appealing to the others now; flailing, out of control. CHRIS She can't get away with this! Goddammit! If we all stick
22) 6) text: Featuring Chris and Sue SUE (lifeless) Shut up, Chris. Just shut up.
22) 7) dialog: A mutineer without a single ally now. She realizes it and locker room, and this time, Collins doesn't even try to s CHRIS This isn't over. This isn't over by a long shot.
23) 0) text: The local after-school hangout. Clusters of students mill machines, a jukebox thumping "NO WHERE TO RUN" by Martha Sue is sitting, reading, alone in one of the booths as Ch clique, and spots her. CHRIS Hey, Sue! Just who I've been looking for!
23) 1) text: Sue looks up and tries to force her face into a smile. Ch her and thrusts her John F. Kennedy school yearbook acros involuntarily jerks away from out of nervousness. CHRIS (continuing) I wanted you to sign my yearbook. Hey, where's you old ma did he stand you up? SUE (busying herself with the yearbook) Still at practice CHRIS
23) 2) text: Well, I guess you've heard I'm out of the prom. I bet tha Morton loses his job, though. Daddy's suing them. Hey, Bi Come over and say hi to Sue. Sue slides the yearbook back across the table to Chris, w CHRIS (continuing)
23) 3) text: Hey, is that it? Just Sue Snell? Billy goons INTO FRAME next to Chris, glomming his arm ar
23) 5) dialog: I think we're going anyway, right, Billee? BILLY
23) 6) text: Sure thing, Charlie. Chris playfully jabs him in the ribs. SUE
23) 7) text: You mean crash? CHRIS
23) 9) text: Chris, I've got to go. A new tune comes on the juke ­ Shirley and Company whoop
23) 11) text: That goddamn Carrie! If only the rest of you had walked o Jesus, Sue, why didn't you? SUE I took the detention because I thought we ­ I ­ earned thing to have done. End of statement. CHRIS Bullshit! That goddamn snerd and her batshit mother ­ sa going to hell. SUE (rising) What'd she ever do to you, Chris? Or to any of us? Why do so much? CHRIS Hey, hey... tell me if I'm wrong, but who was that n ther the rest of us? SUE Me. (it comes out a pinched nerve) Me. But I stopped. CHRIS (dawning on her; getting it finally) Oh. Oh, aren't you just it? Oh, my, yes. (imitating; prissy) You stopped. Hey, Billee, she stopped.
23) 12) text: Sue is scared now ­ she hears it coming. There's no ques have already begun, and there's no stopping what's coming CHRIS (continuing) God, I'm dumb sometimes. Billee, hey, Billee, do you want Suze here didn't walk out?
23) 15) text: FEATURING Chris prominently ­ a bloodhound now sure of t CHRIS No. Wait. You stopped, remember? So just stop again. (uglier) Why didn't you walk out? Why didn't you walk out, Sue? SUE Okay, Chris. That's enough. CHRIS You didn't walk out, Sue... little Suze... little Suzy Cr because you didn't want to miss a moment of your precious
23) 16) text: Bulls-eye. Sue fights back the tears and fury, trembling dignity. SUE And you don't? CHRIS (not about to be put off) You're goddamn right, I don't. But we're on your case now (beat) I'll bet you've got your dress all picked out, too. What is it? Yellowguts?
23) 17) text: She's about to break, holding it in as best she can. Chri weakness, shuts it off, bottling up all the rage into he muster. CHRIS (continuing) Okay. (dismissively) See you around, Sue.
24) 0) text: Sue sits in the bleachers overlooking the field. She is p afternoon's confrontation with Chris. The track team is m the field clocking them and shouting orders). Tommy, in h the group and comes running up to Sue. TOMMY Hi! SUE I want to talk to you. TOMMY Sure, what's up?
27) 0) text: which belongs to the aforementioned BILLY NOLAN ­ a char stopped around the time he saw "Rebel" on television. He' cross swings around his neck. Right now, he's utterly amu turns to Chris who ignores him, still brooding over her a toke from a joint and hands it to her; she ignores that t applying makeup in the visor window. So Billy looks out h banter with a fellow cruiser idling beside them at the li out ­ an action with throws Chris backwards onto the sea CHRIS Goddamnit, Billy!
27) 1) text: He just laughs as he weaves through traffic. CHRIS (continuing) Slow down! (as he pays no heed) Slow down, you stupid shit! BILLY Scared, Chuckie? CHRIS No. You'll kill us, you stupid shit!
27) 2) text: Billy lazily slaps her, speeds up. BILLY Don't call me that. CHRIS Stupid shit.
27) 3) text: He slaps her again. CHRIS (continuing; under her breath) Stupid shit. BILLY (disgustedly) Oh wow!
29) 0) text: As Billy reaches over, very confidently, to draw Chris to She lets herself be kissed, then pulls away abruptly. He grabs at her, and she pulls away. BILLY What's wrong? CHRIS Can't you wait a minute? BILLY What for? CHRIS You're so ignorant. BILLY That's what you like. CHRIS
29) 2) text: No? I'll show you what you like, Chuckie. Grab. CHRIS
29) 4) text: Jesus. Grab. CHRIS
29) 6) text: ...How you... gonna... explain that... CHRIS
29) 9) text: Hell is this? CHRIS
29) 12) text: Yeah, what? CHRIS
29) 14) text: Something important? CHRIS
29) 15) text: It will be very important to me. It will make me feel ver if you do it. She moves closer to him. Her hand dips down out of FRAME. beginning to writhe; he moves in on her, but she holds hi CHRIS (continuing)
41) 3) text: Trennant just giggles inanely. Another long beat, then: DE LOIS (continuing) You sure Old Man Henty won't be around? CHRIS I told you. He's at a funeral.
41) 4) text: Trennant explodes into a fit of high-pitched laughter. BILLY Shut up, Henry. DE LOIS Whose funeral did he go to? BILLY His mother's. DE LOIS His mother's? Jesus Christ, she musta been older than God
41) 13) text: He hands the sledge hammer to Billy. Chris, chilled to the bone, rubs herself to keep warm. CHRIS Do it, Billy.
41) 14) text: Billy touches the ball of his thumb to the edge of the sl CHRIS (continuing) Do it quick.
44) 3) text: DOLLYING right behind them as they proceed toward the sta tables set up for the prom-goers, past the twin bandstand Chris the flashlight.
44) 8) dialog: unable to see him, suddenly feeling very alone. CHRIS
44) 12) text: Boo. CHRIS
44) 14) text: Nice talk. CHRIS
44) 16) text: Yes'um. Yes'um. Weeze doing the best we can. CHRIS
44) 18) text: Just keep your tits on and I'll let you pull it when the CHRIS
55) 19) text: I thought you said they'd win. CHRIS
55) 21) text: If you screwed up... CHRIS
59) 0) text: Where we get a sense of exactly what Chris meant by favor again completely wrecked Kenny Garson plus Norma bring ov exactly what one would call an honest ballot.
60) 23) text: Chris is frozen ­ immobilized, terrified.
61) 2) text: Chris shudders involuntarily at the mention of this nickn with both hands, yanking it. A sound ­ half-scream, half overlapping into:
68) 0) text: Chris screaming "Get her! Get her!" at the top of her lun wheel.
69) 0) text: Billy is livid, turning around to see Carrie in the back BILLY Goddamnit! CHRIS Billy!!! BILLY Shut up! Just shut up!