1) 0) text: 1. FILLING THE FRAME like a picture postcard. Modest, old spotless ­ a vision of small town normalcy and virtue. This is the home of MARGARET WHITE and her daughter CARRI to have been scrubbed from roof to porch; it is white. Ev have been washed and bleached. Antiseptic. We hear a woman's voice: MARGARET (o.s.) Carrie! Carrie
1) 27) text: And just at that moment, a figure appears in the second-s Although Stella and we really can't distinctly see throug MARGARET WHITE. The moment this big woman sees her daught out a bloodcurdling scream: MARGARET
1) 45) text: At this point, the hysteric babble reaches its crescendo; in this cacophony as Margaret rants at Carrie to go into as Carrie's frightened little voice proclaims that she fo suddenly the screaming stops and it's quiet ­ dead quiet
9) 3) text: Oh, Mrs. White. MARGARET
9) 5) text: Fine. MARGARET
9) 7) text: Fine. MARGARET
9) 10) text: Won't you come in, Mrs. White? MARGARET
9) 12) text: I think Carrie is in some of Sue's classes. MARGARET
9) 14) text: Perhaps some time Carrie might visit... MARGARET
9) 16) text: Yes, of course. Margaret is fishing tracts out of her bag. MARGARET
9) 18) text: I'm sure they will. MARGARET
9) 20) text: Well, I don't think Sue would be ­ MARGARET (cutting in)
9) 21) text: Children are godless these days, Mrs. Snell. Margaret's voice is almost toneless ­ now and throughout ELEANOR
9) 22) text: My Sue is a good girl. MARGARET
9) 27) text: Please sit down. Margaret doesn't sit, and Eleanor flees into the kitchen.
9) 29) text: Hello... Betty, can I call you back? Margaret White is he Right... right... Let me get rid of her and I'll call you She hangs up, opens a drawer, takes out some hidden house and drags herself back into the living room.
10) 0) text: Margaret is still where we left her. ELEANOR
10) 1) text: We'd like to contribute ten... (a look at Margaret)
10) 2) text: ...twenty dollars. MARGARET
10) 3) text: Thank you. I'll give you a receipt. Eleanor shifts from foot to foot while Margaret writes ou ELEANOR
10) 4) text: Thank you, Mrs. White. MARGARET
10) 17) text: Her heart pounding as we glimpse that look of terror we w now encased in the body of an adolescent. As she hears Margaret close the front door and call out h Carrie hastily stashes the magazine under the mattress. T the SOUNDS of Margaret in the kitchen, starting her daily And then the telephone RINGS ­ only to stop as Margaret Carrie dreaded ­ it's the school ­ and she stands by th Margaret's muffled voice. And then Margaret hangs up, and yelling but enunciation with a terrible clarity ­ she ca MARGARET'S VOICE
10) 24) dialog: Point one and some grim satisfaction. Yet she doesn't res from the stove. MARGARET (softly)
10) 26) text: Oh Momma, why didn't you tell me something? I was so scar Margaret walks over to the table and sits next to Carrie. opens the Bible and starts to read with one of those stra face: MARGARET
10) 27) text: `And God made Eve from the rib of Adam. And Eve was weak and loosed the raven on the world, and the raven was called Sin ­ ` She pushes the Bible at Carrie, her finger on the place. MARGARET
10) 29) text: Why didn't you tell me? Oh, Momma ­ MARGARET (overriding)
10) 31) text: I was so scared! And the other girls, they made fun of me and threw things and ­ Margaret's hand flashes out, backhanding Carrie into the sting of it bringing tears to her eyes.
10) 37) text: They threw things... MARGARET (overriding)
10) 41) text: You should have told me! Margaret clutches Carrie's wrist in a vise. MARGARET (heavenward)
10) 43) text: No! MARGARET
10) 45) text: No, Momma. MARGARET
10) 48) text: We will pray. We will pray, woman, we will pray to Jesus our woman-weak, wicked, sinning souls... She switches on the light, and there is Jesus on the wall ominous blue light. A vision of a wrathful God. Throughou desperately, but she's no match for her mother. MARGARET
13) 0) text: Margaret is at the sewing machine. She is either listenin Kathryn Kuhlman preaching on the radio, or instead, to an Tennessee Ernie Ford's "Let the Lower Lights Be Burning." providing a sense of lapsed time. Suddenly the treadle on the sewing machine depresses itse down; the bobbin whirs and jerks. Margaret turns around to see:
13) 2) dialog: A touch of fear in her eyes. But: MARGARET Go to bed.
14) 0) text: Carrie turns on a light. She undresses slowly, wearily. A herself in the mirror. A close, tired inspection. Her eye doesn't like what she sees; she doesn't like herself. Flex. Slowly cracks appear in the mirror, spiderwebs. Flex. The mirror cracks wider. And flex: the mirror shatters, crashes to the dresser in on the floor. MARGARET
14) 5) text: It's open, Momma. Margaret tries the knob again, and it is, indeed, open.
14) 8) text: Margaret peers around the room; she did hear a mirror bre is ­ whole again as her reflection in it testifies. Marg plastic glow-in-the-dark Madonna and child on the dresser MARGARET Go to bed.
31) 0) text: Margaret slowly opens the door to Carrie's room and enter Carrie is lying in bed, motionless, asleep. Margaret crosses the room quietly. She leans over the bed glow-in-the-dark statue ­ not in its usual place on the seems very innocent. MARGARET (low)
31) 1) text: Carrie, did you pray? No answer. Margaret bends over Carrie. And with surprising tendernes The she straightens up quickly, as though she has violate Carrie opens her eyes. She pulls a book out from under th Madonna-child figurine, it begins to glow brighter and br bright enough to read by now, and we leave Carrie expandi
37) 12) text: Sure you can. In the background ­ in the kitchen, perhaps ­ Margaret Carrie glances nervously behind her; then back at Tommy. CARRIE
37) 13) text: You better go. MARGARET'S VOICE
37) 25) text: I don't know. Maybe it's because you liked my poem. MARGARET (o.s.) Carietta!!!
40) 0) text: As Carrie and Margaret finish dinner. Silence ­ punctuat outside and occasional flashes of THUNDER and lightning. MARGARET You haven't touched your pie, Carrie. CARRIE It makes me have pimples, Momma. MARGARET Your pimples are the Lord's way of chastising you. CARRIE Momma? MARGARET Yes? CARRIE Momma, please see that I have to start to get... to try a get along with people. MARGARET Whatever are you going on about? Have you been showering with the other girls again? CARRIE I... I've been invited to the prom. MARGARET (a foreign language) Prom? CARRIE It's next Friday, and ­ MARGARET
40) 2) text: Momma, please see that I'm not like you. I'm funny, I mea the kids think I'm funny. I don't want to be. I want to t be a whole person before it's too late to ­ Margaret throws her cup of tea in Carrie's face. It's col herself in, she's going to be in charge this time. She ta CARRIE (continuing)
40) 3) text: His name is Tommy Ross, and he's a very nice boy. He's ­ MARGARET
40) 5) text: -- promised to stop in and meet you before, and ­ MARGARET (overlapping)
40) 7) text: -- have me in by midnight. I've ­ MARGARET (shaking her head now; uncontrollable)
40) 9) text: -- accepted. Pause. Margaret's shaking with fury, trembling. Carrie wipes the stringy wet hair from her forehead. CARRIE (continuing)
40) 10) text: I've accepted, Momma. I have accepted. MARGARET
40) 12) text: No. MARGARET
40) 14) text: Everyone isn't bad, Momma, everything isn't sinful. MARGARET
40) 16) text: You'll like this boy, he.... And Margaret at this word shifts gears and winds up ­ in MARGARET
40) 20) text: Please stop... MARGARET
40) 24) text: I've already said I would, Momma. MARGARET
40) 26) text: No. MARGARET
40) 27) text: We'll move from here and you'll never see that boy again. A gust of wind causes the window to blow open. Margaret g window. Carrie is silent, watching herself being shut out MARGARET (continuing)
40) 31) text: I'll get them. Please sit and talk to me. MARGARET
40) 32) text: No. Margaret continues toward the kitchen window to close it. Carrie knits her brow, and flex, the window closes. Margaret whips around, facing Carrie. CARRIE
40) 34) dialog: Witch!
40) 35) text: Flex. Another window. MARGARET (continuing) It's Satan's power. First he entered your father, carried CARRIE He ran away, Momma. Everyone knows that.
40) 36) text: Flex. A couple of windows. MARGARET The devil tempted him. CARRIE He ran away with a woman, Momma. MARGARET All men are the same. That boy, he's like all the rest, h
43) 0) text: Margaret sits beneath the plaster crucifix. The sampler, however, sits in her lap ­ unfinished, unmi "Amazing Grace" ­ a sweet, contemporary rendition ­ is Kathryn Kuhlman. Carrie sits at the sewing machine, finishing work on the removes the material from the sewing machine, which we no MARGARET Red. I might have known it would be red.
43) 1) text: The cuckoo clock is TICKING, TICKING. Carrie stares at Margaret, then turns the sewing machine then turns her attention to the machine, her eyes sparkli Courtesy of Carrie, the treadle on the machine depresses The needle starts to bob up and down, up and down, up and The side wheel spins. And then stops. CARRIE (softly) Only clearing the thread, Momma.
43) 2) text: She smiles. Then rises and goes to start up the stairs to Margaret looks after her. Hate. And fear. MARGARET (abruptly) It's Satan.
43) 4) text: Oh, momma. MARGARET
43) 6) text: Momma, it doesn't have anything to do with Satan. It's me I concentrate hard enough, I can make things move. MARGARET
43) 8) text: Momma, there are other people... people with the power... MARGARET
43) 10) text: If it were, I'd know it. MARGARET
43) 12) text: Momma, I'd know. MARGARET
43) 14) text: I'm going to do my homework, Momma. Another step up the stairs, stopping as Margaret hurls af MARGARET
45) 0) text: Carrie sits in front of that same mirror, but this time, different girl, which pleases her. She looks different, v dressed in her lush red crushed velvet prom dress, but th that we don't see it. In any case, it is not prim. She is well, there has been a transformation. In the background, the door is opened by Margaret. CARRIE
45) 1) text: Come in, Momma. Margaret advances into the room. Carrie opens a florist box and takes out a lovely corsage CARRIE
45) 2) text: Do you want to pin it on, Momma? MARGARET
45) 4) text: Breasts, Momma, breasts. Every woman has them. Carrie's voice is calm; nothing, not even Margaret, will scene ­ and all that follow for a considerable period of It's all been diffused a bit ­ a fairy tale through Carr looks acceptable; what looked good before now looks spect MARGARET
45) 6) text: No. MARGARET
45) 8) text: No, Momma. The Black Forest CUCKOO CLOCK sings out downstairs. It's MARGARET
45) 10) text: Stop it, Momma. I'm nervous enough. Margaret reaches up and pinches her cheek hard, leaving a Carrie. Carrie is pinning the tea roses on herself. Margaret hooks her right hand into a claw, rips at her ch CARRIE
45) 11) text: Stop hurting yourself, Momma. That's not going to stop me Margaret strikes herself in the mouth with her fist. CARRIE
45) 12) text: Go away, Momma. MARGARET
45) 14) text: No. It'll be okay. Bur she's rattled, and nervously starts moving around a s Cosmetics on the bureau, the florist box, the glow-in-the this point. It's after eight, and there's no sign of Tomm MARGARET
45) 16) text: No. MARGARET
45) 18) text: Momma, sit on the bed. Flex. Margaret is pushed back on the bed. Horrified, she rises MARGARET
45) 19) text: I'll say that you changed your mind, I'll say ­ Flex. Margaret is thrust back on the bed. MARGARET
45) 20) text: `Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.' The words stop. But Margaret's eyes are fixed on Carrie, voice is soft and compassionate. CARRIE
45) 24) text: I'll be home early, Momma. The BUZZER downstairs sounds again. MARGARET
46) 1) dialog: at the window of Carrie's room.
47) 0) text: Margaret leaves the window as we HEAR Tommy's car drive o She goes out of the room.
47) 1) dialog: Down the stairs, through the dining room, into the kitche trod, but trod so differently. While Carrie's pace had be Margaret's is slow and heavy.
48) 0) text: Margaret crosses to one of the drawers. She reaches in and takes out a long carving knife; it gle
57) 0) text: as Margaret, mumbling to herself, with the fixated attent a sliver of whetstone along the gleaming edge of the knif
75) 2) dialog: Coming toward her.
75) 4) text: And throws herself against her mother, holds her. A movem movement, hard to define. And Carrie recoils, her hands c Briefly we see the knife in Margaret's hand. Then Carrie tumbles down the stairs.
75) 6) dialog: Carrying the knife, she stares down the stairs.
75) 7) dialog: It says in the Lord's Book: `Thou shalt not suffer a witc
76) 0) text: Carrie crawls farther and farther from the door, until sh just as Margaret, the knife gleaming in her hand, pointed the stairs and turns toward the kitchen, mumbling all the Carrie flexes: the kitchen door swings shut. Margaret is coming toward the kitchen. Carrie flexes again ­ to hold the door shut. But it's no use ­ Margaret is relentless now, and the do starts toward Carrie, the door swinging behind her. MARGARET I should have killed you when you were born. CARRIE Momma, I love you. Please help me! MARGARET Sin never dies.
76) 1) text: There's nothing else to be done. Carrie flexes, and a ser the way ­ suddenly hurtles through the air, piercing Mar another as a rain of instruments strikes Margaret. Margaret collapses. Carrie, horrified by what she's done, starts toward her m And then she and we see Sue standing in the doorway, clas her screams. CARRIE You. You tricked me. SUE
83) 0) text: A home in the course of losing its family. White sheets c being packed. Eleanor Snell, looking incredibly tired, is attending to sorts through magazines and books, discarding some, putti comes across the religious tracts left behind by Margaret have a momentary hypnotic effect on her. The phone RINGS, startling her. She rushes to answer it i or second ring. ELEANOR (hushed voice) Hello? Oh, thank God it's you, Betty. I don't think I cou handled one more reporter. (she appears to hear a noise upstairs) Just a sec, dear. (she comes into the living room and looks toward the upst Sue? (a little louder) Sue? (no answer, she returns to the phone) Sorry, Betty, I just wanted to make sure the phone didn't We're all a bit edgy. (beat) Better. Sleeping too much, I guess, but Schneider says th expected after what she's gone through. He says she's you to forget it in time. Knock wood.