5) 12) text: Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up! Dime-sized drops are striking the tile floor at Carrie's SUE
5) 14) text: Clean yourself up! Carrie seems bewildered. SUE (furiously)
5) 17) text: Plug it up, plug it up, plug it up, plug it up.... We isolate Sue Snell at the moment she joins in the chant caught up in what can only be described as a fury. Carrie howls and begins to back away, howling louder and The door is flung open by Collins. COLLINS
5) 19) text: Get out! Get out! The girls retreat, Sue last. SUE
8) 0) text: Sue's mother. Out of a margarine commercial ­ a packaged mother, good wife. She is preparing dinner; in her line o glitters.
9) 9) text: Sue is... fine. An impasse. Finally Eleanor feels constrained to open the face, and: ELEANOR
9) 12) text: I think Carrie is in some of Sue's classes. MARGARET
9) 20) text: Well, I don't think Sue would be ­ MARGARET (cutting in)
9) 22) text: My Sue is a good girl. MARGARET
10) 7) text: That's Carrie White's mother... As Eleanor nods and closes the door. SUE (apprehensively)
10) 10) text: ...and I gave her a donation. Sue's face betrays relief, but Eleanor notices nothing. ELEANOR (brightly)
10) 11) text: Well, how was school today? SUE Today? Like always.
10) 12) text: HOLD ON Sue, staring at the tracts on the table (or perha leaves). A long beat, then:
12) 0) text: Sue and Tommy have finished making love in the back seat. clothes in order, silently, slowly. Then they climb into the front seat. Sue takes out a ciga dashboard lighter. They say nothing as Sue smokes for a f at her closely. TOMMY
12) 2) text: Hey, what's the matter? He puts his arm around her clumsily. SUE
12) 4) text: What did I do? SUE
12) 7) text: Did I...? SUE (blurting)
12) 9) text: Who? SUE
12) 11) text: Praying Carrie? SUE (sharply)
12) 15) dialog: Tommy, please... TOMMY (going on)
12) 18) text: Jesus! Sue has turned away from him. TOMMY
12) 20) text: Honey? SUE
12) 25) text: Jesus, Sue, what is it? SUE (trying to turn away)
12) 27) text: Told me what? SUE
12) 30) text: Hey, it was a joke, wasn't it? I mean, everyone was doing SUE
12) 32) text: You're special. SUE
12) 35) dialog: We were hurting her ­
12) 37) dialog: (vehemently) How would you like to be Carrie White?
12) 39) dialog: How would you like to be Carrie White? How would you like Carrie White instead of being Tommy Ross... big man, big
12) 41) dialog: I did something wrong and I feel bad about it.
12) 43) dialog: (interrupting) I've got to do something about it.
12) 45) dialog: I don't know yet. Apologize.
12) 48) text: What are you going to do? Kiss her, for God's sake? SUE
12) 50) text: What the hell do you want me to do? SUE
12) 52) text: Don't say that! SUE
12) 54) text: Cut it out! SUE
12) 55) text: Then help me! Tommy moves back from Sue. He is looking at her, trying t something, he doesn't want an argument, but... TOMMY
12) 56) text: Okay, what can I do? SUE
12) 61) text: What's there to think about? SUE
12) 66) text: You know what I mean? Sue glances toward him. Of course she knows. And he is be Tommy looks straight ahead again. He is starting to think TOMMY (almost under his breath)
15) 14) text: She walks down the line, stopping in front of Sue. COLLINS And what about you, Sue? Who's taking you? SUE Tommy Ross. COLLINS Right (beat; then) Okay. Now my idea for this little trick you pulled was th suspension and refusal of your prom tickets.
15) 16) text: Almost seeming o single Sue out as she continues ­ at le COLLINS That would hit you where you live, now, wouldn't it? And deserve it ­ I don't think any of you have any idea of j what you did was. The office has decided that you're to h week's detention.
22) 1) text: As she runs to position herself next to Sue. CHRIS She can't get away with this. I'm going to get her. That SUE Let it go, Chris.
22) 2) text: And Sue runs on, leaving Chris ­ red in the face, breath deliberately slows down and then just halts. COLLINS The period's not up, Hargensen. CHRIS It is for me. COLLINS There are ten minutes left. CHRIS Stick them up your ass.
22) 6) text: Featuring Chris and Sue SUE (lifeless) Shut up, Chris. Just shut up.
23) 0) text: The local after-school hangout. Clusters of students mill machines, a jukebox thumping "NO WHERE TO RUN" by Martha Sue is sitting, reading, alone in one of the booths as Ch clique, and spots her. CHRIS Hey, Sue! Just who I've been looking for!
23) 1) text: Sue looks up and tries to force her face into a smile. Ch her and thrusts her John F. Kennedy school yearbook acros involuntarily jerks away from out of nervousness. CHRIS (continuing) I wanted you to sign my yearbook. Hey, where's you old ma did he stand you up? SUE (busying herself with the yearbook) Still at practice CHRIS
23) 2) text: Well, I guess you've heard I'm out of the prom. I bet tha Morton loses his job, though. Daddy's suing them. Hey, Bi Come over and say hi to Sue. Sue slides the yearbook back across the table to Chris, w CHRIS (continuing)
23) 3) text: Hey, is that it? Just Sue Snell? Billy goons INTO FRAME next to Chris, glomming his arm ar
23) 6) text: Sure thing, Charlie. Chris playfully jabs him in the ribs. SUE
23) 8) text: Sure, why not? Hey, listen, I've got a good one. "Roses a violets are blue, sugar is sweet, but Carrie White eats s Billy, goon that he is, cracks up. Sue finds it not at all funny, but doesn't know exactly w SUE
23) 11) text: That goddamn Carrie! If only the rest of you had walked o Jesus, Sue, why didn't you? SUE I took the detention because I thought we ­ I ­ earned thing to have done. End of statement. CHRIS Bullshit! That goddamn snerd and her batshit mother ­ sa going to hell. SUE (rising) What'd she ever do to you, Chris? Or to any of us? Why do so much? CHRIS Hey, hey... tell me if I'm wrong, but who was that n ther the rest of us? SUE Me. (it comes out a pinched nerve) Me. But I stopped. CHRIS (dawning on her; getting it finally) Oh. Oh, aren't you just it? Oh, my, yes. (imitating; prissy) You stopped. Hey, Billee, she stopped.
23) 12) text: Sue is scared now ­ she hears it coming. There's no ques have already begun, and there's no stopping what's coming CHRIS (continuing) God, I'm dumb sometimes. Billee, hey, Billee, do you want Suze here didn't walk out?
23) 14) dialog: Seeing this; feeling it all about to lurch out of control falling out. SUE I'll see you around, Chris.
23) 15) text: FEATURING Chris prominently ­ a bloodhound now sure of t CHRIS No. Wait. You stopped, remember? So just stop again. (uglier) Why didn't you walk out? Why didn't you walk out, Sue? SUE Okay, Chris. That's enough. CHRIS You didn't walk out, Sue... little Suze... little Suzy Cr because you didn't want to miss a moment of your precious
23) 16) text: Bulls-eye. Sue fights back the tears and fury, trembling dignity. SUE And you don't? CHRIS (not about to be put off) You're goddamn right, I don't. But we're on your case now (beat) I'll bet you've got your dress all picked out, too. What is it? Yellowguts?
23) 17) text: She's about to break, holding it in as best she can. Chri weakness, shuts it off, bottling up all the rage into he muster. CHRIS (continuing) Okay. (dismissively) See you around, Sue.
23) 18) text: And that's it ­ shut up, shut down, shut out. Sue turns and starts to walk out of the Cavalier. In the focus, an incoherent babble of snickering and clucking la
24) 0) text: Sue sits in the bleachers overlooking the field. She is p afternoon's confrontation with Chris. The track team is m the field clocking them and shouting orders). Tommy, in h the group and comes running up to Sue. TOMMY Hi! SUE I want to talk to you. TOMMY Sure, what's up?
24) 1) text: To avoid the noise of the cheerleaders practicing down in sitting in the bleachers half watching their boyfriends a beckons Tommy to follow her away from the group behind th together we hear the following: SUE If I asked you to do something for me ­ something specia TOMMY (nodding) Uh-huh. SUE No matter how crazy it sounded? TOMMY Sure. What?
30) 0) text: Where the movie's SOUND continues uninterrupted for a bit between Tommy and Sue. They are sitting on a couch. The s reluctant: TOMMY
36) 0) text: Where Collins is grilling a very nervous Sue ­ just Sue COLLINS Who's brainstorm was this? (no response) What are you trying to do? SUE You've got it wrong. COLLINS I hope so. I wouldn't have expected this from you, Sue. N of it. Well? SUE What do you want to know? COLLINS Why Tommy asked her to the prom. (after a beat) Well? SUE (reluctant; able to go this far) I asked him to. COLLINS Why? SUE (swallowing) I asked him to. COLLINS But, in God's name, what for? What could you possibly hav in mind?
36) 1) text: Who's also in the office for this interrogation ­ ill at SUE
36) 3) text: A part of things? Oh, come on, Sue. None of us are that s neither is Carrie. SUE
36) 8) text: Just leave them on the desk. (to Sue)
36) 9) text: You understand, you can't come without a date? Sue understands perfectly well, but with Norma there, she Collins finally picks up on this: COLLINS (continuing)
36) 20) dialog: You can make her change her mind.
36) 24) dialog: It's not okay. (to Collins) You can't order anyone not to take someone to the prom.
36) 26) text: Silence. COLLINS (continuing) Tommy, when you come to the prom with Carrie White, don't think you'll look a little ridiculous? TOMMY Well... SUE We don't care how we look.
36) 27) text: Sue looks over at Tommy. SUE (continuing) Do we?
38) 0) text: SUE Why not? HELEN Why did you do it? God, everyone's talking.
38) 1) text: We PULL BACK to see the gym. The entire back wall has bee stars and planets ­ it seems the prom is to have a celes process of being hung with a great deal of crepe paper, m SUE
38) 3) text: Where does that put the rest of us? SUE
38) 5) text: And Tommy went along with it? SUE
38) 12) text: ...a small dissenting faction. SUE
38) 14) text: Susie, she hates your guts. Sue nods ­ she knew it, now she hears it.
52) 0) text: Sue Snell ­ unable to contain her curiosity about how al of her parents' cars, parks, and deliberates coming in. T glowing. While inside:
54) 0) text: as Sue ­ hardly in formal attire ­ stares through the s Carrie stared through earlier ­ she stares inside as:
59) 4) dialog: Going backstage, heading into the wings to watch:
60) 2) dialog: Peering out farther to get a good look. Unseen at first b FRAME.
60) 10) dialog: In the wings, watching this action. In the corner of the ­ the same one which Chris clutched beneath the stage ­ She traces its path with her eyes, seeing that it goes up
60) 19) text: And a hand comes into FRAME, clutching Sue's wrist. It be MORTON What're you doing here, young lady? SUE (trying to head for cord under stage) Something's wrong! ALL (o.s.) We'll raise your banner to the skyyyyh...
60) 20) text: But Morton has no interest in what Sue is trying to tell MORTON I'll say there is.
60) 21) text: From the throne, she sees Sue ­ and Morton and he pulls
60) 24) text: As Morton firmly pushes Sue out the rear gym door. The do
66) 0) text: As Carrie exits, the doors swinging shut. Behind her, thr fire collapse behind her. She passes Sue in the hall who's sobbing hysterically. An inferno of fire to find Tommy. And then the town WHISTLE overlaps onto:
76) 1) text: There's nothing else to be done. Carrie flexes, and a ser the way ­ suddenly hurtles through the air, piercing Mar another as a rain of instruments strikes Margaret. Margaret collapses. Carrie, horrified by what she's done, starts toward her m And then she and we see Sue standing in the doorway, clas her screams. CARRIE You. You tricked me. SUE
76) 3) text: Get out. SUE
76) 6) text: Get out! Get out! The stones are beginning to rain on the roof, like hail. Sue is rooted to the spot, terrified. CARRIE
77) 0) text: Stones are crashing on the house. Sue is hurtled out of the house.
79) 0) text: Sue, rising from the ground, see stones crashing into the She begins to run away.
81) 0) text: Sue stops running. She turns to look at the White house.
81) 2) dialog: Terror and disbelief. Nightmare.
83) 0) text: A home in the course of losing its family. White sheets c being packed. Eleanor Snell, looking incredibly tired, is attending to sorts through magazines and books, discarding some, putti comes across the religious tracts left behind by Margaret have a momentary hypnotic effect on her. The phone RINGS, startling her. She rushes to answer it i or second ring. ELEANOR (hushed voice) Hello? Oh, thank God it's you, Betty. I don't think I cou handled one more reporter. (she appears to hear a noise upstairs) Just a sec, dear. (she comes into the living room and looks toward the upst Sue? (a little louder) Sue? (no answer, she returns to the phone) Sorry, Betty, I just wanted to make sure the phone didn't We're all a bit edgy. (beat) Better. Sleeping too much, I guess, but Schneider says th expected after what she's gone through. He says she's you to forget it in time. Knock wood.
84) 5) dialog: as she kneels down, putting the wreath she's carrying nex to wipe off the red chalk with the palm of her hand; it s She stares at her hand, fixating on it, remembering Carri hand thrusts into frame, onto her nightgown. A bloody hand. A hand from the Earth itself. Carrie's hand It clutches a horrified Sue by the wrist. Tightly. A vice Sue begins screaming uncontrollably. The hand is trying t screams turn into howling.
84) 7) dialog: Still screaming. But now in her room, waking from what is Upright in bed, screaming her head off, her face covered Eleanor Snell rushes into the room to the bed, embraces h ELEANOR It's all right, it's all right, darling. SUE Mother?
84) 8) text: And we come in close on Sue's stricken face as her mother her. Closer still on Sue's eyes. She closes them, and we