4) 0) text: A great old wood paneled bar. JASON LERNER is about sixty three; an international lawyer, serious and somewhat guarded. His relationship with his daughter is civil, and terrible. CHLOE WEBBER, his new wife, is just two years older than Jenny. She is not a joke, which makes this mor painful. Of course she is lovely, but she is a serious person, too, not unlike his daughter.
4) 1) dialog: Here she is. Jenny... (CONTINUED )
4) 6) dialog: I missed you yesterday. It hurt me very much that you didn't come to the wedding.
4) 8) dialog: Jenny, you should open the present. Jenny opens it numbly. Two pearl earrings. She shakes her head, but not about this.
4) 11) dialog: Alright. I want to forget about yesterday, and I want to say how important it is to me that we're together now. But Jenny had finished her Martini in the first five word of the toast, and she's staring deep into herself.
4) 12) dialog: Are we going to have an evening or not? (CONTINUED )
4) 18) dialog: Jenny, I got married yesterday. (to Chloe) I'm sorry for the way my daughter is behaving.
8) 0) text: Jason and Chloe watch Jenny on TV.
14) 7) dialog: Thank you. Jason is looking at the TV, as the final logo sequence an music of the intro to a MSNBC SPECIAL REPORT... Then:
21) 0) text: Chloe gives Jason a look. I don't know about you, but I will survive.
27) 1) dialog: Jenny! Come with me. Jenny whips open his passenger door.
27) 2) dialog: Come with me.
27) 4) dialog: Jenny, get in the car. (CONTINUED )
27) 7) dialog: It wasn't my fault.
27) 9) dialog: She left to be with her parents, they're scared. She'll come back, I hope.
27) 11) dialog: No, no, I don't. Get in the car.
27) 14) dialog: Well. So. I'm sorry for you.
28) 9) dialog: I can't stay long, I'm leaving the city, but I wanted to show you something. I wanted to show you that you're not an orphan. I have proof that you're not an orphan. Look. He takes a few photographs out of his Jacket pocket. Thes are pictures of Jason and Jenny when Jenny was a baby. Th are pictures of Jenny and Jason on the beach, at a beach house. These are not snapshots, they're black and white, beautifully exposed and printed; a great camera, a good photographer.
28) 11) dialog: Behind the camera. (CONTINUED )
28) 16) dialog: Yes. She was an artist. You don't remember when they were taken?
28) 18) dialog: I don't know. Jenny is deeply moved by the pictures, but she can't show her father how much they mean to her.
28) 20) dialog: You'd have to ask your mother. We were alone on the beach. She would have been in the pictures, but there was no one else to hold the camera. It was a good day for all of us. (a beat while Jenny studies them) Goodbye, Jenny. And he turns, and walks away. And he's g
36) 0) text: Jenny arrives at the beach colony, with beautiful weather old ramshackle cottages behind fences on the dunes. She has the photographs that Jason gave her at MSNBC. She has found the cottage in the background. Ahead of her, through a break in the houses, a path to th sea. A dog barks. The birds wheel overhead. She walks to the sand. She takes off her shoes. She's carrying a bag and she flings it away. No more than a hundred or so people are on the beach, families, old people, children, and dogs. A little girl h a cockatiel in a birdcage. She lets it go. The bird flies away. There's a boy in a wheelchair. His parents set him on the sand, near the water's edge. Couples are kissing, families are hugging each other. A man alone plays frisbe with his black lab. (CONTINUED)
36) 3) dialog: Jenny...
36) 5) dialog: When you were a baby, I dropped you on your head.
36) 7) dialog: Thank you. I miss her, too. Jenny stares at her Father.
36) 8) dialog: I wish I could make up all that lost time for you.