0) 0) text: Lunch in a garden restaurant. JENNY LERNER 29, seated wit her mother ROBIN, 55. Robin has a slight air of bohemia; the women her age in the restaurant are dressed for busin she's more relaxed. She's also a lot more drunk. Jenny is lovingly concerned. Instead of looking at her daughter, though, Robin studies her watch.
0) 2) dialog: Emma and Susanna. Mother...
0) 4) dialog: Mom, is this really a good idea?
0) 6) dialog: Judge, it's not a church wedding, mother.
0) 8) dialog: Chloe, her name is Chloe.
0) 10) dialog: No... (CONTINUED )
0) 15) dialog: As of this moment, I now have a stepmother who is two years older than I am.
0) 17) dialog: When was the last time you slept with him?
0) 19) dialog: It'd be a lot of fun to get drunk with you, Mom, but...
0) 21) dialog: I'm sorry about this.
0) 23) dialog: I love you, too. She pays the bill in cash.
0) 27) dialog: No. Goodbye, Mom. And Jenny leaves. AT THE DOOR OF THE RESTAURANT: She goes to the Maitre d' and gives her a twenty.
0) 28) dialog: Call a cab for my mother, would you, Sue?
0) 33) dialog: Would you call every hospital between Washington and Baltimore to see if anyone has admitted a Holly Rittenhouse in the last few days? Where's Stuart?
0) 35) dialog: (this is important) Bob Campbell is leaving? (CONTINUED )
0) 39) dialog: And you told me...
0) 41) dialog: Don't forget the hospitals.
0) 56) dialog: She's not sick, she's a drunk.
0) 58) dialog: I had breakfast with Mike Woodward over at Treasury. (her notes) Mrs. Rittenhouse started drinking a couple of years ago when her husband had a series of affairs. Stepped it up last summer when their son died of leukemia. Word at Treasury is she's got liver damage, may even need a transplant. That shuts them up. Beth sneaks a smile back to Jenny.
0) 66) dialog: Not for you, for me. Beth stares at the younger, attractive Jenny. Smiles.
0) 71) dialog: Beth...
0) 84) dialog: I can do both, Stuart. That gets a smile and a head shake from Beth.
0) 88) dialog: Beth...
0) 90) dialog: Are you protecting me, or just holding me back?
0) 93) dialog: Stuart... He's on the move to his office, reading, barely looks up.
0) 94) dialog: Bob Campbell's Saturday slot is open. I hear he's leaving. I'd like to sub for him.
0) 96) dialog: I think I'm ready.
2) 0) text: A new face, SHEILA MARTIN, African-American, late-30's, a the anchor desk. We hear and see her live on the various monitors scattered throughout the room. Jenny and Bobby walk through the room.
2) 5) dialog: (The first good news of the year) I'll bet she's happy about that. They reach her desk. Where we find, ERIC VENNEKOR, twenties, handsome. He's made himself comfortable at her desk, watching cartoons. (CONTINUED )
2) 7) dialog: Who are you?
2) 9) dialog: Could you please get your feet off my desk. (she grabs her coat and the remote and changes the channel) Time to run. (to Bobby) You didn't happen to get Mrs...
2) 12) dialog: Good. Follow me. I'll take my car. After I see Ruiz we go to Rittenhouse's place and either surprise him or find out what the maid knows. You grab a couple of pretty shots of the house, and I'll let Beth tell me what the story is. 114A. 23 ON TV: SENATOR BOXER in the Capitol.
2) 26) dialog: He what?
2) 28) dialog: Do you have proof?
2) 30) dialog: Do you have a name? Ruiz balks. Her years of loyalty hard to shed.
2) 37) dialog: So you know her name?
2) 39) dialog: Just Ellie? Nothing else?
2) 42) dialog: Sorry for the man who cost you your job?
2) 46) dialog: Thank you.
3) 1) dialog: Hi.
3) 3) dialog: We're looking for your mom.
3) 5) dialog: I love boats. Looks like you're going on a long trip.
3) 7) dialog: That's exciting. Where are you going? ALAN RITTENHOUSE, a patrician in his fifties, comes out o the boat.
3) 11) dialog: Lily, what a pretty name. Jenny Lerner, MSNBC, Mr. Rittenhouse...
3) 14) dialog: We want to talk to you about your resignation.
3) 16) dialog: Sir, we can talk about your wife, or we can talk about Ellie.
3) 18) dialog: We know everything.
3) 20) dialog: We know about the secret phone line. The whispered calls to the President. A Secretary of the Treasury keeping his entire department in the dark about what he's really doing. A cover story about his resignation that's just been blown. You want me to keep going?
3) 22) dialog: That's what we do for a living. You keep secrets, we expose them. Democracy in action, sir. (CONTINUED )
3) 34) dialog: (figuring out the story, making notes) Okay, so... It's obvious. The Secretary of the Treasury resigns because of a mistress named Ellie. The President knows about this. But why... the people... the Secretary of the Treasury... the President... whoa... the President of the United States has a girlfriend named Ellie, and the Secretary of the Treasury is pretending to have an affair with her, and he resigns... and the President buys him a yacht? (she's got it, now she's pretending to be on air) MSNBC learned today that a shocking sex scandal has rocked the white House and the Treasury Department. In the still unfolding drama, sources within the Treasury Department have confirmed... BOOM! The recorder flies out of her hand and SMASHES against the window as her head WHIPS forward. She's been RAMMED from behind, looks in her rear view mirror.
3) 35) dialog: Son of a bitch. A dark domestic sedan, two men in the front seat. They RAM her again. She's not stupid, this is serious. She tries to speed up but the car ahead slows down. She tries to pass, but the car beside her won't move, its male passenger motions for her to pull over.
3) 36) dialog: Oh no... Shit... She pulls to the side of the road, the three escort cars surround her. A man in a grey suit opens her car door.
3) 38) dialog: Who the hell are you? FBI badges. He points inside the sedan. (CONTINUED )
3) 44) dialog: You guys wouldn't have a warrant or anything, would you? But nobody answers, nobody even looks at her as the convo pulls away and disappears into the heavy traffic.
3) 50) dialog: MSNBC... They know what I am working on... they expect from me and I think they should.
3) 52) dialog: And that was just the creation of the atom bomb.
3) 54) dialog: I'm a reporter.
3) 60) dialog: (fighting now to collapse in front of the man) At this moment Mr. President, I am not interested in using Ellie to further my career. When she says the word Ellie, the President studies her. He wants to speak to her as someone he can trust.
3) 62) dialog: I know you should have chosen a better cover story than a sick wife. Beck looks unhappily to Entrekin. (CONTINUED )
3) 67) dialog: There's no such thing as two weeks in the news business.
3) 69) dialog: I always thought the truth was in the nation's best interest. Beck and Entrekin look at each other.
3) 74) dialog: I want exclusivity. (CONTINUED )
3) 78) dialog: I want the first question.
3) 80) dialog: May I? May I have the first question?
3) 84) dialog: What does Paleontology have to do with anything? Next hit -- Department of Paleontology. A list of sub- headings: Invertebrate Paleontology, Vertebrate Paleontology, Oceanographic Prehistory, Hominid Paleontol (see Department of Anthropology), Extinction Studies. Tha stops her. She clicks on "Extinction Studies". Up comes a graphic with the dinosaurs and the comet, and the definition: E.L.E. -- Extinction Level Event. She clicks the hot word, "Extinction" and up comes: "The or fact of dying; death, decease, demise, dissolution, passing, quietus, rest." We're close on Jenny when we hea
3) 86) dialog: Hi. (CONTINUED )
3) 90) dialog: I... Uh... No sign of his wife, not yet, we're working on it. We'll get her.
3) 92) dialog: She's not available for comment.
3) 94) dialog: Yeah
3) 96) dialog: Great.
3) 98) dialog: Yes.
3) 100) dialog: I have to meet my Father.
4) 0) text: A great old wood paneled bar. JASON LERNER is about sixty three; an international lawyer, serious and somewhat guarded. His relationship with his daughter is civil, and terrible. CHLOE WEBBER, his new wife, is just two years older than Jenny. She is not a joke, which makes this mor painful. Of course she is lovely, but she is a serious person, too, not unlike his daughter.
4) 5) dialog: A big Martini, up, big.
4) 10) dialog: Happy. The drinks arrive. Jason lifts his glass. While Jason is talking, Jenny downs the Martini.
4) 17) dialog: Life goes on. (a beat) Dad, you have to get back with Mom. She's all alone in the world, and she needs you.
4) 20) dialog: I have to go. I'm not a bad person. I'm really not. I know you think I am and I don't hate you. I have to go. Jenny gets up and leaves. We stay with Jason and Chloe. She picks up the earrings. (CONTINUED )
5) 11) dialog: (trapped) No, I a... I was going to talk to you about this but...
6) 62) dialog: Jenny Lerner, MSNBC. Mr. President, why wasn't the announcement made sooner?
7) 0) text: Robin and her STAFF, putting their magazine together, watching Jenny on TV as she asks a question. Some look from Robin to the set and back, as she is comprehending that her daughter has just moved up in the world.
7) 1) dialog: Is there a connection between the comet and the recall of American troops from abroad? Beck's not happy with that question.
8) 0) text: Jason and Chloe watch Jenny on TV.
8) 1) dialog: Mr. President! Sir! One final question! Now they understand why she was behaving so strangely at the bar. 61
8) 6) dialog: MSNBC has learned that Secretary Rittenhouse did not leave for the reasons your administration announced. Isn't it true sir, that not everyone in your administration is convinced that the Messiah will save us? Beck gives Jenny a hard look.
11) 0) text: The President, Entrekin, aides, Leo, and the Biedermans, watch the Shuttle launch on TV. Jenny's on a stand-up in front of a large NASA wall mural.
11) 1) dialog: We're now only minutes away from the launch of the Shuttle Atlantis (MORE) (CONTINUED )
11) 7) dialog: and the beginning of the historic Messiah Mission...
11) 11) dialog: Tim, that's Flight Director Mitch Hefter, former Gemini and Apollo astronaut... Leo tries to concentrate on the TV but can't help staring at his surroundings, the Presidential Seal, the desk.
12) 2) dialog: I've been busy, and I haven't been paying attention to you.
12) 4) dialog: No!
12) 6) dialog: That's not fair! The news is good, the mission is going to succeed.
12) 8) dialog: I mean... but... the whole world is watching.
12) 14) dialog: Mother, listen to me! The comet is going to be turned away and everyone is going to be so relieved that they'll spend money like the world really is coming to an end.
13) 61) dialog: ...Stuart? What about me? People stop, is she finally going to get her comeuppance?
13) 63) dialog: I'm sorry but, the President...
13) 67) dialog: Thank you, Stuart.
14) 0) text: Jenny is walking across the studio with an ASSISTANT.
14) 2) dialog: Tell him I'm not here.
14) 8) dialog: Tonight we have the first pictures from the Messiah as it begins its descent to the comet Wolf- Biederman...
14) 66) dialog: What we're looking at now is...God, isn't that an amazing picture? They're setting the MOLEs in place now, and the MOLEs are, well, they're what they sound like. The MOLEs are drilling machines that burrow to a depth of one hundred meters, and then they wait to be detonated. Of course the MOLEs in your backyard don't carry 5,000 kiloton warheads. Although it feels like they do sometimes, doesn't it?
14) 84) dialog: What happens if they don't get off of the surface in time?
16) 5) dialog: This has been such an indescribable day, hasn't it? Where do you begin? The Messiah has lifted safely off the comet, and so we're cheering for that, but Gus Partenza is dead. (CONTINUED )
16) 7) dialog: He was...everyone who knew him loved him. Even more than that, they liked him. It's hard to report the news when you're torn between excitement and sadness. I can't even imagine how they feel on the Messiah.
16) 13) dialog: They're going to set off the bombs in thirteen minutes, well, less than thirteen now. (beat, she's reflecting) We're supposed to see a large increase in the comet's brightness as dust from the explosion is hit by the rays of the sun.
16) 15) dialog: (she's looking off camera) Do we know if that's going to be visible to the naked eye or only on telescopes? ... We don't know. We do? Oh... naked eye. You'll see the brightness. We will, we'll see it together.
16) 19) dialog: After the death of Dr. Gus Partenza and with Oren Monash injured, (MORE) (CONTINUED )
16) 22) dialog: Spurgeon Tanner is now in command of the mission.
16) 38) dialog: Now we're just waiting for the picture to come back. This is hard. Twenty seconds. Slowly, the view of the comet from the Messiah returns. The comet's surrounded with debris, breaking into two pieces, one five times larger than the other. A huge CHEE erupts, the staff CLAPS, CRIES, they hug each other. Beth holds her daughter Caitlin.
19) 3) dialog: Do we have the fax yet, Stuart? (Stuart shakes “no”) Worth and Ira reappear from the hall, running. Worth carries a sheet of paper overhead, rushes it to the ancho desk. Jenny reads it as the crowded studio waits, silent. JENNY (CONT’D) My God... Stuart, how old are you?
19) 8) dialog: We now have the details of the national lottery. (reads) Those of you who have been pre- selected for the Ark will be notified within the next few minutes...
19) 10) dialog: For the rest, on the night of May 14, those who's social security numbers have been randomly selected by computer will be notified. All phone systems will be turned off for 72 hours beginning on May 13th. The only phones that ring will be those of the people selected...
20) 1) dialog: While some Americans over fifty years of age have been pre-selected for the Ark due to their expertise in a necessary field of study, no men and women over fifty in the general population will be included in the lottery...
21) 1) dialog: The evacuation of those who have been selected for the Ark will take no longer than two days beginning on May 18th...
21) 4) dialog: During this two day period, no unofficial travel will be permitted. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
21) 7) dialog: Those selected will be taken by bus and train to the underground Ark site by military personnel... Ellen hangs up slowly, turns back to the room.
21) 12) dialog: You are being notified now because there is still time to construct your own shelters in basements and backyard pools. Civil Defense teams have been formed in every town and city in America with a population over five thousand. They will distribute supplies and organize group shelters in underground parking facilities and other appropriate sites. Construction plans, equipment lists and locations for securing the necessary provisions along with information on how to grow your own food underground and how to purify water are now available free of charge on the Internet at WwW. FEMA.Com. Jenny stops reading. It's silent. She sets the fax down slowly, looks directly into camera.
21) 13) dialog: That's all there is. 87F.
22) 0) text: Jenny walks with Robin.
22) 2) dialog: What are you going to do with all of the money you save?
22) 4) dialog: It doesn't seem fair that I got selected. I'm not a doctor, ora scientist.
22) 6) dialog: But I can't help you.
22) 11) dialog: (reflexive anger) No.
22) 13) dialog: why?
23) 5) dialog: (amazed at the stupidity of what Tim just said) "That certainly isn't good news?". What a genius.
23) 11) dialog: Morals? Eric where are you going...
23) 13) dialog: Eric, why don't you just ask?
23) 15) dialog: If the world is coming to an end, why not just have sex. S.
23) 22) dialog: Well, that's quite a long and twisted sentence you've got there.
23) 34) dialog: Nationally, authorities report that record numbers of Americans are taking their own lives, with more than twelve hundred suicides in the past twenty-four hours alone... (riot footage) It was another day of rioting for building supplies throughout the East. In Florida, a mob attacked and killed a Miami rental yard operator who was charging five thousand dollars an hour for backhoe and tractor rentals. Marines had to intervene to stop the violence... A big Deere combine plowing through green corn. Leo grabs the heavy bars going up over the bay window. He's startled by a big BOOM! Coming from a few doors down
23) 42) dialog: Farmers in the Midwest continue to harvest their crops prematurely, even though Department of Agriculture officials are now threatening to impound farmland found to have been harvested early... (a beat) In Arizona, the stand-off between Army Rangers and the Armageddon Doomsday Militiamen entered its fifth day...
23) 99) dialog: Confusion over Civil Defense food distribution erupted into riots again today in Denver, and a number of other cities across the country. Film of EMPTY PRISONS.
23) 100) dialog: Prison guards in California walked away from their jobs, and released prisoners on their way out. It's feared this trend will spread nationally. Ira stands in the hallway, looking through Stuart's offic window. Stuart's inside in a suit and tie, packing up a few mementos, that's it. Worth stops beside Ira, a beat. (CONTINUED )
23) 107) dialog: On the other side of the country, rioting continued for the second day at the Lorton Reformatory outside Washington, D.C. Prisoners there had heard of the inmate releases in California, and wanted to be set free as well.
24) 2) dialog: In Columbus, Ohio looters continue to set fire to abandoned stores. The fires have been left to burn since many firefighters are no longer reporting for work. CLOSET: Beautiful dresses. Robin's hand in frame takes out one dress, then another, then puts them back and take out a beautiful antique robe. ON A MAKE-UP TABLE: Make-up, lipstick, perfume. Robin's hand picks up the lipstick.
24) 3) dialog: Throughout Latin America's major cities, business districts have been abandoned to looting gangs. Military patrols have not succeeded in stopping the violence, and food and medical shortages in outlying areas have become critical. Emergency airlifts hate been ruled out as too dangerous.
25) 2) dialog: More street fighting in Moscow as food and fuel shortages continue. One observer at the U.S. Embassy describes the scene as pure anarchy. A group of Moscow officials chartered a helicopter to get out of the city, but when angry rioters heard about it they shot the chopper down. No one survived the crash. (CONTINUED )
25) 6) dialog: In Europe, rioting continues as the EEU general evacuation plan has fallen apart due to continuing disagreements among participants. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
25) 9) dialog: Meanwhile, because the national health services in many of these countries have stopped providing services, hospitals have become armed encampments to keep from being over-run by angry citizens. (a beat) Refugee camps, like this one near Syria, continue to form along national borders as nation after nation refuses passage to those seeking safer ground before the missile hits. The rings. Don has the ring. Parents are crying.
25) 11) dialog: The government in Mexico has outlawed the private use of gasoline and diesel fuel after a round of severe price-gouging. In Mexico City, residents are fleeing to higher ground on foot. Several thousand people were trampled when police tried to re-route the crowds from main streets leading out of the city.
25) 88) dialog: Here I am.
25) 90) dialog: (apprehensive) This is Jenny Lerner. (listens) Yes. Yes. Robin Lerner. Yes. My mother. Sixty-one. Yes... That was her address, yes... What time? Everyone is watching her. She's crying while she talks.
25) 91) dialog: I'll be right there. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. She hangs up the phone. Everyone in the room knows that something awful just happened. Jenny walks out. 104.
26) 3) dialog: That's it?
27) 3) dialog: You're too late, I already took care of it.
27) 8) dialog: I don't give a shit, go tell Chloe.
27) 10) dialog: You deserve it. You deserve to be alone! He gets out of his car.
27) 12) dialog: Don't you dare get out of that car. Jason reaches to her, but she pulls her hand away and the bag she is holding opens up, spilling jewelry. Jason gets out of the car, he chases the locket, but Jenny grabs it.
27) 13) dialog: Don't touch it! It's mine. Now he's soaking in the rain, too.
27) 15) dialog: I feel like an orphan. She gets in the cab and leaves Jason in the rain. (CONTINUED )
28) 0) text: Jenny is on the newsroom floor, talking to Worth.
28) 1) dialog: They're working completely by press release now. I don't feel like a reporter anymore.
28) 3) dialog: He hasn't taken my call in two weeks.
28) 5) dialog: Yeah?
28) 7) dialog: Excuse me. And she goes to him.
28) 8) dialog: Hello, Jason.
28) 10) dialog: Where's Mom?
28) 15) dialog: She took these pictures?
28) 17) dialog: I'm five years old here. How would I remember that?
28) 19) dialog: How come I never saw them?
28) 21) dialog: Goodbye. one. 234 235 110.
28) 74) dialog: Here's what you're looking at: all the Titans have hit their targets, but we still don't know if they've made a difference. Comets have to travel for awhile before the radar tracking stations can see if they have been pushed to a safe course that'll bypass the earth. So, one more time, we have to wait.
30) 34) dialog: Oh my God, Beth... What are you going to do?
31) 0) text: Jenny and Eric are running through the building. They have to cross the studio. Jenny runs to her desk.
31) 4) dialog: I have to get something. She grabs the envelope her Father gave her.
31) 6) dialog: (surprised) Beth!
31) 10) dialog: Caitlin. Come here. Caitlin comes to her. Jenny picks her up.
31) 13) dialog: Let' s go.
31) 15) dialog: Let's go. They all start running up the stairs together. 124B.
32) 3) dialog: You're taking Caitlin and you're taking my seat.
32) 5) dialog: Get inside! Beth rushes in.
32) 6) dialog: Caitlin, I love you. Jenny hands Caitlin to her mother. Eric is about to get on.
32) 10) dialog: I'm not going. Goodbye, Eric.
32) 18) dialog: Goodbye, Eric. Eric is holding Jenny's hand as the helicopter rises.
32) 20) dialog: Next time!
33) 0) text: We are looking east on the freeway, at the miles of cars, filling both sides of the road and all heading west. They are stopped, or moving at a mile an hour. We are on the westbound lanes, looking at the back of a sign over the freeway. We cross to the eastbound lane and a sign saying BEACHES... We continue across the highway and over the embankment to an access road, where one car heading towards the water. We find the driver: Jenny. (CONTINUED )
36) 0) text: Jenny arrives at the beach colony, with beautiful weather old ramshackle cottages behind fences on the dunes. She has the photographs that Jason gave her at MSNBC. She has found the cottage in the background. Ahead of her, through a break in the houses, a path to th sea. A dog barks. The birds wheel overhead. She walks to the sand. She takes off her shoes. She's carrying a bag and she flings it away. No more than a hundred or so people are on the beach, families, old people, children, and dogs. A little girl h a cockatiel in a birdcage. She lets it go. The bird flies away. There's a boy in a wheelchair. His parents set him on the sand, near the water's edge. Couples are kissing, families are hugging each other. A man alone plays frisbe with his black lab. (CONTINUED)
36) 4) dialog: When I was eleven, I stole money from your wallet.
36) 6) dialog: When you came to the studio, and you showed me the pictures, I lied when I told you that I didn't remember. I was so mad at you, because I remembered everything. I remember the day, it was a perfect happy day. We were right over here... We were all alone on the beach, and Mom was really upset because she'd left her tripod in the house. I'm here because I wanted you to know. They walk to the water's edge.
36) 9) dialog: (no irony, she means this) We have the rest of our lives. And then a terrible sound, not the wave, something else: The sky is filled with SQUAWKING sea birds flying inland, dense cloud of gulls, terns, and pelicans. Everyone on th beach begins to join hands in a line at the water's edge, gently, without the need to talk. The DOGS run away from them, away from the water. And then the sea before them is SUCKED away in a massive tide, exposing fish and an old wreck. Something foams on horizon. Here it comes. Imagine the Santa Monica mountain rolling toward you, faster than the speed of sound. (CONTINUED )
36) 12) dialog: Daddeeee! Father holds daughter. The sound is DEAFENING. And they'r gone.