0) 0) text: Lunch in a garden restaurant. JENNY LERNER 29, seated wit her mother ROBIN, 55. Robin has a slight air of bohemia; the women her age in the restaurant are dressed for busin she's more relaxed. She's also a lot more drunk. Jenny is lovingly concerned. Instead of looking at her daughter, though, Robin studies her watch.
0) 1) dialog: At this moment, right now, the pretty little girls, the twins, oh what are their names? His sister's grandchildren...
0) 3) dialog: They're walking down the aisle, spreading flowers, dropping the rose petals, everyone is smiling at them.
0) 5) dialog: Yes. And now she's walking down the aisle, and she stands beside him, and the priest...
0) 7) dialog: And the Judge says, blab blah blah, sickness and health, blah blab blah, do you, Jason Lerner, take Chlorine...
0) 9) dialog: Of course it is. And Jason is saying, lie lie lie lie lie, 'till death do us blah blah blah blah... And she says yes and he says yes and it's kissy kissy kissy and congratulations, Jenny... The weight of what is happening hits Jenny. She can't bel it.
0) 14) dialog: (you understand, don't you? ) That's right, the nuclear family just exploded.
0) 16) dialog: After fifteen years... Fifteen years, I can't believe how much it hurts me... Jenny, fifteen years, you'd think I'd have been past the pain, Jenny, it hurts me so much I'm embarrassed. Jenny studies her mother. She realizes something.
0) 18) dialog: That's none of your business. (after a considered moment) The hell with my deadline. Have a Martini. Jenny signals the Waiter for the bill. He brings it over.
0) 20) dialog: (you don't have to say it) I know, I know, I know.
0) 22) dialog: We'll get over it. I love you.
0) 24) dialog: Let me. (CONTINUED )
7) 0) text: Robin and her STAFF, putting their magazine together, watching Jenny on TV as she asks a question. Some look from Robin to the set and back, as she is comprehending that her daughter has just moved up in the world.
12) 1) dialog: Well, and what are you doing here?
12) 3) dialog: I've been busy, too. This is the last issue of the magazine...
12) 5) dialog: (lightly mocking Jenny's shock) Yes! The advertisers are calling, up and canceling. Why would anyone support a magazine devoted to old, expensive, beautiful things when all the attractive young women are on television spreading panic?
12) 7) dialog: I stopped watching the news. Does anything I do have any effect on anything that happens in space?
12) 9) dialog: The whole world minus one. For years I've always been a little ashamed of what I do, worrying all day about whether this piece of furniture is real or a fake, or whether that painting is better than this painting. No, now that no one has the time to buy antiques, old, beautiful things, it Means that I actually have a sacred purpose. It's like the Russians who saved the old palaces when the Germans were coming; they didn't have time to cart everything away, so they chopped out a bit of the floor and cut away a few feet of (MORE) (CONTINUED )
12) 13) dialog: curtain, and when the war was over they built everything back from the pieces. I'm saving the pieces now, keeping a record. If the comet does hit, and they want to know what the world looked like, they'll be looking at the work I'm doing today.
12) 15) dialog: That's pretty to think so. 83 56.
20) 0) text: Robin watches her daughter deliver the news on TV.
22) 0) text: Jenny walks with Robin.
22) 1) dialog: I have to say it's liberating knowing that I won't be called. I don't think I've ever been happier. I've even stopped smoking.
22) 3) dialog: Do you know that the National Gallery is saving all of the art? They're shipping it to the caves. I gave them the most beautiful eighteenth century desk from New England, and all of my Sheraton silver. I really felt like I'd protected something when I gave them to the museum. You should see my apartment now. After all these years collecting, there's nothing there now, it's practically Japanese.
22) 5) dialog: People need continuity. You're someone everyone knows. People trust you.
22) 7) dialog: Don't worry about me. I'm going to be happy as long as I know that you're going to live. Have you spoken to your father? (CONTINUED )
22) 12) dialog: The world he lives in is coming to an end, Jenny, you don't want him to die with bitterness in his heart. Talk to him.
22) 14) dialog: (the answer is coming) When your Father and I were young, I used to think of us as the perfectly matched pair: he was the most graceful man in the world, and he always said I was the most beautiful. But this is what the comet has taught me; that grace is deceptive, and beauty is passing. Don't leave all the unfinished stuff of your life to the comet. Don't let the comet take away your dignity. You're better than that. walking.