0) 0) text: strong...raw skin, callused, with hard scar tissue build- Knuckles raised and damaged...They unfold a scrap of alum foil with a red pill inside it: `YABA'...Southeast Asia's crack cocaine. Zippo sparks beneath the foil -- Huge inhale, fumes rise steam a glass Pyrex pipe. The Man chokes back, tries to hold the toke. He burps, sm spurting from his nostrils. Meet BILLY MOORE...mid-20's, rugged, handsome, intense. We HEAR THAI VOICES O.C., sharp tones. Billy moves to a w of rotted wood planks that divides the shack into two "rooms." He peers through a crack, SEES -- BILLY'S POV: a larger MUAY THAI BOXER in his 30's (ECKACH Barrel chest, crude. A TRAINER holds mitts as Eckachai sn HARD/LOUD COMBOS of knees/fists. It's intimidating as hel Billy stares through the cracks...Suddenly, a distant CRO ROARS. A thousand voices firing at once, and we --
6) 0) text: paces the room, anxiety rising, a caged beast...He pauses drops his shorts and cup guard, then grips his knees and takes several fast, deep breaths.... Billy...sopping sweat...yanks up his guard/shorts...His h are shaking as he wraps them in KNOTTED ROPE... We HEAR the SOUND of Eckachai leaving. Billy peeks outsid the shack, sees Eckachai and his Trainer walking away... Billy smokes more Yaba. Breathes it deep in his lungs. AND THE DOOR BANGS OPEN. Nindam enters -- Billy spins, qu hides his pipe and foil in a gym bag, just in time; Nindam says something in Thai, grabs a pair of BOXING GLO and helps Billy put them on. There's a feeling of urgency, that Billy is late. As Nindam ties and tapes the gloves, Billy is too high/am and avoids Nindam's gaze. After, both nod, bump fists.
8) 1) dialog: come out firing -- Explosive trades, bone-on-bone impact Through BILLY'S HEIGHTENED SENSES, we FEEL the visceral r Mid-round, Billy sees an opening and SMASHES a hook to Eckachai's jaw -- He hits the canvas hard -- Crowd ROARS Eckachai gets up -- Billy charges, a wild boar -- two fis savage attack to the head and body....Eckachai survives. THE BELL.
9) 0) text: sits. Papa and Nindam, as cornermen, go to work...but Bil HEART IS RACING, PULSE POUNDING, TOO FAST -- the drugs ha zapped his energy. As Billy inhales several sharp breaths strange RINGING fades in OVER the following... -- GAMBLERS' hands signals, the odds rising; -- MAMA watching, concerned; -- PAPA and NINDAM shouting instructions to Billy, but he can't hear them, only this shrill RINGING... -- ECKACHAI gets off his stool, revived and ready; AND THE BELL FOR ROUND TWO.
10) 0) text: storms out, tries to put Eckachai away -- Billy SWINGS HEAVILY, THUNDERING HAYMAKERS THAT MISS and MISS -- Nindam, screaming encouragement in Thai as -- Eckachai AVOIDS, then SLAMS an elbow into Billy's eye, ja and concussive -- Billy staggers, blinking, dazed... Eckachai unleashes a ROUNDHOUSE KICK and Billy's out on impact. BILLY'S HEAD bounces off the canvas -- eyes flash -- brai stem shocked. SENSES CONTORT...He tries to get up as the counts over him. Takes seconds, feels like hours. AS HIS SENSES RECONNECT ...Billy climbs to his feet -- but the R counts "Sip!" (ten) The fight's over. The crowd goes crazy, IMPOSSIBLE TO HEAR, as -- Billy protests to the Ref, who affirms in Thai. Billy doe understand. CORNERMEN pour in. Ref and Billy keep arguing. Nindam get between them -- Ref violently SHOVES Nindam away, and -- Billy reacts -- hair trigger fast -- HEADBUTTS Ref full i the face. Ref goes down. A nasty cut opens above Billy's as he KICKS/STOMPS the Ref with MANIC, UNCONTROLLABLE RAG BOUNCERS/OTHERS swarm over Billy, forcibly restraining hi from killing the Ref -- He tries fighting them too -- NOW PAPA FORCES IN -- grabs Billy hard around the neck, y him close, sees the drugs in his eyes...And Billy knows i Billy's POV, SEES: Nindam is crying. SEES: the Ref writhi the floor, blood oozing through cupped fingers. SEES: the roaring. All of it, a disaster.
13) 0) text: are in a stall. The Australians stare at Billy's bruises bloodied bandage...as he counts out two packets of 100 Ya wrapped in cling film. Australians hand Billy cash. Billy counts, pockets it. Gi them the pills. Then Australians #1/#2 watch as Billy cooks up a hit of Y Foil -- lighter -- smoke -- suck... a
14) 0) text: looks around for Nina. He finds her in a corner chatting other girls. THE MUSIC DEAFENING NOW -- We cannot hear wh being said as... Billy heads over. Nina sees his condition and stands up. Billy tries to talk to her. Nina rejects him. Billy takes her by the arm and pulls her close. Nina catches the desperate pain in Billy's eyes, and look him, gravely. Billy lets Nina go. She hurries off --
15) 0) text: sits in a chair, nude, his back to us. Billy is, by now, paralytic. Mouth open, head tilted back like a corpse...The strange and dull THUMPING builds, lik muted heart beat... boom... boom... boom...
15) 1) text: Billy mumbles, incoherent. Eyes rolled back, the drugs cocooning him in a blissful isolation from all else. The thumping, louder now... Boom... Boom...
15) 2) text: Billy's eyes start to flutter. Tries to open them: can't. Suddenly, loud/startling...
16) 0) text: is dazed, his cut reopen, bleeds down his face and t-shir the Cops walk him downstairs in handcuffs... They slow for a moment, passing the reception desk...wher MANAGER sits, staring at Billy in horror. Billy looks away in shame. They force him outside to...
17) 0) text: ...a waiting POLICE PICKUP TRUCK. Billy is shoved in the of the truck, like an animal. And as they drive away, the first streaks of dawn light the horizon over Bangkok...
18) 0) text: We slam in mid-scene. Billy -- sweating, nervous, hands cuffed behind his back, sitting in this room -- as five T COPS are all SCREAMING in Thai at Billy. All the weapons and phones from his apartment are spread across a desk, along with his passport...Billy is terrifi doesn't know what's being said.
18) 2) text: You sign, na! Cop #1 roughly uncuffs Billy, shoves a pen in his hand. BILLY
18) 10) text: (re: the weapons + phones) You steal, na. BILLY
18) 12) text: Drug dealer. BILLY
18) 14) text: --Yaba: Death for you. BILLY
18) 17) text: For the weapons and phones. BILLY (can barely speak)
18) 19) text: They no help you. First Officer picks up the knuckle duster again; Billy signs.
19) 0) text: is shoved inside by Cops. The cell is small, dark and fou filled with 30 or so other sweating bodies. Billy paces intensely, anxiety in his eyes. He waits for Cops to vanish down a hall. THEN... ...Billy turns around and VOMITS. Yaba packets hit the floor, plastic burned by intestinal acid. Billy drops to his knees, anxiously digs through ch and fluid to find the Yaba pills. A few others in the cell take notice: ADDICTS, sweating, scratching...They hungrily move toward him... Billy quickly starts to eat the pills. He looks up, sees the Addicts standing over him. Threaten tension hangs. Billy moves back. The Addicts swoop in, devouring the res his pills like wolves.
20) 0) text: Gates open, revealing the compound...High concrete walls barbed electric fences. Looming guard towers at intervals The bus lurches forward, rumbling through the gates...GUA approach with SHOTGUNS and CATTLE PRODS. The door jerks o prisoners disembark, all in CHAINS, Billy among them... He gazes around, swallowed by the prison.
21) 0) text: are herded in. It's dim, narrow. Guards unlock the shackl chains drop, rattling to the floor...Guards bark orders i Thai and the prisoners shed their clothes, lining up for cursory exams -- mouth, ears, feet, balls, armpits, ass.. Billy watches, repulsed, as a SKINNY GUARD wearing a late glove, uses the same finger for each exam, without steril Suddenly a muffled THAI RING-TONE plays from somewhere. I RINGS, RINGS and RINGS... Guards look around. Prisoners/Billy are still. NO ONE MOV The ring-tone keep playing. Then, Skinny Guard looks at a naked Thai (NOK, 20) and or him to step forward. He squats, coughs...and a CELL PHONE drops out. The name of the incoming caller: "Mom" (in Thai) Cued by Skinny Guard's look, a BULL GUARD lashes out, BAT across Nok's jaw, splaying it open. He goes down in a hea gash gushing red, defenseless. Billy stares in shock as Bull Guard hails a series of blo baton beating Nok hard...The room goes DEAD SILENT. Bull Guard walks away, leaving Nok a motionless pulp... Skinny Guard says something in Thai...Billy steps up. Mouth, ears, feet, balls, armpits, ass -- demeaning.
22) 0) text: is seated on the floor...He's dopesick, scared, and looks Other Thais sit with him, cross-legged, not looking up. NOW: OFFICER PI SIT steps in, lowering his head to get th the door. Chief of guards. 50, large, imposing. Without a doubt, the man in charge. He motions Billy to stand. Bill does, staring dead ahead, nervous, shaking...not meeting Officer Pi Sit's stare. OFFICER PI SIT
22) 1) text: Chi yeng yeng... (keep cool heart.) Officer Pi Sit taps Billy's chest lightly. And again: OFFICER PI SIT
22) 2) text: Chi yeng yeng... (keep cool heart.) BILLY
22) 4) text: Wi... Will-iam...William... BILLY
22) 7) text: Age? BILLY
22) 9) text: Faith? BILLY
22) 14) text: You have family? BILLY
22) 16) text: Anyone to send you money? BILLY
22) 18) text: Have criminal record? BILLY
22) 20) text: How long in Thailand? BILLY
22) 22) text: (re: the sentence) Now, could be ten years. Billy's dead silent. OFFICER PI SIT
22) 23) text: Have job in Thailand, Will-iam Moore? BILLY
22) 24) text: ...I teach English part-time. But I'm a boxer... Officer Pi Sit looks at Billy: eyes red, nose drips, drie blood caked on his t-shirt and face. OFFICER PI SIT
22) 25) text: Professional? BILLY
23) 0) text: A visage rises up from behind it: Burmese, 30's, hawk-lik features...Meet ELYIAS. Dressed in a clean blue-T/blue sh ID around his neck on a silver chain. Elyias is a `Truste As he photos a sickly Billy, Elyias sees old track marks between Billy's scarred knuckles. ELYIAS
23) 1) text: Can make pain go `way... BILLY
23) 3) text: Me name Elyias. You sick, yes? Billy nods, in great pain... ...Elyias reaches into the seam of his shorts, pulls out small object and discreetly slips it into Billy's hand: 5 of white powder sealed in a 1/4 straw, burned at both end ELYIAS
23) 4) text: Heroin. Good medicine. Billy hesitates. Then he quickly bites the top off the st snorts the heroin, and --
25) 0) text: It's jam packed with over 70 THAI PRISONERS on threadbare blankets, inches apart...Their clothes tattered, some wit blood-stained bandages, some in shackles. The chattering loud, incessant. Stench, unbearable. Flies and mosquitoes ...Like a mass grave. Billy enters, nervous...The cell becomes VERY quiet. Guar barks something in Thai and forces Billy along. He tries keep a brave face as all the prisoners STARE at him... Seated on a blanket is TIFFANY, a Lady-boy in his 20's, l hair, unshaven, scabbed lips, fake tits, penis bulging un loosened shorts, and a t-shirt w/slogan: "NO MONEY, NO HO Nearby: A BODY lies on a damp, stained mattress. Insects on open wounds. A shirt covers his face. Guard #2 points Billy to the hard cement floor, between Tiffany and the corpse. BILLY
25) 1) text: I'll sit somewhere else. Guard #2 shouts in Thai. BILLY
25) 3) text: I'll sit over there. Guard #2 shouts louder now. BILLY
25) 4) text: --Are you off your fuckin' nut? He's dead. Guard #2 throws Billy down hard to the floor, walks away.
25) 6) text: (re: the dead body) No worry. Tomorrow he go. Many, many happy. Billy tries to get situated, inches from the corpse. TIFFANY
25) 7) text: Me name Tiffany. Billy just glares: it's deadly. TIFFANY
25) 8) text: Relax. I no like farang. Cock too big. Tiffany looks Billy over. TIFFANY
25) 9) text: You got nice eyes. BILLY
25) 11) text: You like smokey? Billy hesitates, then snatches the cigarette. Tiffany smi lights it for him. Billy takes a long, deep drag...An awkward beat: BILLY
25) 13) text: I speak nit-noy. I speak a little bit. A naked Indian Prisoner with an orange turban runs past, screaming: "I HAVE GOD POWER! I HAVE GOD POWER!" BILLY
25) 16) text: Who knows? Just die, maybe two hour. You want his bed? All yours. BILLY (fuck no)
25) 20) text: Sleep now, no more talk... Billy lies back, staring miserably up at the lights that stay on all night...He then sees a SECURITY CAMERA pan/zo onto him...Ceiling fans RATTLE and WHIR. Thousands of ins BUZZ in the air...Louder, LOUDER, VIOLENT CRESCENDO, THEN Billy shuts his eyes.
26) 0) text: and prisoners sit in rows for head count. Each shout a nu in Thai, Neung, Song, Sam, etc...It STOPS on Billy; Guard #1 looks up from his clipboard, SHOUTS THAI at Bill Billy doesn't understand.   All eyes on him. GUARD #1 (angrier)
26) 4) text: In Thai! BILLY
26) 6) text: Hok! BILLY
26) 8) text: Hok!! BILLY
26) 9) text: Hok!! Count resumes: others shout. Guard #1 writes it down. Billy watches as two TRUSTEES enter to remove the corpse, black with rigor mortis. Billy quickly snatches the corps blanket, as they carry him away. Prisoners roll up their blankets. Billy does the same. 41   TIMECUT. Water begins pumping from a black pipe and a plastic barrel. Billy watches as other PRISONERS quickl grab large, plastic lemonade bottles from a pile in the corner and fill them up with water. Billy, still sitting there, hears someone giggle...He loo over to see a mentally retarded Thai inmate, filthy, in m flip-flops, (NOI, 19) watching him...Laughing. Noi is the only other prisoner not trying to get water. Now, Billy gets up and hurries in to get water. It's rowd chaotic: NUMEROUS PRISONERS all yelling in Thai, forcing their way in to fill up their bottles. Billy gestures/talks. No one understands him. Billy finally manages to fill up three bottles for himsel
27) 0) text: in line among prisoners. Billy struggles to hold/carry hi bottles of water. One is leaking. He tries to cover the h Two THAI PRISONERS in their underwear, leaving the trough bump into Billy...and he drops all his water.
28) 0) text: and prisoners are fed breakfast. Rice and soup (fish skel with only the head attached). Billy forces it down.
31) 1) text: Yoo-hoo, farang! (off Billy's look)
31) 2) text: You want fuck arse me? The Unshaven Lady-Boy lifts up her top to show giant, fak breasts. Billy ignores. Billy notices a few Westerners together: Australian and A They look at Billy...Billy stares them down. Then; BILLY'S POV -- across the yard...Amidst it all, he spots he's been looking for: Elyias.
32) 1) dialog: is alone, motionless and drugged. WE SEE what/how HE SEES The nude INDIAN PRISONER in the turban runs past, yelling
33) 0) text: lies awake, depressed. Fluorescents blaze, humidity hangs He looks around at the other prisoners, inches apart. BILLY'S POV: Some are asleep. Most in bad health: open so diseases. Tiffany snores beside him. One prisoner mumbles himself, incoherent. Another cries quietly, his foot badl infected with gangrene. A third prisoner makes a crude we out of a SPOON. An OLDER PRISONER sits on the toilet step whistle around his neck, on suicide watch. He just stares Billy, saying nothing... ON BILLY. ALONE. In the distance, faintly rising, we hear atonal CHANTING. Islamic call to prayer. It drones, hypnotic, a hundred vo bypassing the prison walls... "Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akba, Ash-hadu anla ilaha illah All on and on. Billy rises, drapes a wet rag over his head, then moves t the bars and listens...
34) 0) text: do morning head-count for Guard #2. When the count reache Billy, he yells "Nok!" and the count keeps going...
35) 0) text: sits on his blanket. Sweating, nauseous. Leg bouncing rap The itch to get high...Tries to fight it. He looks at the nail on his thumb. Starts to bite it. He begins to tear it off with his teeth. He rips it completely off and spits it on the floor. His thumb is torn and bleeding. Billy just stares at it.
36) 0) text: sparks, a yaba pill boils...and Billy inhales full blast. Trustee's #1 + #2 keep watch. Then, Elyias: ELYIAS
36) 1) text: Yaba...Tiger. Horse. More you use, more you need... Billy, in some otherworldy place. BILLY
36) 3) text: Now time, you pay me. BILLY (slow, high)
36) 7) text: Muslims. Bad for business... You, boxer-- Boom boom them. Elyias pounds a fist into his hand. BILLY
36) 9) text: Then me sell your debt to supplier: "the Samurai." Billy follows his gaze to a gang of SIX THAI in a nearby section of the yard. Predatory, junkie-thin, full tattooe The leader, KENG, face tattooed, holds court.
36) 11) text: HIV, AIDS, all them... (off Billy's look)
36) 12) text: Syringes are swords. Buy drugs and you no pay? Give AIDS to you... Hidden by the rest, A YOUNG SAMURAI sits in the dirt...a skeletal structure tattooed on his hands. He uses a stran CROOKED KNIFE to deeply carve/scar his own arms. He looks at Billy. Eyes meet. Billy looks away. ELYIAS
36) 13) text: Choice yours. As Billy stands there, on the edge of a precipice....
37) 1) dialog: stands there. STARK STILL. A pain in his eyes: self hatre remorse. Then, his rapid breathing induces a RAGE, RISING The Muslims furrow their brows. A split-second heartbeat...just one; AND BILLY ATTACKS. MANIACAL VIOLENCE. So fast, so shockin brutal it's hard to watch. Malaysian music blares, drowni out the Muslims' screams. Billy destroys them both...till Muslims lie there, barely breathing, bloody, crippled pul
38) 4) text: Hel-- Hel-- I, I need-- Billy, scared, lost-- rears up, SCREAMING--- BILLY
39) 0) text: lies still and bandaged in a bed. Other patients in beds: AIDS-ridden, organs failing, runaway sepsis. One can't st shaking. We're in Death's waiting room. Billy just lies there. Grave emotion. He quietly breaks d ...then wipes the tears away.
40) 0) text: is walked by two Guards past the ENTIRE INMATE POPULATION (500), gathered in the yard for head-count. All eyes on Billy. Humiliated. Officer Pi Sit watches from a distant balcony as the Guar lead Billy toward a tiny cell, built beneath the prison staircase -- And that is...
41) 0) text: No bed or   sink. Just a bucket for a toilet. Paint peels scabs off   the ceiling, only three-feet high. Porno mag are stuck   to a wall, among dozens of markings from prev prisoners   counting down days. Billy grips the bars, on his knees, staring across the ya THE WHISTLE BLOWS and all prisoners return to their cells Officer Pi Sit returns to his office. WE HOLD ON BILLY for the longest time...alone with the em courtyard. Only a large BUDDHA STATUE remains; incense an candles burning, it's solemn face staring at Billy. Billy staring back. And as the sun starts to dip...In the distance, two GUARD exit a cell, followed by a group of MEN...well built, ful tattooed, shackled and chained...GYM BAGS in hand and BOX GLOVES tied around their shoulders. The Boxers and Guards past, not looking at Billy... Billy watches them go. Forlorn. Numb.
42) 0) text: Days have passed. Billy -- bearded, filthy -- and three T INMATES are led down a corridor.
43) 2) text: Okay, farang. You sleep here. Billy sits. KIAW
43) 3) text: I am Kiaw. BILLY
43) 4) text: Billy. KIAW (smiles)
43) 5) text: Me hear of you... BILLY
43) 7) text: That you crazy foreigner. Farang, ba. I like that. Kiaw friend to you... SUDDEN COMMOTION. EVERYONE TALKING. Billy looks up to see three Thai Inmates he came in with are clutching the cell bars as Samurai take turns kicking them from behind. KIAW
43) 8) text: Initiation...not for Westerner. When it's over, the three Thais celebrate. Samurai embrac them. Billy watches, feeling oddly rejected.
45) 1) dialog: watches, nervous and horrified as Kiaw builds a "syringe" taking apart a Bic pen, then using a lighter to burn/melt end of the stem around a needle; As Kiaw breaks open a straw of heroin and mixes it with w in a bottle cap... Kiaw sucks the heroin mix up through the "syringe," then forces the needle into his vein, and blows the heroin in; Billy is shocked. KIAW
45) 2) text: Now you. BILLY
45) 4) text: Best high like this. Billy, ill at ease, contemplates, then.... ....we HEAR a distant chorus of SOUND, IN THE DISTANCE: rhythmic POUNDING, chains JANGLING, ropes WHIRRING... It gets Billy's attention...he's unsure what it is;
46) 0) text: as he starts thru the yard...He moves through the chaos, saying a word... The SOUNDS get louder as we get closer, Billy following i drawn to it, now arriving at...
46) 5) text: --I'm sorry...sorry, I didn't-- The Man (NAN, 40's) keeps shouting/driving Billy out -- BILLY
48) 0) text: line up to a medical hatch, where TRUSTEE #3 hands out li cups of pills, with little cups of water. Other TRUSTEES Billy, among the queue, ill, says to anyone in line -- BILLY
48) 1) text: What're they knocking out up there? In front of Billy, an enormous NIGERIAN INMATE answers -- NIGERIAN
48) 2) text: Tramadol. Good for pain. BILLY
48) 4) text: Not like Dilaudid or Roxinol. But good enough. BILLY (slight laugh)
48) 5) text: I'm Billy Moore. What's your name? NIGERIAN
48) 6) text: Black Dildo. BILLY
48) 8) text: God name me this. I am Black Dildo. BILLY
48) 9) text: Well you know your painkillers, Black Dildo. How much they charging for it? Black Dildo regards Billy. He doesn't look well. BLACK DILDO
48) 10) text: Free to all. Help get prisoners clean. Billy nods;
48) 13) text: You pay. BILLY
48) 15) text: You, farang. Pay five pack cigarette. BILLY
48) 17) text: Come back tomorrow. You no want trouble here. BILLY
48) 18) text: No, no. It's alright, Dildo. I got this... The situation is now very dangerous. Billy, a volcano of violence, is about to erupt. BILLY
48) 19) text: Now look, you lil' fuckin' cunt-- There's people waitin' here...I don't want no trouble, so play fuckin' nice and give me my pills. Trustee #4 shouts something in Thai. BILLY
48) 21) text: No pill for you! BILLY
48) 24) text: --He say you go now! Billy, rattlesnake strike, grabs Trustee #3's head and sl it into the wall -- plaster splits -- startling us. Billy snaps a hard right-left across #3's snout, blood sprays. And all hell breaks loose. Prisoners yell and scatter. Trustee #3 screams, cups his nose, gushing. Trustee #4 and another, #5, grapple with B BILLY
48) 27) text: Three on one, shitbags! Black Dildo grabs Billy and restrains him in a rear/jaw headlock. BLACK DILDO
48) 29) text: Okay! Alright, Dildo. I'm calm. I'm calmed down. The Trustees w/batons look at the Trustees that are injur They see the blood, then the bite marks. Trustee #6 turns to Billy and grins. TRUSTEE #6
49) 0) text: it slams open. Two TRUSTEES throw Billy on his face, like sack of raw meat. Trustees go back inside... Billy rolls to his back, leaving a blood mask on the grou Billy lies there...bloody and swollen. Eyes, purple slits The sun beating down on him, flies nipping at him, barely able to breathe... Then, a YOUNG WOMAN approaches, blocking out the sun. Ear 20's. A paige-boy hair cut. We see her in SILHOUETTE... BILLY (barely a whisper)
49) 1) text: ...help me... The Woman gently dabs Billy's wounds with a wet rag, clea the blood. When she leans closer, her FACE comes into lig Her name is JOM. And she's a man...in bright red lipstick. JOM
49) 2) text: You okay? Billy isn't. JOM
49) 3) text: Face look very bad. Billy blinks. JOM
49) 4) text: No worry now. Me name Jom. I help you. Jom sits Billy up, continuing to nurse him. After a momen she helps Billy get to his feet. Billy holds onto Jom for support...step-by-painful-step, slowly making their way toward a looming ADMIN. BUILDING the center of this fenced-in compound. Suddenly GUARDS #1 and #2 arrive, and shout at Jom in Tha Jom shouts back. Arguing ensues. She's protecting Billy.
50) 2) text: Why are you so fucked up? Billy says nothing, inwardly tense. OFFICER PI SIT
50) 3) text: Disappoint me, William Moore. Fight like mad dog, no good. Must be same- same like Buddha. Billy is silent. Officer Pi Sit slowly circles him... OFFICER PI SIT
50) 4) text: You say you are "boxer." BILLY (defiant)
50) 6) text: Why you need drugs? BILLY
50) 7) text: Who said I "need" it? Pi Sit stops. Stares. Cold. Billy stands there. All his failures, like shrapnel, movi through his heart...
50) 10) text: When I use, I don't hear it. Pi Sit looks at Billy: sees the hard miles in his eyes. T pain in his voice. OFFICER PI SIT
50) 11) text: If you want fight, you should fight in the ring. But you must deserve it. Billy is silent; OFFICER PI SIT
50) 12) text: Behave, William Moore. Chi yeng yeng...and maybe real fighters can teach you something. BILLY
51) 0) text: waits alone, chained and shackled, seated against a wall. the b.g., two LADY-BOYS (MAY and CHAR) give massages to a pair of Guards on a shaded veranda of the Admin. buiding. Now, Jom approaches Billy... JOM
51) 1) text: So you like fight? Billy is quiet, morose. JOM
51) 2) text: -- Officer Pi Sit, good man. He protect us. (leans in close to Billy)
51) 3) text: And now, he try and protect you... Billy is silent. He touches his lip: it still bleeds. JOM
51) 6) text: Four thousand man want boom boom me...'cause I have pussy. Am real girl... A BEAT. Billy just stares at her, unsure what to say. JOM
51) 8) text: I had boyfriend, say he love me. Then he lie and cheat, and I slit his throat when he beat me. Billy is silent. JOM (smiles)
51) 9) text: Do you have girlfriend in prison? Just then, two Trustees arrive to escort Billy from the compound. He struggles to rise, chains rattling...glancin back once at Jom as he leaves...
52) 0) text: walks with great difficulty through the yard, flanked by Trustees. The iron cuffs cutting into Billy's ankles...st by step... A few Samurai hang around...Billy keeps walking.
53) 0) text: face to face, both high, smoking heroin, lying under blan to avoid being seen by Guards. The effects of the drug hit Billy hard. He crawls out of blanket amidst a plume of SMOKE. Slumps back against a wa sweating, heart pounding, eyes/lungs burning... Thru Billy's haze he/we see/hear...a Thai pop-music video playing on a small tv, sealed to the wall...Fans whirring Kiaw's lighter sparking under a blanket...Smoke and heat rising... Then, cell boss, Keng, sits up and signals to other Samur One by one, three then four then five get up, and quietly scale over other prisoners sleeping...making their way to the Young Thai inmate (we saw initiated earlier).
54) 1) dialog: sit on buckets, using toothbrushes to scrub their ankles beneath their shackles. Their eyes are hollow, black circ from weeks of abuse. Track marks visible. Billy scrubs roughly...His ankle starts to bleed. He keep scrubbing. Suddenly the sound of HUNDREDS OF PRISONERS WHISTLING, ma CAT-CALLS in Thai. Billy and Kiaw look up -- Jom -- in a long wig and makeup -- is being escorted thro the yard by TRUSTEES. She swings her hips with exaggerate sexiness, like a peacock flaunting it's feathers. Billy is surprised at how attractive she looks. Jom sees Billy, waves and calls out to him: JOM
54) 2) text: Hey, farang ba! You think me beautiful? Billy just watches. No words. Jom enters a shop with an encaged window for protection. Trustees lock her in. Ready for business...
55) 0) text: is trying to find cigarettes from one of the shops and st It's loud, unruly: DOZENS OF PRISONERS all bargaining, arguing, shoving at once. Billy gestures over the noise. Every SHOP OWNER refuses h
55) 3) text: (smiles, flirtatious) Hello. How I can help you? Billy, getting bumped on all sides, tries to hold ground. BILLY
55) 5) text: Five dollar. BILLY
55) 6) text: (pause, low) Can I buy `em on credit? Jom looks at him. BILLY
55) 7) text: (lying) -- I'm expecting some cash from me mum. Jom regards him, then opens her ACCOUNT BOOK. BILLY
55) 9) text: I know... She writes down Billy's name with a baht amount. JOM
55) 10) text: I give you fifty dollar credit. Pay me back when you can? Billy nods, embarrassed. Jom slides him a CARTON OF CIGARETTES. BILLY
55) 11) text: (pause, then) -- I never thanked you for fixin' me head. So... Billy nods "thanks." JOM
56) 3) text: "Hi Billy. (MORE)
56) 5) text: You missing me, yes or no?...I want you be a good man for me, Billy. I can be a good person for you too...Can't say love now, but when everything okay, you will be the one, my boyfriend." At the bottom of the note, a lipstick mark. Signed: "Jom" Billy's jaw tenses. Silent. Disturbed. Then, we hear the sound of MEN RUNNING. A lot of men. Bil looks up: THE MUAY THAI BOXING TEAM is doing wind sprints the yard. Back and forth, powerful as horses, no one out there but them. Billy watches. One man coaching, looks up: NAN, smoking a cigarette. Eyes meet. And as the team keeps running... The chanting grows louder... Louder... Fearful... CUT TO:
57) 0) text: and all his cellmates bolt up. Billy looks at Kiaw: KIAW
59) 0) text: peers through the bars to get a glimpse of what's happeni We HEAR distant mayhem. Batons hitting flesh. Men screami insanely. Billy turns to see all of the Samurai sitting in silence. Cross-legged, waiting. Only Keng looks at Billy...and gestures for him to stay quiet. The sound of beatings/screaming intensifies as the raid g closer to their cell. Billy tries to swallow his fear, but it's impossible. We begin hearing FOOTSTEPS somewhere. Lots of them. Comin hard and fast. HEAVY KEYS jangling. Billy steps back. He blinks.
59) 3) dialog: and other Samurai are roughly grabbed and thrown in line. A few Samurai protest/spit back -- Dogs bark and bite the Guards kick and punch them -- smashing batons across Samu bare backs with relentless force. Billy sees another Samurai being dragged out by the hair. Contraband hits the floor: cell phones, chargers, pocket knives, spikes, shivs, drug paraphernalia, porn mags; Guards keep shouting -- Terrified prisoners are marched a landings -- down stairs -- Billy and Kiaw among them....
60) 0) text: the ENTIRE PRISONER POPULATION stand in rows, nude, their clothes on the ground. For Billy, and those in shackles, their shorts/underwear are pulled to their ankles. SILENCE IS DEAFENING. BRIGHT LIGHTS FLOOD THE YARD. GUARDS body-search the prisoners one by one, then search their clothes. The dead bodies of Elyias, Trustees #1 + # displayed for all to see. Billy sees Nan and the Boxing Team amongst prisoners, als nude. Nan doesn't notice Billy. Then, TRUSTEES push Jom, May and Char to a distant corner wearing bras and panties. For the first time, we see Jom without any makeup on. She looks at Billy, his pale, naked body amongst tattooed Samurai. Jom stares...Billy looks away...it's awkward.
60) 3) text: Those aren't mine. Kiaw says something in Thai. Bull Guard shouts angrily ba Kiaw talks/gestures to Billy -- says the heroin is his; Billy shakes his head "no," frantic, terror stricken. Off Pi Sit just keeps staring at him. As Bull Guard shouts in Thai, Billy snatches the shirt fr his hands and tries to put it on. Too small. Doesn't fit. A SLEEVE rips, then hangs off. Bull Guard goes silent. Officer Pi Sit looks at Billy and Kiaw. A VERY SCARY, VERY INTENSE MOMENT..... Officer Pi Sit turns, signals sharply to the Trustees. IN A FLASH, the Trustees grab Kiaw and fiercely hurry him of the yard. Kiaw protests, frantic-- as Billy watches, shackled, stil Trustees wrestle Kiaw to an upstairs office and shut the There's a sudden SQUALL OF FEEDBACK over the LOUD SPEAKER followed by SOUNDS of footsteps scuffling -- A door being slammed -- A chair being dragged -- Kiaw being interrogat IT GOES ON AND ON FOR A FEW SECONDS, THEN JUST STOPS. SILENCE. Then the SCREAMING begins. Billy and the prisoners are frozen, listening to the SOUN KIAW'S BLOOD-CHILLING SCREAMS as TRUSTEES SAVAGELY BEAT H WITH BATONS.
61) 0) text: all staring at the speakers: NOBODY MOVES, NOBODY SPEAKS. HOLD ON BILLY, this just awful moment.
62) 0) text: A rather dark room, or lobby, filled with inmates loungin and smoking cigarettes. Billy is high, among them. The antechamber is connected to a small cell. And behind those bars: a dressed up Jom is singing Karaoke. May and sing back-up, lyrics roll on a shitty tv, as Jom sings in microphone. It's a slow, very seductive Thai BALLAD...
62) 1) dialog: his eyes glazed, watching Jom through the smoke...as do a the other inmates. The room pulses slowly. Billy is total captivated by Jom's singing and stares without blinking. Jom looks right at Billy, as if singing just for him. Wit the effects of the drugs -- DREAMLIKE, SURREAL -- Jom bec emotional as she sings, appearing like a star...an angel. For Billy, forgetting the prison surroundings for just th moment, he's trancelike...mesmerized...as if he and Jom a alone. Even the cell bars disappear; When the song ends, Billy continues watching Jom and ever else loudly APPLAUDS.
63) 1) text: William Moore, yat yeim...William Moore, yat yeim No sign of Billy. Instead, he --
65) 0) text: is dragged in by Bull Guard, chains jangling. He's dumped onto a stool before a STEEL MESH PARTITION. Billy almost falls over. Bull Guard sits him up straight. Billy is badly disheveled, bloodshot eyes, grey skin, unshaven, beyond high. To his left and right, PRISONERS s back and forth to VISITORS on the opposite side -- ten fe apart -- divided by bars/mesh. A BABY cries. It's madness Like talking across a freeway. BILLY'S POV swims for a moment to an OUT OF FOCUS VISITOR seated on the other side of the mesh... As Billy blinks, strains to see, the Visitor comes INTO F revealing: NINDAM (the young boy from the opening scene.) He stares at Billy in shock. Shock of his decay. Shock of gone by. Billy looking back, his bloodshot eyes moving down to: BILLY'S POV -- NINDAM'S HANDS, holding a small TROPHY. He grips it nervously, speaking slow and distinct; unsure if Billy understands: NINDAM
65) 1) text: ...Billy...you hear me? Billy's mouth moves: no words come out. NINDAM
65) 2) text: I win tournament. In Bangkok. Muay Thai, number one. Billy tries to respond. Strains to focus...Can't. Then, Nindam sadly sets an OLD GYM BAG on the divider: Billy's gym bag. NINDAM
65) 6) text: Next time I fight...when you leave here, me want you walk me to ring. Billy tries to smile. It falls quickly; NINDAM (low, tears welling now)
65) 7) text: ...bye, Billy... Billy nods -- fighting back tears. Nindam, staring at him Then quietly, as if whispering a prayer... BILLY
65) 8) text: bye. As Billy stands, Bull Guard searches him, checks his chai Nindam watches desperately. After a moment, Billy turns back to look at Nindam... ...He's gone. Billy, seeing it...feeling every fucking bit of it...
67) 0) text: is having his chains removed by the Blacksmith. Officer P Sit stands nearby with Bull Guard; After the shackles are pried off, Billy stretches his leg The lack of weight is relieving. Bull Guard signals Billy to sit on the floor. He does, then;
67) 3) text: You already did that. BILLY
67) 4) text: I mean with the team. I need to fight... Officer Pi Sit stares. BILLY
67) 6) text: It's you who no understand. (off Billy's look) Boxing come with good behavior, long time. We have prison tournament each year, government allowed. A chance for boxers at life, privilege...and honor. (pause) You've earned nothing, William Moore. BILLY
67) 8) text: No. BEAT; Billy reaches into his pocket, pulls out a folded address envelope. BILLY
67) 9) text: Will you mail this? Pi Sit doesn't move. BILLY
68) 1) dialog: without his chains, approaches the shop and Jom smiles, b her eyelashes. JOM
68) 2) text: Hi, Billy! Missed you! (off Billy's look--)
68) 3) text: Long time, I thought you got released... BILLY
68) 5) text: You need for drugs? Billy looks at Muscular Trustee. JOM (smiles)
68) 6) text: Relax. He no speak English. BILLY
68) 7) text: -- No, it's not for that. Not this time. Billy's hand is on the counter. Jom watches his expressio she reaches through the bars, slowly...and lays her hand his. The tips of her fingers brush Billy's scarred knuckl lightly back and forth. He's uncomfortable, and slides his hand back. BILLY
68) 9) text: I believe you. She gives him a CARTON OF CIGARETTES, then discreetly han him another LOVE NOTE. Billy pockets it.
69) 0) text: through the heat and congested yard. He grips the cigaret carton in one hand, his old gym bag in the other. He pulls Jom's note from his pocket, throws it away witho reading it. Then Billy looks, walks with steely determination toward
69) 3) text: ...Some. Billy holds up the carton of cigarettes. Says intensely: BILLY
69) 7) dialog: stands ringside, and wraps his own hands. Nan lights a cigarette and watches as Billy pulls a small jar of Vasel from his gym bag and greases up his face, then inserts hi old mouthpiece and bites down. Last, he pulls out his old boxing gloves (worn in, blood-stained). Billy puts them on, looks to Nan to lace them. As Nan laces Billy's gloves, he sees the SCARS on Billy's and looks at him. Billy says nothing. Nan finishes tying gloves. Billy climbs into the ring, THROUGH the ropes...and waits
69) 9) text: Chok!(fight) Billy charges out fast. Lek feels his aggression and star to circle. Billy attacks and Lek nails him with a front kick to the chest. Billy takes it, then fires a punch. Blocked. A leg kick. Blocked. Lek snaps Billy's head back with a jab. Th again. And again. Then a HUGE KICK to the jaw -- THAT HITS WITH THE IMPACT TRUCK -- Billy goes down in a heap. He shakes it off, clears his head. Other Boxers stop what they're doing and watch as Billy picks himself up, fire i his eyes...and goes after Lek with a vengeance -- Within moments, Lek is throwing and battering Billy like rag doll. Pounding him at will, with solid PUNCHES and KI that knock Billy to the canvas over and over. Billy keeps getting up...But the harder he retaliates, th harder he gets hurt. Nan, ringside, stoically smokes cigarettes, as -- Finally, Lek grabs the back of Billy's head, hauls it dow and launches knee after knee after knee into Billy's ribs Billy goes down hard. He slowly gets up. Balance wavers. he turns and VOMITS over the top rope; Humiliated. Nan nods to Lek, who then exits the ring. Billy looks up at all the Boxers talking in Thai, joking laughing about Billy. He exits the ring...Nan removes the gloves, saying nothin An assistant trainer, TANE (45) approaches with a MOP and BUCKET on wheels. He points to Billy's puke with disdain.
70) 0) text: his back to us, as he angrily breaks a block of ice in a bucket, stabbing it repeatedly with a bike cog. 97    TIMECUT. Billy sits alone against concrete, holding wrapped in a towel against his face. His head is throbbin ribs and legs hideously bruised and swollen... He takes the ice pack off, revealing bad facial damage: B eyes, forehead knotted with welts. Dried blood in his nos He runs a finger inside his mouth, spits blood on the gro Billy sets the ice-pack on the back of his neck, and hang his head. A portrait of abject loneliness.
71) 0) text: sits among Samurai as Bull Guard takes head count. When B yells his number: "paet" -- Bull Guard SEES Billy's welts bruises and calls a halt to the count. Bull Guard shouts something in Thai at Billy. Billy doesn't understand; Bull Guard then shouts at Keng and a few others in Thai ( fucked this guy up?! He looks like shit, who did this?!") The Samurai all deny it. Bull Guard storms out. The Samurai glare at Billy...a VERY uncomfortable tension
72) 0) text: stands in line. Other prisoners chatter in Thai. Billy sa nothing. Surrounded, yet alone.
74) 0) text: is watching the team train. He hears someone outside BANG the gate and walks over: it's Billy. His bruised face. NAN
74) 1) text: What you want? Billy presses a new carton of CIGARETTES against the gate
75) 0) text: walk onto the main floor, passing the Desk Guard. Billy watches the boxers hitting bags, mitts, skipping ro sparring, getting massages, etc. They all ignore him; Lek is pounding a heavy bag. He stops and looks at Billy. Lek smiles, nods...Billy nods back. There's a mutual resp in this exchange. Nan sits on the steps of the ring and lights a cigarette.
76) 0) text: sit and talk; The other Boxers are cooling down, packing gear, talking. Desk Guard waits. NAN (to Billy)
76) 1) text: You fight before? BILLY
76) 3) text: No Muay Thai? BILLY
76) 5) text: Father train you? BILLY (wry)
76) 7) text: -- Why you want fight? You in danger? BILLY (shakes his head "no")
76) 11) text: I don't want to die. Nan stares at him...nods.   Then: BILLY
78) 0) text: train together, using focus pads. Time has passed, the wo on Billy's face/body look better. NAN
78) 1) text: Time, work! Billy fires combos -- as Nan catches with the pads -- no pause -- teaching rhythm -- pushing Billy to his limits - He's clearly exhausted -- so Nan pushes even harder -- 107   LATER: Billy unable to breathe, vomits in a trash c leaving his system. One of the Boxers hands him a bottle of water. Billy is surprised by the gesture, and drinks.
79) 1) dialog: is among them, surrounded on all sides by Samurai. Billy gestures/insists to Keng he wants to bet. The Samur ignore him, a few insult him. Keng shouts at Billy to show him cigarettes. BILLY
79) 3) text: My account... Billy keeps gesturing, pointing to which fish he wants to on, bluffing an amount.
81) 0) text: runs laps alone around the crowded yard, trying to naviga the madness. The PRISON FOOTBALL TEAM get into a fight du a game. All of them shouting and shoving... Billy runs through it;
81) 2) text: Hello, Billy! How my Westerner boyfriend...? He drops a shoebox on her counter: it's filled with all t cigarettes he won.
81) 4) text: You don't need to send me no more love letters. Jom's smile falls. BILLY
81) 5) text: I can't be your boyfriend. I just can't...and never will be. Thanks anyway. Jom's eyes well up. Billy walks away...
82) 0) text: is in line behind three other Boxers in the ring. Across them, stands a ripped powerful fighter: PON (28). One at a time, each Boxer challenges Pon to grappling com until one of them is thrown to the floor. Billy watches as Pon destroys each opponent with astonish speed and strength. Then, it's Billy's turn. Pon grins and waves him forth. Billy moves in and --
83) 0) text: waits alone with a Trustee in the empty yard. Eyes bleary Billy just woke up.
84) 0) text: is hitting the pads as Tane holds them. Billy fires fist/ combos. Hard shots resound. Sweat pours off Billy ...his skill clearly improving. Nan stands at the ropes, giving instructions. THE BUZZER SOUNDS. Billy paces the gym, dripping sweat, h breathing. He suddenly FREEZES....
84) 2) text: Why you here? BILLY
84) 4) text: I warned you. Made very clear, you must earn this. And how you do that? By defying me--? BILLY (low, sincere)
84) 5) text: I have earned this. Officer Pi Sit says something in Thai to the Guards. Then turns to Billy:
84) 7) text: You will be punished for a month. Whole cell will be punished too. One Guard pulls out shackles. The other, a baton. Billy sighs and exits the ring. The Guards remove his glo Nan just watching, then... ...As Officer Pi Sit angrily walks over to the Desk Guard talks firm, Nan walks over and talks to Pi Sit in private The Guards roughly cut off Billy's handwraps as he watche Nan and Officer Pi Sit talk in the distance.
84) 9) text: (firm, still angry) I give you one chance: You will fight at Songkran. Billy lets out a deep breath, nods. BILLY
84) 10) text: thanks. As Officer and Pi Sit and Guards start to leave -- BILLY
84) 12) text: (keeps walking) Could be yourself. Nan joins Billy. NAN
84) 13) text: You know what is Songkran? BILLY
84) 15) text: Thai New Year. In three weeks: all prison celebrates...Boxers fight to qualify for National tournament. Off Billy's look --
85) 0) text: is on a scale. All the Boxers are checking their weights Songkran. The gym is crowded with Guards and Officer Pi S who supervises. Outside the gym gate: DOZENS OF PRISONERS have gathered t watch, deciding who they'll bet on. Among them, are the SAMURAI. Pon makes weight: 175 Next, Billy steps on. Pi Sit leans in to read Billy's wei 210 lbs. (about 35 lbs overweight) BILLY
85) 1) text: The fuck? Is the scale broke? Billy looks down: Someone else's foot is on the scale: Po He grins, malevolent. Billy heels Pon's leg off. Officer Pi Sit watches without expression. On the verge of erupting...Billy gets off the scale, Nan resets, and Billy gets back on. Pon inches up behind...blows in Billy's ear, then whisper something we can't hear. Billy makes weight: 175 Then, he reels and throws a punch that doesn't land, beca they're separated. Shouting. Pushing. The entire team now the Guards-- CUT OUT;
86) 0) text: celebrate. The yard is alive with festivities. Carnivales ON STAGE, with A LADY-BOY BAND, Black Dildo wears a long performs a romantic Thai song. Prisoners and Guards are mixing, eating, dancing to music throwing water in all directions and laughing. Everyone i high spirits... OUT OF THE DARKNESS OF THE GYM, Billy and the boxing team emerge, carrying the RING out to the sunlit yard, where t set it down. THE SOUND OF A CELEBRATION FILLS THE AIR.... Billy stand with Lek, watching, in disbelief.
86) 4) text: that summons Billy forth. Billy hesitates, then steps closer. The Young Monk smiles applies the sprinkles Billy's face. He doesn't know what means. Doesn't need to. It feels peaceful. AND AS MUSIC CARRIES OVER...for the first time, Billy smiles. WIDEN. THE WHOLE YARD IS CELEBRATING. Only the ring is em Then, Black Dildo voice booms over the microphone: BLACK DILDO
87) 0) text: is fighting THAI BOXER #2. They trade shots. Then, a HUGE PUNCH from Lek CRASHES HARD into Thai Boxer #2's head -- HE FALLS FACE DOWN ON THE CANVAS, EYES WIDE, KNOCKED OUT. THE CROWD GOES CRAZY. Billy stands outside the ring, gloves on, just inches fro the ko'd boxer's face. We SEE the FEAR on Billy's face. As the REFEREE (a Guard) tries to revive him, he sharply signals to Billy that he fights next. Lek exits the ring, pats Billy's shoulder and smiles, encouraging him.
88) 3) text: Not good. BILLY
88) 5) text: Next round not for you. Your ear almost come off. BILLY
88) 6) text: Fuck that. I got another one. Billy looks to the crowd: Everyone from Songkran going cr gambling. Keng and Samurai betting big on Pon. In the fro row: is Officer Pi Sit, arms folded, watching stoically. JOM, in a short skirt and high heels, walks the ring w/a FOR ROUND 4. The crowd WHISTLES/CHEERS. Jom winks at Bill who looks away, annoyed. AND THE BELL.
89) 0) text: rush in. Trade heavy shots. FISTS, KNEES and SHINS... The bodies absorbing the shock. Pon GRINDS HIS GLOVE into Billy's ear. Blood and white ce pour. It's hard to watch. Billy reacts and fires a three-punch flurry that lands, t Pon steps over and hammers a hook to Billy's exposed kidn Billy drops to one knee, air leaves him, pain engulfing h
90) 0) text: Nan works Billy's arms and legs; BILLY How's the ear? NAN Still there.
90) 1) text: Jom walks the ring with a CARD FOR ROUND 5. This time, sh blows Billy a kiss...taunting him. Billy gets even madder...Nan slaps him hard across the fa NAN (shouting) Last round, Billy! Must knock out or lose fight!
90) 2) text: IN THE OPPOSITE CORNER: Pon stares at Billy with disdain. Ready to finish him off; THE BELL.
91) 0) text: lies on a bench as a THAI CUTMAN stitches up Billy's ear.
92) 0) text: celebrate. The courtyard empty, but them and two Guards. Billy (his ear now bandaged) with Lek and the team, bathi their WOUNDS, their CUTS, their SWOLLEN LIMBS from their fights at Songkran. They laugh and throw water, for the moment, as if children. Nan is with them, smoking, smiles
93) 0) text: his ear bandaged, enters with a GUARD. Pi Sit waits at his desk. Billy sits on the floor, placing his hands together, as a mark of respect. After a moment: OFFICER PI SIT
93) 1) text: Your fight at Songkran was impressive. Insane, but impressive. BILLY
93) 4) text: I'm going to transfer you to the boxing team's cell... (off Billy's look) You will share in their privileges: better food, earlier to shower to avoid line, same thing at night. Billy nods, tight smile. OFFICER PI SIT
93) 5) text: But if you lose in National tournament, you will be sent back to live with regular prisoners. Billy's smile drops. OFFICER PI SIT
93) 6) text: You are first Farang to compete. Consider this an honor. But for us to win, every - fight - count. Have two months to train...and you'll need it. Billy's silent. Reality of the pain ahead floods in. OFFICER PI SIT
93) 7) text: Tournament will take place in maximum security prison. The men you will face have life and death sentence. They no just try win, they try kill. Billy reacts. The weight of these stakes hadn't occurred him. OFFICER PI SIT
93) 8) text: If you no want face this, and can't represent this prison...say now. PAUSE..... BILLY
93) 9) text: I won't let you down. Officer Pi Sit signals to the Guard, who then lifts Billy his feet. As he starts to leave... OFFICER PI SIT
93) 10) text: Wait. Billy turns to see Officer Pi Sit pick up an envelope fro his desk and holds it out to Billy.
93) 12) text: From your Mother. ON BILLY. HOLD.
93) 15) dialog: collects his belongings. He's being transferred out of th Samurai cell. As Billy heads for the door, he looks back at Keng, who gestures a knife cutting Billy's throat. Billy walks out.
94) 0) text: and Guards as they escort him across the yard...into a separate, WOOD BUILDING and move down a long, dark hall i silence. Billy is led into a LARGE CELL and first sees th FOOTBALL TEAM, standing looking at him... ...Then, suddenly, Billy discovers Nan, Lek and the ENTIR BOXING TEAM waiting for him in this SPORT TEAMS' CELL ("H Nak Geela"). All the boxers cheer and whistle, call him "Crazy Farang. All except Pon. Billy, bewildered by it all, dives into the team. All of laughing and wrestling.
95) 0) text: is awake, as everyone else sleeps. Billy reads the letter from his Mum quietly to himself; Deep emotion fills Billy's face. He wipes his eyes.
96) 0) text: The yard is very still, very quiet. As the sun dips low, the boxing team, in silhouette, jogs laps around the courtyard. Billy runs among the them...He sees a rapist Samurai, nak hands tied behind his back, being forced to roll in the y while getting kicked and humiliated by Guards. Billy looks up at the Sector 5 Cell, sees the rest of the Samurai behind bars, watching. Billy keeps jogging...
97) 0) text: lies on his stomach in the dark, amidst a circle of Boxer conducting a sacred Sak Yant tattoo ritual. It's EXTREMELY HOT, EXTREMELY INTENSE. Lek and two Boxers hold Billy down, as another: TIGER uses a 40cm long needl (the "Mai Sak") to apply the ink onto Billy's back with f repeated jabs....the image of a LEAPING TIGER beginning.. Billy fights the pain, holding it in; The boxers invoke a deep, hypnotic mantra (the "Kata"), s clutching amulet fragments, the chanting becomes ONE VOIC CU's. Billy's pores, needle scraping ink made of snake ve and jabbing. Lek wipes blood off Billy's back, revealing Leaping Tiger and SAK YANT tattoos forming. Billy's eyes roll back, the mantra inducing a trance stat As Nan blows into the tattoo, the Boxers become shadows, silhouettes...The cell walls fading. All we see is Billy. we hear is chanting...
98) 0) text: walks alone, thinking. Time has passed. His bandage is go Billy watches the swirl of activity from a distance. Prisoners eating in the outdoor kitchen. And Jom, in her shop, selling wares...engaging with prisoners. Billy stares for a moment...then keeps walking.
99) 0) text: are crowded around a long table. Plates/bowls of fish, an eggs, crab somtam, chicken, pork, chiang-mai noodles are passed around as Billy and the boxing team eat. AD LIB talking/joking/banter. THAI BOXER
99) 1) text: Hey Crazy farang, why you in prison? BILLY
99) 4) text: All of `em. The Team laughs. Billy can't help but smile. BILLY
99) 6) text: No, I no do drugs...I just kill. Thai Boxer pounds his own chest, as if stimulating a knif stabbing. The Team LAUGHS harder....so Billy laughs too.
100) 0) text: in protective gear, spar and grapple. Flesh on flesh impa Nan stands at the ropes, instructing. Billy gets thrown down. Nan yells at him to get up. Billy jumps up and re-engages. Lek throws him down again. Billy pounds the canvas with his fist, in frustration. Nan signals Billy to exit the ring. Two more Boxers climb in.
102) 0) text: sit together, looking at a PHOTO ALBUM of Lek's family. Lek points to things in the photos, then teaches Billy ho say them in Thai: ..."my house"..." "...my son..." "...my temple..." "...my father..." Billy repeats each in Thai.    Then: LEK
102) 1) text: Do you have father? Billy pauses, then nods "yes." LEK
102) 2) text: He come visit you? BILLY
104) 0) text: leaving the gym, walks out to his locker. He opens it, sh his gym bag inside, shuts it. Then, Billy turns to see someone standing there. It's Kiaw. Cold stare at Billy. BILLY
104) 2) text: When I heal. Billy sees new scars on Kiaw's face. They're unnerving. BILLY
104) 4) text: Your hair look good... BILLY
104) 7) text: You take my shampoo bottle-- smoke all heroin inside it. Billy's silent. Then: BILLY
104) 9) text: That heroin belong to Samurai. Cost much money! BILLY
104) 11) text: You pay now. BILLY (in disbelief--)
104) 12) text: I don't owe you nothin'. SOMEONE WHISTLES from above...A GUARD on the balcony. He sharply gestures to Billy and Kiaw to move on. Billy walks away. Kiaw steps in his path: KIAW
104) 13) text: You know I have AIDS. You pay my debt to Samurai or I inject you with my blood. Kiaw holds Billy's stare: it's murderous. Then, he leaves
105) 0) text: and a few other BOXERS sit on a bench, having their train injuries treated by DOCTORS: cut knuckles, cut lips and eyebrows, hyper-extended knees, black-eyes. Billy, still angry, is having his bruised ribs taped. A GERMAN INMATE in his 60's -- pale, fat, sweaty -- sits another bench, waiting, eating a plate of food. Near the medical hatch, Jom is talking to a MUSCULAR TRUS fanning herself with a Chinese fan and flirting. She notices Billy-- glancing over, then ignores him and struts toward the other Boxers, as if an audience:
105) 3) text: But his dream not mine. I start taking hormones when I was fifteen. Father say I bring great shame, and he disown me. (she looks deliberately at Billy--) But now I am who I want to be. Happy with myself. Billy, simmering, as Jom turns back to Muscular Trustee a smiles; JOM
105) 4) text: My only regret is I should have had kids before I cut my dick off. Muscular Trustee smiles back. Billy hides his jealousy, b can't keep from watching Jom deliberately feign affection Muscular Trustee. GERMAN INMATE
105) 5) text: Well me, I like to fuck `em younger. Much younger...Dick or no dick, it don't matter. The German grins. Jom looks at him, uncomfortable. For Billy, the tension rises to a boiling point. GERMAN INMATE
105) 11) text: (pulls away; then to Billy--) Fuck off, faggot! A crazed Billy overpowers the German Inmate -- fiercely, intensely -- pushing the fork toward the German's EYE -- He can't hold Billy off -- BILLY
105) 12) text: Open your eyes... He doesn't. BILLY
105) 16) text: (shouting) You scare me, farang...very crazy! Can no control yourself! BILLY
105) 20) text: Mi dong kit mak! (You think too much!) Billy, held by Boxers, looks at her -- His rage replaced shame. JOM
105) 21) text: I no want see you, farang ba! (crazy foreigner) Don't ever come around me! Jom leaves down a hall w/Muscular Trustee, who comforts h Billy is led toward the exit by the Boxers, but he keeps staring after Jom. He feels rejected.
107) 0) text: are in the ring, demonstrating the Ram Muay ritual dance. They each wear a "mongkhon" (headband) and "pra jiad" (armbands). Wai Khru music plays on an old radio. Billy and Nan, also in the ring, stand near the ropes. NAN
107) 2) text: --Bless...spirit...bless...spirit, bless... Billy watches Lek and the boxer gracefully move through a series of rhythmic gestures and postures.
107) 4) text: Billy doesn't move. Nan shoots him an angry look. NAN Muay Thai more than just "fight." Disrespect spirits or no believe, you never understand Muay Thai! BILLY I "believe." NAN No--! (off Billy's look) When you at peace, can control anything, and win. Anger: lose everything.
108) 0) text: among the entire Boxing Team, and Football Team, as they kneel for Buddhist Evening Prayer ("Suad Mon Yen"). Chant fills the cell, and Billy watches them, isolated and apar His thoughts elsewhere.
109) 0) text: is nailed with a punch in this sparring session. A combo THREE MORE HARD SHOTS from Lek hit Billy clean, and he bounces off the ropes. Lek looks over at Nan, who is standing on the ring apron, watching: Billy is NOT throwing back.
109) 3) text: Billy! Hya Suk! (that's enough!) Other Boxers stop training now, looking over, as--
110) 0) text: is walked in by Desk Guard, holding his belongings. He's transferred to another cell: 12 square feet. Only five Th inmates inside. As the Desk Guard shuts the bars, Billy hears someone gig He turns to see Noi -- the mentally retarded inmate from earlier. No one else says a word.
111) 0) text: condemned in here for a week. No talking. Very little lig In the days/nights that follow.... Billy pounds the wall with his fist. Slow, heavy thuds, t come one after another. Billy pumps out sit-ups. Billy does furious push-ups. Noi watches Billy, giggling. Billy stops and looks at him Billy does push-ups with Noi on his back. Guards enter, drop off food, then lock the bars again. Billy and Noi sit/eat together. Noi smiles. Billy smiles Prisoners' clothes hang on a wire. Billy rips it down and uses it as a jump rope. As he does, Billy's eyes glaze over, somewhere else. Billy/Cellmates sleep, inches apart. Noi right next to Bi Guards enter again. Drop off food. Shut the bars. In back of the cell/shower, Billy helps Noi bathe. Then d him off with a towel. Later, Billy stands with a DULL RAZOR and starts to shave own head. Intense expression on his face; All the prisoners watch in ominous silence. A few drops of blood stream down the back of Billy's scal and neck. His head now shaved, he now shaves off his eyebrows...lea the skin underneath beaded in blood. Guards bring in food; shut the bars. Billy starts shadowboxing. FIRING COMBOS that get faster harder -- More and more violent... The other prisoners move back, nervous, afraid -- Except Billy keeps punching, pivoting, attacking...dripping with sweat. The combos coming with blazing force and speed --
111) 2) text: Pom chuu Billy khrap? (My name is Billy) Khoun chuu aray? (What's your name). Noi giggles.
113) 0) text: are sitting in their cell, quietly. Lek, among them, stil with bruises. There's a sound of the door opening and a figure walks in It's Billy...released from punishment. Brought in by Desk Guard. Everyone stares. Billy tries to gather courage as he walk to Nan. There's a long moment before he speaks: BILLY
113) 1) text: I fucked up. I know it, Nan. Honest. Nan says nothing... BILLY
113) 4) text: I didn't come this far to quit. Nan stares. Silent. Billy tries not to break down.
113) 7) text: Tournament very soon. Must train twice as hard now. Don't disappoint me. Billy nods, quietly comes alive. BILLY (realizes)
113) 9) text: I no more smoke. Bad for health. Billy's back on the team. He walks to Lek and sits down n to him. There's a moment...Then, Lek holds out a fist...B bumps it, both smile.
115) 3) dialog: Noi hugs Billy tight. BILLY
115) 7) text: Roo lao! (I know!) BILLY
116) 0) text: are at a stand, rummaging through items for sale. The sho owner is a VERY OLD THAI PRISONER. Billy inspects items: coffee, shaving cream, soup cans... agree on the flip=flops that Noi likes. As Noi tries them on, Billy then moves to a row of femini items: lipstick, eye shadow, a woman's headband with a plastic flower attached. He looks up at the Old Man watching him. Billy picks up the flower headband; BILLY (to the Old Man)
116) 1) text: ...it's not for me... The Old Man SMILES. Noi looks at Billy, concerned. Hopes it's not for him. Sh his head, "no." Billy is amused. Both laugh.
118) 1) dialog: are sparring. The gym is otherwise empty except for Nan, and the Desk Guard. (Billy's eyebrows are mostly grown ba
118) 2) dialog: engage, grapple, then fight out. It's intense, but more f technique, ironing out Billy's flaws. Mid-round, Pon CRASHES a shin into Billy's kidney. Billy takes it. Covers and assaults, aggressively going after P THE BUZZER ends the round...Billy and Pon bump gloves. IN THE CORNER: Nan gives Billy water, then notices that B is sweating profusely.
118) 4) text: Billy takes a labored breath, nods.
119) 0) text: walks in and shuts the door. Locks it. He stands there a moment, afraid. When suddenly and without warning -- a knife-like pain sh through Billy's side -- his chest begins heaving -- AND HE VOMITS BLOOD VIOLENTLY.
120) 0) text: with Nan, Pon, Tane follow Desk Guard back toward their c WE SEE the concern on Billy's face. He tries to hide it f Nan...
120) 3) text: Fear is good for fight. Like fire, inside you. Billy's silent, struggling to hide his pain from Nan. NAN
120) 4) text: It's almost time. Billy considers telling Nan about his pain: He doesn't.
121) 3) text: Mr. Moore, I am Dr. Adi. BILLY
121) 6) text: How are you feeling? BILLY
121) 8) text: You have a delineation of the esophagus. BILLY
121) 10) text: It's a tear. Primary cause: drug and alcohol abuse. Through years of this, it's worn away the lining of your esophagus. BEAT. BILLY
121) 12) text: You need to stay that way. BILLY
121) 14) text: You need to heal. After, exercise is good,-- but only moderate. A BEAT. BILLY
121) 17) text: Make other plans. BILLY
121) 19) text: Boxing is what caused the rupture. You vomited blood because you had at least a pint in there. Any more trauma, and you could hemorrhage. You'll bleed to death. Billy looks at him. Dr. Adi starts to write on his clipboard. DR. ADI
121) 20) text: I'm putting in a request to have you transferred to a government hospital. They'll patch your esophagus, or perhaps cauterize it. BILLY
121) 22) text: Mr. Moore -- BILLY
121) 24) text: Mr. Moore. You must never fight again. ON BILLY. HOLD.
123) 2) dialog: is the last to go. Hoping to prove the doctor wrong. He attacks the bag. fast. loud. violent. REVEAL: NOI is in the gym now, sitting on the ring steps. LAUGHS and APPLAUDS Billy. (He also wears new flip-flops. Nan points to a BROOM nearby. NAN
123) 3) text: Nong Chai, Kub pai tum ngan khun na krub. (Little brother, go back to work.) Noi quickly gets up, starts to sweep the gym. He's the ne team assistant. Billy looks at Nan, nods "thanks." And Billy walks away. Light-headed, he clutches his chest hiding the pain. BILLY (low, to himself)
124) 6) text: You have tournament come up, yes? Billy frozen, wide-eyed, nods. KENG
124) 7) text: Win fight and pay us your earnings. You lose, it end bad for you... TENSE PAUSE. FUCKING ALL HELL TERRIFYING. Billy nods. The Samurai drops Billy in the dirt, then walk away.
125) 0) text: back in the cell with the entire Boxing Team and Football Team, as they kneel for Buddhist pre-dawn sutras. Chantin fills the cell. Billy shows Noi how to pray; They all pray together.
127) 0) text: step outside the prison gates. Billy pauses for a moment. taking in the open air. There's a few houses around, offi and empty lots. The slightest smile comes to his face.
127) 1) text: It's packed to the rafters with prisoners. Faces peer thr steel-mesh. Billy follows the team into the bus...
128) 0) text: gets on. Prisoners crammed like cattle, everyone in chain Billy squeezes through and sits next to Nan. BILLY
128) 2) text: Only boxers go to tournament. Billy looks to the back of the bus: a group of prisoners caged in a smaller compartment, facing a Guard w/a shotgu BILLY
128) 7) dialog: watches scenery pass. People on the streets; temples; markets; life on the outside. As the bus moves through lush Evergreen forests...Billy l against the mesh window, wind hitting his face. He breath in clean air.
130) 1) dialog: sits alone. He watches other boxers with their families. Tiger, etc. Lek, holding and kissing his INFANT SON. Then Billy looks away and quietly stares at the ring. ANGLE, OFFICER PI SIT. talking to Government Officials. He sees Billy sitting al walks over and sits. They both watch the families and prisoners interact for a moment. Then: OFFICER PI SIT
130) 2) text: I talked to your Mother. She could no afford airfare, but she sends her love. Billy is silent.
130) 4) text: They say boxers should have no pleasure before fight. BILLY
130) 6) text: They say it softens you,-- steals your hunger. BILLY
130) 7) text: Well maybe "they" are full of shit. Officer Pi Sit smiles. Billy's loneliness is evident. OFFICER PI SIT
130) 10) text: But you... (off Billy's look)
130) 11) text: You had to go to prison in order to be free. Billy is still. Hard truth.
131) 0) text: lies on a table, in this improvised locker room. Nan is giving Billy a pre-fight massage...Applying heated oil to skin, the scars, the back tattoo, working the muscles wit his hands. It's very quiet but intense, ritualistic, as w FEEL the BUZZ in the air... Lek, Tiger, a few other boxers enter the cell. All sweati breathing hard, just having fought. Billy sits up. Alert.
133) 0) text: as he enters. And we're seeing him, now, at this moment, full Muay Thai warrior. Another ROAR sweeps over the crowd...His opponent enterin the ring...And Billy turns to face the man who intends de for him: DIESEL CHOR (25, pure malevolence). Prisoners ROAR for him.
134) 0) text: with May and Char are watching a small TV, chatting up a storm. Women's bras, thongs, hang on wires. Perfume and makeup abound. Jom watches Billy on TV intently, sees him perform the Ra Muay as she taught him.
135) 0) text: rush in. A measured pace at first. Billy and Diesel circl feinting, like a storm brewing... Billy fires jabs and teeps with a balance and deftness we haven't seen before... Diesel, taking shots, trying to cu the ring, but Billy evades... UNTIL: DIESEL'S TRAINER shouts something Thai. And Diesel fires an OVERHAND RIGHT that Billy doesn't see and hits h like a pole-ax. Billy's entire body feels it. (So do we.) A barrage of pulverizing kicks, elbows and punches follow Billy trying to cover up. Diesel's attack goes through li bullets. It's fast. It's shocking. Hurts to watch. And --
136) 3) dialog: --No-- NAN -- Remember what I teach you! Remember what you fight for!
140) 0) text: bores in...nailing Diesel with aggressive kicks, elbows a teeps, that knock Diesel back to a corner. Billy unloads:
142) 0) text: sits. Nan and Lek feverishly rub Billy's legs. Billy spit the bucket: it's a lot of blood.
142) 2) text: You okay, Billy?! You alright?!
142) 3) dialog: ...yeah... NAN
142) 4) text: You SEE, Billy?! You FEEL it?! Muay Thai in HERE-- (pokes Billy's heart)
142) 5) text: And HERE-- (pokes Billy's mind)
144) 0) text: They trade. Back and forth. Both fighters standing ground creating angles, traps, dodging and attacking. "The Art o Eight Limbs" in full force. They slam into a clinch (reminiscent of the exercise with Pon). But this time, Billy throws Diesel down. Diesel jumps up immediately and attacks Billy;
146) 0) text: rubbing Billy's legs that are brutally swollen at the ten around the calves and knees. He struggles to breathe. NAN
146) 2) dialog: I won't!
146) 4) text: No go down, Billy! Need last round to win! BILLY
146) 6) text: Okay?! BILLY
147) 0) text: has Billy hurt. A right to the jaw then three knees to th ribs knocks the wind out of Billy. He stumbles to his lef Diesel takes advantage and fires a left lead kick that al knocks Billy down. They grapple, shove each other off. Both boxers exhausted, it's a matter of will. Trading sho As Billy finds, masterfully, his distance, his timing, he chops a hard kick to Diesel's thigh that buckles him. THE HUNGRY CROWD ON IT'S FEET. Even Officer Pi Sit, who j up from his seat, CHEERING BILLY, as -- Billy RUSHES in -- -- but mid-charge, his GASTRAL TRACK LURCHES AGAIN. HEART
150) 0) text: lies in back, eyes rolled, breathing erratic. A MEDIC put oxygen mask on his nose. The siren wails. We do not see t GUARDS faces as they drive Billy to the hospital.
153) 0) text: stirs awake. He sees a light overhead and an air vent wor Billy takes a moment to get his bearings...Lying in a cle bed, white sheets, quiet surroundings. There's a large po op bandage on his side where a drain was removed. Then Billy looks down, SEES his ankles are shackled/chain A PATIENT in a neighboring bed stares at him awkwardly. HOLD ON BILLY, THIS VERY LONG AND AWFUL MOMENT...then, he slowly sits up, turns to a window, peers out; REVEAL NOW: We're in a GOVERNMENT HIGH RISE, overlooking city of Bangkok -- 20 stories below. Billy pushes opens t window, BREATHING IN FRESH AIR...HE LOOKS OVER THE LEDGE. LOOOONGGG WAY DOWN. There's a sudden SOUND. Billy drops back into bed, just a the door opens and a NURSE walks in. BILLY
153) 1) text: Nurse. `Think I should go to the loo. Nurse helps Billy out of bed. She looks down at his chain then hands him a SARONG. Billy wraps the sarong around his waist, covering the cha
154) 0) text: as the Nurse escorts him...They pass a GUARD seated at a nearby desk. He hardly glances over from the TV he's watching. The Nurse leads Billy around the corner to the bathroom. waits as he goes in alone.
156) 0) text: ...and finds an empty corridor. The Nurse is gone. Billy peers around the corner, SEES the Nurse talking to an AID down the hall. PAUSE...THEN; Billy moves to an elevator and quickly taps the button. The elevator door slides open...and Billy FREEZES. Inside: is a DOCTOR and two NURSES. They all STARE at Bil DOCTOR
156) 1) text: Going down? Billy nods, steps in, SLOW, careful not to shake the chai
157) 0) text: avoids eye contact. Instead, he focuses on the floor ligh dropping: 9...8...7- DING! Door opens: two more DOCTORS get in. Billy tenses. The descent resumes: 6- DING! Door opens again: now an ORDERLY w/a WHEELCHAIR PATIENT enters. Billy edges to the back corner; Floor by floor, the elevator keeps stopping. Rapidly fill with NURSES, DOCTORS, ORDERLIES and PATIENTS. We can FEEL Billy's panic in this now crowded elevator, descending agonizingly slow... It finally reaches the LOBBY. Everyone files out, until B is alone. He steps out carefully, minding the chains...
158) 0) text: turns a corner, into the LOBBY. It's full-to-bursting wit PEOPLE waiting for medical attention. Some in plastic cha wounded and sickly. Some on the floor. Others on gurneys, shoved against the walls. The Staff under siege, outnumbe BILLY'S POV: at the far end of the lobby, is the EXIT TO STREET. Pulse racing, nervous, Billy moves toward it...ever-tiny steps, so NOT to hear the chains...step by step. A few pe look at him curiously. Billy, heart pounding through his chest now, just reaches the exit and --
160) 0) text: One city block after the next, navigating crowds, unsure where he's going. He turns down a quiet street lined with parked cars. He tries several car doors. All of them locked. Frustrated, scared, he looks across the street and STOPS. BILLY'S POV: A DRUG STORE. All lit up, open for business.
161) 2) text: Can I help you? Billy just stands there. Staring. Realizes:
162) 0) text: steps out to the street. Exhales. He watches people, cars, life go by. And suddenly it's cl All the chaos in Billy's eyes is replaced with steel. He wants to live. And now he's walking. Toward the hospital. Walking faster. Determined. Faster and faster, toward the hospital as we....CUT TO:
163) 0) text: looks up from his TV, oddly, at Billy walking in, sweatin BILLY (smiles)
163) 1) text: -- How you doin'? Took a fuckin' helluva piss in there. Billy enters his room, hoists himself into bed-- and righ that moment, the Recovery Ward door opens: it's Officer P Sit. Accompanied by two other GUARDS with SHOTGUNS. Without a word, they help Billy out of bed, cuff his wris
163) 3) text: Why did you come back? BEAT. Billy looks at him. OFFICER PI SIT
163) 4) text: You could be free. Why did you turn around? BILLY (caught, stunned)
163) 7) text: I don't want to run anymore. Billy waits for a response; Officer Pi Sit doesn't give o And as they ride in THICK SILENCE, en route back to priso
164) 0) text: is waiting in the Visiting Area alone. WE HOLD ON HIS FAC THEN; TEXT ON SCREEN: After serving three years, Billy Moore wa transferred to a UK prison and released on an amnesty by King of Thailand in October 2010. Upon his return, he reconnected with his family. With the help of Narcotics Anonymous, Billy remains clean this day, and works with other addicts who are in recover Now, a smile comes to Mr. Moore's face. Across from him, REVEAL: sits Billy. They look at each other for a LONG MOMENT, in deep silenc Emotion is palpable between them. Then, Billy smiles to his father.