26) 9) text: Hok!! Count resumes: others shout. Guard #1 writes it down. Billy watches as two TRUSTEES enter to remove the corpse, black with rigor mortis. Billy quickly snatches the corps blanket, as they carry him away. Prisoners roll up their blankets. Billy does the same. 41   TIMECUT. Water begins pumping from a black pipe and a plastic barrel. Billy watches as other PRISONERS quickl grab large, plastic lemonade bottles from a pile in the corner and fill them up with water. Billy, still sitting there, hears someone giggle...He loo over to see a mentally retarded Thai inmate, filthy, in m flip-flops, (NOI, 19) watching him...Laughing. Noi is the only other prisoner not trying to get water. Now, Billy gets up and hurries in to get water. It's rowd chaotic: NUMEROUS PRISONERS all yelling in Thai, forcing their way in to fill up their bottles. Billy gestures/talks. No one understands him. Billy finally manages to fill up three bottles for himsel
55) 0) text: is trying to find cigarettes from one of the shops and st It's loud, unruly: DOZENS OF PRISONERS all bargaining, arguing, shoving at once. Billy gestures over the noise. Every SHOP OWNER refuses h
88) 0) text: sits as Tane and another CORNERMAN shout advice fast/loud Thai, over the noise of the crowd. As--
110) 0) text: is walked in by Desk Guard, holding his belongings. He's transferred to another cell: 12 square feet. Only five Th inmates inside. As the Desk Guard shuts the bars, Billy hears someone gig He turns to see Noi -- the mentally retarded inmate from earlier. No one else says a word.
111) 0) text: condemned in here for a week. No talking. Very little lig In the days/nights that follow.... Billy pounds the wall with his fist. Slow, heavy thuds, t come one after another. Billy pumps out sit-ups. Billy does furious push-ups. Noi watches Billy, giggling. Billy stops and looks at him Billy does push-ups with Noi on his back. Guards enter, drop off food, then lock the bars again. Billy and Noi sit/eat together. Noi smiles. Billy smiles Prisoners' clothes hang on a wire. Billy rips it down and uses it as a jump rope. As he does, Billy's eyes glaze over, somewhere else. Billy/Cellmates sleep, inches apart. Noi right next to Bi Guards enter again. Drop off food. Shut the bars. In back of the cell/shower, Billy helps Noi bathe. Then d him off with a towel. Later, Billy stands with a DULL RAZOR and starts to shave own head. Intense expression on his face; All the prisoners watch in ominous silence. A few drops of blood stream down the back of Billy's scal and neck. His head now shaved, he now shaves off his eyebrows...lea the skin underneath beaded in blood. Guards bring in food; shut the bars. Billy starts shadowboxing. FIRING COMBOS that get faster harder -- More and more violent... The other prisoners move back, nervous, afraid -- Except Billy keeps punching, pivoting, attacking...dripping with sweat. The combos coming with blazing force and speed --
111) 2) text: Pom chuu Billy khrap? (My name is Billy) Khoun chuu aray? (What's your name). Noi giggles.
115) 1) dialog: sitting alone, on the ground. He's sad, dejected, for onc not smiling. Billy walks over. Noi sees Billy and his mood changes immediately. He runs to him with his moldy FLIP-FLOPS spl down the middle;
115) 2) dialog: 
115) 4) text: You need new shoes... Noi doesn't respond.
115) 6) text: Rong tow, see lao. (Your shoes are not good) Noi looks up, grunts. NOI
115) 8) text: Pom Ja sue longtow mai hai khun na. (I'll buy you new ones.) Noi, a huge smile...He removes his flip-flops, gives them kiss, then HURLS them over the prison wall. He then march quickly away, singing a Thai song loudly and out of tune.
116) 0) text: are at a stand, rummaging through items for sale. The sho owner is a VERY OLD THAI PRISONER. Billy inspects items: coffee, shaving cream, soup cans... agree on the flip=flops that Noi likes. As Noi tries them on, Billy then moves to a row of femini items: lipstick, eye shadow, a woman's headband with a plastic flower attached. He looks up at the Old Man watching him. Billy picks up the flower headband; BILLY (to the Old Man)
116) 1) text: ...it's not for me... The Old Man SMILES. Noi looks at Billy, concerned. Hopes it's not for him. Sh his head, "no." Billy is amused. Both laugh.
123) 3) text: Nong Chai, Kub pai tum ngan khun na krub. (Little brother, go back to work.) Noi quickly gets up, starts to sweep the gym. He's the ne team assistant. Billy looks at Nan, nods "thanks." And Billy walks away. Light-headed, he clutches his chest hiding the pain. BILLY (low, to himself)
125) 0) text: back in the cell with the entire Boxing Team and Football Team, as they kneel for Buddhist pre-dawn sutras. Chantin fills the cell. Billy shows Noi how to pray; They all pray together.