0) 0) text: The .morning sun beats down on a hig) school football sta It has a small town feel. Enclosed by a track court, it h metal bleachers on either side. It is morning but the sun already hot and blistering. A large man, 40's, can be seen walking along the - empty He drinks from a bottle of water. This is COACH WILLIS. A hard man. Difficult. He stops to fuss with a water sprinkler head. He jiggles it, tugs on it. Be can't seem get it to work.
0) 1) dialog: Goddammit! . He pulls.on it same more when something takes his attenti Something in the brittle grass. He reaches for it, curiou knocking over his bottle water in the process. ‘COACH WILLIS (contd). What the... The Coach scoops something up in his hands. cuT TO:
3) 6) dialog: It's hot out there. Your water fountain's the closest.
3) 13) dialog: Who's Madonna? Mrs. Olson looks at him like he's from another planet.
3) 21) dialog: Thanks for the water. Mrs. olson turns and moves behind the circulation desk wh sets down her keys when... Suddenly, the lights go out. Darkness envélopes the. room Mrs. Olson spins around, her eyes quickly trying to adjus the room. MRS. OLSON (cont‘d} Okay...what' s going on? Suddenly, a WRESTLING of ‘chains. She looks about...nothing. sh je moves takes her attention. It comes from the exit door. to it. MRS. OLSON (cont’ay Coach? a (CONTINUED )
3) 26) dialog: I wanted a moment alone with you. Mrs. Olson stares him down.
3) 28) dialog: Here. Take them. He stands still, forcing Mrs. Olson to reach for them. Sh doesn't move. A stale mate. . .
3) 36) dialog: (bad mimic) “Like a Virgin...heyyy..." The voice is coming from the other side of the back shelf She moves further down, looking through the shelf as she goes, trying to see through to the other side. Suddenly, the cutter blade comes slicing out,. just missi her. She SCREAMS, then races down the narrow aisle. The blade sticking out of the book shelf, as if chasing her. Mrs. Olson reaches the end’ of the aisle, spins around th corner to another aisle. She moves between two large book shelves, flying down it. She reaches the end. It's a cul sac. A dead-end. She turns back around and looks to the But he's not...all is quiet. end...to see the Coach coming. A long agonizing moment. And then, from behind, a hand reaches through the book shelf and grabs her by her hair. The hand rips back, picking her up and dragging her throu the shelf...books crash to the floor as her entire body i forced through the shelf, finally disappearing from view. One last SHRIEK from Mrs. Olson, then the library gaes de quiet.
4) 11) dialog: You're a...I forgat your name...
4) 13) dialog: Right. I've seen you around. ‘You're not . xweally into sports. . Pacey doesn't say anything. He stands rigid.
4) 14) dialog: Don't be so scared, son. I'm not gonna bite you. Get outta here. a Pagey tutns and takes off, scared of this guy. He takes t worm-like thing with him. He skirts by the Coach, breakin into a sprint. ~ . vo The Coach stares after him, then back to the ground.
4) 62) dialog: It's a little heated today. Bis face is dry. No sweat, just a’complete lack of moistu , cur Tor
11) 1) dialog: (yelling) Hit the showers! Stan, dripping wat, Btands next to Coach Willis.
11) 9) dialog: _ What do you want me to say? My star quarter tells me the day hefore we play Brun County-~the only team in the Strict that can kick our ass--he ' “asesn't wanta play.” There's. something up with that. You seem'to be going through a life defining turning point and I’m not gonna stand in.the way of the human condition. You do what you have to do. . “it . Stan is amazed at how well the Coach is taking it. ‘Thi alll not the expected reaction, .
15) 4) text: Delilah and Pacey peek to see Mrs. Olson enter the lounge with Coach Willis. ‘They appear sweaty and dehydrated. Th move to the water cooler. :
20) 12) text: eres bees where Coach Willis and mrs. Olson”a are S sitting. Pacey when he sees them.
20) 14) dialog: Hey, Pacey. Sorry about the mix up earlier, The officers stare at Pacey.
20) 33) dialog: She had an attack.
29) 61) text: PACEY (cont'd) There's another. : Pacey follows it up her neck and around her face. It trav up the side of her nose and towards her eye. Pacey traps in the corner of her eye. He presses hard as it begins to squeeze out of her tear duct. The worm-like feeler curls and wiggles back and forth. Pa grabs hold of it with his fingers and YANKS.it, slinging into the book bag. Delilah zips the bag up as Stokely collapses to the floor. Pacey goes to Stokely, checking her wound. PACEY (cont'd) Oh, God, you okay? Stokely is a WHIMPERING MESS, Delilah turns around to’ se Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson at the end of the hall.
30) 24) text: Get in, They look at each other. Not particularly very trusting o him. Pacey looks back to the school. Hr. Tate and Miss Burke and Coach Willis have gathered by the school walkwa
42) 9) dialog: Stan. What are you doing here? The Coach stands in the rain like it's nothing. He doesn' even notice. -
43) 2) text: Coach Willis and Mr. Tate and Mrs. Olson and others appro the gym. They move with assured confidence.