5) 7) dialog: Yo, where have you been? Grab your aIte....We have no front page. We're in ac ANC em
14) 10) text: Pacey? He turns to her. PACEY . Bure, yeah, whatever... Mrs. Olson smiles, walking off as Delilah approaches, Pac ; lost in thought, disappears. .
14) 16) dialog: -Don't diffuse. One thing at a time. We're a couple--you and me. We should discuss these things first. You know, how controlling I am. ‘ . STAN . Z've had a really weird day. I just don't ‘wanna play anymore, alright? Just leave it. (CONTINUED )
14) 19) text: 12/29/1997 11:17 i fh SBS @yrzzasr Qrszeu 32. CONTINUED: (2) . Stan is really emotional about this. It's very unexpected Delilah hag never seen him like this before. But it doesn even phase her. DELILAR . But you have nothing else. Don't you get it? “Your boyish good leoks and athletic Prowess are all you have. This hits Stan hard. He stares at her in complete disbeli Ss I thought... DELIDAB . ’ Stop thinking. It doesn't work for you. woe ~ Andapith-that;—Beltbah-stons-Of6,: leaving Stan eru = “y cor 70: Int. sronecy LAB - A LITTLE LATER Mr. Furlong sits on a stool overlooking the aquarium, The water level has dropped considerably. Mr. Furlong adds so water to it.
14) 28) dialog: -Z need a, Jead story. I have no page one. pacey follows ‘her dow: the empty corridor. ,
14) 38) dialog: Look, little freakboy, you're with me--be brave.
15) 0) text: The lounge is empty. Saveral loud KNOCKS are heard. ‘Then the doar squeaks open and Delilah sticks her head in. The coast is clear, She pushes Pacey through the door and the enter. _— PACEY hae ararud Tockiig
15) 4) text: Delilah and Pacey peek to see Mrs. Olson enter the lounge with Coach Willis. ‘They appear sweaty and dehydrated. Th move to the water cooler. :
15) 9) text: Delilah can't quite see. she’ ‘gets bold, pushing t the d open further to Pacey's frantic objections. BACK IN Tae LOUNGE Miss Burke enters the room, smiling at the Coach and Mrs. Olson.
15) 13) text: Delilah and Pacey watch through the crack as Mrs. Olson passes right: by the closet, moving in on Miss Burke.
15) 21) text: CONTINUED: (2) . vo Very much dead, sitting, proppad upright in the corner of closet. Her body stiff and pale. Depleted. Delilah LEAFS up in terror as Pacay grabs her, throwing his hands over mouth, stifling her scream. But Del's hysterical, she fig him. . Just then...
15) 33) text: i - , a 37. CONTINUED: (3) ° A pencil braaks free, rolling from the box and over the e af the shelf, falling down, Pacey reaches out, grabbing it, before it can hit the fla and make noise. Delilah sees what's happening as another pencil falls. Pacey, frantic, reaches out, catches it, bu another comes fast behind it. He can't keep up with them. Delilah tries to help as the pencils begin te rain down.
16) 3) text: Del and Pacey tear down it, slipping on the slick floor. They skid around a corner, racing to an exit door. It's locked and chained, Delilah POUNDS on it.
16) 4) dialog: What the fuck is going on?
16) 19) text: ask Miss Bakes she'll tell you. They attacked her. . - Miss Drake tries to comfort her...she puts her arm around Delilah. :
17) 1) text: Pacey has lest Delilah. She's no where to be found. He finds a pair of exit doors, locked and chained. He beats then.
17) 14) text: Pacey points to the nearest classroom door. towards it, throws it open as... MR. TATE LEAPS OUT. . He raaches for her as she SCREAMS and pulls away. She f back against the gate. Pacey sticks his hands through, . txying to help her, but Mr. Tate moves towards her, cormm hers : a “MR. TATE Come ‘with me, Delilah.
18) 0) text: Pacey GASPS, racing to the window, pulling it open. ~~ mtg eee coe Sees #e helps 2ift pelilah up as she climbs through. she makes PACEY (cont'd) Help me. ‘He looks up but Delilah is gone. She's left him. Again. The door cpens behind him. He jumps up on the window sill and litts himself through just as...
27) 0) text: Pacey and Stokely are in mid-discussion. . PACEY : woe . »eand then they chased us but we got i away. . STOKELY oo Where's Delilah now?
28) 58) dialog: We're dead. —™
29) 47) text: oh STORELY (cont'd) Get it off me... . Pacey, thinking fast, rips her shirt off of her. He looks Delilah who stands petrified.
29) 61) text: PACEY (cont'd) There's another. : Pacey follows it up her neck and around her face. It trav up the side of her nose and towards her eye. Pacey traps in the corner of her eye. He presses hard as it begins to squeeze out of her tear duct. The worm-like feeler curls and wiggles back and forth. Pa grabs hold of it with his fingers and YANKS.it, slinging into the book bag. Delilah zips the bag up as Stokely collapses to the floor. Pacey goes to Stokely, checking her wound. PACEY (cont'd) Oh, God, you okay? Stokely is a WHIMPERING MESS, Delilah turns around to’ se Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson at the end of the hall.
32) 66) dialog: You mean his behavior seemed slightly . odd. . os -
32) 68) dialog: Like a star quarterback who mysteriously quits the football tean. Stan turns to her.
32) 88) dialog: And Pacey--when did you become Signourey Weaver?
32) 140) text: Beat. Except for Stokely's weirdness, there is no reaction arou alll, . the room. ” DELILAH Well, I guess we're all off the hoo...
32) 141) text: Before Delilah can finish her sentence, a fist like shape punches out from under her skin, contorting har face and structure horribly for a half second before snapping back - into place. Bleed drops freckle Marybeth and Stokely. Bvaryone's taken off guard. Was that them tweakin‘ or hex reacting? Delilah looks canfused as well. She brings her hand to he face, which doesn't sit on her skull like it did before. a little fucked up,
34) 0) text: Delilah lays spread out all over the garage floor. Still steaming slightly. :