4) 29) text: Sha turng her hack tq Stan who hrugs, marching on, “his” going to 4 young FRESHMAN who's getting racked in the bal ¥ 2N-UPPER CLASSMAN. The boy falls over in pain. It's . Pacey. The CAMERA FOLLOWS... . A pretty young girl who walks by. Meet MARYBETE. A vision of sweet sixteen, southern dabutante loveliness. Gorgeous with lots cf hair that surrounds eyes full of spunk and f She stops a passing TATTOOED PLERCED GIRL. MARYBETH . Excuse ma, Could you roint me toward the effice? This is my first day here at - defferson and it seems my sense of direction has been obscured -by my rampant . nervousness. Marybeth's accent is 100% Georgia thick. It pours from he lips. The tattoged pierced girl stares dead pan and point
4) 35) text: The girl reaches over and SLAPS the boy. The boy doasn't miss a beat. He SLAPS her back. But she's ready...she SLA him back harder, Marybeth turns down another corridor, Passing STUDENTS, TEACHERS...her eyes wander to... A tall leather clad guy with hellish good looks. This is ZEKE. A second year senior, Troubled and aware. He stands dn a gircle of YOUNG TWERPS. ‘The CAMERA loses Marybeth a fellows Zeke as he leads the twerps inte the boy's bathro insida, he pulls a small Bic pen from his pocket, only th ink has been removed. tt contains another substance, -
7) 12) dialog: What's your name?
7) 14) text: Stokely turns from Marybeth. Contact is over. Marybeth is perplexed. And intrigued. cour TO:
9) 1) dialog: Mind if I join you? Silence. Marybeth takes.a saat anyway. A moment as they “both sit. Marybeth lcoks around. The "fuck you" couple a nearby, still going at it in full force. Marybeth spots Z axretively to another classmate. + aLising Sec: Sta notices Stokely is watching hin-teor-" not .
9) 2) dialog: Who's the nice rear?
9) 4) dialog: You one of those science fiction people? You believe in alternate universes and alien beings and stuff? I'm feeling pretty alien myself today. Stokely isn’t talking. In fact, she's moving. She gathers her things. MARYBETH . So, why don't you want me to know your name?
9) 6) dialog: I don't have any friends and, correct. me if I'm wrong, but you seem to have one less than that so I just thought... Stokely doesn't know what to make of this girl. gust then Delilah appaars. All amtles. (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: I didn't know you were a lesbian. I don't think I've ever met one before. I'm from the south and we're all just so repressed down there. Have you been out ng? : Stokely remains quiet. It's very impressive and evolved of you. .
10) 7) dialog: Oh, be one. Please. Fly free.
10) 10) dialog: Against what?
10) 17) dialog: Complex. AT THE FRONT OF THE ROOM . a - Pacey is showing Mr. Furlong what field. He lays it out on the lab table. around. ur. Furlong is in: he found on tha foothall Others gather
10) 24) text: Hey, grungehead, pass me the scope thera. THE BELL RINGS. The remainder of the class wanders in. Including Zeke. Marybeth eyas him instantly.
10) 41) dialog: You just know everything. : Zeke flashes a smile. Their eyes meet. . her back) eyes her _ i'm é contradiction.
25) 37) dialog: Ob yes, you're Zeke from Biology. .
25) 44) dialog: Yeah?
29) 11) dialog: Hey, Stokely, you nonconformist you, how you doing? Stokely approaches her. ‘ STOKELY Get outta the line, Marybeth. — “ipeaete What? :
29) 15) dialog: This sounds devious.
29) 17) text: Marybeth obeys, completely unaware of what's going on.
31) 4) dialog: Good lord. Zeke has converted the back of the garage into A table equipped - (CONTINUED y
31) 13) dialog: Where are your parents?
32) 21) dialog: Like that of a teenager?
32) 32) dialog: How do we stop it?
32) 81) dialog: (very quietly) My mom and dad died recently. I came to live with relatives. I didn't have anywhere else to go. They all stare at her. Zeke feels for her. He steps forward. .
32) 130) dialog: I can't take drugs, Zeke. I can't. del ILAn It's not addictive you southern twit. Stan starts laughing. , Delilah takes the pen away from Marybeth and snoxts it ha She even puts some in the other nostril. (CONTINUED)
32) 141) text: Before Delilah can finish her sentence, a fist like shape punches out from under her skin, contorting har face and structure horribly for a half second before snapping back - into place. Bleed drops freckle Marybeth and Stokely. Bvaryone's taken off guard. Was that them tweakin‘ or hex reacting? Delilah looks canfused as well. She brings her hand to he face, which doesn't sit on her skull like it did before. a little fucked up,
34) 11) dialog: Yeah.
34) 15) dialog: Forgive me for being frank, but that's a rather easy and simplistic answer. And something tells me, you're just a little smarter than that.
34) 19) dialog: Then we'll have to make it count. Zeke eyes her. He likes this girl. Just then, Stan turns to Zeke. A look of determination on his face. .
41) 46) text: Suddenly, Drake sits up, the hole in her head replaced by long, dancing FEELERS that have sprouted from her bullet wound. Her eyes are rolled back white. Zeke SCREAMS. Marybeth acting fast, rips open her book’ bag, she pulls the large container of SKAT. She opens it and pours it ou all over Principal Drake. Principal Drake's body erupts in spasms. After a moment-- body goes lifeless.
43) 3) dialog: If it wasn't Miss Drake--who?
45) 0) text: Zeke and Marybeth are atop the wooden bleachers, checking steel wired windows that line the walls. They look out on the football field. -
46) 5) dialog: Me too.
46) 20) dialog: Be careful, Zeke. She looks on, sullen, through the small paned window.
49) 2) dialog: Yes, he will.
50) 9) dialog: Zeke will be back. cur TO: cur TO:
59) 0) text: Pacey and Marybeth wait it out atop the bleachers. They s quietly with each other. Pacey is turned away from Marybe sitting several rows down, sprawled out along the bleache
59) 1) dialog: God, I am so over this.
59) 3) dialog: No, I'm really over this.
59) 7) dialog: You're not any of those things, Pacey. You don't have to be.
59) 16) dialog: No one sees you worse than you see yourself. Pacey breaks from his intensity. He looks to the exit doo Suddenly, puzzled. .
59) 18) dialog: What do you mean?
59) 20) dialog: Maybe because they're already in. Something is strange about Marybeth's responses. Maybe it the fact she has completely lost her southern accent. Pacey turns to her just as...
59) 22) dialog: her left arm is no longer an arm. It's been replaced with huge, hideous tentacle.
62) 29) dialog: Watch out--it's her. Zeke whips about. He's standing directly between the two them. He looks back to Stokely.
62) 31) dialog: She attacked me. She killed Stan. Please Zeke. Zeke turns to her.
62) 35) dialog: She's lying. She's trying to fake you out. We don't know what she is? Gay? Straight? Alien? Marybeth stands calm and poised. Zeke takes nete.
62) 37) dialog: Does it bother you, Zeke? My body...I'm getting kinda used to it myself. Poor Marybeth Louise Hutchinson. .She was all alone. She lost her parents. I identified with Her completely. (MORE)
62) 43) text: . MARYBETH (cont'd) Her world had collapsed in Atlanta and she was looking for a new home. Very much like me. I really like my new body, Zeke. Do you like it? You must. You ruined it for everyone, Zeke. When you gave me the fake drug test--that was _ sweet of you to bond with me. It was so typical of your species. So smart but utterly incompetent. Will it work again, Zeke? Do you like what you see? Zeke can't help but stare at Marybeth's breasts as she ru her hand along them, tracing them sensually. She takes a step towards him.
62) 45) dialog: Don't you want me, Zeke? I can feel your hormones pulsating. Even in your worst moment of fear you can't control them. They have a life of their own. Zeke moves back towards Stokely. He looks back te Marybet and she's gone. t
62) 71) dialog: Poor Pacey. The class wuss. Loser. His little penis taped to the wall for all the world to see. A. SHADOW bounces across Pacey's face. He jumps up and mo to another row of lockers, leaving Zeke. .
62) 72) dialog: I can change all that, Pacey. You never have to be afraid again. Think about it. A life without fear. A society without guns and violence and drugs. It'll be a perfect world. Fearless,
62) 75) dialog: Please, Pacey. Be my new family. Her voice is whimsical...sweet.
62) 78) dialog: Really? Is that what you want? To go back to your poor, pathetic high school existence? Let me change all of that. Le me give you a new life. . -
62) 80) dialog: Then have it your way.