4) 39) text: TST. FACULTY LOUNGE — SAME A large and spacious reom. A long conference table sits center with a couch area off to the side next to a refrigerator. An assortment of THACKERS move about the space,_ talking, smoking and BIICHING. . A sexy hut timid 30somathing teacher crosses to the xetrigerator. This is MISS HARPER. She places hex lunch i the fridge, moving past... MR. FURLONG, 40's, His face is kind, friendly, internally happy. (CONTINUED)
4) 49) dialog: Nowe.
4) 58) dialog: How are you today, Mrs. Brummel? " wRs, un Bik tired. But po, y aguplaints. Mrs. Brummel drops a book. She trias to bend ‘down and pi up a beok, but can't quite do it, MISS BARPER ot I got it, Mrs. Brummal. ia Tate witnesses this. Mr.
6) 0) text: The pristine Miss Harper stands in’ front of the room, he ams erossed over her chest. She holds a book.
6) 1) dialog: ++S0 Crusce's greatest fear was that of isolation. His external existence in no way compared to the internal agony of loneliness... Zeke sits studly in the front row, No doubt to be closer He gives her a. + Seductive the saliva inducing Miss Harper. wink. Miss Harper looks away. Stunned. Just then, the BELL RINGS. The class starts to disperse. Zeke stands and approaches Miss Harper. .
6) 8) dialog: Why ig that Zeke? ZEKE y All alone on that island. No one to talk’ to, Laugh with. No one ta touch.
15) 9) text: Delilah can't quite see. she’ ‘gets bold, pushing t the d open further to Pacey's frantic objections. BACK IN Tae LOUNGE Miss Burke enters the room, smiling at the Coach and Mrs. Olson.
15) 10) dialog: Bey, Coach, is it true we could get rained out tomorrow night? The Coach and Mrs. Olson sye each other.as Miss Burke mov aeross the room to retrieve her purse. Then, the Coach tu so Miss Burke, a smile appearing acrosa his face.
15) 12) dialog: Not according to channel 12.
15) 13) text: Delilah and Pacey watch through the crack as Mrs. Olson passes right: by the closet, moving in on Miss Burke.
15) 14) text: ‘ ‘Miss Burke turns to find Mrs, Olson right in her face. . confused. Har timid hedy fidgets as she inches away fro her, towards the closet. :
15) 15) dialog: -Is something wrong? > Suddenly, the Coach LUNGES FOR HER, attacking her, thro her against the closet door.
30) 24) text: Get in, They look at each other. Not particularly very trusting o him. Pacey looks back to the school. Hr. Tate and Miss Burke and Coach Willis have gathered by the school walkwa
51) 1) text: He turns looks at the end of a school bus. A COUPLE are fighting. He moves closer, coming upon a SCRUFFLE between Mr. Tate and Miss Harper. He has her pinned to the side o the bus. She SCREAMS IN TERROR. Zeke moves for her. It's obvious Mr. Tate is in the proce ef converting her. He races to help.
52) 0) text: Zeke comes upon the struggle. He throws Mr. Tate off Miss Harper and grabs her by the arm. She looks up, surprised.
53) 0) text: Zeke careens the car out of the parking lot and down the school driveway entrance. . ZEKE (cont'd) oy ‘(to Harper) : You okay? The Fingers under the seats sprout feelers and become wormlike. Miss Harper's hysterical.
56) 1) text: Nothing there. He flashes the light up a little higher. Nothing. He hears a thump. He flashes the light back down at the tire. Miss Harper's head is there where it wasn't before. It's severed but st moving from it's neck stump, being pushed along by it's o means of propulsion. Her face contorts with each movement evil rasp emanating from her slack mouth. Zeke reaches around with his free hand and gently shifts car into REVERSE. He backs up rough and short, just enough to crack Miss Harper's head open with a sick POP. The blood and gore st out from under the tire, as easily as if he'd crushed a g pea. He slams the car back in drive as he closes the door and there is Miss Harper's HEADLESS BODY standing in front of him, lit sickly by the white hot headlights. He blasts past her as she headlessly watches him scream, her fingers streaking blood across his window as he goes. Leaving her to wander headless in the night.