1) 0) text: A picturesque small town school. A building composed of r brick and tradition. The perfect representation of everything good and true in small town life. A sign sits in front. : “WELCOME TO JEFFERSON HIGH! HOME OF THE FIGHTING PATRIOTS It is still early and there are but a few people moving about. An older woman in her 50's, petite, almost frail, moves through the font doors. This is MRS. OLSON.
2) 0) text: Mrs. Olson moves down, the dim corridor. The morning sun finds its way through windows, casting shafts of, lights the empty corridor. yrs. Olson rounds a corner and runs into...
2) 7) dialog: Miss Drake. You scared me.
3) 0) text: Mrs. Olson comes around a corridor. The halls are empty except for a janitor that moves about sluggishly in the Mrs. Olson comes to a set of double doors. The distance. sign above reads “LIBRARY”.
3) 1) dialog: (singing) . "I made it through the wilderness, - somehow I made it through..." Mrs. Olson juggles the chain and padlock that secure the door. She unlocks it with her keys and opens the door and _ Steps into the dark library. INT. LIBRARY - SAME vt Mrs. Olson stops to wrap the chain and lock around the in handle of the door and then hits the lights. The library illuminated. It is a big and. vast room lined with rows and rows of.bo There are many nooks and crannys that host tables and wor cubicles and computers. ( CONTINUED)
3) 4) dialog: “Didn't know how lost I was until I found you." Through the window, the Coach can be seen on the football field nearby. He's still fusses with the sprinkler system Mrs. Olson moves on to another set of doors. She unchains them also. She moves to a set of outdoor exit doars. Unlocks it, then checks it out. She pushes on the door, I sticks. : : MRS. OLSON (cont‘d) "I've been beat incomplete, I've been whad,<and-been.sad..and . phe ane ee She pushes harder...the door rips” open and ‘she. comes f face with Coach Willis. Mrs. Olson jumps. ‘The Coach stan in the doorway. His face flush and sweaty.
3) 5) dialog: . What do you want, Coach?-
3) 7) dialog: Library's not open for another half hour.
3) 9) dialog: (barely audible) “But you made me feel, oocohhh, you made me feel...” Mrs. Olson moves to the circulation desk, when she turns around she finds the Coach standing right behind her. He' just a little too close ‘for her. . (CONTINUED )
3) 12) dialog: What? ‘oh, Madonna. Sorry.
3) 14) dialog: Please...everybody knows Madonna. Singer, actress, mother, torpedo breasts...she’s an American institution. Where have you been? "Like a Virgin...heyyy.." .2,moment as if Processing ¢ this
3) 15) text: . ~The justeshars ther information. ie _ MRS. OLSON (cont'd) You okay, Coach? He nods. He turns his attention to the paper cutter that sits on the counter. He moves to it, raises its arm and brings it down. SWIITICKK! Mrs. Olson eyes him strangely.
3) 16) dialog: I'm the librarian. . You're the Coach. One of us is in the wrong place.
3) 25) dialog: What are you doing, Coach?
3) 27) dialog: I'm sure you've read your school handbook on appropriate faculty conduct so please give me those keys and avoid the harassment charge. The Coach holds them out.
3) 29) dialog: Put them on the counter.. . A moment. The Coach smiles, then sets them on the counter. Mrs. Olson reaches for them when theses COACH LUNGES FORWARD AND GRABS MRS. OLSON" s BY BER ARM YANEING HER UP ONTO THE COUNTER. (CONTINUED)
4) 56) dialog: “It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.” . MR. Is he still alive?
4) 59) text: (a whispex) Can we say "retirement"? ‘ Mrs. Harper passes by the Coach who now stands in front fhe air conditioning window unit. He's trying to cool . ‘ self. - . .
4) 60) dialog: Is it that hot teday, Coach?
9) 27) dialog: yery much alive. She looks a bit tired and sweaty.
9) 30) text: 1 Mes. | company. : ; Mrs. Olson moves into the room, turning to see Stokely : standing across the hall. Their eyes meat. A moment. And then Mrs. Olson quietly shuts the door. : 4 ° Stoke backs down the hall staring at the closed door. - ‘ Curious. She doesn't see the FIGURE that looms behind h She runs into... 4
14) 0) text: Stan and Pacey are in the hallway talking to Mrs. Olson.
14) 10) text: Pacey? He turns to her. PACEY . Bure, yeah, whatever... Mrs. Olson smiles, walking off as Delilah approaches, Pac ; lost in thought, disappears. .
15) 4) text: Delilah and Pacey peek to see Mrs. Olson enter the lounge with Coach Willis. ‘They appear sweaty and dehydrated. Th move to the water cooler. :
15) 9) text: Delilah can't quite see. she’ ‘gets bold, pushing t the d open further to Pacey's frantic objections. BACK IN Tae LOUNGE Miss Burke enters the room, smiling at the Coach and Mrs. Olson.
15) 11) text: It‘ll never happen, Misa Burke. The Coach moyes toward her with Mrs. Olson circling the center table, coming up behind har. . . .
15) 13) text: Delilah and Pacey watch through the crack as Mrs. Olson passes right: by the closet, moving in on Miss Burke.
20) 12) text: eres bees where Coach Willis and mrs. Olson”a are S sitting. Pacey when he sees them.
25) 3) text: Racey moves thraugh the library. He “Tamedtately sees ; M Olsen behind the ¢ircylation desk. He moves behind a kook shelf, eyeing her. He goes unnoticed. He eyes the card eatalog. Study hall STUDENTS move about, Pacey ducks behind a row books. He peexs between the book shelf to see Mrs. Olson status quo. Then, he moves turns his attention to the car catalog file that sits nearby. He takes a deep breath and moves for it. Once there, he scans the catalog, finds the letter "I" an pulls the entire drawer from the card catalog, He high ta it behind a shelf of books. He sinks to his knees and fli through the drawer. - .
29) 61) text: PACEY (cont'd) There's another. : Pacey follows it up her neck and around her face. It trav up the side of her nose and towards her eye. Pacey traps in the corner of her eye. He presses hard as it begins to squeeze out of her tear duct. The worm-like feeler curls and wiggles back and forth. Pa grabs hold of it with his fingers and YANKS.it, slinging into the book bag. Delilah zips the bag up as Stokely collapses to the floor. Pacey goes to Stokely, checking her wound. PACEY (cont'd) Oh, God, you okay? Stokely is a WHIMPERING MESS, Delilah turns around to’ se Coach Willis and Mrs. Olson at the end of the hall.
43) 2) text: Coach Willis and Mr. Tate and Mrs. Olson and others appro the gym. They move with assured confidence.
52) 6) text: Zeke spins the car around and heads back the way they cam Mrs. Olson, stands, watching them go, nursing his fingerl hand. Thin feelers whipping about in the knuckle slots.