2) 8) dialog: You're late, Mrs. Olson. The library opens at 8:00 and you're to arrive... MRS. OLSON . . +.one hour prior. I know but my husband had a coronary this morning and I had to rush him to the hospital where he died on arrival and there were just a lot paperwork to fill out and it-detained me. Miss Drake stares at her. . A slight smile emerges. —_ PRINCIPAL DRAKE Nice try. Get the Oldsmobile fixed Miss on. . ee eed Yes, ‘sir’. The Principal carries on, leaving Mrs. Olson.
16) 6) dialog: Pacey looks behind
16) 13) dialog: You've lost me. Calm down, please. Suddenly, a NOISE behind them. They turn to sed Mr. Tate approach.
16) 20) dialog: Let's go back to my office.
16) 39) dialog: Let’s go to my office and clear this up. Pacey and Delilah are a stand still. They don't know what do, They turn with Misa Drake and Mr. Tate and begin to w with them, They start down the ty hallway. Suddenly,
20) 0) text: Principal Drake is leading TWO POLICE OPPICERS down the h Behind them is Pacey with his PARENTS--an attractive midd aged couple. they arrive at the Faculty Lounge deor: One of the officers, a capable young man, turns to Pacey.
20) 9) dialog: Now why would she be in the closet?
20) 11) dialog: Oh yes, that's right. Drake leads them into the... Ei
20) 15) dialog: Apparently there's been a misuoderstanding. Pasey's father steps forward.
20) 17) dialog: -Cartainly. They all crowd in, moving to the closet door. Drake throw it open to reveal a-tidy closet. sitting on the’ floor, leaning againat the back wall is...
20) 26) dialog: Meet Resusitation Annie. We use her to train the students in CPR. I guess she does favor Mrs. Brummel slightly. All eyes go to Pacey. He's quickly looking like the boy w gried wolf.
20) 29) dialog: ~~tirsi-Bramet-wasnit-feeling: well today. - She went home early. . <r Pacey's mom and dad sye each other. fhe cops stare at Pac then each other, . PACEY . Look, I'm not making this up.. You gotta find Delilah.
20) 32) dialog: Miss Burke is epileptic. She's prone to Grand Mal's.
20) 42) dialog: You can usa the phone in my office. Drake leads them out the door. The Coach takes his seat again, calling ta Pacey.
21) 0) text: Everyone is in the school office, looking very tired and agitated. - + Principal Drake eyes the male officer.
21) 1) dialog: This way. The officer nods “gimme a sec" to his female partner, disappearing inside the inner office with the Principal. Pacey's dad grabs him by the collar and pulls him off to side of the room. His mother follows. .
21) 13) dialog: We just spoke with Mrs. Brummel and Miss Burke.
21) 17) dialog: ZI can see how it all got out of hand. It's a rather bizarre series of events. Pacey‘'s mother eyes Drake carefully. She would rather believe her son. Q2s/70 (CONTINUED)
21) 20) dialog: We'll see you tomorrow, Pacey. Her smile chills him.
25) 15) dialog: from intercom) “Willi the following students please report to the office. Tina Dannhausen, Gil Gold, Gabe Maker...” Pacay takes a seat, distening to the Principal. Pacey focuses on the book. : _ _ cur TO: wwe as Sener INT. MR. TATE'S CLASSROOM - MINUTHS: “haven Just before the late bell, Stan enters and) 1 takes his s Behind him, enters Stokely. She's following Stan obviousl . Marybeth taking notice, approaches. os MARYBETE . So go talk to him.
25) 29) dialog: (via PA) Your attention please. Will the following students please report to the office? Robbie Mercer, Shirley Mayo, Corey Gillikin. A STUDENT gets up and heads for the office. Others commen “What's up?" “Dude, they got you." The student looks back and smiles, This all seems innocent. : cur TO: EXT. STUDENT COMMONS -— LUNCH Students move about enjoying their break. Zeke moves abou the Campus. He spots the TWO FUCK-UPS. He moves to them. (CONTINUED )
39) 4) dialog: turns to see Pacey heading back towards the gym. ..alone.
41) 2) dialog: (off camera) Actually I'm right here. Pacey emerges from the shadows.
41) 4) dialog: Hello, Pacey. Are you okay? I was worried about you. She takes a step forward when a huge net comes flying dow top of her. She immediately starts to fight but Stokely a Stan appear on either side, wrapping it around her tighte entrapping her. Marybeth and. Zeke enter. They chain and lock the doors behind them. Principal Drake lay tangled in a volleyball net. She pull and twists, trying to break.free.
41) 5) dialog: What is going on here? . ° (CONTINUED )
41) 11) dialog: Get me out of this. I'll have you expelled.
41) 14) dialog: You're in a lot of trouble. All of you.
41) 16) dialog: No, please. What are you doing? Put that away. Principal Drake looks extremély afraid. " stan holds the up, aiming. ‘Zeke grabs a Bic pen from Marybeth's backpac
41) 19) dialog: (CONTINUED)
41) 24) dialog: I will not!
41) 27) text: hot PRINCIPAL DRAKE Oh my God, what are you doing? Zeke holds the pen up, ready to plunge. He hesitates. STOKELY ‘ - What's wrong?
41) 30) dialog: Please Zeke, don't. Are you out of your mind? Oh God, NO. I BEG YOU. No, no... Principal Drake is reduced to a trench of tears. Zeke is shaking. ” i : oe eo. (CONTINUED)
41) 38) dialog: Please, Zeke, don't do this. She's worked herself completely out of the net. She moves to Zeke, reaching out for him. Suddenly, Pacey appears ne to Stan. He grabs the gun, aims, and FIRES. The bullet catches Principal. Drake right between the eye She flies backwards, landing with a THUMP on the hard flo
41) 46) text: Suddenly, Drake sits up, the hole in her head replaced by long, dancing FEELERS that have sprouted from her bullet wound. Her eyes are rolled back white. Zeke SCREAMS. Marybeth acting fast, rips open her book’ bag, she pulls the large container of SKAT. She opens it and pours it ou all over Principal Drake. Principal Drake's body erupts in spasms. After a moment-- body goes lifeless.