3) 0) text: Mrs. Olson comes around a corridor. The halls are empty except for a janitor that moves about sluggishly in the Mrs. Olson comes to a set of double doors. The distance. sign above reads “LIBRARY”.
4) 21) dialog: An ingredibly handsoma-studly~jock-JEK Jr. in the making- ef guy. over.
4) 22) dialog: Whoa: You okay? He leans into hex, his ocean blue eyes piercing Stokely. yanks away violantly.
4) 24) dialog: You ran into me--Beast. He takes off, passing a BADASS SENIOR who's revealing .a hand gun to a coupla FRESBMAN. They smile, impressed: Sta Bpots someone across the way. upon... The CAMERA FOLLOWS as he comes {CONTINUED y
4) 28) dialog: I need to talk to you. -haye. a deadline. .
4) 29) text: Sha turng her hack tq Stan who hrugs, marching on, “his” going to 4 young FRESHMAN who's getting racked in the bal ¥ 2N-UPPER CLASSMAN. The boy falls over in pain. It's . Pacey. The CAMERA FOLLOWS... . A pretty young girl who walks by. Meet MARYBETE. A vision of sweet sixteen, southern dabutante loveliness. Gorgeous with lots cf hair that surrounds eyes full of spunk and f She stops a passing TATTOOED PLERCED GIRL. MARYBETH . Excuse ma, Could you roint me toward the effice? This is my first day here at - defferson and it seems my sense of direction has been obscured -by my rampant . nervousness. Marybeth's accent is 100% Georgia thick. It pours from he lips. The tattoged pierced girl stares dead pan and point
4) 35) text: The girl reaches over and SLAPS the boy. The boy doasn't miss a beat. He SLAPS her back. But she's ready...she SLA him back harder, Marybeth turns down another corridor, Passing STUDENTS, TEACHERS...her eyes wander to... A tall leather clad guy with hellish good looks. This is ZEKE. A second year senior, Troubled and aware. He stands dn a gircle of YOUNG TWERPS. ‘The CAMERA loses Marybeth a fellows Zeke as he leads the twerps inte the boy's bathro insida, he pulls a small Bic pen from his pocket, only th ink has been removed. tt contains another substance, -
4) 59) text: (a whispex) Can we say "retirement"? ‘ Mrs. Harper passes by the Coach who now stands in front fhe air conditioning window unit. He's trying to cool . ‘ self. - . .
6) 0) text: The pristine Miss Harper stands in’ front of the room, he ams erossed over her chest. She holds a book.
7) 2) dialog: -Actually, wa finished 4, Mr, Tate. We're on Chapter 5. In-the back of tha room Stokaly sits, pretending’ to read paperback. Her eyes are really on Stan who she watches fl through his text book. After a moment she becomes aware t she's being watched herself, by none other than... .. Marybeth who is seated next to her. And not just watched studied. Stokely is becoming increasingly uncomfortable. Another moment and then Stokely turns on her. (CONTINUED)
9) 30) text: 1 Mes. | company. : ; Mrs. Olson moves into the room, turning to see Stokely : standing across the hall. Their eyes meat. A moment. And then Mrs. Olson quietly shuts the door. : 4 ° Stoke backs down the hall staring at the closed door. - ‘ Curious. She doesn't see the FIGURE that looms behind h She runs into... 4
9) 31) text: atin . STAN...again. - . STAN . . So, Whoa! . - She yanks away.
9) 33) dialog: You're a work, man. : Stan's ayes find hers. He smiles. His state makes her uncomfortable, She scurries off. . ‘GUT TOs
10) 20) text: stantly intrigued. He immediately sets it _--llp_ona~iab-eoxk: board-and-daspec: -dk. : .
10) 24) text: Hey, grungehead, pass me the scope thera. THE BELL RINGS. The remainder of the class wanders in. Including Zeke. Marybeth eyas him instantly.
11) 2) dialog: -+I'va just been thinking ahead...well, I've decided to quit the team and concentrate on my academics. (CONTINGED)
11) 8) dialog: That's it?
11) 11) dialog: Thanks for not reaming me, Coach. The Coach smiles. He couldn't be more understanding, “QUT TO:
11) 22) dialog: (off camera) Hey, guys, leava him alone. The Jocks turn to find Stan behind them. STAN (cont'd) Hands off. . They turn. ta stan, Smiling, obeying. . He has power aver ve GUYS ees =e ee ” sock #2 ° Leese in passing) Yo, Stan, whatever you say captain, tomorrow night, right?.
12) 0) text: Stan is in the shower alone. He turns on the water ang it quickly steams up as he steps cunder the nozzle. He lathe up. , " He soaps up his face, eyes closed, not seeing the SHADOW bounces across his face. He opens his eyes, rinses. Sees mais ein Ee spins around as another SHADOW fails over hin a NOISE. . ‘h With soap in bis eyes, he turns.
12) 1) dialog: Yo, Pacey. Thera’s no response, Just a growing SHADOW that appears to be moving towards him. maa
12) 9) text: CLOSE ON TWO FEET as they move on the shower fleor. Women feet in heels. They struggle out of the shoes. Barefoot, the feet appear aged and weathered. . . . Stan rinses seap from his face, opening his eyes to Giscover... -
12) 11) dialog: Shit, Mrs. Brommel! ~~~" me Sld and tized WES. Braman” tragaling with her dre She pulls on it wildly, trying to “rip it from her bedy, Stan watches in horror, She seems completely lost, disorianted,..cut of sorts.
12) 12) text: INT. LOCKER ROOM — SAME Pacey is dressed and walking out when he hears Stan's SCR He races to the shower to. find... , )
12) 16) text: Please..-help me...I can't breathe... Stan moves toward her. Pacsy stands, mortified, at the doorway. Stan turns to him.
12) 17) dialog: Get help. Pacey disappears, Stan turns back to Mrs. Brummel. (CONTINUED)
12) 21) dialog: What's wrong, Mrs. Brummel? She gtabs hold of him, pulling him to her, holding him fo dear life. Stan is taken back. Unsure of what to de, he wraps his arms around her, comforting her.
14) 0) text: Stan and Pacey are in the hallway talking to Mrs. Olson.
14) 1) dialog: Is Mcs. Brummel going to be okay? OLson Stan, Mrs. Brummel's bean diagnosed with cancer and she’s on a lot cf.medication at the moment. it's causes disoriantation. We ware hoping she'd make it through the school year but unfortunately... I hope you can understand the sensitive nature of the situation.
14) 3) dialog: - Hey, I can keep it quiet.
14) 11) text: ‘ STAN : | Is-what true? : . “y
14) 14) dialog: Hey, I tried to tell yau this morning. ‘ DELIZAR So you just decided on your own? Were you evan going to tell me? .
14) 15) dialog: I don't wanna play anymore, okay. Look, could we cool this. I just had the weirdest experience thus far in life. Stan starts off but Delilah stops him.
14) 19) text: 12/29/1997 11:17 i fh SBS @yrzzasr Qrszeu 32. CONTINUED: (2) . Stan is really emotional about this. It's very unexpected Delilah hag never seen him like this before. But it doesn even phase her. DELILAR . But you have nothing else. Don't you get it? “Your boyish good leoks and athletic Prowess are all you have. This hits Stan hard. He stares at her in complete disbeli Ss I thought... DELIDAB . ’ Stop thinking. It doesn't work for you. woe ~ Andapith-that;—Beltbah-stons-Of6,: leaving Stan eru = “y cor 70: Int. sronecy LAB - A LITTLE LATER Mr. Furlong sits on a stool overlooking the aquarium, The water level has dropped considerably. Mr. Furlong adds so water to it.
17) 16) text: Look, son, there's been a a misunderstanding. Coma with me and we'll work it out. (CONTINUED)
22) 0) text: Simple. Messy. Pacey is standing in the corner while his father upturns the room, He's on a search, checking under the bed, spilling out drawers, etc. Pacey's mom stands in the doorway. Her face distressed.
24) 11) text: Be grabs his book bag and strategically places it. CLOSE his face, Cempletely numb. No sign of tears. He looks up to find Molly staring at him, pulling something from her bag. Her face full of understanding. She holds out a pair of sweatpants.
25) 19) dialog: I quit the team. .
25) 24) dialog: Yeah. I kinda lost interest, you know? I thought I'd explore some ether interests.
25) 26) dialog: Yeah? He looks at her. Smiles. Stokaly smiles back. A connectio is made. The last béll RINGS. Students taka their seats as Mr, Tat stands at the front of the class. de drinks bottled water He appears fresh and ghergetic. Not at all the sluggish ~~ Se.
26) 0) text: Several students sit in chairs lined up outside of the principal's office. The SCHOOL SECRETARY moves about behi the office counter. A lady in her fifties. Stan enters and approaches the counter.
26) 1) dialog: Excuse ma, could you tell me how Mrs. Brummel is * doing? (CONTINUED)
26) 11) dialog: Yeah? No, man, congrats. Rule.
26) 13) text: Stan ignores his question, motions to the others sitting waiting. .
26) 14) dialog: What's going on?
26) 16) dialog: Hey, Tina... (CONTINUED y’
28) 3) dialog: Bey, Pace, you seen Delilah today?
28) 5) dialog: Z need to find her. There's some weird shit going on hare so if you see her...
28) 6) text: What kind of weird shit? : STAN . You wouldn't believe me if I-told you.
28) 14) dialog: Jesus Christ! I don't believe it. TI mean I do but I don't. t's crazy.
28) 17) text: aermrrermtnnee STAN * op I know. I saw the line out there. They had Gabe and Tina. ° PACEY Didn't Gabe replace you as captain of the team?
28) 21) dialog: It's almost as if they're building an Suddenly, the dcor apens, a FIGURE steps in. stan, in joc mode, grabs the Figure and throws it up against the wall. The Pigure waars a cap and an over-sized boy's letterman jacket.
28) 28) dialog: What are you doing?
28) 41) dialog: pet's think for a second. Use our Phey'ra all gatting restless. Ss
28) 46) dialog: So what do we do?
28) 48) dialog: No one's gonna believe us, This is insane,
29) 0) text: The bathroom door apens and they file out one at a time. They walk ceolly and carefully down the corridor, . Stan plays team captain. He leads the way, turning to the
29) 1) dialog: * Stay calm. If we get separated--meet in the student parking lot. Be cool. Don't leak panicked. They file out. They move down the corridor. They pass several students, Suddenly, the hell RINGS and the hallwa is soon flooded with people, The four of them, move down hallway in a line. They spot several STUDENTS looking cal and cool as they, But. others appear normal. pean = Pacay is: starti to sweat.. as well7as" the others. their paranoia is growing. The next bell RINGS afid the hallway begins to clear. They turn a corner and spot a line of STUDENTS waiting outside the office.
29) 4) text: Play cool. They pass Mr. Tate who walks by them. He eyes them, start ta stop but continues on. - They approach the students standing in line.
29) 47) text: oh STORELY (cont'd) Get it off me... . Pacey, thinking fast, rips her shirt off of her. He looks Delilah who stands petrified.
30) 13) dialog: What happened? PACEY ‘ Wa had a little difficulty. Stan notices Stokely has been hurt. He goes to her, holds ers . : STAN a You akay? STOKELY te For the moment. . . She holds on to him. Delilah takes note. (CONTINUED)
30) 27) dialog: We're...uh, going...to..,th... (CONTINUED)
30) 35) dialog: Nah, Gabe...but thanks. Stan turns te see the faculty heading towards them. He ju in the car. ‘ STAR (cont'd) Ges -"—geke hits thé gas, the dar peel: patking lot. os
32) 15) dialog: Isn't the human body composed mainly of water?
32) 17) dialog: 
32) 18) text: That explains Mrs. Brummel. Her body was too old. She didn’t take. Stan turns to Stokely, concerned,
32) 19) dialog: You okay? How you feeling? Stokely nods. Delilah takes note.
32) 36) dialog: But what happens to everybody else? The ones who've been taken over?
32) 53) dialog: So how do we stop it? We can't even tell ron neeeenn me PRCESP ELON AHN. 8 note .
32) 59) dialog: I don't think its that simple. The Coach had emotion but he's usually a real hardass, you know. But he was different samehow, just too cool--you know. Delilah eyes Stah curiously. (CONTINUED)
32) 69) dialog: What are you doing, Delilah?
32) 71) dialog: I'm not an alien. You wanna talk slightly odd. I haven't seen you without your contacts or hairspray since oh about- ~birth. -
32) 84) dialog: Yeah, Zeke, I mean, you seam to know an awful let about all this. No offense, but you're mot exactly known for your academic achievements.
32) 89) dialog: Could wa cool it? Zeke holds up a drug-filled Bic pen. © ZEKE (cont'd) I have a solution. We know this outs them. Take a hit. If you're not alien you have nothing to worry about.
32) 90) dialog: No way, man. I don't do drugs. (CONTINUED)
32) 97) dialog: .T'l1 do it, but T'm not going first. ZEKE. @eke looks at the others. They all look guilty. :
32) 102) dialog: Just take it, Pacey. Pacey takes it and puts it in his nose. He looks to Zeke, almost for reassurance. Zeke nods. Pacey takes a giant snort,
32) 111) dialog: What about you Zeke? How do we know you're not one of those fucking things?
32) 113) dialog: Fuck you, Zeket
32) 118) dialog: Now you. Beat. Zeke puta the pen in his nose and snorts. No immediate react: « He holds the pen out to Stan. .
32) 124) dialog: Nope. I'm holding on to this... Zeke SNATCHES the gun away and puts it Behind him on the table.
32) 125) dialog: Not while you're tweakin' you're not. Sit down. Stan sits. Stokely. a STOKELY = ef WHER us. Tim not 7 | o putting Clorox up my- nose, 271i be dead.
32) 135) dialog: Easy, baby... \ Pagey is still giggling in his chair. Stokely doesn’t look as comfortable with it. Her face is twitching a bit. She puts her hands to her temple. zeke pulls another pen out and hands it to Marybeth,
32) 142) dialog: What the hell was that, ‘baby? Delilah grabs Stans arm for support, and FEELERS pour out her finger tips from under her nails, ferociously wrappin and slithering around Stans! arm. (CONTINUED)
32) 146) dialog: (drugged and confused) Oh shit! a a
34) 1) dialog: Stan can't take his eyes off what’s left of Delilah. Ha‘s beyond upset. Stokely tries to comfort him. Stokely xeach gut and strokes his arm. They sit there in silence. And then... sTAN Delilah tried. Her intentions were shit but she had a plan--you know. She was going somewhere. I really liked her for
34) 3) dialog: I wonder what it's like ta be one of them. Not to be human anymore. I wonder if you stop caring about shit...like a ~ future. I wonder if you just dry up and die inside.
34) 6) dialog: I guess we'll find owt. Delilah‘s probably better off. 7 : He looks at her. Stokely really feels for this guy- places her hand on his shoulder. Zeke and Marybeth are busy at a side table making up a ne batch of his hack drug. MARYBETH (cont'd) “z wish I had never come here. She be: ZEKE Sorry about your parents, rough. This is a delicate subject. Marybeth is instantly uncomfortable. That must be
34) 20) dialog: So how do we stop it? I wanna know how we stop it. .
34) 31) text: Stan is loading the handgun.
34) 32) dialog: Tf it doesn't. Maybe this will. They stare at each other as fear overtakes the room. ‘CUT TO:
35) 0) text: The game is nearing it's end. The band PLAYS, But the music carries no energy. The cheerleaders cheer but with little enthusiasm. ..The crow watches on. The concession stand is in full swing. CLOSE on beverages being passed hand to hand to hand. People swill them down The Women's Restroom has a line around the building as wo wait their turn, One WOMAN is seen exiting. She seems a little dizzy and disoriented. Ld / . — (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Stokely and Stan enter the front doors. They each carry a backpack. They race across the darkened basketball court. They move to the exit doors on the far wall. Opening thei bags, they take out locks and chains. They begin to secur the exit doors. i” STOKELY’ You think this will work? (CONTINUED)
38) 5) dialog: I'm trying not to think. Being a dumb jock suits me better. Stokely nudges him. . oo
41) 10) dialog: We're completely locked up. Ain't no one getting in. Principal Drake has managed to upright herself to a kneel position. The others surround her.
41) 15) text: Stan pulls out the gun.
41) 17) dialog: Ready?
41) 25) dialog: Now what?
41) 37) dialog: I can't. Principal Drake begins to rise towards Zeke. She is SOBBI
41) 49) dialog: C'mon. Let's check and see if it worked. They run towards the door. Zeke unlocks it as they file o
42) 5) dialog: Hey, Coach Willis. a . . (CONTINUED )
42) 10) dialog: I came to root you guys on. The Coach's head goes slack. It drops back and his mouth opens. Feelers sprout forth, lapping up the water. Zeke's turns to horror. It is a hideous and sickening sight. He backs up, to the others. They see it too. Suddenly more emerge from the Coach's eye sockets, nose a mouth. Long stingers that slap about the face, thriving i the down pour. Suddenly, Mrs. Olson and Mr. Tate appear behind him. He appears disabled, as if the. rain has taken control of them. Then, the feelers disappear and he turns to Stan.
43) 0) text: They race inside, SLAMMING THE DOOR SHUT. Zeke and Stan w together, securing it with chain and lock.
43) 10) dialog: I found these. Pacey helps him. They slide them through the door handles barricading themselves in further.
43) 12) dialog: Stokely come with me. You guys--take the pool. Pacey stay here. The others disappear, leaving Pacey alone in the foyer of gym. He looks through the window.
44) 0) text: Stokely and Stan are in the pool room. A completely separ and isolated section of the gymnasium. They check the exit doors. Locked and secured. They move a small office door. cur TO:
46) 0) text: Pacey stands alone, in front of a trophy case. A THUMP behind him. Pacey spins around, peering into the dark gym. - “PACEY Who's there? A moment and then Stokely and Stan appear. Zeke and Maryb right behind them. Zeke moves for the door, keys in hand.
46) 4) dialog: I'll go with you.
46) 7) dialog: You're gonna take off and leave us, aren't you? (CONTINUED )
46) 17) dialog: No, we stay. Zeke's right. There's no telling what's out there. He can move better alone. Zeke unhooks the door's chained lock, while Stan pulls th steel rod away. Zeke cracks the door, turning back to Marybeth.
49) 1) dialog: He won't be back.
49) 5) dialog: Stay here. Pacey, take that side. Stan and Pacey split up, each taking a side of the gym.
50) 0) text: Molly sits on the floor while Stan ties her hands behind back. Stokely holds the gun on her. Molly CRIES UNCONTROLLABLY. ‘ STOKELY . ‘ : You make one alien move and you're : fireworks--got it? Molly nods her head. She looks pitiful and pathetic.
50) 2) dialog: We can't take any chances.
50) 8) dialog: You got a better idea? Marybeth is looking through the door's small window.
52) 6) text: Zeke spins the car around and heads back the way they cam Mrs. Olson, stands, watching them go, nursing his fingerl hand. Thin feelers whipping about in the knuckle slots.
56) 1) text: Nothing there. He flashes the light up a little higher. Nothing. He hears a thump. He flashes the light back down at the tire. Miss Harper's head is there where it wasn't before. It's severed but st moving from it's neck stump, being pushed along by it's o means of propulsion. Her face contorts with each movement evil rasp emanating from her slack mouth. Zeke reaches around with his free hand and gently shifts car into REVERSE. He backs up rough and short, just enough to crack Miss Harper's head open with a sick POP. The blood and gore st out from under the tire, as easily as if he'd crushed a g pea. He slams the car back in drive as he closes the door and there is Miss Harper's HEADLESS BODY standing in front of him, lit sickly by the white hot headlights. He blasts past her as she headlessly watches him scream, her fingers streaking blood across his window as he goes. Leaving her to wander headless in the night.
57) 0) text: Stokely and Stan are in the pool area. Stan double checks the exit door to make sure it's secure. He, then, moves b to Stokely who stands next to the pool. .The water gliste against their faces.
57) 1) dialog: So tell me, in these books you read. INVASION OF THE PUPPET SNATCHERS and THE BODY...
57) 4) dialog: Okay. What happens .Stokely? How do they defeat the aliens in the books? Maybe we can try the same thing? So far, they seem right on target. “ Stokely remains quiet. STAN (cont'd) Is there some like basic sci-fi thing we're forgetting to do that will easily wipe out these aliens? What happens in o the books?
57) 6) dialog: . Quitting football doesn't seem like such a big deal anymore, does it? . Stokely moves close to him. A certain sexuality exists between them. Stokely grabs Stan and kisses him, long and hard. Years o passion existing in her lips. They break apart. Stan look at her, pleasantly stunned.
61) 0) text: The gym is deadly quiet and dark. The THING could be anywhere. Suddenly, THUMP behind them. Molly turns to see something rushing her. A basketball comes bouncing out at her from the darkness. She SCREAMS. Then, another comes at Pacey. It rolls eerily by him. The stand there tense and frightening. Another ball comes, th is times fast and furious. It hits Pacey knocking him to ground, sending sliding across the floor. Molly moves to him, reaches down to help him up when... A LARGE TENTACLE WHIPS OUT OF THE DARKNESS grabbing her a YANKING her entire body back where it came. It happens so fast and sudden there isn't time for Pacey to register wh even happened. Only when he hears a final DEAFENING SCREA erupt from Molly does he know. Pacey jumps to his feet, wasting no time. He peels out, racing down a leng hallway that leads to other parts of t athletic center. curt TO:
62) 0) text: Stokely and Stan hear a‘noise...they stop in their tracks It's a SLIGHT RUMBLING from above, STAN . What was that? - They look above when suddenly, AN EXPLOSION ERUPTS ABOVE THEM. The sound of splintered wood and crushing brick. Then, movement above them. They look up to the dark rafters tha comprise the room's ceiling. They can hear something, travelling, moving above them.
62) 2) dialog: I think it's IT--you know--just IT. Stokely and Stan stand, paralyzed...petrified. The CAMERA PANS to Stan to Stokely then back to Stan, the Stokely...then back again. Only this time Stan is gone. He's just vanished.
62) 34) text: Zeke stands between the two, not knowing who to trust. He whips back and forth between the two.
63) 0) text: Pacey comes-bolting out of the locker room door, he doesn look back when the locker room door bursts apart at the Creature's touch. Pacey bolts, moving across the basketball court. He turns to see the Thing slithering across the floor. One of-it's tentacles SLINGS forward, wrapping itself around Pacey's reeling him in. Pacey slides across the floor, KICKING an SCREAMING. He loses the Bic pen as it drops to the floor. His hands flail about as he tries to recover it. His body squirms like a hooked fish,..until the Creature stands ov him.
63) 4) text: Pacey lies directly underneath the Creature, it's four le on every side of him, caging him in. The Creature's head appears on it's snake-like neck, twisting under and movin close to Pacey's face. . The Creature is face to. face with Pacey. It's slimy feel slap about, grazing his cheeks. Its mouth opens as two lo worm-like tongues spit out... Pacey eyes the Creature's torso,..it's belly where the sk is so translucent, you can see through it. Thousands of small slugs swim about...some breaking the surface of the skin, then diving back under like dolphins in the ocean. Several fall onto Pacey. They disappear inside his clothi Pacey finds the Bic pen, he brings it up to the Creature' eye, but the Creature dodges. Pacey misses. The slugs are invading Pacey's body. He can feel them. He starts - SCREAMING and WRITHING about. Pacey rolls away from the Creature. Pacey stands upright and runs, picking at the slugs imbed z his skin. The Creature charges for Pacey, tearing at im. ila . A Pacey eyes the bleachers. He goes for them, diving unde them...hitting the electric lever on the wall as he goes.
65) 3) text: Tell me about it. -A boy is leaning down at the fountain, lapping up water. It's Pacey. He stands upright, wiping his mouth. ‘They se im. GIRL #2. Rey, Pacey, you're fan club's outside © age Network or local. They shrug. Facey walks on.