3) 38) text: EXT. JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL ‘= MORNING ~ LITTLE LATER The school has come to life as first period approaches, STUDENTS are everywhere...coming, going-~racing across campus. Music ROCKS from every direction as the CAMERA is assaulted by the students of Jefferson High. - .
4) 20) text: €xash and burn, baby... She travels on, her eyes going to the student parking lot whera a two car fenderbender has caused a fist fight betw TWO GIRLS. ‘They claw at each other. Stokely, watching the Spectacle, and not where she's going, runs DEAD SMACK int
4) 35) text: The girl reaches over and SLAPS the boy. The boy doasn't miss a beat. He SLAPS her back. But she's ready...she SLA him back harder, Marybeth turns down another corridor, Passing STUDENTS, TEACHERS...her eyes wander to... A tall leather clad guy with hellish good looks. This is ZEKE. A second year senior, Troubled and aware. He stands dn a gircle of YOUNG TWERPS. ‘The CAMERA loses Marybeth a fellows Zeke as he leads the twerps inte the boy's bathro insida, he pulls a small Bic pen from his pocket, only th ink has been removed. tt contains another substance, -
4) 37) text: Students come and go around a door marked FACULTY LOUNGE cor TO:
5) 0) text: THE BELL RINGS. - STUDENTS make their way to class. Pacey rockets down the hallway, moving to his lecker. Behind hi MOLLY appears. She's a young girl, pretty in a no~one-wil notice-for-years kind of way. . (CONTINUED )
8) 0) text: A late fall breeze blows through a courtyard of outdoor tables where students eat lunch and congregate. The young angry couple from earlier are against a wall, SCREAMING a e@ach ather, erRL Fuck you!
9) 0) text: Off in a comner, a GROUP OF STUDENTS chill, smoking cigarettes. Off alone, sits Stokely on a ledge smoking a cigarette and reading her book. She cringes to see Marybe approaching.
10) 35) dialog: What's pelagic? (from the back of the room) A sea dwalling organism. Marybeth turns te Zeke, surprised by his knowledge.
10) 38) text: ro FURLONG ° ! ' It could happen. New species are’ | discovered every day. Don't bea . I skeptic, You're too young. . Zeke breaks through the students, shoving Pacey aside, leaning intg the microscope.
10) 60) dialog: Yeah, you don't wanna drown At. That's sold, dude. ‘(CONTINUED )
13) 0) text: THE BELL RINGS. School's out as students come barreling o the doors of Jefferson High. . .
23) 0) text: The morning sun shines high over the achool as STUDENTS arrive to campus, ' “cor TO:
24) 0) text: Pacay and his dad pull up to the front of the school. Pac sits in silent terror. A moment as the car idles. student gome and go around then,
25) 3) text: Racey moves thraugh the library. He “Tamedtately sees ; M Olsen behind the ¢ircylation desk. He moves behind a kook shelf, eyeing her. He goes unnoticed. He eyes the card eatalog. Study hall STUDENTS move about, Pacey ducks behind a row books. He peexs between the book shelf to see Mrs. Olson status quo. Then, he moves turns his attention to the car catalog file that sits nearby. He takes a deep breath and moves for it. Once there, he scans the catalog, finds the letter "I" an pulls the entire drawer from the card catalog, He high ta it behind a shelf of books. He sinks to his knees and fli through the drawer. - .
26) 0) text: Several students sit in chairs lined up outside of the principal's office. The SCHOOL SECRETARY moves about behi the office counter. A lady in her fifties. Stan enters and approaches the counter.
28) 19) text: ’ STOKELY And Tina's class president. Come to think of it, they started with all the class officers, student council memberse.s PACEY . They're starting with the most influential and working their way down.
29) 4) text: Play cool. They pass Mr. Tate who walks by them. He eyes them, start ta stop but continues on. - They approach the students standing in line.
65) 0) text: The CAMERA comas upon TWO GIRLS waiting in line at the water fountain. A sea of students.