4) 35) text: The girl reaches over and SLAPS the boy. The boy doasn't miss a beat. He SLAPS her back. But she's ready...she SLA him back harder, Marybeth turns down another corridor, Passing STUDENTS, TEACHERS...her eyes wander to... A tall leather clad guy with hellish good looks. This is ZEKE. A second year senior, Troubled and aware. He stands dn a gircle of YOUNG TWERPS. ‘The CAMERA loses Marybeth a fellows Zeke as he leads the twerps inte the boy's bathro insida, he pulls a small Bic pen from his pocket, only th ink has been removed. tt contains another substance, -
4) 36) dialog: Five bucks a pop. . The twerps pull their money out as Zeke hands over severa wr BCD holding them uP to their nostrils, SNORTING LOUDLY. : . The pens’ contents, a hack drug, takes hold-of them quick ' ag they all start tweakin'. Zeke pockets the cash, smil as the CAMERA RISES UP AND OVER a bathroom stall to revea Pacey, sowering alone in the stall, stuffing toilet paper his bleody nose, The CAMERA moves in close to him as he desperately tries not to cry. oe Welcome to Jefferson High. END TITLE SEQUENCE.
6) 2) dialog: XZ wouldn't wanna be Crusoe, Miss Harper. (CONTINUED)
6) 10) dialog: I just wouldn't want to live without a body next to ma. How ‘baut you? fortable. She shys away.
6) 12) dialog: Tell you what, Miss Harper, don't you answer that. Just think about it. geke saunters off as Miss Harper stands flustered, wishin she could handle certain situations better.
8) 9) dialog: Hey, shit bubble, what's up? Pacey tries to remain calm.
8) 11) dialog: er ga Tetle-testless and. “Ehought =X neaded a torture fix.”
8) 14) dialog: If you look close, the one in the middle isn't wearing a bra. Here's what I want you to do. Suppress every homosexual tendency in your bedy and go over there and rip the girl's shirt off and expose “her breasts. Pacey smirks. : ‘“
8) 19) dialog: Den't do this, Pacey--you know I'ma second year senior with a deep-rooted “apply myself" issue-~despite. extremely high SAT scores.
8) 21) dialog: Also I revel in a big fish-little pond scenario, and for various other psychological reasons that deal mainly with mom and dad--I'1l probably elect a third year. .Which means, ~-listen up--that I will spend each and every day of this year and next torturing you i “hr atvery-slow subtle fashion. “which is completely unnecessary if you would simply walk over there and.give us some tits. . Pacey is completely petrified of this guy. di . . . PACEY L } come on, man, I can't do that. Don't oo make me. v Zeke grabs hold of Pacey's neck and begins to squeeze t life from it. ZEKE . . I'm not making you do anything. It's all about choices. -
10) 24) text: Hey, grungehead, pass me the scope thera. THE BELL RINGS. The remainder of the class wanders in. Including Zeke. Marybeth eyas him instantly.
10) 38) text: ro FURLONG ° ! ' It could happen. New species are’ | discovered every day. Don't bea . I skeptic, You're too young. . Zeke breaks through the students, shoving Pacey aside, leaning intg the microscope.
25) 34) dialog: Guys, the doctor is in. They lock at him, their behavior a little: abrupt. - FUCKUP #1 . Rah, dude, gonna chill. . .
25) 38) dialog: And you're Marybeth from Atlanta.
25) 41) dialog: I'm ppposed to homework actually. I just . . believe there are some > things you have to : know.
25) 43) dialog: I'm cursed.
25) 45) dialog: Yeah. _ ~ She smiles at him. They continue on, flirting.
30) 0) text: Zeke moves down a walkway towards the parking let. Class still in progress. Nearby in a practice field a little football scrimage is taking place. The cheerleading team off to the side practicing their cheers for tonight's gam Zeke eyes them. The cheers seems very unenthusiastic. The foothall plays seem soft and slightly unreal. Zeke watche not quite sure’ what is wrong with the picture when...
30) 1) text: Zeke sping azound. “ It's Mc. Furlongs—*—"* . ~
30) 3) dialog: Hey...Mr. Furlong, wall that’s a good question. I wasn’t feeling well and the horse said I could go home.
30) 6) dialog: Yeah, I think it's a bug going around. .
30) 8) dialog: Yeah.,.seeya, Mr. Furlong. Zeke turns away, not leoking back. If he did, he would se Mr. Furlong's body shift in the most bizarre way. He lung Loward Zeke, grabbing him, spinning him. around, throwing up against the wall. Zeke is caught off guard, he tries to pull free but Mr. Furlong has him pinned. Zeke struggles but then sees-Mr. Furlong’s face contort as little bubbles rise up under hi facial skin as if something crawled underneath. (CONTINUED )° OO ——
30) 20) text: They spin around to find Zeke behind them. “He's shaking in control.
30) 21) dialog: Take my advice guys. Get the fuck outta ‘Se
30) 23) text: Zeke moves to his-car.
30) 33) dialog: {from the car) Get in, Jesus Christ! te -
31) 0) text: A nice affluent house in the nice part of town. Zeke's ca is parked in the driveway. cur TO:
31) 1) text: kT. BACKYARD - SAME Zeke and the others move across the yard to a converted garage in back. -
31) 3) dialog: .My dad makes shit. And so do I... Zeke leads them to a back corner, hits another light revealing... A, Laboratory. * ze is own, private pharmaceutical company. with lab equipment and other materials.
31) 12) dialog: Most of it came from school.
31) 14) dialog: Europe. I think. Pacey notices a hand gun sitting on one of the tables. He motions to the oth: Zeke heir look.
31) 18) dialog: It's called a gun. - cur Tor |
32) 3) dialog: Will you shut up? Zeke is fast at work, he observes the worm under a lighte wicroscops, inspacting it with a steal pick.
32) 4) dialog: It's incomplete.
32) 6) dialog: This is just part of something else. It's not an individual organism. It can't survive on it's own. It's part of a greater organism. Y PACEY . You mean like a bigger worm? .” (CONTINUED)
32) 14) dialog: Yeah, I've never seen anything like it. It has the ability to replicate but it must hava water. uf - Pacey thinks for a second.
32) 20) dialog: Single celled tissue thrives best in hormonally active organs.
32) 22) dialog: My drug confused it. The stimulants aggravated the hormones that were functioning for the alien tissue and killed Mr. Furlong. Zeke picks at the worm with his lab instrument. They crow ayound. - : ZEKE ‘fy Sea, it has it's’ own cerebral tissue but it doesn't have a brain. It acts as a t+xanslator and can control and manipulate. But to know anymore, you would have to find it's parent. organism.
32) 39) dialog: Then we'll-just have to wing it. They all stare at each other.
32) 96) dialog: What are you afraid of Stan? Stan stares at all of them. ZEKE (cont'd) We all do it.
32) 104) dialog: - Easy, boy. . Pacey tastes it a bit. His eyes bug slightly and he hands back to Stan, leoking as confused as someone who's taken drugs for the first time.
32) 105) dialog: Next down the line. He brings it to Marybeth. MARYBETE ‘: I'm sorry, I do not succumb to peer pressure. I do not do drugs. I don't even drink. "SERB . I know Marybeth, but you have to do it. Just this once. . ‘: (CONTINUED }
32) 112) dialog: (thinking about it) Iocan't get high on my own supply, man.
32) 117) dialog: Nothing's wrong with him you asshole, he's tweakin', let him tweak, Stan aims the gun at Zeke.
32) 119) dialog: Youx turn. “The vasera cupositions as Stan takes the pen. Stan eyes zeke for any change in his physical, then short the pen powder. He rubs it around in his nose. Zeke motions for Stan to give him his gin back.
32) 129) dialog: - (shrugs) . Mostly caffeine. Some other household . shit. Your basic undex the sink ingredients. . Stokely takes the hit. She sucks it in strangely. It pock itself in her sinus and she can't get a feel for it. she hands the pen to Marybeth. .
32) 136) dialog: {smiling a bit, tweaked) Trust me, Marybeth. You won't get hooked on iter: Marybeth takes the Ug and puts it to her nose. She snorts an ermeceree = ts her hand to her The sound is loud in Stokely’ 3 ears She ear to control the sound.
32) 147) dialog: Fuek! Zeke turns to get the gun and it's gone! Pan around and. Pacey has it in his hand and is backing up, aiming it at’ Zeke! Byes as big as saucers. Stokely and Marybeth fly back put of their seats, As Stan thrashed in their direction Delilah is starting to look less and less like herself. — stokely tries ta tear Stan awa’ a tie Delilah, - ut she gripped tight.
32) 148) dialog: Shoot it Pacey! Shoot it in the head: Pacey turns to the creature and fires at what was once Delilah's head. As it explodes, TWO mre heads sprout next to the last.
34) 12) dialog: Mine are kinda dead too. They just keep breathing. She looks at him, a small smile. She appreciates his atte at comfort. Marybeth changes the subject. She pulls a dru filled Bic pen from his pocket. .
34) 16) text: Zeke comes to a stop with what he's doing.
34) 17) dialog: Shit. I don't have enough ingredients for more. . He looks at Marybeth's container.
34) 18) dialog: That's all we got.
34) 21) dialog: We go search out the queen bee. (CONTINUED )
34) 26) dialog: We start at the top. . -
34) 28) dialog: We're a little low on this shit. We're gonna have to make it count.
37) 0) text: Zeke's car pulls up into the back of the lot, behind the County school bus. Zeke quickly kills the headlights.
41) 9) dialog: You tell us. (to Stan) , Are all the doors locked? Stan throws him a ring of keys.
41) 12) dialog: Stop the act, no one's buying it.
41) 18) dialog: Yep. (to Drake) Sniff this. Beat.
41) 23) dialog: Sniff it or he shoots you. .
41) 26) dialog: We do it the hard way. With Mr. Furlong, I plunged it into his eye, and the reaction was instantaneous. STAN ” You stick her and then I'll shoot before it erupts all over the place. Zeke grabs Drake's face, holding it back into the light stream...
41) 27) text: hot PRINCIPAL DRAKE Oh my God, what are you doing? Zeke holds the pen up, ready to plunge. He hesitates. STOKELY ‘ - What's wrong?
41) 28) dialog: Are we sure? Zeke is having second thoughts.
41) 29) text: Yes. we're sure. But Zeke can't do it.
41) 33) dialog: I thought they were fearless.
41) 35) dialog: But how do you know?
41) 40) dialog: What if we were wrong?
41) 46) text: Suddenly, Drake sits up, the hole in her head replaced by long, dancing FEELERS that have sprouted from her bullet wound. Her eyes are rolled back white. Zeke SCREAMS. Marybeth acting fast, rips open her book’ bag, she pulls the large container of SKAT. She opens it and pours it ou all over Principal Drake. Principal Drake's body erupts in spasms. After a moment-- body goes lifeless.
42) 11) dialog: Move it.
43) 0) text: They race inside, SLAMMING THE DOOR SHUT. Zeke and Stan w together, securing it with chain and lock.
43) 1) dialog: We're gonna need reinforcement. Stokely and Marybeth look through the small glass window the door.
43) 9) dialog: It must, it must, it must--how do you know--shit--we don't know anything. Stan appears with metal rods. Practice hoop stands.
43) 11) dialog: We should check all the doors. They're gonna try and get in.
45) 0) text: Zeke and Marybeth are atop the wooden bleachers, checking steel wired windows that line the walls. They look out on the football field. -
45) 7) dialog: They're getting stronger. cur TO:
46) 0) text: Pacey stands alone, in front of a trophy case. A THUMP behind him. Pacey spins around, peering into the dark gym. - “PACEY Who's there? A moment and then Stokely and Stan appear. Zeke and Maryb right behind them. Zeke moves for the door, keys in hand.
46) 1) dialog: I think there's some SKAT in my car.
46) 3) dialog: No. But it's worth checking.
46) 6) dialog: No, you're better off here. I'll be
46) 14) dialog: No--fuck. But if they get me--they'll only get me--you guys will still have a chance. :
46) 16) dialog: Don't let your newfound BRAVEHEART skills make you stupid.
46) 18) dialog: (almost a whisper) Seeya soon, Marybeth of Atlanta. And with that, Zeke's gone. The door SLAMS SHUT. Pacey an Stan re-secure it as Marybeth calls after him.
47) 0) text: Zeke races through the drenching rain. He looks about, there's no sign of anyone anywere. He crosses the pavemen to his car. He slips inside.
48) 1) dialog: Fuck. a, Oe eo (CONTINUED )
51) 0) text: Zeke walks amongst rows and rows of school buses. He keep looking behind him, watching his back. The rain has stopp but the night wind whistles between the buses. It's very creepy. Suddenly, he hears FOOTSTEPS. He looks down under the bus Sees nothing. He spots his car, moves to it. He goes “straight for the trunk, pops it open. Looks inside. He withdraws two Bic pens. It's better than nothing. He pockets them when he hears VOICES.
51) 1) text: He turns looks at the end of a school bus. A COUPLE are fighting. He moves closer, coming upon a SCRUFFLE between Mr. Tate and Miss Harper. He has her pinned to the side o the bus. She SCREAMS IN TERROR. Zeke moves for her. It's obvious Mr. Tate is in the proce ef converting her. He races to help.
52) 0) text: Zeke comes upon the struggle. He throws Mr. Tate off Miss Harper and grabs her by the arm. She looks up, surprised.
52) 3) dialog: Hurry! Zeke grabs her and they move to his car.. He throws open door and Miss Harper jumps in, followed by Zeke just as M Olson appears. She grabs Zeke. He wrenches her off him. H hops in, starts it up, turns to see Olson recovering. His window is open--he begins to roll it up.
52) 5) dialog: Fuck!
52) 6) text: Zeke spins the car around and heads back the way they cam Mrs. Olson, stands, watching them go, nursing his fingerl hand. Thin feelers whipping about in the knuckle slots.
53) 0) text: Zeke careens the car out of the parking lot and down the school driveway entrance. . ZEKE (cont'd) oy ‘(to Harper) : You okay? The Fingers under the seats sprout feelers and become wormlike. Miss Harper's hysterical.
53) 2) text: We've been invaded by aliens.- The fingers crawl towards zeke's feet.
53) 10) dialog: I know it sounds nut but we have to find the mother alien and kill it. The Worms start up Zeke's leg.
55) 0) text: Zeke slides the car into park. He glances out all of the windows cautiously, then opens his car door. He glances to see if anything is stuck in his rear tire. black as night back there. He reaches into the back seat for a flashlight.
56) 0) text: The camera pushes in towards his open door. Zeke leans ou and flashes the light past camera.
56) 1) text: Nothing there. He flashes the light up a little higher. Nothing. He hears a thump. He flashes the light back down at the tire. Miss Harper's head is there where it wasn't before. It's severed but st moving from it's neck stump, being pushed along by it's o means of propulsion. Her face contorts with each movement evil rasp emanating from her slack mouth. Zeke reaches around with his free hand and gently shifts car into REVERSE. He backs up rough and short, just enough to crack Miss Harper's head open with a sick POP. The blood and gore st out from under the tire, as easily as if he'd crushed a g pea. He slams the car back in drive as he closes the door and there is Miss Harper's HEADLESS BODY standing in front of him, lit sickly by the white hot headlights. He blasts past her as she headlessly watches him scream, her fingers streaking blood across his window as he goes. Leaving her to wander headless in the night.
62) 24) dialog: ‘Hello? Stokely steps out. (CONTINUED)
62) 32) dialog: What's going on?
62) 34) text: Zeke stands between the two, not knowing who to trust. He whips back and forth between the two.
62) 36) dialog: Answer me something, Marybeth. Why are you naked? ” Marybeth eyes him. She steps more into the light.
62) 43) text: . MARYBETH (cont'd) Her world had collapsed in Atlanta and she was looking for a new home. Very much like me. I really like my new body, Zeke. Do you like it? You must. You ruined it for everyone, Zeke. When you gave me the fake drug test--that was _ sweet of you to bond with me. It was so typical of your species. So smart but utterly incompetent. Will it work again, Zeke? Do you like what you see? Zeke can't help but stare at Marybeth's breasts as she ru her hand along them, tracing them sensually. She takes a step towards him.
62) 44) dialog: You fuckin' stay back.
62) 48) dialog: Let's get the fuck outta here.
62) 58) dialog: Take it. Pacey takes it. ZEKE (cont'd) No, sniff it.
62) 61) dialog: No, I'm not taking any fucking chances. I leave for five minutes and everyone's a fucking alien. Now if I have to MEN IN BLACK your ass--you're gonna fucking sniff this. They don't have time to waste. Pacey grabs it, sniffs it.
62) 63) dialog: Where is it?
64) 8) dialog: Is it over?
64) 11) dialog: I think. it's time to read another kook.
64) 14) dialog: If you don't know--what dees it matter? They look at each other. . Intensely. Geke's last words echoing. EXT. JEBFERSOS HIGH SCHOOL — DAY _ . Another school day STUDENTS come and go. The school is