22) 0) text: Precipitously surrounded by the brutal mountains. Shatter splashes of color -- blue agave and yellow chaparral, and of the blue-black mountains are almost orange in the sun. ANOTHER ANGLE ACROSS Jessup in T-shirt and khaki shorts, talking while they climb. Making their way up the mountai carries a Sony tape recorder. Eccheverria is holding samp leaves and roots --
22) 1) dialog: (while climbing) — the mushrooms are almost certainly certainly amanita muscaria, a very powerful psychedelic and a little dangerous. It contains some belladonna alkaloids, atropine, scopolamine. The sinicuiche plant is highly regarded among a number of Indian tribes. I've seen it as far north as Chihuahua. It should be especially interesting for you. The Indians say it evokes old memories, even ancient ones. The Hinchis call it the First Flower.
22) 4) dialog: They seem like agreeable people.” ” 47 EXT. THE HINCHL HOME VALLEY - DAY 48 Moving slowly across the plateau like cotton-pickers, the Hinchi tribe, all sixty of them, in their loincloths and cotton shirts and print dresses, are filling their burlap bags with mushrooms, branches of small slender trees, leaves, petals, seed pods and white tuberous roots, the last of which have to be dug out of the ground with bare hands.
23) 0) text: A SHOT or TWO showing some of the HINCHI TRIBE sprawling around their shacks and tents, swigging corn beer and getting smashed. A couple of mangy dogs lope in and out of view. ACROSS THREE CHOSEN WOMEN in their shapeless cotton dresses, squatting and kneeling, grinding roots and buds and leaves and petals into varying degrees of fineness. In b.g., the BRUJO'S shack, a ramshackle clapboard shanty with a shaky overhang held up by two rotting pilasters. Around a fire in a little clearing in front of the shack sit Jessup and Eccheverria and FOUR ESCOGIDOS, the chosen men. 50 ACROSS the men. around the fire with the shack in b.g. thru from which the fifth escogido, the man of power, the 56 BRUJO, is emerging, carrying a small burlap bag. He is a shaggy old man in his late 60's, whose earlier con- tact with white civilization is affirmed by the shape- less gray single~breasted jacket he wears, the white like-the fringes of a prayer shawl. The fire they are all sitting around is actually a primitive hearth ground. Jessup has his notebook out and is putting a fresh cassette into the tape recorder -- The Brujo smooths out the small blanket lying near the fire and then begins to empty his burlap bag item by item and, spacing them with some ceremony on the blanket. The first item is a hunting knife, nearly a foot in length and glistening blue in the fading afternoon sunlight; then a soft, brown leather pouch; with age, from which he extracts the ceremonial pipe, a dark-reddish stem about ten inches long and a blackened bowl. Before placing each item on the blanket, the Brujo addresses the four directions with the object, chanting in a low whine. The other Escogidos, squatting and sprawling around the fire, have been and are biting peyote buttons, and they are stoned out of their skulls. Jessup's tape recorder WHIRS and turns. DUSK is now descending quickly; the valley is in heavy shadow now -- (CONTINUED)
23) 1) text: ky. W033 ‘AT 48 49 50 thru 56 50 The Brujo takes the last item out of the burlap bag, thru a bundle of bound, white plant roots. He draws one 56 of them out, splits it down the middle with hia knife till it forms a Y, humming his droning chants as he does. He leans to Eccheverria —
23) 3) dialog: (to Jessup) He wants to know if you still want to participate.
23) 6) dialog: Que clase de experiencia pude esperar mi amigo?
23) 8) dialog: (to Jessup) Your soul will return to the First Soul.
23) 10) dialog: Como es le primera alma?
23) 12) dialog: (to Jessup) It is Unborn Stuff.
23) 16) dialog: Then, you will propel into the Void ~~
23) 18) dialog: You will see a spot —
23) 20) dialog: The spot will become a crack — -
23) 22) dialog: This is the Crack Between the Nothing --
23) 24) dialog: Out of this Nothing will come your Unborn Soul — ‘The last of the sun has disappeared. The valley is in heavy shadow. CUT TO VILLAGE with JESSUP and ELDERS in a procession thr the stone mushrooms toward the BRUJO'S CAVE which they EN (CONTINUED)
24) 2) dialog: He wants you to hold the root. Put out your hand with your palm up -- Jessup edges closer to the old man and sticks out his hand palm up. The Brujo carefully places the root across the flat of Jessup's palm. Suddenly, he separates Jessup's third and fourth fingers and deftly slashes the joint with his hunting knife. Jessup, shocked, screams, He is so startled, he just squats there with his bleeding hand outstretched. The Brujo seizes his wrist and pulls the bleeding hand over the pot. He twists Jessup's wrist so that the stark white root falls into the pot. He holds Jessup's hand over the pot until a few drops of blood fall into the blackness of the ground behind him, shocked and spent, sick with a sense of outrage --
24) 3) dialog: (leaning over him) Are you all right? Jessup nods. The Brujo and one of the other men are now carrying the pot to the ritual blanket. In the night, they seem like monstrous shadows. Jessup tries to examine his bleeding hand in the darkness --
25) 0) text: NIGHT ” ar Nighttime in a valley in the mountains of Central Mexico. Eccheverria, the Brujo, the other four Escogidos, sprawled around their fire, a couple of them asleep. About 20 yards away in the darkness, just on the fringe of the light of the fire, barely visible, Jessup is standing in a bosk of bushes. He is urinating. -- REVERSE ACROSS Jessup as he zips up his shorts and shuffles back to the others around the fire. Eccheverria looks up briefly. Otherwise, nobody notices his return. In b.g., under the overhang of the Brujo's shack, two of the Chosen Women sit in shadowy bundles of sleep. A dog drifts through the bodies around the fire, momentarily illuminated by the firelight. Jessup silently joins the group, sinks onto the ground, lies back and is instantly asleep --
26) 0) text: thru Cheerful bright sunlight floods the valley. Jessup, 65 stripped to the waist, is doing his morning wash from an improvised tin washtank beside the Brujo's shack. He is chatting with Eccheverria who is lean- ing against the shack. Jessup seems in excellent spirits. Two of the Escogidos are still sleeping it off around the dead fire. A third Escogido is off in b.g. urinating. The Brujo comes out of his shack, watches Jessup towelling his face off, ambles over to where Jessup and Eccheverria are standing --
26) 2) dialog: He wants to know if you had the experience that was predicted for you.
26) 4) dialog: El tuvo una experienca que no habio sido predicha.
26) 6) dialog: (to Jessup) thru He says you ate a lizard. 65
26) 10) dialog: He says he saw you, they all saw you.
26) 12) dialog: Estaha usted con mi amigo en su sueno? stares blankly at him.
26) 13) dialog: Tiene usted la abilidad de entrar en el sueno de otro hombre?
26) 15) dialog: He says they all saw you.
26) 17) dialog: El se comio la lagartija en su sueno. 60 thru 65 66 thru 68 41. The old shaman scowls at Jessup and then shuffles 60 off for the bushes where Jessup had returned from thru his hallucination, some 15 yards away. He turns 65 back after a few steps and clearly wants them to follow. Jessup and Eccheverria start after him. The Brujo pushes his way into the scratchy bosk, spread- ing the branches, holding them aside for Jessup and Eccheverria to pass by. After a few paces, the Brujo stops and points to the ground about ten yards to their right. Jessup and Eccheverria turn to look -- ACROSS Jessup and Eccheverria. It is not quite clear just what it 1s that is lying on the ground, somewhat shrouded as it is by all the network of branches and hidden by four dogs who are swarming over it, eating it with the savagery of jackals. Jessup pushes into the thick tangle of bush, a few more paces, followed by Eccheverria. Then, they both stop, as the realiza- tion of what they are going to see strikes them both. They both involuntarily close their eyes for a moment. Eccheverria turns away. The Brujo behind them shouts at the dogs who back slowly away snarling. One of them has the leg of something in his mouth -- JESSUP'S POV. Lying in a gel of dried blood and leaves is the ravaged dismembered torso cf what had been a green crested iguana, terrifyingly legless, the empty white bone of the leg sockets white and flecked with blood. Half the torso has been stripped of its greenish skin, and gobbets of raw flesh and exposed viscera are open to view. Over this, the SOUND of a man wretching, and the shouts of the Brujo keeping the dogs off. The dogs can't wait to get back to the feast. A dog lunges in, grabs one of the lizard legs lying a foot away and makes off with it -- Eccheverria is bent over, holding onto a branch of a bush, vomiting. Jessup has turned aside and is shad- ing his eyes against the sight. The dogs immediately plunge back to the feast. The Brujo turns and makes his way back out of the busnes into the clearing --
27) 0) text: thru Jessup is checking out his gear, his sleeping bag, 68 tape recorder, notebooks. Eccheverria is packing his sleeping bag. In b.g., occasional signs of tribal activity --
27) 2) dialog: I know. 66 thru 68 69 thru 84
27) 7) dialog: We can only ask.