6) 0) text: and Arthur Rosenberg and ALAN HOBART, a clinical psychia- 17 trist in his early thirties, are sharing a joint with a very pretty, confident young woman in jeans who doesn't even look her twenty-four years. Her name is EMILY FULBKIGHT. She is a physical anthropologist. She is our heroine. In b.g., general party activity.
8) 0) text: Emily comes out of the kitchen, crosses into --
9) 0) text: where she stands a moment, surveying the room. We're having Jimi Hendrix on the STEREO now. The room doesn't have too much furniture -- an overstuffed chair on which Sylvia is heavily emplanted, and a sofa, at one end of which Jessup is seated. At the other end of the couch, the Sculptress is sort of making a play for the genet- icist's Wife. There 1s an open space on the couch next to Jessup for which Emily heads, not all that easy a journey since the rest of the people in the room are lounging about on Levantine cushions on the floor or perched on the enormous round coffee table in the middle. 20 10. Jessup seems a bit out of things, distracted by his own20 thoughts. A joint is being passed around. When it reaches Jessup, he declines to puff but passes it along to the biochemist sitting on a wooden folding chair at his elbow. She waits Emily slides into the open seat beside him.
9) 1) dialog: Arthur says you're very shy, and he wants me to draw you out.
9) 3) dialog: Well, what he actually said was you were a high-handed, arrogant prick, a little nuts but brilliant, and that if I ever got you talking, I would find you fascinating.
9) 5) dialog: He says you're doing some work with him and Alan Hobart at Payne-Whitney.
9) 7) dialog: What sort of work?
9) 9) dialog: I'm a physical anthropologist. I'm sweating out my dissertation.
9) 11) dialog: Columbia. ALTERED STATES - Rev. 3/5/79 ii. 20
9) 14) dialog: Yes.
9) 16) dialog: I'm twenty-four.
9) 18) dialog: I'm a whiz kid too.
9) 21) dialog: Thank you. They smile agreeably at each other; they have obviously hit it off well.
10) 1) text: Emily and Jessup walk across campus. They are engrossed in each other.
10) 5) dialog: I have a roommate, we'll be confined to the living room couch.
10) 7) dialog: You tend to slip off a lot.
10) 11) dialog: How about right now? 12.
11) 0) text: Dark. Two white bodies thrashing on the dark sofa. Culmination. Emily thrusts up, burying her face in Jessup's shoulder to avoid crying out. His moonlit back beaded with sweat. She subsides back onto the sofa, opens her eyes -- HER POV - Jessup's transfixed face. His eyes are wide open, rigidly staring into space, entranced.
11) 1) dialog: What are you thinking about? For a moment, he doesn't seem to hear her. Then, the entranced look dissipates --
11) 3) dialog: Well, just so long as it wasn't another woman. Nevertheless, it had been a curious moment and an odd thing to say. She tries to see his face in the dark- ness, finally slips off the sofa and joins him sitting on the floor leaning back against the sofa.
11) 4) dialog: As a rule, do you usually think about Christ and crucifixions under sexual stress?
11) 6) dialog: Were your parents religious?
11) 8) dialog: What happened? I mean, how did a little kid who saw visions of Christ turn into a physiologist teaching at the Cornell Medical College? He looks at her for the first time, agreeably but strangely detached.
11) 10) dialog: Arthur was right. You are a fascinating bastard. 14. 21 thru 23 24 25 26 15.
12) 0) text: Bright, sunny day. Emily, in winter coat and jeans, flusned a cheerful red by the cold weather, crossing the courtyard in front of New York Hospital. She turns up a pathway to Payne-Whitney; we know it's Payne- Whitney because there is a sign clearly marked: Payne- Whitney Psychiatric Clinic.
13) 0) text: Long institutional corridor. A white-coated DOCTOR (aged 45) brings a WOMAN PATIENT down the hall. The Woman is twenty-eight years old, wears ordinary street clothes, a blouse and jeans, but is manifestly mad. She has that razor-sharp look, and she glgsles and shuffles as the Doctor moves her along. A stairway door opens, and Emily enters, pauses by the door to let the Patient and Doctor pass; they disapoear into a room down the hall. Emily heads for the door just before that one.
14) 0) text: as Emily enters. Jessup is already there, standing, observing through the one-way window. He wears a rumpled sports jacket, slipover sweater, shapeless chinos. Through the window, we can see into a family- therapy room where the Patient we had seen in the hall- way a moment before is now being seated on a leather chair, the sort of chair which can unfold back into a reclining chair. Alan Hobart, in a long doctor’s coat, is being reassuring to the Patient. We can HEAR his friendly voice via a speaker on the wall.
14) 4) dialog: (after a moment) Well,.it's settled. Metcalfe spoke to Spencer again this morning, and it's definite -- the job's mine. So I'll be in Nairobi doing my post-doec work iiay, June and July, and, in September, I'll be teaching at Harvard.
14) 6) dialog: So it looks like we'll both be teaching at Harvard in September.
14) 11) dialog: The idea had to come up sooner or later, you must've known that.
14) 13) dialog: A little bit! You're a mad monk, an unmitigated madman. -- So you don't have to tell me how weird you are. I know how weird you are. I'm the girl in your bed the last three months and even sex is a mystical experience for you. You carry on like a flagellant, which can be very nice, but I sometimes wonder if it's me that's being made love to. I feel like I'm being harpooned by some raging priest in the act of receiving God. She would go on but is interrupted by VOICES issuing from the loudspeaker.
14) 16) dialog: -- You're -- a Faust freak, Eddie. You'd sell your soul to find the great truth. Well, human life doesn't have great truths. We're born screaming in doubt, and we spend our lives persuading ourselves we're actually alive. One of the ways we know we're alive is we love each other. Like I love you. I can't imagine living without you. So let's get married, and if it turns out to be a disaster, it'll be a disaster, and we'll shake hands and say good-bye. In the therapy room, Rosenberg is giving the Patient 26 18.
14) 27) dialog: I suppose that's the closest thing to a declaration of love I'll ever get out of you.
14) 29) dialog: Sometimes.
14) 31) dialog: No, I kind of like it.
17) 0) text: Sylvia Rosenberg, pregnant again, rising from the kitchen table where she's been having coffee with Emily, shrieking with delight as Jessup, Rosenberg, (carrying the two-year-old Jessup kid who is erying) Parrish, the groceries, the stroller are all making their way in from the entrance foyer. Sylvia tears across the living room to embrace Jessup, tears in her eyes. Everybody talks at once --
17) 5) dialog: (to Parrish, who is bearing the groceries to the kitchen) Arthur's going to teach at Boston U --
17) 9) dialog: Yeah, terrific!
17) 11) dialog: Listen, we've got a place in Maine you can use for the summer. I'n going to Africa again in June. Eddie'll be in Mexico.
17) 18) dialog: (enters) Eddie, Maggie has fallen asleep on the couch. Will you take care of her?
20) 14) dialog: (to Parrish's girl for the night, a second year med student from Massachusetts General) -~ What differentiates man from the chimpanzee, for example, is that man needs tools for survivial and therefore evolved a cortical structure that could make use of tools -- (to Rosenberg who is thrusting a petition form and a pen at her) Oh, for God's sake, Arthur, you haven't been in Boston a week, and you're already a member of the Committee of Concerned Scientists --
55) 0) text: thru Emily and the kids, browned by a year of African sun. 126 A great deal of luggage, a year's worth, plus cartons and crates and bags -= A Porter wheeling a handtruck filled with just their luggage, heading for the arrival gate where a crowd is awaiting the arriving passengers -- REVERSE from Emily to the gate where Jessup can be spotted among the pack of waiting greeters. Emily points out their father to the girls who break into a run and race to him. 67. 124 He seizes them both, hugs them individually, then to- thru gether, then turns to Emily wno has just come throug 126 the gate and embraces her. / 126
55) 2) dialog: How've you been, Eddie? He takes a moment to answer.
55) 9) dialog: (as she goes through all the above) -- Anyway, don't let anybody tell you baboons aren't occasionally carnivorous. I personally observed two instances of predation which involved the unmistakeable behavior of hunters. A pair of baboons killed young Thomson gazelles and ate them. There was a rudimentary communication between the two baboons that was noticeably different from the usual baboon vocalizations. So I've become fascinated with the work on non= verbal communication being done with apes. I've been corresponding with the Gardners at the University of Nevada. I may just go out and spend a couple of weeks there this summer. I've got nothing else to do except write up my report.
55) 11) dialog: Yes, of course, I did, why? She comes into --
56) 2) dialog: Of course. She pulls up a chair, joins him at the table.
56) 5) dialog: I got a letter from Mason about a week ago, just before we left Nairobi. He says that over the past year you've taken about two grams of that drug yourself and that you had a very unusual instance of genetic regression about three months ago, which he thinks was an incipient neoplastic process, and that you've probably got leukemia or lymphoma. He's been trying to get you into the hospital for a complete workup, but you refuse to go. He's worried stiff that you're cracking up. He thinks you're behaving very strangely, and he begged me to talk to you about this when I got back.
56) 7) dialog: He's worried about you.
56) 9) dialog: Mason is a first~rate doctor.
57) 0) text: ACROSS Emily looking into the living room where Jessup is hunched over by the porch window, trying to read the labels on a stack of audio cassettes by the fading daylight.
57) 2) dialog: Why?
57) 4) dialog: Mason says that you took blood tests, and the lab report showed some characteristics of simian blood group systems.
57) 6) dialog: I'd like to see that data.
57) 8) dialog: Are you serious?
57) 11) dialog: Put her down, Eddie. You're frightening her. Jessup gently restores the girl to the floor. Emily picks up the frightened child. When she looks up to her husband, he is sitting on the soft chair under the lamp, his eyes closed, his face masklike.
57) 13) dialog: Of course. Maybe tomorrow afternoon. Would tomorrow afternoon be all right?
57) 15) dialog: I'm not --
57) 17) dialog: You're screaming.
57) 21) dialog: Two, two-thirty? (smiles nervously) I just want to get Grace. I'll be right back, Carrying Margaret, she goes out into -- 128 OMITTED thru 132
60) 1) dialog: (calls) Grace -- 135 75. The woman turns to her smiling -- 135
60) 3) dialog: I'm Emily Jessup.
60) 5) dialog: I'm in Anthropology.
60) 7) dialog: (forcing a smile on) I'd love to really, but I've got a hungry husband back in the house. (to her daughters) We're going to a Chinese restaurant. The children race back to their house.
60) 8) dialog: We're still unpacking --
60) 12) dialog: Thank you, excuse me. She hurries back down the Street. When she gets to the front path, both kids are coming out of house - onto porch.
60) 13) dialog: (frightened) Is your father all right?
60) 15) dialog: Oh, God -~
60) 17) dialog: Yes, of course. I just want to make a few phone calls -- Let's get inside,
64) 1) dialog: (unlocking the front door) It's eight-thirty, so get washed and changed right now, and I'm in no mood for any trouble from either of you tonight, do you understand? The phone is RINGING inside. She gets the door open, and the kids scoot in. Emily hurries across --
66) 1) dialog: (on phone) Yes, hello... Oh, Mason, thank you for calling. I assume you've spoken to Arthur... No, I just got back from dinner with the kids... Well, I just don't know what to say. I think you're absolutely right. I think he's on the verge of a breakdown, He was here all afternoon and carried on like a madman and then just disappeared. Ordinarily, I wouldn't be this panicky, but I just am --
80) 4) dialog: It's all done. Mason has his car outside --
81) 2) dialog: (sliding into the car beside him) Let's just get you home. It's three-thirty in the morning.
81) 4) dialog: I've got my keys. I had to stop off to get you some clothes.
82) 0) text: Emily steals an anxious glance at her husband, who is sitting between her and Parrish. He seems to be ina state of shock, distracted, oddly placid, lobotomized, staring through the windshield, almost unaware of her or Parrish. EMILY . What were you doing in the tank room? (he doesn't seem to hear her) Do you remember anything at all about last night? Ee stares at her blankly.
83) 0) text: Emily sitting at the kitchen table, sipping coffee and nibbling at cookies from a pox. She looks up as Jessup enters, swathed in a towel-robe, patting him self dry. He makes himself a cup of instant coffee. He seems in a very good mood, excited, exhilarated.
83) 2) dialog: Yes, I think you could say that. 171 172 173 90.
83) 5) dialog: As a matter of fact, I have.
83) 7) dialog: I loved you. He stands, cries out in exultation --
84) 8) dialog: You still haven't told me what happened tonight. He sprawls in the soft chair, seems almost to be asleep.
84) 10) dialog: (nervous ) What the hell do you mean you transformed your matter?
84) 12) dialog: That must be Mason. She sits, frightened by the madness she has just heard. The doorbell RINGS again. Emily stands, starts for the door. 172 173 174
84) 15) dialog: (moving to the kitchen) If he's okay, the rest of us are in a lot of trouble. (pauses in the doorway ) Tell Mason what you've been telling me. I'd like to hear Mason's views on all this.
84) 17) text: Pleasant Sunday afternoon in April. Emily, Parrish, the Rosenbergs lounging on the stoop and perch. Sylvia Rosenberg is nursing an infant. The Jessup kids and the Rosenberg ooys are occasionally seen in b.g. Parrish's predictable views are being ex- pounded by him at the moment --
84) 20) dialog: What worries me is he actually believes his hallucination. I mean, he actually thinks he turned into an apeman. He can't tell hallucination from reality any more.
84) 22) dialog: I called him yesterday morning and last night, and I spoke to him this morning again. He sounds absolutely fine. He's going over to M.I.T. to brainstorm with some physicists on Wednesday. I told him he ought to spend some time with the kids. He hasn't seen them in a year, they've been asking for him. This has got to be the most hideous weekend I ever lived. I'm still not unpacked. My husband has had a breakdown, and do you know the only thing I can think about right now is I've got to place the kids in a school tomorrow morning?
84) 24) dialog: For God's sake, you're not going to let him do it again.
84) 28) dialog: Thursday, while he's with the kids.
85) 0) text: Emily on the sofa, reaching up to turn the standing lamp on. It's still daylight outside, but the room is getting dark for reading. Emily is reading a sheaf of papers -- the blood analysis reports from the Goodman labs. Jessup's notebooks, X-rays and stacks of audio cassettes are stacked on the coffee table in front of her. There is a tape playing now, as she studies the Goodman lab report. It is the tape of Jessup's aphasic experience -=
85) 5) text: 175 176 96. JESSUP'S VOICE (cont'd) 175 Beatitude! Absolutely transcendental! I'm it, and it's me! I'm the hunter now! Itm the killer! I'm killing! I'm eating! I'm eating the blood- hot flesh of a giant goat! I'm eating a goat I just killed! I'm eating a goat! Jessup's voice breaks into a CROAK and some CLICKING NOISES, then a HOWL. Emily lets the tape run just long enough to know there's nothing more. She quickly rewinds and plays the GRUNTS and CLICKING SOUNDS and HOWL again. She rewinds again, plays it back again, listens with the most intense interest -- INT. A McDONALD'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT - 9:30 P.M. 176 The Jessuos, a typical American family in a large dining room of typical American families. ‘It's late; Emily and Jessup are down to their coffee, and Margaret is cranky and whining and Jessup has to hold her. He is talking, and Emily is fascinated --
85) 11) dialog: Do you know, I think that's exactly what you said to me the first night we met, do you remember? In Arthur and Sylvia's apartment back in New York?
85) 13) dialog: (slipping into her own jacket) I've finally made my peace with this divorce, Eddie. It's been a very painful year for me, and I think it would be dumb to reintroduce sex between us. So thank you for what really has been a fascinating day. I'll drop you off.
87) 1) dialog: (on phone) Did I wake you? It's Emily... Eddie, I'm in kind of a wild panic. I need to talk to you -=
88) 0) text: Jessup's Toyota pulls into the driveway, and he gets out, cuts across the lawn to the porch, up the stoop to where Emily is waiting for him with the front door open, They go into --
89) 1) dialog: I don't know how even to put this into words, but I'm beginning to think that what happened to you last Friday night was not just a hallucinatory experience. I've got this gut feeling something phenomenological did actually nappen, that there was some kind of genetic transformation. I don't know why I think that in defiance of all rationality, but Ido. And now that I do, I'm terrified, I mean, really terrified, petrified. 181 99.
89) 5) dialog: I'm suggesting that you put the experiment off until we understand a little more in order to minimize the risk.
89) 7) dialog: You may be causing yourself irreversible genetic damage.
89) 9) dialog: Something monstrous is going to happen.
89) 11) dialog: I'm trying to tell you I love you.
89) 15) dialog: (sighs) Yes, I know how you feel. It's very late, Eddie. Would you like to stay here tonight? I could do with a little love and a little reassurance right now. You'll stay, won't you?
91) 0) text: Emily comes in through the exit door at the end of the corridor, raincoated and shaking her umbrella out.
92) 0) text: She heads up the corridor to the tank room. There is considerable traffic of hospital personnel on this rainy night, all going about their individual bus- inesses. Emily turns into -~
93) 3) dialog: (raw nerves, explodes) What do you mean if it happens, if it-happens! Everybody keeps saying if it happens. Do you think some- thing's going to happen, Arthur? Because if you do, then I think -- I'm sorry, Arthur. ,I'm nervous as hell.
94) 4) text: 191 102. Jessup goes into the observation room to continue 184 undressing. Emily comes down to examine the tank which she's seeing for the first time --
96) 5) dialog: (no longer even & trying to control 191 her agitation) Look, I've got nearly ten. That's more than two hours now. Is there any way we can stop this? I tell you frankly, I'm really frightened. We could be screwing around with his whole genetic structure. How do we stop this? -- SUDDEN HALLUCINATORY BLIP - a WHITE-ORANGE JAGGED 192 FLAME shears diagonally across the entire length of thru the screen, seeming to rip the screen in half, the 195 same JAGGED CRACK that occurred in Jessup's Mexican hallucination. Neither Emily, Rosenberg nor Parrish seems aware of this extraordinary invasion of their reality.
96) 8) dialog: (in full-fledged panic) We never should've let him do it! How did we let him talk us into this! We were humoring him. But we know he's not crazy! And we all know deep in our hearts he may be on to something that is beyond our own comprehension. Because I believe him! I want this stopped! SUDDEN HALLUCINATORY BLIP -=- Suddenly, out of a sable sea, ai enormous VOLCANIC cone of ROCK surges up, ERUPTING with FLAME and boiling ROCK, hundreds of tons of plutonic EXPLOSION, a fantastic FOUNTAIN of ROCK and SCALDING WATER rising two thousand feet into the air --- Again, the others seem unaware they are being invaded -~ Rosenberg clicks on the mike --
96) 10) dialog: Oh, Jesus -- 192 thru 195 196 thru 200 104. SUDDEN HALLUCINATORY IMAGE -- an EXPLOSION, a shat- 192 tering FLASH of brilliant WHITENESS fills the thru SCREEN, Emily, Rosenberg and Parrish are made 195 almost invisible, bleacned out. We see just enough ~ of Emily to realize she is slowly becoming aware of the reality of her husband's hallucination. A high-pitched SCREAMING DRONE of energy. The WHITE- NESS has disappeared. We are back to the reality of the observation room again, except that WAVES of different COLORS pulsate and throb across the SCREEN. Neither Rosenberg nor Parrish seem aware of this or of the SCREAM: but Emily is staring blindly ahead seeing and hearing it all. The SCREAM abruptly stops. Suddenly, over the speaker on the top shelf, we hear a rasping kind of GRUiiT and a series of CLICKING SOUNDS. Emily turns to the two men, her face drawn in panic and pleading --
96) 11) dialog: (almost screaming) Please! Parrish unwinds himself from his sprawled position, stands and goes into -
98) 0) text: Emily, who 1s standing at the one-way window, peer= ing into the tank room, reaches over to hand Rosenberg his airline bag. ‘ie HOLD on Emily just long enough to see tears are streaming down her face,
100) 0) text: -- splashing ankle deep into the room to stop and ~= like Rosenberg and Parrish pressed against the far wall -- gape stupefied at what is going on in the middle of the room. The MASS of SUBSTANCE seems to be trying to assume a form. Stumps of arms and leas, misshapen and mis- placed, BULGE out of the mess and RECEDE back into it. The substance itself changes color, begins to BUBBLE and BOIL as if cooked by an interior fire. It begins to SCREAM a PIERCING and AGONZIED SCREAM. Emily's hysterical immobility is ended by this SCREAM. She splashes towards her husband. The room has become COSMIC BLACK, a BLACKNESS that PULSES with WAVES of force, SHUDDERING BANDS of RADIATION. The room DRONES with ENERGY. The space RESONATES and RIPPLES. Jessup's form, still recognizably human, seems to be caught in a PINCH of ENERGY WAVES and temperature differences, twisting and swirling around him, changing his coloration from LUMINOUS WHITE to FOGGY INFRA-RED to the BURNING RED of ultra- violet radiation to blurred CHIARCSCURO BLACKS and GRAYS of the quality of x-rays. 205 thru 210 211 107. His form appears to be DISSOLVING in SHIMMERING 205 VIBRATIONS into the pulsating waves of energy thru penetraing him. Suddenly, nis body SWELLS until it 210 DISTENDS into a sphere of gas, a shocking YELLOW GAS turning RED, and, as suddenly, collapsing in under the crushing weight of its own gravity. His bowels erupt into flames, rekindling the maniacal CARNAGE of COLORS, now so phenomenally hot he is BLINDING WHITE. He begins to SCREAM again in hideous terror, sinking to his knees as if he were melting, imploding as if he were being sucked into a black hole of his own, Emily flings herself upon this SHUDDERING, increas- ingly SHAPELESS anti-matter of her husband and embraces him. Not fifteen seconds have elapsed since the first explosion. In Emily's arms, Jessup's form THROBS and CRACKS and RESONATES, and he SCREAMS his anguished primal SHRIEK again. His eyes stare blindly out on some existential and unspeakable horror. Then, the fluctuating ex- tensions of matter that still retain the barely dis- tinguishable shape of arms flow out and unfold them- selves around his wife, and they kneel together on the flooded floor of the room, two terrified figures alone in the dense black spaceless DRONE of energy, elutching each other against the horror of human origins. Abruptly, the demented throbbing HUM of entropic forces stons. The COSMIC BLACK recedes as if it had been snatched up. Emily holds pressed against her the now entirely reconstituted naked form of her husband. They remain locked in their desperate embrace amid the wreckage of the tank room. Fragments of the wooden tank are everywhere, the smaller pieces floating listlessly in the several inches of water that covers the floor. Jessup is no longer screaming. There is NO SOUND at ali; the silence is palpable. Emily locks down at the ashen face resting on her breast; he is breathing but manifestly in coma. She turns her own harrowed face to where Rosenberg and Parrish are slowly lumbering to their feet, mutely asking them for help. Parrish sloshes over to her. He disengaszes Jessup's limp form from his wife's embrace and carries it to the door.
101) 0) text: Carrying Jessup, Parrish follows Emily to the door of the apartment, which she unlocks. They go into --
105) 0) text: Mason sprawled on the couch, sipping from a mug of coffee which he rests on his stomach between sips. Emily moves aimlessly arond the room; hysteria is imminent --
105) 2) dialog: You'd hardly call this just a psychedelic experience. She goes into -- 217 218 109.
107) 2) dialog: (sinks into the soft chair) I'm all right, Mason. Obviously, she's net; she is suddenly racked by a spasm of shudders and she doubles forward as if gripped by cramp, her head on her knees, and she cries. Parrish slowly rises, moves to her, places a comforting hand on her back; and she starts to her feet like a frightened doe.
107) 3) dialog: (erying out) Of all the Goddamned men in this world, why do I have to love this one! I can't get him out of me! Do you know how many men I tried to fall in love with this past year? But it won't work! No matter whom I'm in bed with, I have to imagine it's him, or nothing happens! No matter whom I'm eating with or walking with, there's always that pain because it isn't him! I'm possessed by him! It's crazy!
107) 5) dialog: He doesn't give a damn abovt me.
107) 7) dialog: No, Mason, he's a truth-lover, a God-fucker. I was never real to him. Nothing in the human condition was ever real to him. Reality to Eddie is only that which is changeless, immutably constant. What happened to him tonight -- that was Eddie's idea of love. That was consummation. He finally got it off with God. He finally embraced the Absolute, was finally ravished by Truth. And it fucking near destroyed him! (she's on her feet again, yielding to the hysteria) He never loved me! You knew him as well as I did! We were all bits of transitory matter to him! She sits abruptly on the couch, frozen, staring rigid- ly down at the floor. Parrish observes her a moment.
109) 0) text: Emily is stretched out on the couch, resting.
109) 3) dialog: (from the couch) There's sandwich stuff and coffee in the kitchen, if you want anything, Arthur.
111) 10) dialog: (stands, cries out) Please stop shouting! The others subside grumpily. She moves across the room into --
112) 0) text: -- to see if all the yelling has had any effect on Jessup. Apparently not, he lies as motionlessly as he had before. She closes the door, the room darkening. She moves silently around the bed to the window, raises the shade and looks out into the sleeping dark backyards of the houses on the next street. After a moment, she turns to look at her husband. ACROSS Emily to Jessup on the bed. He has turned his head on the gray-shadowed pillow, his eyes are open, and he is looking at her. For a moment, she is immobilized by the fact he is awake; they just look at each other. Then she kneels cn both knees by the bed and examines his long, ashen face.
112) 1) dialog: (murmurs ) How are you? 223 224 225 226 thru 228 1214.
112) 3) dialog: Would you like to go back to sleep?
112) 5) dialog: Would you mind if Mason had a quick look at you?
113) 1) dialog: (to the others in the living room) He's awake. Maybe you ought to have a look at him, Mason.
116) 0) text: thru -- Emily is already sitting up on the couch. She 247 smiles briefly at him, sighs --
116) 1) dialog: Oh, God, I hope it isn't the kids -- She stands, crosses the room, gracile, shamelessly naked except for her almost indiscernible panties, picks up the phone, ending its THIRD RING, perches on the arm of the chair. 116.
116) 2) dialog: thru (on phone; thru 247 listens) 247 Everything's fine, Arthur. He's fine. (to Jessup) It's Arthur. Are you fine? Jessup nods, goes back into the kitchen.
116) 3) dialog: (on phone) I was sleeping... No, I don't know if he's eaten anything... She looks up as Jessup returns from the kitchen, bring- ing her a mug of coffee. She nods her thank you --
116) 4) dialog: (to Jessup) Arthur, the indestructible Jewish mother, wants to know have you eaten anything.
116) 6) dialog: (on phone) Arthur, I'll call you back when I'm more awake. Everything's fine. She returns the phone to its cradle, notes the sun fragmenting itself through the slits of the blinds.
116) 7) dialog: God, what time is it? I should call the kids. Eddie, could you throw that blanket over here? I'm freezing.
116) 9) dialog: Why don't you just come back to us?
116) 14) dialog: Yes, I know.
116) 17) dialog: I think you're trying to tell me thru you love me. 247
116) 19) dialog: I suppose that's why anybody loves anyone.
116) 21) dialog: I'm not being facile! My God, do you think you're the only one who has experienced despair? The only one who has felt the utter nothingness of life? We are all creatures of despair, Eddie! Life for all of us is a flight from the unspeakable terror! Life is an act of faith for all of us! That's why we love each other! It's the only act of faith most of us are capable of! At least, it's the only act of faith I'm capable of!
116) 23) dialog: We all live with it. That unspeakable doubt is what makes us such singular creatures. We hide from it, we flee from it, we succumb to it, mostly we defy it! We build fragile little structures to keep it out. We love, we raise families, we work, we make friends. We write poems, we paint pictures, we build beautiful things. We make our own universe, our own truth, we believe in our own reality. And every now and tnen, someone like you comes along who goes out and challenges it face to face. Passionate men. (MORE)
116) 24) text: 230 thru 247 119. EMILY (cont'd) 230 Poets, philosophers, saints and thru scientists. What the hell do you 247 think makes me love you so much?
116) 27) dialog: (screams ) Defy it, Eddie! You made it real! You can make it unreal! If you love me, Eddie, defy it! He stands immobilized, crying helplessly. His body begins to RUMBLE, CRACK and buckle as if forces inside it were about to break through tne surface. He begins to rapidly change forms, some recognizable, some merely monstrous. He seems to have no more substance than a photograph, a projected illusion, a demented kaleidoscope of instant, transitory, transparent images, flackering madly in the wide shaft of sunlight. The hideous DRONE has become insufferably penetrating. She clutches her ears. She sees a quick fleeting image of her husband reaching out his arms to her for help, dut she is petrified, utterly immobilized. His arms turn into stumps. She finally forces out a hissing sibilant SOUND --
116) 28) dialog: (barely a whisper) If you.love me, Eddie! She is suddenly convulsed herself, clutching at her stomach as some great pain explodes with her. The blanket falls from her shoulders to the floor at her feet. Her arms begin to bulge and swell and discolor. A jagged crack appears on her forearm and shoots up the length of her arm as if it were splitting open. She slowly forces her arm up as if to show it to her husband. It is now a stump, and even that stump is losing its definition as the lines that define it be- come wave-like and seem to melt into the shrieking air. 230 thru 247 120. She feels a massive shock just inside her skull above 230 her eyes. A RED-HOT FLAME erupts from her bowels. thru She seems to be burning alive. Her EYES DISAPPEAR. 247 She would scream except her mouth has disappeared as well. The SCREEN has become total, impenecrable BLACKNESS. Then, out of the blackness, we HEAR a distant echo of a scream, lightyears away in the ultimate blackness. It grows louder. It is no longer a scream; it is now rather a roar of rage, the fury of a raging animal. Light begins to penetrate the total blackness. Forms begin to take shape. We begin to recognize Jessup's human form, flickering in and out of the madness of all his other shapes, reasserting itself. The blackness is all gone now. ‘We are back in the living room of Jessup's flat. He is standing, a completely human form again, naked, as immobile, enmarbled as a statue, stark white. He is staring at his wife, who is disintegrating into the shapeless anti-matter that had been his condition the night before. With a shocking wrench of effort, he takes a step toward her, forcing humanness into himself. One step, two -~ he reaches out to embrace the shapless- ness of his wife. It is instantly, abruptly over. The drone, the lunacy of illusion, the whole shattering moment is done. What we see, standing in the sunlight in the middle of their living room is a young married couple -- a slight, light-haired man of thirty-seven, beginning to bald just a bit but looking boyish at the moment in his Jeans and T-shirt; and a slim, gracefully naked young woman, her face pressed against her husband, her arms wrapped around his waist, a pair of young living humans, standing embraced in the white sunlight of their living room.