6) 0) text: and Arthur Rosenberg and ALAN HOBART, a clinical psychia- 17 trist in his early thirties, are sharing a joint with a very pretty, confident young woman in jeans who doesn't even look her twenty-four years. Her name is EMILY FULBKIGHT. She is a physical anthropologist. She is our heroine. In b.g., general party activity.
6) 2) dialog: Must be some guys in the psychology department doing sensory-deprivation studies. What's Jessup doing with it?
6) 4) dialog: Not till you just told me. Rev. 3/6/79 9. 16 and 17 18 19 20 In b.g. the front doorbell RINGS, and SYLVIA 16 ROSENBERG, who is seven months pregnant, appears in and the hallway, coming out of the kitchen, and makes for 17 the door, calling to her husband:
6) 7) dialog: Well, let's face it, Jessup is pretty flaky himself. Across the three of them down the length of the hall- way to the front door where Sylvia Rosenberg is now admitting Jessup with much hugging and affection --
14) 0) text: as Emily enters. Jessup is already there, standing, observing through the one-way window. He wears a rumpled sports jacket, slipover sweater, shapeless chinos. Through the window, we can see into a family- therapy room where the Patient we had seen in the hall- way a moment before is now being seated on a leather chair, the sort of chair which can unfold back into a reclining chair. Alan Hobart, in a long doctor’s coat, is being reassuring to the Patient. We can HEAR his friendly voice via a speaker on the wall.
14) 2) text: Rev. 26 3/6/79 16. HOBART'S VOICE (cont'd) (on speaker, affable, reassuring) We're going to do all the tests we did last time, do you remember them? Doctor Antonini is standing right here in the room with you, so there's nothing to worry about. We'll put the EEG leads on you now, if it's okay with you. The Patient responds to nothing, stares emptily at the floor. Hobart tells the Technician to go ahead with the application of the leads, which she does. Rosenberg, holding blood pressure equipment, pulls up a chair with an amiable ~=-
14) 20) dialog: Less anxious?
14) 22) dialog: Do you have any special feelings?