72) 4) dialog: Que pasa?
72) 6) dialog: Que clase de animal es?
72) 8) dialog: (mutters ) Carajo. He goes striding up the corridor, unbuckling his night- stick. Ortega follows, holding nis broom pole. Half- way down, they both pull up short because about twenty- five yards in front of tnem, where their corridor is erossed by the B Building corridor, the strange little creature suddenly lopes into view, silhouetted in the diffused yellow light. It rewards the two men a moment, then bursts into a shrill BARK or SNARL, clearly signifying frustration with its situation. It moves off witn startling quickness. Obispo and Ortega break into a trot to get to ==
73) 1) dialog: (pulls out his walkie- talkie, talking as he slowly moves up B Corridor into the set) Charlie, Charlie Thomas, where are you, in the librery?... Who you with? «.-Okay, listen, we got an animal loose in B Building basement, so you and Mingus come over here right away. (MORE)
73) 2) text: 152 153 81. OBISPO (cont'd) 152 We'll be in the north corridor that ~ goes back to the nurses! residence, so you guys come down the other way, and we'll meet you at the door. We'll keep him cornered, but he's a pretty good-sized ape, and I better call the animal rooms and see what he's doing down here. But be very careful because he looks dangerous. And come in fast because I don't know how long we can hold him down here. Obispo and Ortega have reached --
73) 5) dialog: No se. (nods at tne exit door) You think he could've got out that way? Ortega tugs at the door, which is heavy and stuck. It takes all of Ortega's strength to get it open.
74) 0) text: -- where he stops, stares -- ACROSS Ortega to where fifteen yards down the corridor the hideous little creature is battering away at the fallen SCREAMING Sergeant Obispo with the Sergeant's own nightstick. The creature spots Ortega, whirls, and comes charging at the poor man, who bolts for his life down the B Building corridor --
74) 4) text: 161 162 83. The rain has almost stopped. A handful of BLACKS 159 lounge in the doorway of the bar. One of them throws an empty beer can at the dogs slinking down the street. The can misses the dogs, clanks tinnily on the street. The dogs barely notice, slink on, wet, dangerous. scruffy. They pad softly down the street past the row of store fronts. After they have gone about thirty yards, almost disappearing into the dark- ness of the night, a form slips out of one of the recessed store fronts and goes trotting along after the dogs. It is the creature last seen clubbing Sergeant Obispo.