6) 5) dialog: I'll get it, honey --
9) 0) text: where she stands a moment, surveying the room. We're having Jimi Hendrix on the STEREO now. The room doesn't have too much furniture -- an overstuffed chair on which Sylvia is heavily emplanted, and a sofa, at one end of which Jessup is seated. At the other end of the couch, the Sculptress is sort of making a play for the genet- icist's Wife. There 1s an open space on the couch next to Jessup for which Emily heads, not all that easy a journey since the rest of the people in the room are lounging about on Levantine cushions on the floor or perched on the enormous round coffee table in the middle. 20 10. Jessup seems a bit out of things, distracted by his own20 thoughts. A joint is being passed around. When it reaches Jessup, he declines to puff but passes it along to the biochemist sitting on a wooden folding chair at his elbow. She waits Emily slides into the open seat beside him.
17) 0) text: Sylvia Rosenberg, pregnant again, rising from the kitchen table where she's been having coffee with Emily, shrieking with delight as Jessup, Rosenberg, (carrying the two-year-old Jessup kid who is erying) Parrish, the groceries, the stroller are all making their way in from the entrance foyer. Sylvia tears across the living room to embrace Jessup, tears in her eyes. Everybody talks at once --
17) 1) dialog: Oh, my God, oh, my God, you look so wonderful!
17) 4) dialog: Oh, my God, it's been seven years! Since we moved to San Francisco!
17) 7) dialog: (releasing Jessup) I can't believe it's been seven years since we've actually seen you people. 21a. 38 thru ho ALTERED STATES ~ Rev. 3/5/79 22. 38 Rosenberg stands and beams at this jolly scene of re- thru union. The apartment -- the ground floor, three room 4o two baths, kitchen -- is a scholarly shambles. Piles 4 of books clot the entrance foyer and are strewn around the floors in every room. Emily apparently has set up a ccrner for herself in the living room, a bridge table for a desk, a typewriter barely visible among the welter of papers, periodicals, scholarly journals, students! theses, one of which is now fluttering off the bridge table down onto the floor. Everybody is talking at once --
18) 1) dialog: They're getting divorced, you know.
18) 3) dialog: I don't know if they're actually getting divorced; they're splitting up. She and the kids are moving to a furnished place in Cambridge, and that's why the place is such amess. They're moving her stuff into storage tomorrow. Then she's going to Africa with the kids for a year, and he's going to iiexico, and, when she comes back, she’s going to live in Cambridge, and he's staying here. It's him wants the divorce, not her. Listen, I'm surprised they stayed together this long.
18) 5) dialog: She just told me five minutes ago. Rosenberg stares at his wife, then leans out into the corridor and looks down to the kids' room where Jessup can be seen gently covering up his two-year-old daughter with a blanket. yy 42 43 25. ROSENBERG 4. What happened to all those letters she kept writing us how happy they were?
18) 6) dialog: Don't ask me. She's still crazy about him, and he's still crazy.
84) 17) text: Pleasant Sunday afternoon in April. Emily, Parrish, the Rosenbergs lounging on the stoop and perch. Sylvia Rosenberg is nursing an infant. The Jessup kids and the Rosenberg ooys are occasionally seen in b.g. Parrish's predictable views are being ex- pounded by him at the moment --
109) 5) text: I'll be all right. I called Sylvia to tell her not to worry about you.