23) 0) text: A SHOT or TWO showing some of the HINCHI TRIBE sprawling around their shacks and tents, swigging corn beer and getting smashed. A couple of mangy dogs lope in and out of view. ACROSS THREE CHOSEN WOMEN in their shapeless cotton dresses, squatting and kneeling, grinding roots and buds and leaves and petals into varying degrees of fineness. In b.g., the BRUJO'S shack, a ramshackle clapboard shanty with a shaky overhang held up by two rotting pilasters. Around a fire in a little clearing in front of the shack sit Jessup and Eccheverria and FOUR ESCOGIDOS, the chosen men. 50 ACROSS the men. around the fire with the shack in b.g. thru from which the fifth escogido, the man of power, the 56 BRUJO, is emerging, carrying a small burlap bag. He is a shaggy old man in his late 60's, whose earlier con- tact with white civilization is affirmed by the shape- less gray single~breasted jacket he wears, the white like-the fringes of a prayer shawl. The fire they are all sitting around is actually a primitive hearth ground. Jessup has his notebook out and is putting a fresh cassette into the tape recorder -- The Brujo smooths out the small blanket lying near the fire and then begins to empty his burlap bag item by item and, spacing them with some ceremony on the blanket. The first item is a hunting knife, nearly a foot in length and glistening blue in the fading afternoon sunlight; then a soft, brown leather pouch; with age, from which he extracts the ceremonial pipe, a dark-reddish stem about ten inches long and a blackened bowl. Before placing each item on the blanket, the Brujo addresses the four directions with the object, chanting in a low whine. The other Escogidos, squatting and sprawling around the fire, have been and are biting peyote buttons, and they are stoned out of their skulls. Jessup's tape recorder WHIRS and turns. DUSK is now descending quickly; the valley is in heavy shadow now -- (CONTINUED)
23) 1) text: ky. W033 ‘AT 48 49 50 thru 56 50 The Brujo takes the last item out of the burlap bag, thru a bundle of bound, white plant roots. He draws one 56 of them out, splits it down the middle with hia knife till it forms a Y, humming his droning chants as he does. He leans to Eccheverria —
23) 2) dialog: (to Eccheverria) Quierene su amigo participar aun?
23) 7) dialog: Su alma regresara a su primera alma,
23) 11) dialog: Es la Materia Increada.
23) 15) dialog: Entonces, usted se lanzara en el vacio ~-
23) 17) dialog: Usted vera una mancha --
23) 19) dialog: La mancha se convertira en una grieta —
23) 21) dialog: Esta es la Grieta Entre la Nada -~
23) 23) dialog: De esta Nada saldra su Alma Increada --
24) 1) dialog: Digale que extienda la palma de la mano —
24) 5) dialog: (referring to the tape recorder) Esta trabajando la grabadora? Esta fumando tres partes de polvo de honguitos con una parte de polvo de sinicuiche y una parte de pipoloxochital -- 50 thru 56 36. Jessup's body suddenly becomes two bodies. 50 One remains huddled on its knees vomiting; the other thru slowly takes shape outside the first body and then 56 as suddenly WHOOSHES UP into the sky until he is hardly more than a spot, visible only because of a curious LUMINOSITY about him. Down around the fire, the other men seem entirely innocent of this extra- ordinary event. A mangy dog wanders into the ring of sprawling men, sniffs at Jessup's first body, still on its knees; in the darkness a few yards away from the others -- The SCREEN is now a dull, matted WHITE, streaked, as if painted on with heavy impasto wipes of a big brush. The yellow of the lizard slowly leaks out into the whiteness, staining it. Losing its color, the lizard disappears -- On the yellowing whiteness of the screen, a strange pulpy shape appears, fissured and creviced, a grayish blob, recognizable perhaps to biologists as a human brain, which instantly folds and slithers into itself to take on other pulpy shapes, changing into soft, pulsating globules of matter, insinuatingly sexual in appearance, oleaginous in movement; what we are, in fact, watching is a de-evolution of the brain, as it passes backward across the evolutionary continuum through the brain of an alligator, to that of a cod- fish, until it oozes into the primitive, linear ridged nervous system of a worm -- It all disappears -- Another biological dematuration process -- blobs of substance, grayish in color, slowly, constantly fold- ing and unfolding into different momentary shapes, from the curled up, loaf-like cracked and creviced adult brain, oozing into the more simplified shapes of the brain of a 6-month embryo; to the bulging vermiform structure of the brain of a 7-week embryo; a bulbous, shapeless thing; turning into -- finally -- the brain of a 3-week embryo, hardly more than a hose-like structure with something stuck in its gullet, the bulging tip of a prosencephalon hanging down at the end of the thick snake-like thing as if it were ashamed -- The SCREEN, all of everything, begins to get DARKER and DARKER until everything, all of the SCREEN, is silently, impenetrably BLACK -- Infinitely down below a tiny flickering spot, per- haps the last conscious image of the fire Jessup had been sitting around -- Then ~~ suddenly -- an unbearable, blinding FLASH of pure white light incandesces the entire SCREEN a fraction of a second of explosion of pure energy -- Then, it is all BLACK again -- 50 thru 56 37. Enormous FLAMES, unbeiievably hot, out of which 50 emanate sudden, violent EXPLOSIONS and flares -- wee Suddenly, one of these white-orange flares zigzags across the flaming face of the SCREEN, like a crevasse opening up in arctic ice -- Suddenly, nothing is left to see but this jagged crack stretching obliquely up and across the SCREEN, as if the screen were about to crack open -- Everything else is BLACK -- The crack is flaming red, then purple, then blue -- A violent series of sudden images, none of which last longer than a second -- A flaming cloud of gases, hydrogen and helium, WHOOSHES across the black screen at 90,000,000 mph, throbbing as it cools and contracts with gravity -- another such cloud -- another ~- A huge spiral-shaped cloud WHOOSHES across the SCREEN, condensing into blue, condensing into trillions of stars, an embryo galaxy -- A blue cloud of gases, now getting hotter and hotter and redder and redder as its trillions and trillions of atomic bits crush in on each other because of their mutual gravitational attraction -- the cloud is now a flaming ball -- a star, a sun. At the eritical level of 20,000,0000F. it ignites and burns -- nuclear EXPLOSION follows nuclear explosion -- One of the spiral arms of the Mikly Way galaxy -- the swirling tendrils of the primal mist -- a water molecule freezing into a crystal of ice -- a flaming yellow globe-like mass, the sun, Surrounded by an iridescent halo of ice crystals and grains of rock or iron ~- the coalescence of small fragments into a larger fragment as the central fragment sweeps its neighboring fragments into its &ravitational pull -- An endless expanse of cold, airless, waterless rock -- It begins to leak bubbles and beads of boiling radio- activity -- a cloud of yellow sulphurous steam -- A falling of yellow rain -- A silent, sable SEA of water, motionless, fills the
25) 0) text: NIGHT ” ar Nighttime in a valley in the mountains of Central Mexico. Eccheverria, the Brujo, the other four Escogidos, sprawled around their fire, a couple of them asleep. About 20 yards away in the darkness, just on the fringe of the light of the fire, barely visible, Jessup is standing in a bosk of bushes. He is urinating. -- REVERSE ACROSS Jessup as he zips up his shorts and shuffles back to the others around the fire. Eccheverria looks up briefly. Otherwise, nobody notices his return. In b.g., under the overhang of the Brujo's shack, two of the Chosen Women sit in shadowy bundles of sleep. A dog drifts through the bodies around the fire, momentarily illuminated by the firelight. Jessup silently joins the group, sinks onto the ground, lies back and is instantly asleep --
26) 0) text: thru Cheerful bright sunlight floods the valley. Jessup, 65 stripped to the waist, is doing his morning wash from an improvised tin washtank beside the Brujo's shack. He is chatting with Eccheverria who is lean- ing against the shack. Jessup seems in excellent spirits. Two of the Escogidos are still sleeping it off around the dead fire. A third Escogido is off in b.g. urinating. The Brujo comes out of his shack, watches Jessup towelling his face off, ambles over to where Jessup and Eccheverria are standing --
26) 1) dialog: Obtuvo la experience predicha?
26) 5) dialog: (smiles briefly) El se comio una lagartija. 60 thru 65 The Brujo yo.
26) 9) dialog: Yo lo vio comerse la lagartija. Todos lo vimos comerse la lagartija.
26) 14) dialog: (to Jessup) Yo lo vio. Todos lo vimos.