2) 19) text: That draws a laugh from her friends.  The entourage heads for the bar. CHARLIE SKLOARIS, twenty-three, steps in front of the debutante, blocking her path. She steps to the side.  Charlie steps with her.  Charlie' pushing it, he's always pushing it.  She's not amused. Finally, Charlie lets her pass.  He comes up to Nick.
2) 20) dialog: Typical New York woman, big attitude, small apartment, no tits.
2) 21) text: Only two things count to Charlie:  his job and his women, but not necessarily in that order.
2) 22) dialog: I think she got to you, pappy.
2) 24) dialog: (glancing at the door) Still, you gotta wonder how she'd look in handcuffs.
2) 25) text: Nick, wary, eyes this kid.  Charlie shrugs, spreads his arms defensively.  The SOUND of pounding on the front door.
2) 29) text: They down their drinks, then set them down. Charlie pulls out the Binaca, offering Nick a spritz, but Nick is already pulling out his POLICE BADGE and hanging it around his neck.  Charlie quickly follows suit.
2) 40) dialog: Whoa -- where do you think you're going, hotdog.
2) 41) text: Cavello butts him with his head, sending Charlie to the floor.  Then, crosses his arms in front of his face and plunges through the WINDOW. Nick, not missing a beat, gives a small sigh as he follows.
3) 0) text: Nick, short of breath, chases Cavello down the residentia street, past the dog-walkers, past the doormen, past the fur-coated women climbing out of taxies... Unfortunately, Cavello has a good half block on him. From nowhere, Charlie blasts past leaving Nick a half block behind, silently cursing his age.
3) 2) dialog: turns to see Nick, hands on knees, gasping for air.
4) 0) text: Now in their street clothes, Charlie and Nick stand in front of the mirrors.  Charlie is working his brush and hair dryer as if his life depended on it.  Nick, in contrast, shoves his hair back with his fingers and glowers at himself in the mirror.
4) 1) dialog: (over the dryer) ... It's not like you were slow or anything... I think you did just fine.  I think you did great.
4) 4) dialog: Hey, hey, where you goin'?
5) 0) text: Nick strides out the door.  Charlie hurries after him.
5) 1) dialog: Wait up.  You know the guy who did the Weismuller through the window --
5) 3) text: Charlie trails Nick to his motorcycle:  a Harley hog complete with wide gleaming fenders and twin tanks.  The bike is held together with tape and baling wire.
5) 4) dialog: You know him?
5) 7) dialog: So why dive through the glass for a nickel and dime bust?
5) 8) text: Charlie puts his foot up on Nick's fender to tie his shoe Nick, spotting an ankle holster peeking from Charlie's sock, grabs Charlie's foot.  Charlie teeters.
5) 10) dialog: Let go...
5) 12) dialog: Back-up.
5) 14) dialog: Why?
5) 16) dialog: (looking at Nick's bike) I'll get rid of it when you get rid of the egg-beater.
5) 18) dialog: Nick, let's go hunting.  Bag Cavello.
10) 0) text: Nick, wearing only his pants, is doing a slow burn. Charlie is holding his hands up defensively.
10) 1) dialog: ... I found the goombah... Cavello. He's --
10) 3) dialog: Whoa, I knew you were going to say that.  I absolutely anticipated that, Nick.  But I said to myself, Charlie, Charlie, we can move up on this, so go find Nicklaus... He'll be pissed for a moment, but then it'll dawn on him --
10) 5) text: Charlie looks away momentarily, letting it slide.  He knows he's on sensitive ground.
10) 6) dialog: ... Look... they told me at the Greek's you were here.  I'm sorry, I never imagined...
10) 7) dialog: (buddy buddy) I like her.  She's nice. (lowering his voice) For her age.
10) 8) text: The bedroom door opens.  Connie enters, dumps Nick's clothes on the couch, tosses his gun on top of the pile. Without a word, she goes back inside and slams the door behind her. Nick, pissed, slowly turns to face Charlie.  Charlie shrugs.  Nick's got nothing better to do than go.
11) 3) dialog: What are they doing now?
11) 5) dialog: Who do you think the Jap is?
11) 7) dialog: I don't blame you for being sore. It'll pass when we bag him.
11) 8) text: Charlie, trying to relax, gestures toward his foot.
11) 9) dialog: Whatdaya think?  'Bostonians'. Eighty-five bucks. (lowering his voice) Girls go for shoes.  Second place they look. (off Nick's reaction) Hey, I read it in a magazine.
11) 12) dialog: What?
11) 15) dialog: The Wolf?
11) 18) dialog: Maybe we should do something?
11) 31) dialog: his hand close around the grip of the Beretta.  He unsnap the ankle holster.  The SNAP can be heard across the room Nick's hand closes around Charlie's and squeezes till the knuckles turn white.
11) 32) dialog: (in a whisper) What are you doing?
11) 40) text: Abolofia's eyebrows rise at this development. Nick bolts out the door leaving Charlie in charge.  He's never been in charge before.
11) 41) dialog: (nervously showing shield) Police.
13) 1) dialog: Call 911.  Tell them an officer needs assistance.  Say ten thirteen.
13) 2) text: Nothing from the owner who looks at Abolofia.  Charlie grabs the owner by his collar and shoves him toward the phone.
13) 3) dialog: Do it, you dumb bastard!
13) 4) text: Suddenly Charlie feels something wet at his feet.  He looks down to see that he's standing in a pool of blood from the massacre.  So much for his new shoes. He wheels around, then quickly backs out the door.
14) 0) text: Deserted.  The wail of police sirens in the distance. Charlie has his gun out.  He's drenched in sweat.  Where is his partner?
14) 1) dialog: NICK...!  Shit... SHIT!!
14) 9) dialog: joins the cops as they run down the alley to find Nick getting pummeled. Charlie shoots at Kobo.  Misses.  Kobo turns to see the five cops, guns drawn. Nick, on one knee, spits out blood and a few teeth. Kobo calmly slips the shuto out of his coat pocket and drops it next to Nick.  The blade gleams in the light. That was next.  Nick got lucky. Kobo towers imperiously above Nick.  Their eyes lock.  We hold then...
15) 0) text: CAPT. OLIVER, early forties, walks between Charlie and Nick as they head toward the Medical Examiner's room. Oliver doesn't face Nick as he speaks; no love lost between these two.
15) 6) dialog: Full of what?
15) 12) text: Oliver goes through the swinging doors into the Examiner' room.  Charlie shoots Nick a look.  Nick let's it slide.
16) 0) text: A TECHIE is showing the night's harvest to Charlie, Nick and Oliver.  They're standing over the body of the middle aged Japanese man.
16) 6) dialog: (nervously) I got a tattoo.  Birdie on the ball. We all got them when we finished basic at Camp Lejune.
19) 0) text: Kobo, handcuffed and shackled, is in the center seat. Nick and Charlie sit on either side.  Charlie is holding "Bachelors Japan" in one hand.  Nick's in a sour mood.
19) 1) dialog: ... Nick, you're the one that's always saying you never go anywhere.
19) 3) dialog: What are you missing?  Riding your motorcycle to the nurse's house. That shit is sadder than Ethiopia.
19) 5) dialog: They say we got to turn around and come right back.  That's what they say.  I got a plan.
19) 7) dialog: I call, right?  I say I got the dreaded thirty six-hour Asian shits from some raw clam and we stretch it into three days.  You and I become a driving force on the local Geisha scene.
19) 9) dialog: (grinning) Hey, come on, big guy like you, cop from New York.  You're gonna be the biggest thing to hit town since Godzilla.
19) 10) text: Nick can't help but smile at this kid.  Charlie looks dow at the guide book.
19) 11) dialog: Says here, it's very impolite to touch someone while you're talking to them... (nudges Kobo) Guess that means you can't talk and screw at the same time, huh, hotdog? What's the matter, no -- speaky-the- language?  Understand this:  You will never ever fuck with my partner again.
19) 14) text: A beat, then Charlie reads a Japanese phrase from the book.  A slight facial response from Kobo.  Charlie tries it again.  This time Kobo laughs openly.
19) 16) dialog: Where is the subway station, please.
19) 17) text: Kobo keeps laughing; it's obviously not what Charlie said
20) 0) text: The cabin is now darkened.  Kobo and Nick are asleep.  No Charlie, he's still at his book, and listening to U2 on his Walkman.  Nick rolls over and opens his eyes to see Charlie watching him.  He shuts them hoping to avoid talk Too late.
20) 1) dialog: Nick... You up?
20) 3) text: Charlie removes his headphones.
20) 4) dialog: Nick, have I been a good partner?
20) 7) dialog: I just want you to know... I mean anybody who says you ever took has got to deal with me.
20) 9) dialog: You didn't take, did you...?  You hear things.
20) 12) dialog: (surprised) I didn't know.
21) 0) text: Nick and Charlie, with Kobo between them, are a strange sight in a sea of Japanese faces.  Kobo's hands are cuffe behind his back.  Nick also has Kobo cuffed to his wrist. The cops are rumpled, exhausted, showing two days of stubble.  Kobo looks sharp and wide awake. A pair of attractive teenage girls walks past them.
21) 1) dialog: Whoa.  Nick, we're in paradise.
21) 8) dialog: (extends his hand) Charlie.  Kon-ich-iwa.
21) 9) text: Nagashima shakes his hand.  Bows.  Charlie bows back. Nick wouldn't bow if his life depended on it.  Nagashima hands Nick an official looking document.
21) 12) dialog: (bows) Arigato.
21) 13) text: Nick grabs Charlie by the arm and starts for the customs line.
21) 15) dialog: Hey, when in Rome --
22) 0) text: NICK and CHARLIE make their way through the crowd toward the head of a long line.  They dump their bags on the counter.  The INSPECTOR, furious that they have taken cut in line, barks at them in Japanese.
22) 9) text: Nick and Charlie turn to see KOBO, their prisoner, standing on the other side of the thick plastic divider. The handcuffs are off.  The three alleged 'policemen' are heading out the door behind him.  It was a set-up:  Nick and Charlie have been had.
22) 15) text: Two more policemen arrive.  Nick and Charlie are thrown u against the wall.  Out come the cuffs.  SNAP!
23) 0) text: Fifty identical desks.  Fifty identical phones.  Fifty identically dressed men in white shirts and ties working under the fluorescent lights of this large open room. We GLIDE PAST the rows of desk to find INSPECTOR OHASHI, mid forties, sitting behind a perfectly arranged desk. Ohashi prides himself on order. Nick and Charlie are standing in front of him.
23) 3) dialog: There must be some witnesses from the airport?
23) 20) text: Nick studies him for a beat, then turns away.  To Charlie
23) 22) dialog: Nick, we can't just --
23) 24) text: Reluctantly they head towards the door, passing long rows of bureaucrats, telephones ringing off the hook.  Nick stops at the door, spots a fuse box nearby.  He glances back to make sure no one is looking. Nick pulls out his handcuffs.  Charlie can't figure out what the hell he's doing.  Nick attaches one cuff to the main lever then yanks it down. The lights go out.  The fan's stop; so do the typewriters so does the air conditioning.  Dead silence. Nick attaches the other cuff to a pipe, snaps it shut. Now it's impossible to left the main lever. From the far end of the room:
24) 0) text: Nick and Charlie cross the street.  Charlie's trying to read the name from the piece of paper Ohashi has given them.
24) 1) dialog: ... Detective Ich-iro Matsu-moto. Hey, we're getting Mr. Moto on our side.
24) 3) dialog: First decent idea you've had.
24) 4) text: Charlie pulls out his 'Footloose in Tokyo" book, flips through the pages.
24) 5) dialog: Food... Food, here we go.  Tokyo offers a wide variety of food.  It's best to sample the local specialties, including sashaimi, soba, and world renown Kobe beef...
24) 6) text: Nick goes into a restaurant.  Charlie drops the book, disgusted with Nick's choice.  Charlie reluctantly follow him in.  REVEAL it's a Shakey's Pizza restaurant.
25) 0) text: Rows of post-modern buildings of odd shaped windows and brightly painted concrete walls.  Nick and Charlie are searching for the Japanese cop's building.  They can't speak the language; they can't read the signs; and half the buildings don't have numbers.  It's a nightmare.
25) 1) dialog: This should be it...
25) 3) text: Charlie holds out the paper to a passing man.
25) 4) dialog: Kore?  Doku?  Kore doku?
25) 5) text: The man gestures toward the building Charlie was pointing to.
25) 7) text: Charlie grins, satisfied.
26) 2) dialog: This the right place?
26) 5) dialog: Konichiwa.  Ichiro Matsumoto?
27) 0) text: The jammed streets are barely wide enough to get a motorcycle down.  It's a bad neighborhood, one of the poorest in Tokyo. We spot the small kimono clad WOMAN, clip-clopping on wooden geta, leading Nick and Charlie through this labyrinth.
27) 1) dialog: (looking around) Getting very weird.
27) 3) dialog: Maybe we should bail?
27) 17) dialog: The back room at Lombardi's after the Columbus Day Parade.  Under the bed.  In the mayor's office. Everywhere.
29) 0) text: Hip, younger Japanese are wedged together at the long chrome bar.  The GUYS sport leather jackets and Raybans. The GIRLS are decked out in fifties American party dresse and short cropped hair.  Jerry Lee Lewis wails in the background. Nick, Ich and Charlie are at one end of the long bar.  Ic is drinking them both under the table.
29) 5) text: Ich sets down his drink, pours more sake for Nick and Charlie then for himself.  He's having a great time.
29) 7) text: Nick glances at Charlie.
29) 9) dialog: I don't think he'd feel it.
29) 15) text: Ich polishes off his drink.  An awkward silence.  Charlie wanting to lighten the mood --
29) 16) dialog: (leaning close) Say Ich, between friends, where can I grab some squish around here?
29) 19) dialog: Pussy, ass, soft personnel.
29) 20) text: Ich looks up to see a picturesque, blood-haired American WOMEN in a tight silk blouse and skirt.  She works here and has obviously heard Charlie.
29) 26) text: Charlie extends his hand to Joyce.  She ignores it.
29) 27) dialog: Hello hello, Charlie Skloaris.  New York City.
29) 29) dialog: My partner and I are cops. (lowering his voice) We're on a very big assignment here. (nothing from Joyce) When do you get off?
29) 36) dialog: (brightening) What'd she say?
30) 0) text: Charlie and Nick are trying to help a besotted Ich find a taxi, but no one will take him.  Ich is shouting half English, half Japanese phrases.
30) 9) text: The taxi pulls away.  Nick and Charlie watch it go.
31) 0) text: An early morning wind jostles the red paper lantern and plucks at the tails of dragon-like banners hanging outsid the shops.  Nick and Charlie are walking down this narrow sidestreet on the way back to their hotel.
31) 1) dialog: ... He's a sorry old guy, but I like him.
31) 4) dialog: Now that's the kind of motorcycle I want to see you on.
31) 6) dialog: Nick, how we gonna bag this guy without any help?  Maybe I should work on that girl Joyce, she speaks the language.
33) 0) text: Nick and Charlie are sacked out.  They never bothered to pull the curtains.  THE SOUND OF KNOCKING at the door.
34) 19) dialog: Hey, Ich has been helpful.
35) 0) text: Ich, Nick, and Charlie are threading their way through th crowd toward the subway entrance. TWO BIKERS, their hair slicked back, watch the trio from the top of two different subway entrances. As soon as Ich, Nick and Charlie go down the steps, they climb off their bikes and follow.
36) 0) text: Nick, Ich and Charlie are riding the people mover that stretches the length of this endless tunnel.  They're sandwiched between the legions of SALARYMEN (white collar workers) who all wear identical blue suits and white shirts. Nick looks over at Ich, who is still suffering in silence from the recent humiliation.
36) 6) dialog: You cool, Ich?
36) 8) dialog: You all right?  You okay?
36) 10) dialog: What does Ichiro mean, anyway?
36) 12) dialog: Hey, all right.
36) 13) text: Charlie slaps Ich on the back. NICK smiles at Charlie's remark.  He can't help but like this wide-eyed goofy kid. Something makes Nick's smile fade.
36) 16) text: Charlie spots him.  In a flash, the two men jump the railing and charge after him, leaving Ich in their wake. Ich can't possibly make it over the side.  He furiously shoves his way through the Salarymen, trying to get to th end of the walkway.
36) 19) text: Charlie hasn't heard him.
36) 32) text: A woman SCREAMS. The train barrels through the station. Kobo starts toward Nick.  He's next. A pair of SUBWAY POLICEMEN burst through the crowd searching for Charlie because he vaulted the turnstile.
37) 8) text: Oliver hangs up.  A moment of long distance hum cross talk.  Nick doesn't move.  Pull back through the rows of cops busily working... SOUND FADES. Charlie Parker's alto sax FADE UP as we --
40) 0) text: Nick is hassling a news vendor who pointedly ignores him and continues selling his papers.  Ich appears and apologizes to the news vendor. EXT.  STREET - TWO A.M. Nick's sitting on the curb, his head in his hands.  Peopl step around him. Across the street, out of Nick's sight, Ich is watching his partner, feeling every barb of Nick's shame. Charlie Parker continues over the slow...
40) 8) text: Nick's eyes fall on Charlie's things:  his sports clothes his tour book, his shoes which Ich has stacked on the table.
42) 4) text: Nick spots a folded newspaper someone has left on the counter.  He can't read it, of course, but there's a picture of the subway platform where Charlie was killed, swarming with police.  Nick continues to stare at the paper.
66) 10) text: Nick gets up and goes to the closet.  He slides open the door.  All of his and Charlie's clothes have been neatly hung up. He shoves Charlie's jacket aside.  Something's wrong with the way it hangs.  He pulls the jacket out, runs his hand over the coat, feeling something heavy in the lining. Nick rips the lining open.  Charlie's .32 Beretta and a spare clip tumble out.
71) 0) text: Ich is sleeping. Nick slips into his leather motorcycle jacket.  He drops Charlie's gun into his pocket.  He glances down at Ich, seeing if he's awake.  He's not.  Nick walks out. Ich opens his eyes.  He's been awake the whole time.
101) 3) text: Ich hands Charlie his shuto -- an 18 inch long knife.