77) 0) text: Nick enters, ducking his head in the low doorway.  the shoji slides shut behind him. The furnishings are minimal but elegant.  There's a butsudan, a tokonoma, and a low, long table in the middle of the room.  No chairs.  Nick sits on the floor. A door slides open at the far end of the room.  Sugai, wearing a kimono over western style suit, walks in.  Nick stands up to shake his hand.  Sugai ignores it, and sits in the traditional position:  feet tucked beneath him.
77) 1) dialog: I'll spare you the ritual.
77) 5) dialog: Pick it up.  Look at it.
77) 7) dialog: Seven years work by the finest engraver.  Mass produced, sequentially numbered.  The best there has ever been, Mr. Conklin.
77) 9) dialog: -- Kobo... I know.  He killed two of my partners.  One in New York, one at the printing plant.
77) 10) text: Sugai fills a cup of tea for Nick and hands it to him.
77) 12) text: Sugai hands it to him anyway.
77) 13) dialog: I took Kobo from the street.  I gave him a home, a future... But my ways were too slow for him... I served seven years in prison for my boss when I was a young man.  Kobo wouldn't serve seven minutes for his Oyabun. (sipping his tea) He was supposed to take over this syndicate when I retired.
77) 15) dialog: He'll be dealt with.
77) 16) text: Sugai sets a plastic wrapped object on a table before Nick.  Nick recognizes it from the restaurant massacre in New York. CLOSE UP:  Nick's fingers tear at the plastic.  A block o black iridescent polymer.  The negative image of a $100.0 bill.  A printing plate.
77) 17) dialog: Our associates in New York were close to closing a deal with us.
77) 19) dialog: Yes.  Unlike our syndicates, your criminals don't understand the words 'honor' and 'duty'... We can't afford not to deal with them.
77) 20) text: Sugai takes the plate back.
77) 21) dialog: Imagine if your families could pay their gambling and drug debts with perfect counterfeit bought for cents on the dollar.
77) 23) dialog: Not with these bills.  And even if it only took them six months, do you know what our profit margin would be?
77) 24) text: Nick looks at a child playing near one of the hot pools i Sugai's garden.
77) 26) dialog: The other plate is currently in New York, in the hands of Kobo's man. Find it for me.
77) 28) dialog: I'll pay you.
77) 29) text: Nick laughs at Sugai's audaciousness.
77) 31) dialog: Swiss bank deposit.  Gold bullion. Whatever you want.  You know the city and the police.
77) 33) dialog: You're smarter than Kobo.  You know the price of deceit.  Think about it.
77) 35) text: Sugai cools.  Without a word he gets to his feet and starts toward the door.
77) 39) text: Sugai turns to see Nick, across the room, pointing the Beretta at his head.
78) 0) text: The room where Ich and Joyce are waiting.  Sugai enters. Their surprise turns to shock when they see Nick behind him holding a gun to the old man's head.
79) 0) text: Nick steps out of the house.  He now has one end of a wir coat hanger loosely wrapped around Sugai's neck, the othe end around his wrist.  His gun is pressed just beneath Sugai's ear.  If nick gets shot, so does Sugai. A handful of guards stand in the courtyard, one is polishing Sugai's Debonnaire car.  They spot Nick and Sugai coming, and immediately pull their guns.
79) 2) text: Sugai explains to his lieutenants.  They stand helpless a Nick walks Sugai toward the car.
79) 8) text: Nick slides Sugai in the back seat, carefully reaches ove and shuts the door.
82) 0) text: Western style.  Plastic five foot cacti in front of the western vista on the walls.  A hitching post at the head of the bed.  Cowboy hats and boots at the other end. Sugai hangs up the phone and turns to Nick and Joyce who are sitting nearby.  Ich hangs up the extension.
82) 1) dialog: Kobo will meet me here tomorrow. Ten a.m.
82) 2) text: Ich nods, confirming that what Sugai says is true.
82) 4) dialog: He'll find out you took me.  I'm unprotected.  He'll kill us.  All of us.  You don't stand a chance.
82) 5) text: Ich, knowing Sugai is right, looks at Nick.  Nick flips Ich the gun.
84) 3) dialog: wearing his hat and coat is sitting on the couch, his bac to us, facing out the window. Drop down to --
85) 0) text: Sugai, wearing his hat, is slumped down on the couch whic has been splintered by the bullets from below.
86) 2) dialog: wearing a western suit, is asking Kobo questions in Japanese.  Sugai barks at him again.  Kobo refuses to answer.  Sugai pulls up a shuto -- an 18 inch knife -- from it's scabbard.
86) 3) dialog: (in Japanese) Contact your associate in New York and tell him to hand my plate over to Abolofia.
86) 5) dialog: You have betrayed the syndicate and personally dishonored me.  I would rather the deal fell through than...
86) 6) text: The guards walk over and turn Kobo around.  His back is t Sugai.  Sugai runs the sword across the nape of Kobo's neck drawing blood.  The guards tighten their grip on Kobo's arms.
86) 11) dialog: Abolofia's person has received the plate.  It's done.
86) 13) dialog: (in Japanese) I wanted you to see him like this.
86) 17) dialog: (in Japanese) That's enough.
86) 18) text: Sugai turns away and picks up the sword.  The guards clutch Kobo.  Sugai's going to kill Kobo after all. The girl screams at him to stop.  Sugai's oblivious.
86) 20) dialog: You want him dead too.
86) 22) text: There's a long pause.  Then, something unusual happens. Sugai tells the lieutenant to unfasten Kobo's wrist.  Whe he does, Sugai hands Kobo the sword and demands that he cut off his finger. This is Yubitsume:  the ritual act within the Yakuza of slicing the joint of the little finger to atone for a mistake. Kobo, not believing in this ancient tradition, refuses. Sugai nods to a guard who places Kobo's finger on the table.
86) 24) dialog: (looking at Nick) If anything happens to Abolofia or my plate, detective...
93) 0) text: Kobo's girl, Sugai's daughter, hangs up the phone.  She's been on the other end of the line.
94) 0) text: The door swings open.  Sugai is sitting on the floor.  Th girl is carrying a tray of tea.  Beneath the tray, we spo something else -- the butt of a short-bladed tanto.