0) 15) text: INT. DUFFY &amp; WALSH'S OFFICE Noticeably less plush than Gitte's. A well-groomed, dark- haired WOMAN sits nervously between their two desks, fidd with the veil on her pillbox hat.
2) 12) text: Gittes pulls up a chair sitting next to Mrs. Mulwray betw Duffy and Walsh. Duffy cracks his gum. Gittes gives him an irritated glance. Duffy stops chewing
2) 32) dialog: (a little eagerly) Chief Engineer?
2) 33) text: Gittes' glance tells Duffy Gittes wants to do the questio Mrs. Mulwray nods.
5) 6) text: Gittes walks through his office to Duffy and Walsh's. A l red light is on in the corner, over a closed door. Gittes walks over and knocks on the door.
5) 14) text: INT. DUFFY &amp; WALSH'S OFFICE В– GITTES
6) 6) text: Duffy's VOICE can be HEARD, excitedly. "I got it. I got i He's found himself some cute little twist in a rowboat, i Echo Park."
6) 10) text: He shoots past Duffy, expertly running off a couple of fa shots. Mulwray and the girl seem blissfully unaware of them.
6) 11) dialog: Turns again and they row past Mulwray and the girl, Gitte again clicking off several fast shots.
8) 2) text: Walsh comes out of his office, Duffy out of the other one
8) 9) dialog: Jake, listen.
8) 35) text: Gittes stares down at the papers in his hand. INT. GITTES' INNER OFFICE В– GITTES, DUFFY &amp; WALSH On Gittes' desk. There are empty coffee cups, the summons and complaint, and the newspaper Gittes had brought with from the barber shop. The three men are sitting, worn and silent. Walsh chewing gum is the loudest noise in the room. Gittes looks to Walsh with obvious irritation. Walsh stop chewing. Duffy puts out a cigarette in the dregs of one of the cof cups.
8) 37) dialog: Okay.
8) 39) dialog: I said okay, Jake.
21) 0) text: Sits behind his desk, BACK TO CAMERA, not moving. Duffy s staring at nothing, Walsh moves uneasily around the room. The PHONE is RINGING. Sophie BUZZES.
21) 11) dialog: Then what'll you do?
21) 23) text: Walsh promptly starts to tell Duffy the Admiral Byrd stor
65) 20) text: There's the SOUND of a SIREN. Cross lunges toward her. Gi grabs Cross. Duffy and Walsh are elbowing through the crowd. Gittes se them.
65) 36) text: There's a single GUNSHOT. Both men look surprised. Down t block a uniformed officer has fired, standing beside his  double-parked car. Duffy's sedan slows to a stop in the middle of the street It jerks a couple of times, still in gear, then comes to halt. Gittes rushes to the car. He opens it. Evelyn falls out,  inert. Blood is pouring from her right eye.
65) 47) text: Walsh and Duffy elbow through the crowd.
65) 49) text: Duffy bear hugs the protesting Gittes, along with Walsh,  literally dragging him away from the scene, with Gittes t to shake free. Through the crowd noises, Walsh can be heard saying, "For it, Jake. It's Chinatown."