10) 2) text: He hands the Chinese Butler a card from his wallet. The B takes it and disappears, leaving Gittes standing in the  doorway. Gittes stands, and sweats, watching a Japanese GARDENER t a hedge. There's a SQUEAKING SOUND. Gittes moves a few fe off the porch.
10) 9) text: Gittes is left standing by the pond. It's suddenly very q except for the runnning water. The pond is over-flowing.  After a moment, the Gardener comes running back. He smile at Gittes, probes into the pond. There's something gleaming in the bottom of it. Gittes no it. After a moment, the Gardener drops the long probe, the wa recede.
11) 1) dialog: (to Gittes) Bad for glass.
11) 3) text: The Gardener nods, and is off, leaving Gittes staring at object in the bottom of the pond that is gleaming. He looks at the tool the Gardener was using, hesitates, p it up and starts to probe into the pond himself, toward t gleaming object. He then spots Evelyn rounding a turn, coming down the  trellised pathway. He casually belts the probe, holds ont it for poise. Evelyn is wearing jeans that are lathered white on the in of the thighs and laced with brown horsehair. She's wearing riding boots, is perspiring a little, but l younger than she did in the office.
53) 0) text: Gittes in Mulwray's Buick whips into the driveway. He loo in the garage. Evelyn's car is gone. Only the Gardener's  truck is there. Gittes hurries along the pathway and up to the house. He  rings the doorbell. Scarcely waiting for an answer he tri it. It's locked. He reaches into his pocket pulls out his cigarette case,  takes a pick out of the side and starts to fool with the  lock. The Maid opens the door abruptly, stares in some surprise Gittes.
54) 0) text: Is unsettled. Sees the Gardener working by the pond. He  wanders a few yards in that direction.
54) 1) dialog: Spots Gittes, half-bows, nods and smiles.
54) 4) dialog: Breaks into a big grin. Nods again.
54) 5) dialog: Oh yes, bad for glass.
54) 7) dialog: (continuing) Salt water velly bad for glass.
54) 10) text: The Gardener nods vigorously. Points to the pond.
54) 11) dialog: Velly velly bad.
54) 16) text: The Gardener peers into the pond.
54) 18) text: The Gardener spots it. He rolls up his trousers, gets in pond, and reaches into the bottom, his chin actually touc the water. He misses the object, which seems to scoot away like an  animal. Then he grasps it. He lifts it out of the water a holds a pair of eye glasses, rimless, bent, his finger po through the frame where one lens is shattered. The Gardener seems surprised. Gittes looks at the glasses They are heavily bifocal and reflect the sun.