9) 15) dialog: They shut my water off, what's it to  you?
9) 17) text: Mulvihill moves toward Gittes, shaking with fury. Yelburt steps between them.
19) 10) text: He starts to get into his car but Mulvihill and a SMALLER MAN stop him. Mulvihill pulling his coat down and pinning his arms, holding him tightly. The smaller man thrusts a  switchblade knife about an inch and a half up Gittes' lef nostril.
19) 16) text: With a quick flick the Smaller Man pulls back on the blad laying Gittes' left nostril open about an inch further. G screams. Blood gushes down onto his shirt and coat. Gittes bends over, instinctively trying to keep the blood from getting on his clothes. Mulvihill and the Smaller Ma stare at him.
19) 18) dialog: Tell him you understand, Gittes.
36) 36) dialog: Come on I want you to meet somebody,  Gittes.
36) 38) dialog: (a little uncertain) Yeah, why not?
36) 42) dialog: I'll see she makes it.
36) 43) text: Mulvihill has walked up beside Gittes. He makes the mista of opening the glass door in the entryway, putting his ba to Gittes for a moment. Gittes swiftly pulls Mulvihill's  jacket up over his head. He spins him around. With his ja covering his face, Gittes hammers away at Mulvihlll, beat him against the glass door, along the wall, mercilessly  pounding his fists into the cloth until the cloth turns r and Mulvihill begins to sink to the red tile floor. Palmer screams. Evelyn stands there astonished. Mulvihill gun has clattered to the floor.
36) 45) text: Evelyn goes. Mulvihill tries to get up again. Palmer starts to go for gun, nearly picking it up. Gittes slaps it out of his han and kicks it. It goes flying down the hall, at least thirty feet; hits wall. Palmer goes screaming off into the night. Gittes turns ba to Mulvihill who starts to get up, then collapses. Gittes goes out the front door, ignoring the excited audi of ancients behind him.
63) 16) text: Mulvihill moves INTO VIEW. Extends his hand for the glass Gittes doesn't move.
64) 3) text: Mulvihill tries to clobber Gittes. Gittes elbows him. The car jumps the curb and hits a lamppost.
65) 2) text: Gittes is after him, grabbing him. Cross tries to swing a Gittes with his cane. Mulvihill comes up behind Gittes an the three of them begin an awkward wrestling match, the c scattering, Mulvihill pulling his revolver, trying to hit Gittes on the side of the head. The three men crash to th pavement.
65) 5) text: He bites Mulvihill's hand and furiously pounds it into th sidewalk, shaking gun loose. Mulvihill and Gittes try for but someone else has it.
65) 9) text: Mulvihill doesn't move. Cross rises on his own. Evelyn ho the revolver on him.