0) 15) text: INT. DUFFY &amp; WALSH'S OFFICE Noticeably less plush than Gitte's. A well-groomed, dark- haired WOMAN sits nervously between their two desks, fidd with the veil on her pillbox hat.
0) 17) dialog: (almost the manner of  someone comforting  the bereaved) If you'll allow us to complete our  preliminary questioning, by then  he'll be free.
2) 0) text: Walsh rises when Gittes enters.
2) 1) dialog: Mrs. Mulwray, may I present Mr.  Gittes?
2) 12) text: Gittes pulls up a chair sitting next to Mrs. Mulwray betw Duffy and Walsh. Duffy cracks his gum. Gittes gives him an irritated glance. Duffy stops chewing
5) 6) text: Gittes walks through his office to Duffy and Walsh's. A l red light is on in the corner, over a closed door. Gittes walks over and knocks on the door.
5) 14) text: INT. DUFFY &amp; WALSH'S OFFICE В– GITTES
5) 19) text: Gittes drops it, sits down. Walsh comes in carrying a ser of wet photos stuck with clothes pins onto a small blackb
5) 21) text: Walsh shows him the photos. He looks at them. They are a  series outside a restaurant showing Mulwray with another whose appearance is striking. In two of the photos a gnar cane is visible.
5) 23) dialog: They got into a terrific argument  outside the Pig 'n Whistle.
5) 25) dialog: I don't know. The traffic was pretty  loud. I only heard one thing В– apple  core.
5) 27) dialog: (shrugs) Yeah.
6) 2) dialog: Look, you tell me to take pictures,  I take pictures.
8) 2) text: Walsh comes out of his office, Duffy out of the other one
8) 35) text: Gittes stares down at the papers in his hand. INT. GITTES' INNER OFFICE В– GITTES, DUFFY &amp; WALSH On Gittes' desk. There are empty coffee cups, the summons and complaint, and the newspaper Gittes had brought with from the barber shop. The three men are sitting, worn and silent. Walsh chewing gum is the loudest noise in the room. Gittes looks to Walsh with obvious irritation. Walsh stop chewing. Duffy puts out a cigarette in the dregs of one of the cof cups.
8) 41) dialog: Look, Jake. She gave us Mulwray's  real phone number and address.
8) 43) dialog: No, no. She said not to call, her  husband might answer.
8) 52) dialog: So he says you sent them?
21) 0) text: Sits behind his desk, BACK TO CAMERA, not moving. Duffy s staring at nothing, Walsh moves uneasily around the room. The PHONE is RINGING. Sophie BUZZES.
21) 7) dialog: So some contractor wants to build a  dam and he makes a few payoffs. So  what?
21) 8) text: Gittes turns slowly to Walsh. He lightly taps his nose.
21) 9) dialog: (continuing) Think you can nail Mulvihill? They'll  claim you were trespassing.
21) 13) dialog: Yeah?
21) 15) dialog: Sue people like that they're liable  to be having dinner with the Judge  who's trying the suit.
21) 23) text: Walsh promptly starts to tell Duffy the Admiral Byrd stor
21) 27) text: Walsh has finished off the punch line and both men are  laughing raucously. Gittes drops the mail he's been loafi through and puts his hand over the receiver.
65) 20) text: There's the SOUND of a SIREN. Cross lunges toward her. Gi grabs Cross. Duffy and Walsh are elbowing through the crowd. Gittes se them.
65) 22) dialog: Jake, it's Chinatown. They're all  over the place. You oughta know  better.
65) 47) text: Walsh and Duffy elbow through the crowd.
65) 49) text: Duffy bear hugs the protesting Gittes, along with Walsh,  literally dragging him away from the scene, with Gittes t to shake free. Through the crowd noises, Walsh can be heard saying, "For it, Jake. It's Chinatown."