0) 0) text: Three men in Cleveland Indian baseball caps sit at the  counter. BOBBY JAMES, 22-year-old grad student, VIC BOLIT 30-year-old telephone worker, and JOHNNY WYNN, 45-year-ol house painter. THELMA GORDON, 65-year-old waitress, deliv their breakfast.
29) 2) dialog: I never heard of most of 'em.
39) 0) text: The stands are nearly empty. Of the fans who have showed many wear doormats around their necks. Bobby, Vic, Johnny and Thelma, our four fans from the din sit alone in the vast expanse of the centerfield bleacher All four wear Indian head dresses and have war paint on t faces. The three men each have tom-toms. Thelma works on needlepoint.
40) 58) dialog: Wild thing, You make my heart sing,  You walk everything.
54) 29) dialog: We need some defense here. Maybe we  oughta do a wave.
58) 0) text: Bobby, Vic and Johnny are at the counter.
92) 21) text: The Indians charge onto the field to a standing ovation. In the center field bleachers Thelma's victory blanket  containing the scores of every Indian game for the season hangs from a railing. Bobby, Vic and Johnny pound the tom toms leading the stadium in a monster version of "In the  Land of Burning Waters." Even the groundskeepers join in. Two down in the first. Harris looking sharp so far... Bou ball to third. Dorn up with it.
92) 123) text: The crowd, electrified by Taylor's gesture, remains on it feet. Duke stares in at Taylor, comes to his stretch and  then lets go a steaming fast ball right at Taylor's head. Taylor goes down in a swirl of dust, the ball missing him inches. The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Ta picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again. Bobby, Vic and Johnny are pounding out a heavy beat on th TOM-TOMS. Everyone in the stadium begins to CLAP in uniso with the DRUMS. Taylor steps back in and once again points to the bleache
92) 142) text: Pandemonium breaks loose in Municipal Stadium. Rachel hug Donovan, dances around, punches the air, then hugs Donova again. Everywhere people are hugging and kissing each oth Bobby, Vic and Johnny are going berserk in the bleachers. Thelma sits quietly, a tear rolling down her cheek.