34) 8) text: The glasses CLINK. Suddenly Taylor's attention fixes on  something across the room -- a stunning young woman in he late twenties, LYNN WESTLAND. She's having dinner with a  DATE in a three-piece suit. Hayes and Vaughn follow Taylor's eyes to the woman.
35) 0) text: A WAITER approaches the table where Lynn and her date are sharing a dessert.
35) 2) text: Lynn is somewhat surprised, but gets up to take the call. FOLLOW her to the pay phone in the hall.
35) 3) dialog: Hello.
35) 5) dialog: Jake? How did you know I was here?
35) 7) text: She is indeed. Lynn is a little unsettled by this display clairvoyance.
35) 8) dialog: How did you know that? I didn't have  this dress when we were...
35) 11) text: Lynn, as is often the case with Jake, is both charmed and put-out. She goes with put-out.
35) 12) dialog: Thanks. What are you doin' here?  Aren't you supposed to be in Mexico  somewhere?
35) 14) dialog: That's great. I'm happy for you,  Jake.
35) 16) dialog: (starting away) I gotta get back...
35) 18) dialog: My life is different from when you  knew me.
35) 20) dialog: Couldn't we talk about this some  other time? I really gotta...
35) 22) dialog: I don't think that's a good idea.
35) 24) dialog: Lawyer. Please, Jake, he's watching  us.
35) 26) dialog: (exasperated) Jake...
35) 28) dialog: (reluctant) All right. 555-9314.
35) 30) text: She looks at him a beat, unsure what to say, then heads b toward her table. We go to Lynn's date. None of this has  been lost on him.
37) 0) text: Jake goes to a pay phone in the hall and dials the number Lynn gave him.
43) 0) text: We PICK UP Taylor making his way past the circulation des He glances around and finds what he's looking for: Lynn,  talking to one of the reference librarians. She finishes conversation and turns, to find herself face to face with Taylor. She's wearing her tortoise-shell glasses.
43) 1) dialog: (hushed) Jake, you shouldn't have come here.
43) 3) dialog: Let's talk in my office, okay?
43) 5) text: Lynn starts to walk. We'll FOLLOW them as they make their way through the library. Lynn tries to keep the conversat hushed. Taylor could give a shit.
43) 6) dialog: I told you I don't think it's a good  idea for us to see each other.
43) 8) dialog: We don't have anything in common.  Sometimes I wonder if we ever did.
43) 10) dialog: I stopped bein' an athlete three  years ago. Books are my life now.
43) 12) dialog: Don't you dare laugh, Jake. In two  years I've put together one of the  best special collections departments  in the country.
43) 14) dialog: You never read anything I asked you  to.
43) 16) dialog: His name is Tom, and keep your voice  down.
43) 18) dialog: He's stable. He's intelligent... and  I've never found him in bed with a  stewardess.
43) 20) dialog: Just like always, you don't take  anything seriously. Everything's a  joke to you.
43) 22) text: Lynn stops and turns to face him.
43) 23) dialog: Tom and I are getting married in the  fall.
43) 26) dialog: (walking again) What plans?
43) 28) dialog: (stopping again) How can you think stuff like that? I  haven't seen you in two years. You  never even wrote me a letter.
43) 30) dialog: (walking again) Not so loud, Jake.
43) 32) dialog: (stopping again) What about the night you had in  Detroit with Miss Dairy Queen?
43) 35) dialog: (whirling on him and  exploding) What a bunch of bullshit! (exasperated) I have a much better body than she  does.
43) 36) text: With this the whole reading room turns around and stares her. Lynn is mortified by her outburst. Taylor tries to s it over.
43) 38) text: Nice job, Jake. Lynn is still mortified.
43) 42) dialog: (walking off again) You haven't changed at all, have  you?
43) 44) dialog: (turning back to him) I'm sorry, Jake. You'll always be  the little boy who wouldn't grow up.
43) 45) text: Lynn starts off for her office door.
43) 47) text: Lynn continues on into her office. As the door closes, we TO Taylor's forlorn face.
50) 0) text: Taylor sits in his car, across the street from the employ entrance of the library. He scrunches down a bit as Lynn  comes out of the building and heads for her car. She gets and we...
51) 3) dialog: (hurried) This isn't my place...
51) 5) text: Before Lynn can answer, Tom appears at the door.
51) 8) dialog: Yeh, he's gotta be goin'...
51) 26) text: Tom clinks his glass with Jake's beer, the slight  condescension in his manner not lost on Taylor. Lynn is  uncomfortable with this whole situation. Janice moves a b closer to Taylor. It's obvious she finds him attractive.
51) 30) text: Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
51) 33) dialog: He was one of the best in baseball  until he had problems with his knees.
51) 34) text: Everyone is somewhat surprised by Lynn's quick defense of Taylor, including Lynn herself.
51) 44) text: Lynn's eyes drop to the floor.
51) 46) dialog: (not wanting to pursue  it) Yes.
51) 48) dialog: (reluctant) Two Hundred Individual medley.
51) 52) text: Taylor exchanges a quick glance with Lynn and heads for t door.
61) 16) dialog: leaving her seat and starting up the aisle. Taylor comes up the stairs from the locker room, still in full uniform. He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn  disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot.
61) 17) dialog: in the parking lot. As she goes to unlock her car, Taylor looks around hurriedly for some kind of vehicle to follow her in. He bangs on the bullpen gates and is admitted by the guar Inside is the Bullpen car, a souped-up golf cart with a b shaped like a batting helmet. Taylor hops in and roars ou after Lynn.
62) 0) text: Lynn comes out of the dressing room into the pool area,  deserted this time of night. She wears a racing suit, but lets her hair hang free. The pool glows like a sheet of  emerald glass. She shakes down a beat, curls her toes aro the coping, slowly bends at the waist, and then launches  into a full-out racing dive. We watch as she swims a 100 yard individual medley; first the butterfly, then the backstroke, breaststroke and fina freestyle. We condense the time, of course, SHOOTING some underwater, some SLO-MO, as she knives through the water, her hair flowing behind her, an athlete alone with her me The SEQUENCE should convey not only the grace of her stro and her athletic ability, but the fluid beauty of swimmin its synthesis of power and form. As she begins the freestyle leg, another body appears in pool next to her. It's Jake, and he's racing her the fina lap. She immediately responds to the challenge, digging  harder, picking up her kick. They go neck and neck for 20 yards, but Lynn has one more gear and touches him by half body length at the wall. Both are winded.
62) 2) dialog: You follow me here too?
62) 4) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 6) dialog: (getting out of the  pool) I just wanted to see you play.
62) 8) dialog: You looked good, but you oughta open  your stance a little. They're pitching  you inside.
62) 10) dialog: Sorry, I already ate.
62) 12) dialog: (getting out of the  pool) Thanks for the race.
63) 0) text: Driving through the city on her way home. Lynn glances in the rear-view mirror and spots Taylor following her. She  smiles to herself. Taylor, of course, thinks he's gone  undetected. We begin a SHORT SEQUENCE during which Lynn tries to lose Taylor in a chase through Cleveland, car vs. batting helm The logistics will have to be worked out in Cleveland, bu suffice it to say, by the end of the chase she appears to have ditched him.
64) 0) text: Lynn comes up the stairs, unlocks the apartment door and  steps inside. There's no particular urgency. She feels su she's shaken Taylor. The apartment is full of packing boxes. Tired from the ch Lynn drops her bag on a box and slumps down on the couch. It's obvious she's not all that happy to have lost Taylor She goes to the window and looks down to the street for s sign of him. Seeing nothing, she turns away from the window disappoint and starts back to the couch, when something stops her. I Taylor, standing in the doorway.
64) 2) dialog: (flustered) Mine. You follow me again?
64) 4) dialog: I just wanted to see you play.
64) 6) dialog: You looked good, but you oughta open  your stance a little. They're pitchin'  you inside.
64) 9) dialog: I think I oughta tell you that I'm  moving in with Tom.
64) 11) dialog: I'm not goin' uptown, I just want to  lead a regular life. You know, like  an adult maybe. With a house and a  garden and normal hours.
64) 13) dialog: You like the life you've had, Jake.  You like hangin' out with the boys,  livin' in hotels, eatin' dinner at  midnight, having girls send you their  underwear in the mail. Remember the  surprise party I threw for you when  you made the All-Star team? You never  showed up, but the doorbell rang  once and we all got quiet and hid  behind the furniture. It was a guy  to serve you with a paternity suit.
64) 15) dialog: Yes, but you had obviously been with  her. And it happened in front of all  our friends.
64) 17) text: Lynn looks at him a long beat.
64) 18) dialog: I've come back to you too many times,  Jake. I can't afford to believe you  anymore.
64) 19) text: Lynn is backed up against a desk now. She could move out doesn't.
64) 21) dialog: I guess so. Did you really read "Moby  Dick?"
64) 25) dialog: October third.
64) 27) dialog: You're still their favorite.
64) 30) dialog: Tom doesn't like big weddings. You  coulda read Plot Outlines of 101  Great Novels.
64) 32) dialog: At any library.
64) 34) dialog: All Saints on Euclid.
64) 36) dialog: Yeh. Who saved Ishmael at the end?
64) 38) dialog: Where?
64) 40) dialog: If you want. Maybe you really did  read it.
64) 42) dialog: This doesn't change anything, you  know. We were always good at this.
64) 44) dialog: What?
64) 46) dialog: Use your imagination.
64) 47) text: Taylor's spikes come down across her skirt, catching in t material, ripping it from her body and pinning it to the  wood floor. Taylor steps out of the shoe and whisks Lynn OF FRAME. We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by th cleats.
65) 0) text: Taylor wakens and turns over to find Lynn gone. He looks  around but there's no sign of her.
84) 2) text: As Darla gives Jake a goodbye peck, the elevator door ope across the hall, and out steps Lynn. She's obviously ratt by the sight of Taylor and Darla together.
84) 3) dialog: Excuse me. I was in town for a  conference and thought I'd drop by,  but I can see you're busy...
88) 20) dialog: Thank you. I didn't think you'd come.
88) 22) dialog: Good luck today, Jake.
88) 24) dialog: No, I came to see you.
88) 26) dialog: Even for last night?
88) 29) dialog: Then you weren't defending my honor  again?
88) 31) text: Lynn smiles. He gives her a kiss and watches as she goes  inside. He stands there a long beat, then turns and walks slowly down the steps past his teammates.
92) 143) text: of our other fans. We see... A) The Business Executive stand up and yell "Yes!" in the middle of the opera. Several other men stand up and expre their excitement as well. B) The Longshoremen whoop it up in their bar -- exchangin fives and hugs with the punkers and heavy metal kids. C) The various apartment dwellers dancing, clapping, yell out the windows. D) The two Korean Groundskeepers just shaking their heads amazement. E) Elsewhere in the stadium, the joyous exultation contin unabated. The crowd pours onto the field as Hayes runs to Taylor and literally leaps into his arms. F) The two spin around throwing their fists in the air. G) Cerrano and Harris embrace. Dorn gives Vaughn a hug, t steps back and decks him with a right hand. H) Dorn pulls Vaughn back to his feet, and they hug again I) Up in the stands, Rachel watches all this with tears i her eyes. Taylor starts off the field when he sees something that  catches his eye. Standing by the field rail is Lynn. She  holds up her left hand and smiles. There's no ring on it. Taylor races over to her as she jumps down from the rail hugs herself to him. We HOLD on the celebration as it swi all around them, and...