15) 0) text: Donovan, Brown and two of his coaches, PEPPER LEACH (pitc and DUKE TEMPLE (hitting) are on the field, witnessing th arrival of their "troops." First to arrive is:
15) 6) dialog: Wish we had him two years ago.
15) 8) dialog: Four years ago then.
16) 24) dialog: Look at this fuckin' guy.
21) 3) dialog: (checking stopwatch) 11.9 Taylor. Not bad if you'd fallen  down.
24) 7) dialog: (aside) For what? Running back to the dugout?
24) 16) text: Brown and Pepper stand behind Taylor for a better view. V goes into his wind-up and fires a screaming fast ball tha Taylor has no chance to get out of his crouch to catch. T ball rockets an inch over Brown's head, and slams into th backstop. Brown stands frozen a second, contemplating his brush wit eternity, then turns to Pepper.
24) 18) dialog: Sounded like it.
24) 44) dialog: (to Temple) We got anybody left playin' baseball  out there?
40) 45) dialog: Don't worry if you're off the plate  on a few pitches. Doesn't hurt to  put the fear of God in a hitter.
40) 46) text: Vaughn nods and continues to grind the ball as Pepper and Taylor leave. The Yankee Hitter steps in. Vaughn winds and fires a screamer. Taylor has to leap hig to come down with it.
40) 59) text: Pepper has reached the mound...
40) 60) dialog: Okay kid. I think we got 'em scared  enough now. Time to get a few of 'em  out.
40) 62) dialog: Just relax, and keep the arm up on  top. Gotta throw strikes. No place  at the inn for this guy.
40) 69) dialog: (to Brown) Looked like a strike anyway. You  want me to go get him?
40) 73) dialog: At least he hit what he was aimin'  at.
40) 75) text: Both benches are up on the dugout steps ready to come out The only thing holding them back is that Coleman is being tended to by the trainer. The home plate umpire thumbs Vaughn out of the game. Vaug comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and  hurries him off the field.
40) 76) dialog: C'mon, kid. As soon as Coleman gets  up, he's gonna be lookin' for you.
52) 0) text: Vaughn and Hayes are watching a soap opera on an old blac and white TV. Pepper pops his head in.
52) 1) dialog: Lou wants to see you down at the  office, Rick.
54) 23) dialog: You want me to go get him?
74) 14) dialog: Not quite yet.
76) 25) dialog: hitting one rocket-shot ground ball after another at Dorn Some bounce off his chest and arms, but Dorn stays in fro of every one.
92) 118) text: Pepper begins flashing signs out to Hayes. Duke gets up o the rubber and takes his stretch. Hayes leads away, crouc low. Duke snaps a throw over to first, the first baseman  slapping a hard tag on Hayes, but Hayes is back. The crowd is on its feet again. The "GO" chant starts,  punctuated by thousands of black-gloved hands punching th night air. Duke comes set again. Hayes leads away. Duke watches him, checks him again. We go to SLOW MOTION as Duke kicks and  comes to the plate. Hayes takes off like a shot, head down, eating up ground. Taylor swings and misses. The Yankee catcher comes up  throwing, rifling a clothesline dart to second base. Haye leaves his feet diving for the bag. The second baseman sn down the tag. Too late. Hayes is in there. The stadium is really rockin' now. Duke prowls the mound. Taylor steps out of the box and flashes a sign to Brown.
92) 119) dialog: What's he doing?