4) 4) text: As Butler tries to figure out what a guava facial is, the conference room doors swing open and a muscular MALE SECR BODYGUARD enters, clearing the way for MRS. RACHEL PHELPS flashy, striking woman in her early forties. Despite the  designer clothes she favors, there is the hint of somethi less refined about her. She carries a Pekinese dog, CHA-C on her left hip.
4) 5) dialog: Good morning, gentlemen. Welcome to  another season of Indians' baseball.
4) 6) text: The men applaud, but their hearts are barely in it. The  Secretary-Bodyguard pulls out a chair at the head of the  table and Rachel sits.
4) 7) dialog: I know that it may not seem the same  without Donald here this year, but I  promise you by the end of the season  this team will have made history.
4) 9) dialog: (picking up a newspaper) Unfortunately there are some in the  press who feel that... (reading from the  page) "the ex-showgirl wife of Donald Phelps  has no business being the owner of a  major league baseball team."
4) 10) text: Rachel crumbles the paper and throws it away.
4) 11) dialog: Obviously, Donald didn't feel that  way or he wouldn't have left the  team to me. And I was more than  showgirl. I was a dancer. Now, I  know some of you have doubts about  my ability to run this franchise.  God help you if I ever find out about  it.
4) 13) dialog: Spring training begins in two weeks. (throwing a sheet of  paper on the table) Here's the list of people we'll be  inviting to camp this year.
4) 15) dialog: I could sit here and tell you what a  great year we're gonna have, but the  facts are we lost the two best players  we had to free agency. We haven't  won a pennant in 30 years. We haven't  even finished in the first division  for 15. Obviously it's time to make  some changes. What do ya think?
4) 19) dialog: Cross him off then.
4) 21) dialog: It's time to shake things up, Charlie.  Clear the board and start over.
4) 23) dialog: I know you will, Charlie. That's why  I'm movin' you up to General Manager.  Congratulations.
4) 24) text: Rachel sticks out her hand. Donovan shakes it somewhat fe bewildered by this whole development.
4) 25) dialog: Well, that should do it for today.  Thank you, gentlemen. Let's get to  work.
4) 26) text: With that, Rachel gets up and breezes out of the room wit her entourage, leaving Donovan and the others dumbfounded
6) 0) text: Donovan is ushered in by Rachel's Male Secretary. Donovan carries his player roster with him.
7) 1) dialog: Come on in, Charlie. Have a seat.
7) 3) dialog: Oh, really? Like what?
7) 5) dialog: I was thinking of Lou Brown.
7) 7) dialog: He's managed the Toledo Mud Hens of  the International League for the  last 30 years.
7) 9) dialog: I think he'll fit right in with our  team concept.
7) 11) dialog: That's what I wanted to talk to you  about. I want to put together a team  that will help us relocate to Miami.
7) 13) dialog: I'm serious about this, Charlie.  It's no secret I've never liked  Cleveland much. The weather's lousy,  downtown is a pit, the stadium's  falling apart, and we can't draw  dick. Another couple of years of  this and I'm gonna have to start  feeding Cha-Cha dog food.
7) 14) text: Rachel bends down to give her dog, Cha-Cha, a little love pat, while Donovan tries to contain his disgust.
7) 16) dialog: It's hardly a whim. Miami's offered  to build us a new stadium -- 62,000  capacity, 45 V.I.P. boxes, and no  rent for the first million at the  gate. Plus a 12 million dollar media  guarantee; 45 percent of the  concession gross, all of the parking  and they pick up the stadium  operations costs. No other franchise  in baseball can match that deal.
7) 18) dialog: The lease says we have the right to  move if our attendance falls below  800,000 for the year. (pushing across a  copy of the lease) Paragraph 40, line 17.
7) 20) dialog: If we play bad enough, we should be  able to come in under that.
7) 22) dialog: No, we've been losing. What I want  us to do is finish dead last.
7) 25) dialog: He knew it had to be done. He just  didn't have the courage to do it. (with veiled menace) Hopefully, you will come to see the  wisdom of it. (pause) If this team lives up to its  potential, we could have the worst  record in all baseball.
12) 0) text: On the speaker again to Lou Brown. Rachel watches, impati for him to close the deal.
12) 3) text: Rachel rubs her fingers together, making the money sign t Donovan.
40) 83) dialog: (getting up to leave) We're off to a good start, gentlemen.  Let's keep it up.
40) 84) text: We GO TO Donovan. He watches Rachel go in disgust.
44) 0) text: Rachel is in closed-door session with Donovan.
44) 1) dialog: A quarter of the season's gone, we're  15 and 24, seven games out of first.  Our attendance is just below 180,000.  That's bad, but not bad enough.
44) 3) dialog: We finished 24 out last year and  still drew 890,000. When school's  out for the summer, attendance is  liable to rise. Plus, this team is  showing signs of improvement. I didn't  think we'd win 15 games all year.  Any ideas?
44) 5) dialog: This is no laughing matter, Donovan. (pause) I think maybe the problem is we're  coddling these guys too much.
57) 8) text: Brown is stopped short by the sight of Rachel Phelps stan in the middle of the locker room as various unclad player dive for cover.
57) 9) dialog: You wanted to see the Bitch?
57) 11) dialog: Don't you think you oughta cover  yourself with a towel first, Mr.  Brown?
57) 13) dialog: Well, I can take it if you can.
57) 15) dialog: Revenue problems have forced us to  cut back on equipment. We'll simply  have to fix the old one.
57) 17) dialog: The pipes in this building are old  and rusted. We're replacing them,  but it's a long, expensive process.
57) 19) dialog: Your players will just have to get a  little tougher. What are they, a  bunch of pansies?
57) 22) dialog: It's only temporary. Besides, these  guys weren't playing that good when  the equipment was workin'. If I could  get anybody to come and watch this  team, none of this would be necessary.  You oughta be grateful I can still  pay your salaries.
57) 23) text: With that, Rachel turns and walks out. Brown and the othe can only watch her go.
67) 0) text: Donovan is present once again. Rachel does not look pleas
67) 1) dialog: Well, my worst fears have been  confirmed. We're 60 and 60, nine  games out of first, and only two out  of the first division. Who do those  guys think they are?
67) 3) dialog: I don't have to accept anything. Our  attendance is only beginning to rise.  If we can force a losing streak for  a week or two, we can still turn  this thing around. The fans are used  to losers here. At the first sign of  a slump they'll give up on this team.
67) 5) dialog: Not everything.
69) 0) text: Complete with all the luxuries of the average school bus. Temple is looking at a memo from Rachel Phelps.
77) 3) dialog: with Donovan next to her, watching all this good play in  disgust.
89) 0) text: Rachel is looking out at the empty stadium. There's a KNO at the door.
89) 1) dialog: Come in.
89) 3) dialog: Hello, Lou, what can I do for ya?
89) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
89) 8) dialog: Well, I knew I could count on Charlie  to tell somebody. I was just afraid  he might take too long.
89) 10) dialog: So you'd tell the team, hopefully  getting them mad enough to knock  themselves out trying to prove they  belonged in this league. I think it  worked.
89) 12) text: Rachel nods.
89) 14) dialog: We were broke. We couldn't afford  anything better. Donald left the  team nearly bankrupt. If we'd had  another losing season, I would have  had to sell the team. I knew we  couldn't win with the team we had,  so I decided to bring in new players  and see how they'd do with the proper  motivation. There was never any offer  from Miami. I made it all up.
89) 16) dialog: If I'd really wanted you to lose,  all I had to do was send the best  players back to the minors. But I  didn't, did I?
89) 18) dialog: You think this was all an accident?  I personally scouted every member of  this team, except Hayes, of course.  He was a surprise. They all had flaws  which concealed their real talent,  or I wouldn't have been able to get  them. But I knew if anyone could  straighten them out, you could. And  if you tell them any of this, I will  fire you.
89) 20) dialog: I love this team, Lou. Go get 'em  tonight.
89) 21) text: The two shake hands. Brown looks at Rachel a beat, still  looking for some sign of duplicity. Finally he gives her grudging smile of respect.
92) 37) dialog: Shit.
92) 142) text: Pandemonium breaks loose in Municipal Stadium. Rachel hug Donovan, dances around, punches the air, then hugs Donova again. Everywhere people are hugging and kissing each oth Bobby, Vic and Johnny are going berserk in the bleachers. Thelma sits quietly, a tear rolling down her cheek.
92) 143) text: of our other fans. We see... A) The Business Executive stand up and yell "Yes!" in the middle of the opera. Several other men stand up and expre their excitement as well. B) The Longshoremen whoop it up in their bar -- exchangin fives and hugs with the punkers and heavy metal kids. C) The various apartment dwellers dancing, clapping, yell out the windows. D) The two Korean Groundskeepers just shaking their heads amazement. E) Elsewhere in the stadium, the joyous exultation contin unabated. The crowd pours onto the field as Hayes runs to Taylor and literally leaps into his arms. F) The two spin around throwing their fists in the air. G) Cerrano and Harris embrace. Dorn gives Vaughn a hug, t steps back and decks him with a right hand. H) Dorn pulls Vaughn back to his feet, and they hug again I) Up in the stands, Rachel watches all this with tears i her eyes. Taylor starts off the field when he sees something that  catches his eye. Standing by the field rail is Lynn. She  holds up her left hand and smiles. There's no ring on it. Taylor races over to her as she jumps down from the rail hugs herself to him. We HOLD on the celebration as it swi all around them, and...