38) 14) text: Harris never gets to finish. The smoke rising from Cerran gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in ceiling. As Harris and the faithful look up into the down we...
39) 0) text: The stands are nearly empty. Of the fans who have showed many wear doormats around their necks. Bobby, Vic, Johnny and Thelma, our four fans from the din sit alone in the vast expanse of the centerfield bleacher All four wear Indian head dresses and have war paint on t faces. The three men each have tom-toms. Thelma works on needlepoint.
51) 5) text: Before Lynn can answer, Tom appears at the door.
51) 6) dialog: Who's there, love? (spying Taylor) Oh, Mr. Taylor, right? (pointedly) I remember you from the restaurant.  Lynn's told me a lot about you. Why  don't you come in for a while?
51) 9) dialog: No, really, come on in for a drink.
51) 10) text: Before Taylor can beg off further, Tom ushers him inside closes the door. In the room are two other couples: ARTHU HOLLOWAY, a senior partner in Tom's firm and his wife CLA and BRENT BOWDEN, another lawyer in the firm and a  contemporary of Tom's. His wife is JANICE. This is a very upscale group.
51) 11) dialog: Excuse me, everybody, this is Jake  Taylor. (making the intros) Jake, Arthur and Claire Holloway  Brent and Janice Bowden. Jake is a  professional baseball player.
51) 13) dialog: So, Jake, what brings you here this  evening?
51) 15) dialog: Well, it soon will be.
51) 17) text: Taylor sticks out his hand. Tom's not sure whether Taylor putting him on or not. He shakes anyway.
51) 18) dialog: Thank you. What can I get you to  drink?
51) 20) text: Tom goes off to get the beer.
51) 25) dialog: (handing Jake his  beer) They're last right now, but hopefully  moving up, eh, Jake?
51) 26) text: Tom clinks his glass with Jake's beer, the slight  condescension in his manner not lost on Taylor. Lynn is  uncomfortable with this whole situation. Janice moves a b closer to Taylor. It's obvious she finds him attractive.
51) 32) text: Tom and the others react as if Taylor's just announced a  death in the family.
51) 35) dialog: What are you going to do when your  career ends? I mean you can't play  baseball forever, can you?
51) 37) dialog: Will it?
51) 53) dialog: Let me walk you out.
51) 54) text: Tom accompanies Taylor to the door, out of earshot of the others.
51) 56) dialog: Don't mention it.
51) 58) dialog: Yeh, well, I just wanted Lynn to  know what she would've had ahead of  her.
51) 59) text: Tom sticks out his hand. The two men shake to keep up  appearances for their onlookers across the room.
51) 60) dialog: Stay away from her.
54) 22) text: Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset. He gl at Dorn a beat before getting back on the mound. Dorn's f is non-commital. Brown paces in the dugout.
74) 4) text: Vaughn glances over and sees that one of the Yankees is  dressed in a striped prison uniform. He also wears long  earrings, high heels, and of course, glasses. Vaughn trie to ignore the guy, but his concentration is broken. Vaughn steps up on the rubber for his first pitch. He win and fires. The Yankee LEADOFF HITTER rips a one-hopper to the wall in right center. Hayes runs it down and guns it  back to the infield to hold the guy to a double. The conv whoops it up. Vaughn gets back up on the rubber. As he comes to the str he catches sight of the convict again. The guy is doing a pantomime, sneaking up to a car and picking the lock, muc to the delight of his teammates. Vaughn throws his pitch the dirt and all the way to the backstop. The runner on s goes to third.
92) 21) text: The Indians charge onto the field to a standing ovation. In the center field bleachers Thelma's victory blanket  containing the scores of every Indian game for the season hangs from a railing. Bobby, Vic and Johnny pound the tom toms leading the stadium in a monster version of "In the  Land of Burning Waters." Even the groundskeepers join in. Two down in the first. Harris looking sharp so far... Bou ball to third. Dorn up with it.
92) 123) text: The crowd, electrified by Taylor's gesture, remains on it feet. Duke stares in at Taylor, comes to his stretch and  then lets go a steaming fast ball right at Taylor's head. Taylor goes down in a swirl of dust, the ball missing him inches. The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Ta picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again. Bobby, Vic and Johnny are pounding out a heavy beat on th TOM-TOMS. Everyone in the stadium begins to CLAP in uniso with the DRUMS. Taylor steps back in and once again points to the bleache