21) 15) dialog: (slight accent) I don't know.
21) 25) dialog: (looking up, trying to focus) I do not remember.
23) 0) text: Watson is leading Gabrielle to a chair by the fireplace. Holmes is putting his violin down on the table.
23) 8) dialog: Who are you?
23) 10) dialog: No.
23) 12) dialog: I'm trying.
23) 14) dialog: (a beat, then shakes her head)
23) 22) dialog: (concentrating -- then) Non, je ne suis pas Francaise.
23) 25) dialog: Non.
23) 27) dialog: (haltingly) Je suis pas sure. Holmes reaches behind her, turns back the collar of her dress. Sewn inside is a label reading: BAZAAR MODERN, Bruxelles.
23) 30) dialog: Bruxelles?    Oui... Je pense que oui. Mrs. Hudson has come in with a loaded tea-tray, starts to put it down on the table.
23) 37) dialog: I don't know.
23) 39) dialog: (vaguely) Emile... HOLMES
23) 42) dialog: I don't know.
23) 44) dialog: I don't know.
27) 0) text: Gabrielle is asleep in Watson's bed. The door opens slowly, and Holmes looks in. He studies the sleeping Gabrielle for a moment, then quietly pulls the door shut. As the latch clicks into place, Gabrielle awakes and sits up in bed, her back to CAMERA. She is nude.
27) 1) dialog: Emile? She starts to get out of bed.
28) 0) text: Holmes is back in his room, once more examining the cardboard by the light of the window. The door of Watson's bedroom opens, and Gabrielle comes out.
28) 2) dialog: Emile? Holmes looks up as Gabrielle appears in the open doorway.
28) 3) dialog: Emile?   Is that you, Emile?
28) 5) dialog: (hurrying toward him) Ah, Emile. I thought I'd never find you. (embracing him) Hold me. Hold me tight. (Holmes puts his arms around her)
28) 8) dialog: I hope you won't be angry with me. I bought myself an expensive negligee.
28) 10) dialog: (moving toward bed) A pink negligee with maribou feathers. Don't you think that's a foolish thing for a married woman? (she gets into bed, beckons to him)
28) 13) dialog: In my luggage... Come here.
28) 16) dialog: (impatiently) I don't know. Come, my love.   Come. Please. As she extends her right hand to him, in a beckoning gesture, Holmes notices something on the palm. He takes her hand in his. There, in the same green ink as the smudges on the cardboard, are what appear the be the letters "I", "O", and Greek "E". Crossing to the wash- stand, he picks up his magnifying shaving mirror, returns to the bed, holds it up against the palm of Gabrielle's hand.
28) 17) dialog: What is it, Emile? What are you doing? Clearly reflected in the mirror is the reverse image of the lettering on Gabrielle's palm -- the number "301".
30) 0) text: Gabrielle is asleep in Holmes' bed, covered by just a sheet, and obviously naked underneath. Holmes is not in the room. Mrs. Hudson comes up behind Watson, in the open doorway, peers over his shoulder.
31) 30) dialog: Yes.
31) 32) dialog: Yes. Her eyes fall on the open suitcase.
31) 34) dialog: Where am I?
31) 36) dialog: Oh, yes... (a beat, as she orients herself)
31) 42) dialog: It's all so confusing.
31) 44) dialog: Yes. He's a mining engineer. We were married five years ago, in the Congo.
31) 46) dialog: How did you know?
31) 48) dialog: Last year he invented a new kind of air pump, and was hired by an English company, Jonah Limited.
31) 52) dialog: We've been writing to each other regularly. Then suddenly,  three weeks ago, his letters stopped.  I kept writing ... but no answer. Finally  I decided to go to that address --
31) 58) dialog: Emile?   Never. He loves me -- and I love him.
31) 60) dialog: I went to the police -- they said they would send out a missing persons report -- but they didn't sound too encouraging. Then I went to the Belgian embassy and explained the situation to them -- and they suggested that I consult you...
31) 62) dialog: I was on my way here -- and suddenly there were footsteps behind me -- and a hand over my mouth -- and the smell of choloroform -- and the next thing I knew I was in the water -- and then a man was wrapping me in a blanket --
31) 65) dialog: I don't understand any of it. (rises, goes to Holmes) What does it all mean, Mr. Holmes? Where is my husband? You must help me find him.
31) 69) dialog: (addressing envelope) 32. What do you want me to say in the letter?
33) 0) text: It is dusty, cobwebby, quite forbidding. In the rear wall is a closed sliding door, indented about a foot into the shop. Nearby stands a large, square object, covered with a tarpaulin. High up in the rear wall is a slanted skylight, fitted with an iron grill. From outside, Holmes, in deerstalker and Inverness, can be seen sawing through the iron bars. Watson and Gabrielle are beside him.
33) 3) dialog: It's so strange to think I've been writing to a place like this all these months. Watson crosses to the square tarpaulin-covered object. He lifts up one corner of the tarp -- and is greeted by a loud twittering of birds.
33) 8) dialog: Mr. Holmes --
33) 10) dialog: I don't know how I'm going to pay you for all this. The purse with my money is somewhere at the bottom of the Thames.
33) 39) dialog: Did you hear what she said? You really think Emile is going to pick up the letter himself?
33) 45) dialog: Mr. Holmes! This letter -- (she picks it up)
33) 47) dialog: (holding it out to him) It's addressed to you.
38) 6) dialog: Any news?   Did you find out anything?
39) 3) dialog: (anxious) Yes?
39) 5) dialog: Where are we going?
39) 8) dialog: The boat-train?
39) 10) dialog: You're sending me back to Brussels?   Is that it?
39) 12) dialog: (to Holmes, agitated) I came here to find my husband -- you were going to help me --
39) 14) dialog: The great detective! Well, maybe this case is too small for you --
39) 17) dialog: Well, I won't go back to Brussels. Maybe you're giving up, but I'm not. (tears welling up in her eyes)
39) 24) dialog: (moving toward Holmes) Thank you. I'm sorry for what I said. (kisses him on cheek)
39) 26) dialog: (smiling through tears) I'll go and pack. She hurries off toward Watson's room.
39) 33) dialog: You don't like me very much, do you? She moves toward the couch.
39) 36) dialog: My other glove.
39) 40) dialog: Thank you. She slowly starts to shut the parasol.
40) 0) text: Through the upstairs window of 221B we see Gabrielle shutting the parasol. CAMERA PULLS BACK TO INCLUDE the hansom parked across the street, and von Tirpitz watching. He signals to the cabbie, who is back on his perch. The cabbie flicks his whip, and the hansom takes off down the street.
42) 0) text: The upper and lower berths have been made up in the small, gaslit compartment. Gabrielle's dress is on a hanger, but there is no sign of her at the moment. Holmes is just pulling a night-shirt over his head.
42) 2) dialog: Am I embarrassing you, Mr. Holmes?
42) 5) dialog: Oh?
44) 0) text: Holmes is stretched out in the upper berth, which is in darkness. In the lower, Gabrielle is propped up against a pillow, reading a magazine by the light of a gas lamp. Other magazines are scattered across her blanket.
44) 1) dialog: Women are never to be trusted entirely -- not the best of them. Holmes raises himself on his elbow, glances down over the edge of his berth.
44) 3) dialog: I didn't say it -- you did. According to Dr. Watson.
44) 6) dialog: He gave me some back issues of Strand Magazine.
44) 8) dialog: Then you deny it?
44) 10) dialog: I'm not very fond of them myself.
44) 12) dialog: Oh?
44) 14) dialog: You mustn't judge all women by --
44) 16) dialog: Your fiancee?
44) 19) dialog: I'm sorry.
44) 21) dialog: Good night, Mr. Ashdown. She closes her curtain, as the train whistle sounds.
46) 0) text: The Highland Express is pulling out of the station. As the last car disappears, and the steam clears from the tracks, we see Holmes, Gabrielle and Watson on the platform. A BAGGAGEMAN is loading their luggage on a hand-cart, under Watson's supervision.
46) 2) dialog: I'll take that.
47) 0) text: Under a leaden sky, the yew trees which give the place its name brood over ancient gravestones. Holmes, Gabrielle and Watson come down an overgrown path, stop and look off. A rather meagre funeral procession is moving along the avenue which runs between the rows of graves. It consists of one normal-size pine coffin and two smaller ones, loaded on a cart which is being wheeled by a couple of workmen. Bringing up behind is a MINISTER, with an open prayer book in his hands.
47) 3) dialog: The two small ones -- they must be children's coffins. Holmes starts to cut across between the graves, Gabrielle and Watson following. At the grave-site, the workmen are removing the coffins from the cart. There is one large grave, two smaller ones. A couple of grave-diggers stand by respectfully, caps in hands. Holmes, Gabrielle and Watson come up behind a nearby headstone, stop and watch. At the grave-site, the minister is finishing the service.
47) 6) dialog: It's so sad.
47) 28) dialog: I'm ashamed to admit it -- but I was relieved when he mentioned a father and two boys. It could possibly have anything to do with Emile.
47) 37) dialog: They are -- how do you say it in English? -- nains.
47) 47) dialog: (worriedly) Mr. Holmes, is those are not children, then -- ?
48) 0) text: The point of a crowbar digs under the edge of a coffin lid, which starts to give with a squealing protest of nails. CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL Holmes, standing in the large grave, from which the earth has been removed. Kneeling beside the grave, watching anxiously, are Gabrielle and Watson, the latter holding a bullseye lantern. Holmes pries the lid open, disclosing the corpse of a middle-aged man. His arms are folded across his chest, and on the third finger of his left hand is a wedding ring similar to Gabrielle's. From the picture of him we have seen earlier, we recognize the face as that of Emile Valladon. Gabrielle lets out a piercing scream, collapses in a faint. Watson catches her.
49) 0) text: An open carriage is proceeding along the driveway toward the hotel, scatting a flock of sheep grazing nearby. Watson is sitting beside the coachman. Holmes and Gabrielle are in the passenger seat, their luggage is strapped to the back. Through the trees which line the road we glimpse Loch Ness, which is partly obscured by a low-lying mist. The carriage pulls up in front of the hotel, which is identified by a sign above the entrance, and Holmes, Watson and Gabrielle get out.
50) 0) text: The MANAGER, in kilts, is just opening the curtains -- disclosing a view of the mist-shrouded lake through the window. The room is on the second floor, and is furnished in a style which has been described as Scotch Baronial -- twin beds with a night-table between them, wardrobe, chiffonier, desk, a couple of chairs, and several mounted stags' heads. Holmes and Gabrielle are in the room, Watson is bringing their bags through the door.
52) 0) text: Holmes removes his coat, turns to Gabrielle.
52) 4) dialog: I'm sorry.
52) 6) dialog: (a final sniffle) I'll try.
52) 8) dialog: Thank you. She manages a tentative smile.   Holmes looks at her for long moment, then --
58) 3) dialog: Asphyxiation.
59) 0) text: Holmes and Gabrielle are sitting on a blanket, the contents of the picnic basket spread before them, having lunch. Watson is pouring the wine. Their bicycles are resting nearby.
59) 4) dialog: Yes, dear.
59) 10) text: Quite. As he turns back, he notices that Gabrielle is manipulating her parasol in the air.
59) 13) dialog: A bee. She continues to work the parasol, alternately opening it and partially closing it. On the bridge von Tirpitz, who is at the rear of the file of monks, glances back toward the lakeshore.
60) 0) text: On a promontory jutting into Loch Ness stand the remains of a medieval fortress. Around the Tower, the Motte, and the ruins of the East wall, wooden scaffolding has been erected, and a couple of dozen men are engaged in what appears to be repair work. Amidst the rubble of the Nether Bailey, an encampment of tents has been set up. Holmes, Gabrielle and Watson come bicycling up along a fence on the heights overlooking the castle, dismount in front of the locked gates. Attached to the gatepost is a sign reading: WARNING: No Unauthorized Person Permitted Beyond This Point.
60) 2) dialog: Then why are they taking precautions? She points to the sign -- and to a guard coming up the driveway, with a couple of huge mastiffs on leashes.
61) 0) text: Holmes, Gabrielle and Watson are coming up a path from the lakeside, leading their bicycles. They lean the cycles against a ruined wall, start across the courtyard. A middle-aged MAN in kilts emerges from the tumbled-down gatehouse, comes toward them.
61) 15) dialog: If he's an official guide, shouldn't he know... ?
61) 22) dialog: The more we find out the less sense it makes.
62) 0) text: The sun has just gone down behind the hills, but there is still light in the sky. An ominous mist is beginning to settle on the water. Gabrielle is sitting in the stern of a rowboat, her parasol in her lap. She is wearing Holmes' Norfolk jacket over her dress to ward off the chill. On the rowing seat, facing her, are Watson and Holmes, the latter in his waistcoat. Their oars are pulled in, and they are watching Urquhart Castle, on the opposite side of the lake.
62) 4) dialog: (pointing off) What's that? Holmes and Watson turn their heads.
62) 20) dialog: I lost my parasol.
62) 25) dialog: I just hope it doesn't come back.
63) 0) text: Holmes, in a different suit   of clothes, is pacing acros the room, whistling the main   theme from "Swan Lake." He stops before the open French   window, gazes out toward t lake. Gabrielle is propped    up in bed, a blanket drawn to her chin, watching him.    Watson, who has changed int a pair of kilts, is standing   in front of the fireplace, warming his backside. Gabrielle glances at Watson, suppresses a giggle.
63) 12) dialog: An engine?
63) 16) dialog: You think my husband was involved in all this?
63) 21) dialog: Why did they try to keep me from finding my husband? And why was he buried anonymously?
63) 35) dialog: Please be careful. As Holmes starts toward the door, Watson reaches into his sporran.
67) 0) text: It is lit by a kerosene lamp suspended from the ridge- pole. There are several cots, one of them with the bedding rolled up. Resting on the stripped cot is a trunk with the name E. VALLADON painted on it. Lying on a table, among a group of engineering models, are Gabrielle's parasol and Watson's stethoscope. There are also a couple of drafting tables, with plans and blueprints tacked to them. Holmes moves around the tent, taking all this in.
71) 0) text: The gig, with the quide driving and Holmes beside him, comes up the driveway, stops in front of the entrance. Holmes hops down, and twirling Gabrielle's parasol in his hand, walks into the hotel.
72) 0) text: In the half-light, Gabrielle can be seen asleep in her bed. She is wearing the pink negligee with the maribou feathers, which has slipped halfway off her shoulders. The other bed has not been slept in. The door from the corridor opens and Holmes steps in, carrying the parasol.
73) 0) text: Holmes withdraws from the window , looks at the sleeping Gabrielle, then casually swings the parasol, hitting a metal lamp-shade overhead. Gabrielle sits up abruptly in bed, clutching her negligee around her.
73) 2) dialog: (carefully) I think so.
73) 4) dialog: I don't know. My German isn't that good.
73) 7) dialog: (flatly) Unter dem Schloss.
73) 10) text: Here's your signalling device -- it's a bit damp, I'm afraid -- would you care to let them know where they can find the submersible? (Gabrielle makes no move to take the parasol)
74) 0) text: As Holmes continues opening and closing the parasol, Gabrielle gets out of bed, comes up beside him. Holmes finishes the message, shuts the parasol, draws it back into the room. Then he looks out the window.
75) 0) text: Holmes steps back from the window, faces Gabrielle.
75) 3) dialog: You're all wrong about me.   My name isn't Hoffmanstal.
75) 5) dialog: It's von Hoffmanstal.
75) 7) dialog: (glancing toward window) I suppose once they're in the castle... It must amuse you, Mr. Holmes, Trappists walking into a trap.
75) 9) dialog: (skeptically) You mean you're going to let them have the air-pump?
75) 11) dialog: Did you say try to?
75) 14) dialog: I never had you fooled for a moment, did I? You knew right from the beginning -- when the cabbie brought me to Baker Street.
75) 16) dialog: It's so funny. I asked for this assignment, you know. I was scheduled to go to Japan, but I couldn't resist the challenge of coming up against the best. I'm sorry I didn't give you a closer game.
75) 18) dialog: You're just being kind.   I failed miserably.
77) 0) text: Bright sunlight now floods the room.   Gabrielle, fully dressed, is standing in front of the  mirror, putting on her hat. Her packed bag has been set   out in the middle of the room, and resting on it is the  parasol. The door bursts open and Watson dashes in.
81) 4) dialog: Yes, Mr. Holmes. I'm all ready.
81) 7) dialog: If there's one thing I dislike about the British, it's their climate. I understand your jails are quite damp -- and your heating facilities totally inadequate.
81) 9) dialog: Germany?
81) 11) dialog: Thank you.
81) 15) text: And better than some consulting detectives. Mycroft signals to his aide, who comes in from the corridor and picks up Gabrielle's bag.
81) 18) dialog: (reaching for parasol) I'll take that. (to Holmes and Watson) Gentlemen. She turns and walks out the door, Mycroft following. Watson's bewilderment has now reached monumental proportions.
82) 0) text: Mycroft's aide comes out of the hotel with Gabrielle's suitcase, loads it into an open carriage waiting in front of the entrance. Gabrielle emerges, carrying her parasol, and accompanied by Mycroft. He helps her into the carriage, gets in beside her.
84) 0) text: The carriage is moving away from the hotel. Gabrielle has her parasol over her shoulder, and it opens and closes, opens and closes.
84) 1) dialog: She continues to signal with the parasol, unnoticed by Mycroft.
86) 0) text: The carriage disappears down an avenue of trees, Gabrielle's parasol still flashing its message.