4) 1) dialog: I do wish you'd give me a little more warning when you come home unexpected.    I would have roasted a goose -- and had some flowers for you.
4) 3) dialog: I'll unpack your bags. She exits into one of the bedrooms.   Watson has now take a magazine out of an envelope.
4) 43) dialog: Mrs. Hudson comes hurrying out of the bedroom.
4) 44) dialog: Yes?    What is it? What have I done now?
4) 46) dialog: Missing?
4) 48) dialog: Oh, I made sure not to disturb anything.
4) 51) dialog: Some of the dust was this thick. She demonstrates with her thumb and forefinger.
5) 0) text: START on Holmes' foot, operating a bellows. CAMERA PANS UP to the top of the chemistry table, on which an elaborate apparatus of brass, glass and rubber tubing has been set up. Inserted into the ends of the rubber tubes are half a dozen cigarettes, four cigars of different shapes and colors, and four pipes, all lit. Activated by the bellows, they are puffing away like mad, wheezing loudly and filling the screen with smoke. Seated at the table is Holmes, in shirt-sleeves. Occasionally he knocks off an ash onto a glass slide, studies it under a microscope. Watson, in a dressing gown, is sitting in the chair with the writing arm, documenting the latest Holmes adventure for Strand Magazine. The open mail has now been affixed to the center of the wooden mantelpiece, with a dagger. Mrs. Hudson is clearing the dinner dishes from the table, and loading them onto the shelf of the dumbwaiter. The accumulation of smoke in the room makes her cough.
5) 1) dialog: How can you stand this? Why don't you let me air the room out?
5) 3) dialog: (drily) I'm sure there's a crying need for that.
5) 6) dialog: All of which will end up on my rug. She is now pulling on the rope which lowers the dumbwaiter.
5) 8) dialog: (heading for door) All right. If you gentlemen want to stay here and suffocate... She exits, shutting the door. For a while, the two go on working. Then Holmes rises abruptly from the chemistry table.
7) 6) dialog: I made you some tea and cress sandwiches.
7) 9) dialog: Are you going away for the weekend?
7) 11) dialog: Moving out? (she looks at Holmes)
8) 0) text: There are two open valises on the bed. Watson is moving around the room, collecting various odds and ends, while Mrs. Hudson packs his clothes.
8) 1) dialog: It's so sad. You and Mr. Holmes -- after all these years -- (she sobs)
8) 4) dialog: I'll wash this and send it on to you.
8) 6) dialog: (still sniffling) I know how it feels -- I once went through a divorce myself.
9) 1) dialog: Mr. Holmes... Holmes fires, smashing the second bottle. As Mrs. Hudson takes a step forward, he waves her away with the gun.
9) 4) dialog: (outraged) How many times have I told you I will not tolerate pistol practice on my premises? I should have evicted you when you shot them holes in my wall. She points up to a spot near the ceiling. Neatly traced in bullet holes are the initials V.R., with a small crown above them.
9) 6) dialog: Look at that mess you made -- Watson is looking at Holmes with a little smile on his face.
9) 8) dialog: Unpack?
21) 8) dialog: (looking up) There's a cabbie here -- he says you owe him two-and-six.
21) 29) dialog: Mr. Holmes.   You can't let him --
23) 31) dialog: Oh, dash. Will someone remove the violin, please? Watson takes the violin off the table, and she sets down the tray.
23) 33) dialog: Poor thing.
23) 47) text: Mrs. Hudson, put her to bed. My bed. (Mrs. Hudson gives him a look)
23) 49) dialog: Come, my dear. She puts her arm around Gabrielle, who is still crying, leads her into Watson's bedroom.
29) 0) text: The table is set for breakfast, and Mrs. Hudson is opening the curtains, flooding the room with sunlight. Then she moves over to the couch, where Watson is sleeping in an awkward position.
29) 1) dialog: Dr. Watson! (she claps her hands and he wakes up)
29) 4) text: Mrs. Hudson, would you mind planting your knee in the small of my back?
29) 6) dialog: Yes, I would.
29) 9) text: That's good. Put your arms under mine -- fold them behind my neck -- Mrs. Hudson presses down harder, and there is a distinct snap.
29) 11) dialog: Dr. Watson.   She's gone.
30) 0) text: Gabrielle is asleep in Holmes' bed, covered by just a sheet, and obviously naked underneath. Holmes is not in the room. Mrs. Hudson comes up behind Watson, in the open doorway, peers over his shoulder.
30) 1) dialog: (scandalized) Well, I never! There is the sound of the hall door opening, and they both turn.
31) 3) dialog: (sternly) We certainly were.
31) 6) dialog: Liberties -- in my house! She exits huffily.
38) 0) text: Mrs. Hudson withdraws the gun, unhooks the chain. She is also holding an embroidery hoop. She opens the door, and Holmes and Watson step into the vestibule. MRS. HUDSON
38) 3) dialog: Did you ever try doing embroidery with a gun in your hand?