35) 0) text: Dominating the lobby is a large statue of Queen Victoria. Presiding over the reception desk is a uniformed PORTER of military bearing, with one arm and a chest full of campaign ribbons. Holmes and Watson stride in.
69) 4) dialog: It was long and it was tedious. And it had better be worth our while, Mr. Holmes.
69) 6) dialog: Now what is this curious ship we are supposed to christen?
69) 8) dialog: Under water?    What a fantastic idea. They have now reached the top of the steps.
69) 17) dialog: We don't claim to understand any of this. But England is proud of you, gentlemen. To think that man can now observe fish in their native habitat --
69) 19) dialog: -- and underwater plants and coral reefs -- (noticing Holmes) Young man -- what was your contribution to this project?
69) 23) dialog: Ah, yes. Sherlock Holmes. We have been following your exploits with great interest. Holmes bows, touches the Queen's extended hand.
69) 25) dialog: Are you engaged in one of your fascinating cases at the moment?
69) 27) dialog: When can we expect to read Dr. Watson's account of the case?
69) 29) dialog: Ah, the ceremonies are about to begin. (to Mycroft) Now where is this underwater ship of yours?
69) 31) dialog: The dungeon? What a peculiar place to keep it. (turning to the others) Well, let us get on with it, gentlemen.
70) 2) dialog: And what, may we ask, is the purpose of that hideous gargoyle?
70) 8) dialog: Aren't they rather small for sailors?
70) 10) dialog: They should make it a rule. It's quite fatiguing to pin on all those medals while standing on our toes. There is the sound of the engines starting. Mycroft leads the Queen to an open bulkhead in the side of the sub, with Holmes and rest of the party close behind. Inside, all is noise and confusion. Metal rods are dipping into glass jars of sulphuric acid, complicated machinery is driving the propeller shaft, bellows are inflating and deflating, etc. The midgets are at their stations in the cramped quarters, pulling switches, oiling the engines, operating the periscope. Overhead is a cageful of canaries, all chirping away. Mycroft points out the various features to the Queen.
70) 13) dialog: How charming.
70) 15) dialog: (pointing) The canaries. Must make the crew feel at home.
70) 17) dialog: But where is the glass bottom?
70) 19) dialog: The glass bottom.
70) 21) dialog: -- and the plants and the corals --
70) 23) dialog: A warship? (waving her hand) Stop that noise. Stop it! At a signal from Mycroft, the sub engines are turned off.
70) 25) dialog: You had better.
70) 28) dialog: You mean in can fire at other vessels while under water?
70) 30) dialog: Without any warning?
70) 32) dialog: And without showing her colors?
70) 34) dialog: Mr. Holmes, we are not amused. (Mycroft stares at her) It is unsportsmanlike, it is un-English, and it is in very poor taste. We will have none of it!
70) 36) dialog: Sometimes we despair of the state of the world. What will scientists think of next?
70) 41) dialog: Nonsense. We refuse to believe that our grandson Willie would do a thing like that.
70) 43) dialog: (indicating sub) Nevertheless, we don't want any part of this beastly invention. Get rid of it! Scuttle it! The sooner the better.
70) 45) dialog: And don't concern yourself about that dirigible dropping bombs on us. We shall write a very sharp note to the Kaiser. (to equerry) Now we wish to return to Balmoral. She starts toward the spiral staircase. The equerry precedes her up the stairs, the lady-in-waiting follows, the scientists trail after them. Mycroft and Holmes linger behind.