37) 12) dialog: Yo Cass, you got any boom? Telly is sitting on the cement benches talking to MISHA,
37) 14) dialog: Presto. Hamilton pulls out a long Phillie cigar. Then he squeezes Casper pulls out his dime bag and sniffs it. The he puts
37) 15) dialog: You got that here in the park?
37) 17) dialog: Break that shit up. Casper is smushing the pot up. Hamilton is taking the pla should be done with fast edits.
37) 18) dialog: Cut it. Hamilton cuts the cigar down the center with his long thu
37) 19) dialog: Scrape it. He then scrapes all the tobacco out of the center and ont
37) 20) dialog: Lick it. He then licks the outer paper till it gets very damp.
37) 21) dialog: Dump it. Casper starts putting the weed inside, Hamilton licks it,
37) 22) dialog: And smoke it. Hamilton puts it in his mouth.
37) 23) dialog: You wanna start off? Hamilton looks at Casper and puts the blunt in his face.
37) 25) dialog: All right. He puts the blunt in his mouth and lights it. A big flame
37) 26) dialog: Take two pulls and pass. Hamilton passes the blunt to Casper. A bunch of kids star STEVEN, a skinny Spanish kid with gold front teeth, walks
41) 2) dialog: Hells yeah. Gimmie a taste of the mothafuckin chronic. Casper rubs his eyes. Hamilton puffs on the little roach. Casper grabs somebody's skateboard and stands on it. He s The other kids continue to smoke. They watch Casper and l Casper is slowly trying to do tricks, but he's so stoned As he skates in front of is friends he doesn't pay any at A tall HOODLUM with gold front teeth is walking by. He is The hoodlum walks by. He has a certain ominous strut. He He takes the chew stick out of his mouth and looks at som As the hoodlum walks by, Casper is rolling backward, not Casper jumps up and grabs his skateboard. The hoodlum is
58) 0) text: Casper is sitting in the bathtub with the legs hanging ou Hamilton is sitting with his head on the toilet. Casper moves to give Hamilton a hit off his joint. Hamilt
60) 0) text: Casper is in the bathroom kicking his legs up and down ag Hamilton is passed out. His head resting on the toilet se Casper is singing loudly.
65) 0) text: Casper is awake. He climbs out of the tub and steps over He looks at Hamilton asleep on the toilet. Then Casper be