1) 0) text: The old woman carries her manuscript haltingly down a sub hall.  She stops to catch her breath, then continues and passes several archway with letters printed above them. she arrives at one topped by an LL, she slips a card in a slot.  A plastic molded chair drops into the archway.  Sh sits in the chair; it rises.
40) 0) text: Joel sits across Rob and Carrie, mid-40's.
40) 3) dialog: I don't know, honey.  It's horrible.
40) 7) dialog: Maybe you need to look at this as a sign to move on.  Just make a clean break.
40) 10) dialog: (agitated, interrupting) Joel, honey... We have to feed the dog. Would you just wait here?  Just a second. Joel nods, confused, as Rob and Carrie leave the room and close the door behind them.  Joel hears a hushed argument ensue in the hall.  He notices the dog asleep on the floo He grabs a magazine off the coffee table, flips through i distractedly as he paces, puts it down, picks up another. subscription card falls to the floor.  He picks it up and about to shove it back in the magazine when he sees it is a subscription card at all.  It reads: Clementine Kruczynski has had Joel Barish erased from her memory.  Please never mention their relationship to her again.  Thank you. Lacuna Ltd. 610 11th Avenue, NY, NY
40) 11) text: Joel stares at the card, incredulous. Later: Rob and Carrie are now back in the room.
40) 12) dialog: You weren't supposed to see that.
40) 14) dialog: Sweetie, we called the company. Joel just stands there. Close-up of a vague dictionary page.
113) 2) dialog: I hope you feel better, sweetie.
113) 4) dialog: Say hi to Naomi. The car door closes.
117) 0) text: Rob drives.  Carrie fiddles with the radio dial in the fr passenger seat.  Joel sits in the back.
117) 1) dialog: I'm sorry Naomi couldn't make it.  You okay?  You seem quiet.
117) 5) dialog: I did.  You said, things were fine.
117) 7) dialog: This is the night you met Clementine, Joel.  I remember watching you walk down the beach with her and I thought, oh shit.
117) 9) dialog: I told you that later. Joel looks out he window.  He sees the husk of a memory o the darkened roadside.  It's Joel and Carrie in:
118) 0) text: Faded.  Carrie and Joel sit at the table with coffee.
118) 1) dialog: Who was the girl you walked off with?
119) 0) text: Rob, Carrie, and Joel emerge from the car, parked amidst small cluster of cars in an otherwise empty parking lot.
120) 1) dialog: Is this the right way?
121) 0) text: Joel, Rob, and Carrie step out of the brush and see a bon down the beach.  People and music can be heard.
125) 0) text: Joel sits in the back seat, Rob and Carrie are in the fro
125) 1) dialog: Did you have fun? Joel nods glumly. Carrie continues to talk, but her voice goes under as Joe studies the faded husks of memories, piled like refuse outside the moving car window.  He sees dried-out version previous interactions with Clementine playing out in loop He looks back and sees the memory of his ride home from t beach with Rob and Carrie.  It, too, is decaying.  Soon a has crumbled into dust.  Everything goes black.
145) 0) text: Carrie is on the phone.  She pauses nervously, then speak
145) 1) dialog: Yes, Joel.  It is true.  We weren't supposed to say anything.  They say it's like waking a sleepwalker.