16) 0) text: FIGURES MOVE TOWARD US down a corridor of polished tile a tone walls.  DR. PETER SILBERMAN, a smug criminal psychol leads a group of young INTERNS.  Following laconically, a BURLY ATTENDANTS.
18) 5) text: Let's move on, shall we? As the interns walk on, Silberman steps close to DOUGLAS, attendant, and speaks low.
60) 0) text: Sarah is using the paper clip on the door lock.  She hear tapping sound.  It's getting louder, coming her way.  She to work on the lock. 65      IN THE CORRIDOR.  Douglas the attendant is tappin the wall like he does every night on his rounds.  He shin mag-light in the windows of the cells as he passes, barel 65A     He rounds the corner.  His footsteps echo in the The tip of the stick hits the wall. Tap, tap, tap... getting closer to Sarah's cell.  He stop door.  He is about to shine his light in when he notices utility closet across the hall is open.  He goes to shut absently flicking his light into the dark closet.  He not something strange among the buckets and cleaning supplies on the floor, with its handle snapped off about halfway u other half is missing. Douglas ponders this for half a second, then hears a SOUN and spins around.  The sound he heard was Sarah's cell do The missing two feet of MOP HANDLE fill his vision as it viciously across the bridge of his nose. 250 pounds of doughy attendant hit the floor like a sack Sarah slams the makeshift baton down expertly across the head, bouncing him off the linoleum.  Lights out, Douglas She drags him into her cell and locks him in with his own swaps her mop-handle for his nice heavy night-stick. 65B     Sarah moves down the dark corridor, cat-stepping She holds the baton like a pro, laid back along the forea style.  She looks dangerous.
63) 0) text: A small room before a short SALLY-PORT corridor designed violent inmates from making a run for it.  There are door end.  The first one is barred like a jail-cell door, and is a steel fire door.  The attendants have a video monito they can see the corridor on the other side of the doors. The two bored attendants barely notice the T-1000/Guard a approaches.  Looks briefly at a chart next to the door, s SARAH CONNOR is in #19. 67A     IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 passes a nurses a cage, walled in by heavy metal mesh.  Silberman, leanin doorway, is talking to an attendant in the cage.  He does twice at Lewis the Guard passing by. 68      SARAH, moving like a ghost in the darkened corrid coming and quietly but quickly unlocks a cell next to her Douglas' master key. 68A     She slips into the cell and waits as the footstep We glimpse the T-1000/Guard pass the window. She waits as the footsteps fade away.  She looks over.  A inmate, strapped to a bed, watches her with bird-like eye a finger to her lips -- SSHHH.  The inmate nods.  Sarah e 68B     POV MOVING TOWARD nurse's station.  We hear Silbe reviewing medication with the night attendant. ON SILBERMAN, yawning, looking at his watch. He turns to go... Sarah is there. She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the follows him in.  The orderly jumps up, going for his stun nails him with Douglas' baton.  WHAP-WHAP-WHAP!  You can the thing she's swinging it so fast.  The guys goes down. Silberman lunges for the alarm button and she cracks down arm.  He cries out and grabs his wrist. She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton. His legs buckle and he drops to his knees with his chin o She pins him with one hand.  He face is full of outraged
65) 0) text: The attendants at the security checkpoint look up at the someone enters the corridor.  They see Sarah, holding Sil syringe-point. Sarah speaks to them through an intercom on the wall.  He comes through the speaker.
65) 2) dialog: There's no way, Connor.  Let him go. Silberman's face is the color of suet.