18) 5) text: Let's move on, shall we? As the interns walk on, Silberman steps close to DOUGLAS, attendant, and speaks low.
19) 0) text: Sarah looks up as the cell door opens.  Douglas walks in idly tapping his POLICE BATON against the door in a omino The other two orderlies ease in behind him.  One of them STUN BATON (like a sawed-off cattle prod).  The other has cups of red liquid-thorazine.
19) 1) dialog: Time to take you meds, Connor. Sarah faces him, weight centered.  Feral eyes darting fro other.
19) 3) dialog: Now you know you got to be good 'cause you up for review this afternoon...
19) 5) dialog: Ain't no trouble at all -- He whips the baton in a whistling backhand, which -- WHAP!  Takes her square in the stomach.  She doubles over to her knees, unable to breathe.  Douglas tips the bed an down with a crash, right new to her.  He takes her stun w the other attendant and walks forward. TIGHT ON SARAH, grimacing and struggling to breathe.
19) 7) dialog: Last call, sugar. Gasping, she chokes the zombie juice down.
26) 0) text: Sarah staggers from her cell.  Reese is already, impossib hundred feet away, striding down the dim corridor.  A sil in a long coat, disappearing around a corner. Sarah runs after him, her bare feet slapping the cold lin Her hospital gown floats out behind her as she dream-runs seemingly infinite corridor.  She reaches the corner, sli it, and... 30A     Slams right into the arms of Douglas and his thre grab her as she struggles and screams.  The Silberman is smiling soothingly.  They force her down and she is pinne the floor, screaming.  A new figure approaches... one eve menacing. TERMINATOR walks toward her, with heavy measured steps. eyes concealed by the sunglasses, it stands over her like of death itself.  It reaches down and... Takes her hand.  Lifts her up.  Leads her to a door.  The together.  Emerging into... 30B     A BEAUTIFUL SUNLIGHT MORNING.  CHILDREN are playi down slides, clambering through a jungle gym.  Sarah know dream know... it's is the worst of all her nightmares.  S to scream but no sound comes out. 30C     THE SKY EXPLODES into WHITE LIGHT.  Everything is glare, hotter than a thousand suns.  The children ignite match heads.  Sarah is burning, screaming silently, every and overexposed.  Terminator's flesh and clothing are bur silently.  It grips her hand, Virgil to her Dante in this nuclear-age Inferno. 30D     THE BLAST WAVE HITS... a near-solid wall of compr by 250-mph winds.  The children, charcoal statues frozen of play, explode into black leaves of ash and swirl away. hit now, with a thunderous roar.  Sarah's scream merges w howl of the wind as the blast hits her, exploding the fle bones.  Beside her, Terminator is stripped of its burnt f becoming a smoking skeleton of steel. 30E     Then she wake up... in her cell, shackled to the her eyes.  She looks desperate and defeated.  She knows t coming.  It visits her every time she closes her eyes.  L alone, Sarah feels all hope recede for herself and for hu
56) 0) text: Douglas inches up the last of Sarah's restraints.  Then h over her... looking down.  Even wrecked as she is, we see in her face.  He bends down.  We think he's going to kiss Instead he runs his tongue across her face like a dog wou seems not to even see him.  Her dull eyes past him.  He c provoke a reaction.  Even here, strapped down, the two of she give him no superiority.  He smirks and leaves.  We h sound of his night-stick tapping its way down the corrido fainter. Sarah's eyes snap suddenly alert.  There is intensity and them.  She slips the paper clip out from between her fing awkwardly spreads it open into a straight piece of wire. painful concentration she moves it toward the lock of the that bind her wrists to the bed at her sides.
60) 0) text: Sarah is using the paper clip on the door lock.  She hear tapping sound.  It's getting louder, coming her way.  She to work on the lock. 65      IN THE CORRIDOR.  Douglas the attendant is tappin the wall like he does every night on his rounds.  He shin mag-light in the windows of the cells as he passes, barel 65A     He rounds the corner.  His footsteps echo in the The tip of the stick hits the wall. Tap, tap, tap... getting closer to Sarah's cell.  He stop door.  He is about to shine his light in when he notices utility closet across the hall is open.  He goes to shut absently flicking his light into the dark closet.  He not something strange among the buckets and cleaning supplies on the floor, with its handle snapped off about halfway u other half is missing. Douglas ponders this for half a second, then hears a SOUN and spins around.  The sound he heard was Sarah's cell do The missing two feet of MOP HANDLE fill his vision as it viciously across the bridge of his nose. 250 pounds of doughy attendant hit the floor like a sack Sarah slams the makeshift baton down expertly across the head, bouncing him off the linoleum.  Lights out, Douglas She drags him into her cell and locks him in with his own swaps her mop-handle for his nice heavy night-stick. 65B     Sarah moves down the dark corridor, cat-stepping She holds the baton like a pro, laid back along the forea style.  She looks dangerous.
63) 0) text: A small room before a short SALLY-PORT corridor designed violent inmates from making a run for it.  There are door end.  The first one is barred like a jail-cell door, and is a steel fire door.  The attendants have a video monito they can see the corridor on the other side of the doors. The two bored attendants barely notice the T-1000/Guard a approaches.  Looks briefly at a chart next to the door, s SARAH CONNOR is in #19. 67A     IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 passes a nurses a cage, walled in by heavy metal mesh.  Silberman, leanin doorway, is talking to an attendant in the cage.  He does twice at Lewis the Guard passing by. 68      SARAH, moving like a ghost in the darkened corrid coming and quietly but quickly unlocks a cell next to her Douglas' master key. 68A     She slips into the cell and waits as the footstep We glimpse the T-1000/Guard pass the window. She waits as the footsteps fade away.  She looks over.  A inmate, strapped to a bed, watches her with bird-like eye a finger to her lips -- SSHHH.  The inmate nods.  Sarah e 68B     POV MOVING TOWARD nurse's station.  We hear Silbe reviewing medication with the night attendant. ON SILBERMAN, yawning, looking at his watch. He turns to go... Sarah is there. She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the follows him in.  The orderly jumps up, going for his stun nails him with Douglas' baton.  WHAP-WHAP-WHAP!  You can the thing she's swinging it so fast.  The guys goes down. Silberman lunges for the alarm button and she cracks down arm.  He cries out and grabs his wrist. She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton. His legs buckle and he drops to his knees with his chin o She pins him with one hand.  He face is full of outraged
63) 3) dialog: Open the door!  The goddamn bitch is loose in the halls! To Douglas' amazement, Lewis the Guard turns impassively away, leaving him shouting soundlessly at the window.