35) 0) text: Officer X has stopped two young girls in front of a 7-Ele leaning out the cruiser window and showing them the pictu The first girl nods.
35) 1) dialog: Yeah, he was here about fifteen minutes ago.  I think he said he was going to the Galleria.
84) 0) text: Sarah sits at the picnic table.  The weapons are cleaned is done.  She hasn't slept in twenty-four hours and she s the weight of the whole world on her shoulder. She draws her knife from its belt sheath. Idly starts to carve something on the table top... the le A114    NOT FAR AWAY, John and Terminator are packing the A115    ON SARAH, AT THE TABLE as she looks up from her c She watches Salceda's kids playing nearby... wrestling wi dog and loving it.  Sarah watches Yolanda walking her tod hands.  Backlit, stylized.  She looks over at John.  Load supplies. A116    ANGLE ON kids playing. A117    SARAH'S HEAD droops.  She closes her eyes. A118    TIGHT ON small children playing.  Different ones. Wider now, to reveal a playground in a park.  Very idylli playground, crowded with laughing children playing on swi and a jungle gym.  It could be the playground we saw melt in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029.  But here the gra green and the sun is shining. 118A    Sarah, short-haired, looking drab and paramilitar playground.  An outsider.  Her fingers are hooked in a ch fence and she is staring through the fence at the young m playing with their kids.  A grim-faced harbinger. 118B    Some girls play skip-rope.  Their sing-song weave burbling laughter of the kids.  One of the young mothers two-year-old son by the hands.  She is wearing a pink wai uniform.  She turns to us, laughing. It is Sarah.  Beautiful.  Radiant.  Sarah from another li uncontaminated by the dark future.  She glances at the st beyond the fence. 118C    Grim-faced Sarah presses against the fence.  She them in SLOW MOTION.  No sound comes from her mouth.  She fence in frustration, shaking it.  Screaming soundlessly. Waitress Sarah's smile falls.  Then returns as her little some sand at her.  She laughs, turns away, as if the woma fence were a shadow, a trick of light.
135) 37) dialog: Tie me, grandma. Grandma Sarah smiles.  It is the only time we have seen h far.  She bends as the little girls puts her foot up on t She ties as we hear: