11) 0) text: Janelle storms into the room.  TOD VOIGHT, her husband, w sports on the TV.  They're both in their thirties.  Middl working stiffs.
11) 1) dialog: I swear I've had it with that goddamn kid. He won't even answer me. (neither does he)
22) 0) text: CLOSE ON COMPUTER TERMINAL, attached to the dash.  A Juve Division file.  Subject: John Connor.  Below his ARREST R his vital stats.  Mother: Sarah Connor.  Legal Guardians: Janelle Voight.  And below their names, an address: 523 S Reseda, Ca. OFFICER X stares at the screen for a moment.  Then gets o
23) 6) dialog: There was a guy here this morning asking about him, too.
48) 0) text: Janelle Voight picks up the kitchen phone and cradles it shoulder which she continues to chop vegetables with a la She answers sweetly.
48) 1) dialog: Hello?
48) 3) text: Janelle?  It's me. In the backyard, John's German Shepherd is going bonkers, something.
48) 4) dialog: John?  Where are you, honey?  It's late.  You should come home, dear.  I'm making a casserole. AT THE PAYPHONE.  John listens, an odd look on his face. the phone's mouthpiece and turns to Terminator.
48) 6) text: Something's wrong.  She's never this nice. IN THE VOIGHTS' KITCHEN.  Todd comes through the kitchen' Just home from work.  He ignores Janelle and opens the fr a carton of milk.  Takes a sip.  Frowns at the dog's bark
48) 11) dialog: (filtered)
48) 18) dialog: (filtered)
49) 0) text: Janelle hangs up the phone.  Her expression is neutral. PAN OVER along her arm, which is stretched out straight f shoulder.  Partway along its length her arm has turned sm something else... a metal cylinder which tapers into a sw spike.  Now we see Todd Voight PINNED TO A KITCHEN CABINE spike which has punched through his milk carton, through and exits the back of his head into the cabinet door.  Hi glassy and lifeless. The spike is withdrawn -- SWIISHHTT! -- so rapidly, Todd standing there a second before he slumps out of sight.  T 53A     Janelle doesn't bat an eye as the spike smoothly color, transforming back into a hand, and then... 53B     JANELLE CHANGES rapidly into the COP we now know change has liquid quality.  T-1000 opens the back door.
52) 0) text: T-1000 walks down the dark hall.  It passes the bathroom the real Janelle's legs through the half-open door.  The running.  Her blood mixes with water on the white tile fl 56A     In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching met dark. Calmly and dispassionately ripping the room apart for any could lead it to its target.  T-1000 finds a box of audio marked "Messages from Mom".  In it are some letters, and filled with snapshots.  It begins looking through some of photos... SHOT OF JOHN AND SARAH during the missing years.  Sarah i cammos with an RPG 7 grenade launcher, teaching John how Sarah with a group of military-clad Guatemalan men, stand cases of Stinger missiles.  John and Sarah in a Contra ca the mountains.