10) 0) text: TIGHT ON YOUNG JOHN CONNOR, who at his moment is ten year busy reassembling the carburetor on his Honda 125 dirtbik ripped Levi's and long stringy hair.  A sullen mouth.  Ey reveal an intelligence as sharp as a scalpel.  The Ramone Be Sedated" blasts from a boom box next to him. A WOMAN, JANELLA VOIGHT, stands in the doorway of the gar yelling over the music.
10) 3) dialog: Gimme that Phillips right there.
12) 0) text: John hops on the bike.  Kick-starts it.  Tim picks up Joh bag, then climbs on the back.  Todd ENTERS and shouts ove engine, which John revs louder and louder.
12) 2) dialog: She's not my mother, Todd! He revs the engine and peels out of the garage, with Tim falling off the back.  They take off down the street.
13) 0) text: John cuts through a vacant lot to a trail running beside drainage canal.  He guns the bike through a hole in the r fence.  Tim's eyes go wide as they roar down the concrete 17A     IN THE DRAINAGE CANAL John zig-zags along, throwi roostertail of muddy water.  Tim shouts, pretending he di see his life flash before his eyes.  He slaps John on the
13) 2) text: She dead or something? It's hard to read John's expression.
13) 3) dialog: She might as well be. John twists the throttle angrily and the bike lunges forw
20) 0) text: John furtively hunches before a Ready-Teller machine at t a local bank while his friend Tim stands lookout.  John s stolen ATM card into the machine slot.  It is something h up, because trailing from the card is ribbon-wire which g some kind of black-box electronics unit he's got in his e knapsack.  He holds the pack between his knees and pulls little lap-top keyboard, which is also connected to the b John enters a few commands and the plasma-screen displays number for that account.  He quickly enters the number on Teller's keypad and asks it for 300 bucks.  The machine w begins dispensing twenty-dollar bills.  Tim looks back ov shoulder amazed.
20) 1) dialog: Easy money!
20) 3) dialog: From my mom.  My real mom, I mean.  Come on baby... (he grabs the last bills)
21) 0) text: They huddle behind the building as John counts out Tim's He folds five twenties and palms them to the other kid. opens his wallet to put in his money, Tim notices a pictu plastic sleeve.
21) 3) dialog: Actually, no, she's a complete psycho.  That's why she's up at Pescedero.  She tries to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested.
21) 5) dialog: Yeah, she's a total loser.  C'mon, let's check out the 7-Eleven, whatya say? John has tried to sound casual, but we see in his eyes th hurts.  He slaps Tim on the shoulder and they jump onto h John fires up and they whine off down the alley.
22) 0) text: CLOSE ON COMPUTER TERMINAL, attached to the dash.  A Juve Division file.  Subject: John Connor.  Below his ARREST R his vital stats.  Mother: Sarah Connor.  Legal Guardians: Janelle Voight.  And below their names, an address: 523 S Reseda, Ca. OFFICER X stares at the screen for a moment.  Then gets o
24) 0) text: ANGLE THROUGH AN ALLEY from the main street.  We see John flash by on the Honda a block away.  Hold a beat.  Then.. A BIG CHROME WHEEL ENTERS FRAME.  BOOM UP a leather-clad Terminator's implacable face.  It surveys the area slowly bike idles, then kicks it into gear and moves on, scannin slow shark-like manner, not aware that it missed its prey seconds.
37) 0) text: John works his way through a crowded video arcade.  Sees knows.  Stops to talk, striking a pose.  Mall rats in the We don't hear the dialogue.
38) 0) text: TERMINATOR'S idling Harley shakes the parking garage wall at a row of bikes near the escalators.  John's little Hon proudly with the big street bikes.  Terminator parks.
39) 0) text: OFFICER X is moving through the flow of shoppers.  The pl He stops some kids and shows them the picture.  They shru 43A     IN A CROWDED VIDEO ARCADE JOHN is lost in an inte a new high score at "Missile Command".  He parries deftly ICBMs deploy their MIRVs... the warheads stream down... i he can deal with.  The world gets nuked.  Game over.  He away from the game, looking for another.  Bored. RACK FOCUS to Officer X passing the entrance of the store The cop moves on, down the concourse, out of sight. John gets in an "Afterburner" simulator game. 43B     ON TERMINATOR, walking through the crowd in slow He moves with methodical purpose, knowing the target is c see that he is, incredibly, carrying a box of LONG-STEM R some hopeful guy with a hot date. 43C     THE COP is pointed toward the arcade by come kids multi-cinema.  He walks into the maze of kids engaged in combat.  Cheap electronic effects blare above the crowd n 43D     JOHN is shooting down MiGs at Mach 2.  His friend to him.  Taps him on the shoulder, trying to play it cool
40) 0) text: John emerges through a firedoor into a long corridor with to the parking garage.  He's running full out, when aroun ahead of him comes... TERMINATOR.  Time stretches to nightmarish crawl as John brake to a stop.  Terminator reaches into the box of rose SLOW MOTION.  The cold back steel of the SHOTGUN emerges falls open, the roses spilling to the floor.  TERMINATOR' crushes the flowers as it moves forward. JOHN, transfixed by terror, is trapped in the narrow feat shooting gallery of the corridor.  THE SHOTGUN COMES UP. expressionlessly strides forward.  Jacks a round into the slow and fluid. John looks behind him for a place to run.  Sees the cop c him, pulling his Beretta pistol.  Incredibly, John realiz is aiming his gun at him! John looks back at Terminator.  He is starting into the b of the 10-gauge now.  Aimed right at his head.  He realiz screwed.  Then something crazy happens...
41) 0) text: John is frantically pumping the kick-start of his bike, s shitless and the damned thing won't start.  His hands are badly he can't find the choke.  He looks up to see -- The T-1000 running down the corridor toward him. John fumbles with the choke.  The bike catches.  He slams and spins the bike out into the main aisle of the garage. John looks back... the T-1000 is behind him, running.  He throttle and guns the little bike forward.  Incredibly, t is gaining.  This nightmare isn't happening.  John races ramp, and charges right into the street.
42) 0) text: John shoots into the busy traffic.  Cuts off a BIG-RIG TO The DRIVER swears.  Hits his air horn.  What the driver d is the cop, running faster than O.J. Simpson at the airpo emerges onto the street and runs back at his truck. 46A     IN THE TRUCK.  The driver hears a thump as someth door, then feels himself pulled right out.  T-1000 slides takes his place.  The truck is still rolling along about T-1000 accelerates after John without missing a beat.  It up ahead, weaving through traffic. 46B     Out of the garage entrance, Terminator roars onto Harley. He accelerates after the others.
43) 0) text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he it before.  He races along the bottom of the canal, turni narrower tributary which has vertical sides. He looks back.  No sign of pursuit. 47A     Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great s The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches i into the center of the canal. It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, h angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous gri metal.  It ricochets back and forth between the walls the like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forwa speed. 47B     John looks back and sees this wall of metal almos concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle th has.  The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal in a tunnel.  Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy backlit in the setting sun.  It looks like some kind of d it's gaining. 47C     ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, fighting to overtake them.  He looks down and sees John w truck from Hell catching up to him.  It is only about twe behind him and still gaining. 47D     ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate of metal filling frame behind him. 47E     ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to road.  Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps t the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaul bordering the canal.  It slams down at the edge of the ca along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerat truck in the canal below. 47F     John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosi massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into h fender.  Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.  All this is about sixty miles and hour.  Top speed for the little dir 47G     SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the cana down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. out, an explosion of sparks under the frame.  Only the ul reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright.  Termi for control. 47H     He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars Honda. Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm an onto the Harley, in front of him.  John's Honda weaves an smashing instantly under thundering tires. The Harley roars ahead.  It hits eighty.  Ahead is an ove supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into channels.  The Harley thunders into one channel, which is a short tunnel. 47I     The truck can't fit on either side.  Neither can speed.  Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and the concrete abutment at seventy. 47J     Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looki fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side explode. Terminator stops the Harley.  John peers around his body destruction.  A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel a the mud.  Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, do disappearing around a bend. 47K     ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke ris Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a s flame.  A figure appears in the fire. Just an outline.  Walking slowly... calmly. The figure emerges from the flames. It is human-shaped but far from human.  A smooth chrome m servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its c hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liq surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it wal reminds us of mercury.  A mercury man.  Its face is simpl Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us. With each step detail returns. First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial fea ears... 47K     But it's still al chrome.  With its last step, th everything.  It is the cop again... handsome young face, mustache.  Icy eyes.  It stops and looks around. It is a perfect chameleon.  A liquid metal robot.  A kill with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of h 47L     ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fi T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them.  More cops ar blends in perfectly.  There are always cops at diasters a violence.  We now see why its choice of protective mimicr perfect. It walks among the other cops unnoticed. Gets into one of the squad cars.  Starts it and drives aw
44) 0) text: Terminator, with John in front of him on the Harley, roar empty street.  John cranes his neck around to get a look person/thing he is riding with.  The image is strangely r of father/son, out for an evening ride. John is still in shock from the experience of what just h he's just a ten-year kid, but he's also John Connor who w rise to greatness, and we see a bit of that in him even k
44) 1) dialog: Whoa... time out.  Stop the bike! Terminator immediately complies.  He leans the bike into They head into a nearby alley.
45) 0) text: Terminator and John rolls into the alley and come to a st slides off the gas tank.  Terminator impassively stares a checks him out.  Tentatively speaks.
45) 1) dialog: Now don't take this the wrong way, but you are a terminator, right?
45) 3) dialog: No way! John touches Terminator's skin.  Then the blood on his ja His mind overloads as the reality of it hits him.
45) 4) dialog: Holy shit... you're really real!  I mean... whoah! (stepping back)
45) 7) dialog: This in intense.  Get a grip, John.  Okay, uh... you're not here to kill me... I figured that part out for myself.  So what's the deal?
45) 9) dialog: Yeah?  Who sent you?
45) 11) dialog: This is deep.
46) 0) text: John and Terminator on the bike again, weaving through th streets.  They blend into the evening traffic.  In the da Terminator's wounds are not readily visible.  John cranes and back.
46) 1) dialog: So this other guy?  He's a terminator too, right, like you?
46) 3) dialog: What does that mean?
46) 5) dialog: Radical.
46) 7) dialog: Where we going?
46) 9) dialog: Can I stop by my house?
46) 11) dialog: You sure?
47) 0) text: John is quickly going through his pockets for change.  He of bills but no quarters.
47) 1) dialog: Look, Todd and Janelle are dicks but I gotta warn them.  Shit!  You got a quarter? Terminator reaches past John and smashes the cover plate phone's cash box with the heel of his hand.  A shower of tumbles out.  Terminator hands one to John.  John dials.
48) 2) dialog: (filtered through phone)
48) 3) text: Janelle?  It's me. In the backyard, John's German Shepherd is going bonkers, something.
48) 5) dialog: (whispering)
48) 10) dialog: The dog's really barking.  Maybe it's already there.  What should I do? Terminator takes the phone from John's hand.  Janelle's v floating through the receiver.
48) 12) text: John?  John, are you okay? Terminator speaks into the phone in a perfect imitation o voice...
48) 14) text: I'm right here.  I'm fine. (to John, a whisper)
48) 16) dialog: Max. Terminator nods.  Speaks into the phone.
51) 0) text: Dark.  Off a quiet street.  Terminator stands near the Ha watching John pace before him.  John's brain is calling t This is all too weird.
51) 1) dialog: I need a minute here, okay?  You're telling me it can imitate anything it touches?
51) 3) dialog: Like it could disguise itself as anything... a pack of cigarettes?
51) 5) dialog: Well, why doesn't become a bomb or something to get me?
52) 0) text: T-1000 walks down the dark hall.  It passes the bathroom the real Janelle's legs through the half-open door.  The running.  Her blood mixes with water on the white tile fl 56A     In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching met dark. Calmly and dispassionately ripping the room apart for any could lead it to its target.  T-1000 finds a box of audio marked "Messages from Mom".  In it are some letters, and filled with snapshots.  It begins looking through some of photos... SHOT OF JOHN AND SARAH during the missing years.  Sarah i cammos with an RPG 7 grenade launcher, teaching John how Sarah with a group of military-clad Guatemalan men, stand cases of Stinger missiles.  John and Sarah in a Contra ca the mountains.
53) 0) text: John is now sitting on the curb, lost in stunned thought. stands above him, watching the street like a Doberman.  H down at John.
53) 1) dialog: We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that.  For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns.  Then there were some other guys.  She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from.  So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader.  Then she gets busted and it's like... sorry kid, your mom's a psycho.  Didn't you know?  It's like... everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy, right? I hated her for that. (he looks up)
53) 5) dialog: Oh, great.  And what happens to her? Terminator's reply is matter-of-fact.
53) 7) dialog: TERMINATED!?  Shit!  Why didn't you tell me? We gotta right now!
53) 9) dialog: Yeah, well fuck you, she's a priority to me! John strides away.  Terminator goes after him and grabs h John struggles against the grip.  Which doesn't do him mu
53) 10) dialog: Hey, goddammit!  What's your problem? Starts dragging John back to the bike.  John spots a coup collage-age slab-o-meat JOCK-TYPES across the street and yelling to them.
53) 11) dialog: Help!  HELP!!  I'm being kidnapped!  Get this psycho off of me! The TWO JOCKS start toward him.  John yells in outrage to
53) 12) dialog: Let go of me!! To his surprise, Terminator's hand opens so fast John fal his butt. He looks up at the open hand.
53) 13) dialog: Oww!  Why'd you do that?
53) 15) dialog: You have to do what I say?!
53) 17) dialog: Prove it... stand on one foot. Terminator expressionlessly lifts one leg. John grins.  He's the first on his block...
53) 18) dialog: Cool!  My own terminator.  This is great! The two guys get there and look at Terminator standing th with one leg up in the air.  This big guy in black leathe glasses, standing like a statue.
53) 20) dialog: Take a hike, bozo.
53) 22) dialog: Dipshit?  Did you say dipshit?! (to Terminator)
53) 24) dialog: Now who's the dipshit, you jock douchebag? Immediately, things get out of hand.  The guy's friend ju Terminator and tries to grab him in a full nelson -- Terminator throws the first guy across the hood of a car Grabs the second by the hair, whips out his .45 in a quic aims the muzzle at the guy's forehead. John grabs Terminator's arm with a yell as he pulls the t John's weight is just enough to deflect the gun a few inc guy flinches, stunned by the K-BOOM next to his ear.  He shocked.  Pissing himself.  John is freaking out, too. He screams at Terminator.
53) 25) dialog: Put the gun down!  NOW!! Terminator sets the .45 on the sidewalk.  John scoops it turns to the shocked civilians, who can't believe what ju
53) 26) dialog: Walk away. They do.  Fast.  John grabs Terminator by the arm and tug the bike.  John still holds the gun, reluctant to give it
53) 27) dialog: Jesus... you were gonna kill that guy!
53) 29) dialog: Listen to me, very carefully, okay?  You're not a terminator any more.  Alright?  You got that? You can't just go around killing people!
53) 31) dialog: Whattaya mean, why?  'Cause you can't!
53) 33) dialog: You just can't, okay?  Trust me on this. Terminator doesn't get it.  John just stares at him.  Fri what just almost happened.  He gets a glimpse of the resp that comes with power.  Finally he hands the .45 back to who puts it away.
53) 34) dialog: Look, I'm gonna go get my mom.  You wanna come along, that's fine with me.
54) 0) text: T-1000 finds an envelope... a letter from Sarah to John s she's been at Pescadero State Hospital.  It reads the ret on the envelope.  It has what it needs.  It picks up a ta and the battered shoebox full of Sarah's tapes and exits.
57) 0) text: Terminator and John charge through the night on the Harle Streetlights flare past them like comets.  Two serious gu mission.  One a ten-year old kid, the other a half-man/ha cyborg from the post-Apocalyptic future.
64) 0) text: Terminator and John are approaching the guard gate on the They can see the guard inside looks up at the sound of th
64) 1) dialog: Now remember, you're not gonna kill anyone, right?
64) 3) dialog: Swear.
64) 5) dialog: Just say "I swear I won't kill anyone." John holds his hand up, like he's being sworn in.  Termin at John a beat.  Then mimics the gesture.
65) 11) dialog: Mom!!  Wait! Sarah doesn't hear.  She has clicked fully into her own n They take off running after Sarah. 73C     She is pelting down the long corridor, back the w reaches an intersection with a cross-corridor a white-cla blurs from that corridor.  The orderly hits her in a flyi She skids across the floor, shrieking and struggling.  Th orderlies leap into the fray.
65) 13) dialog: Mom, are you okay? She looks from Terminator to John.  Back to Terminator. Is this a nightmare?  Or has she finally gone truly bad? Incredibly, Terminator politely reaches his hand down to to help her up.  The last thing she ever expected to see.
65) 15) dialog: It's all right, Mom.  He's here to help. Sarah, is a daze, takes the huge hand in her shaking fing Terminator lifts her to her feet. 73D     John sees a GUARD standing thirty feet away, on t walls of bars.  John doesn't know what we know, but he kn something's not right with this guy.  Terminator turns to John's gaze. The T-1000 had its pistol in its hand, at its side. Terminator pushes John behind him.  They start backing up 73E     The T-1000 walks forward, reaching the bars.  It Its body divides like jello around the bars.  As it squee through like metal playdough, its surface reforms perfect side.  We see it deform and squeeze through like a viscou forced past an obstacle. Silberman has recovered enough to be sitting up and watch That faint snapping sound is his mind. There is a CLANK and we see that the guard's gun has caug the bars... the only solid object.  The T-1000 turns its tries again, slipping the gun endwise through the gap. 73F     Sarah is agape.  Not reacting.  It's been a heavy Terminator grabs John by the seat of his pants and hooks his back.  John grabs him around the neck.  Terminator ra shotgun and starts backing up.
66) 1) dialog: Can you see anything? 81B     TERMINATOR'S POV.  A monochrome image of the high day. 81C     Terminator replies in a matter-of-fact tone.
66) 3) dialog: Cool. Sarah looks at Terminator, still not quite believing this happening.  But this is a different Sarah than the waitre She spends only a second or two dealing with the unbeliev Then she turns to John in the back seat.
66) 5) dialog: I said I was okay. Sarah looks at him, exasperated and stern.
66) 8) dialog: I... had to get you out of the place... I'm sorry, I... His face crumples.  He starts to cry.  Sarah gives him a
70) 8) dialog: Does it hurt?
70) 12) dialog: How long do you live?  I mean, last?
70) 14) dialog: Can you learn?  So you can be... you know. More human.  Not such a dork all the time. Terminator turns towards him.
70) 19) dialog: Can we reset the switch?
70) 24) dialog: Can you see the pin switch? She ignores him.  See looks at Terminator. The back at the chip. Then she sets it on the work table and picks up a small s John realizes what she is about to do.  Dives at her as t whistling down.
70) 25) dialog: No!!!! He slaps his hand down over the chip. Sarah barely stops the sledge before smashing his fingers
70) 27) dialog: No!  Don't kill him!
70) 29) dialog: Alright, it!  We need it! John keeps his hand right where it is.
70) 31) dialog: But it's the only proof we have to the future... about the war and all that.
70) 33) dialog: Look, Mom, if I'm supposed to ever be this great leader, you should start listening to my leadership ideas once in a while.  'Cause if you won't, nobody else will. Smart kid.  He's got her.  She nods, reluctantly.  He pal and studies it minutely. 89B     John takes a pin and moves the almost invisible s position. It is now in "write" mode.  Then he grimaces as he insert back into the slot in Terminator's skull. 89C     TERMINATOR VISION flares back to life in a burst forms.  Sarah and John stands behind him in the mirror.
70) 35) dialog: No problem.  None whatsoever.
71) 0) text: John and Terminator walks to an old Chevy pickup parked b garage.  The day is clear but windy.  Dust devils chase t behind the place.  The pickup is locked but Terminator br window with his fist and opens the door.  He and John cli 92A     IN THE PICKUP.  Terminator has this trick (which you had servo-driven steel fingers) where he smashes the a steering column with one blow from the palm of his hand shatters he strips it away with a single move, and then t of the lock-mechanism with his fingertips.  This starts t It takes about three seconds. In fact, he does it so quickly, the truck is running by t flips down the sun visor.  A set of keys drops out and Jo them.  Dangles them in front of Terminator's eyes.
71) 1) dialog: Are we learning yet? 92B     Sarah comes out.  She's found a mechanic's covera fairly clean.  It doesn't fit her too well, but it's bett stuff from the hospital.  She's still barefoot. The sun, which she hasn't seen in months, hurts her eyes, Terminator and John pull up in the pickup.  She gets in.
72) 3) dialog: No, no, no.  You gotta listen to the way people talk.  See, you don't say like "Affirmative" or some shit like that.  You say... no problemo. Terminator nods, filing away the information.  Sarah is i lesson, lost in thought.
72) 4) dialog: It someone comes off to you with an attitude, you say "eat me"... if you wanna shine them on, it's "Hasta la vista, baby".
72) 6) dialog: Yeah, or "later, dickwad."  Or if someone gets upset you say "chill out."  Like that.  Or you can do combinations.
72) 8) dialog: That's great!  See, you're getting it.
73) 0) text: There's a gas pump and a sleazy fast-food stand.  Picnic set up at the side of the food stand.  A family sits at o playing and running about. 96A     The pickup truck pulls into the lot.  Stops at th Sarah turns to John.
73) 2) dialog: Only a couple hundred bucks.  I'll give you half. Sarah grabs all of it.  Peels off a twenty, hands it to J
73) 4) dialog: No sense of humor. 97      THE ORDERING WINDOW as John and Terminator approa
73) 5) dialog: And that's another thing.  You could lighten up a bit, yourself.  This severe routine is getting old.  Smile once in a while.
73) 7) dialog: Yeah.  Smile.  You know.  People smile, right? Watch. Goes to the order window.
73) 8) dialog: (smiling broadly)
73) 12) dialog: (to Terminator)
73) 13) text: Okay.  Bad example.  Over there, look. John points at THREE TEENAGE GUYS standing at a drinking nearby.  One of them has said something funny and the oth laughing, grinning.
73) 14) dialog: Like that. TERMINATOR POV (DIGITIZED)  The real-time image continues replay of one of the guys grinning runs in a window.  It that the guy's mouth fills the window.  Replays again in A vector-graphic of the lips smiling appears, along with symbolic data. Terminator tries it.  The result is dismal.  A rictus-lik the lip.  Terminator's next effort is a marginal improvem
73) 15) dialog: I don't know, maybe you could practice in front of a mirror or something.
74) 0) text: Sarah and John are eating cheeseburgers and fries, sittin truck and on the curb respectively.  They are parked away other families, at the end of the gravel parking area.  T is pouring coolant into the radiator.  Sarah is deep in t turning and turning the whole thing in her brain.  John, deal with her silence, goes around to where Terminator is 98A     John sees two kids playing with machine-gun water viciously squirting each other.
74) 4) dialog: We're not gonna make it, are we?  People, I mean.
74) 6) dialog: Yeah.  Drag, huh?
76) 8) text: Good to see you, Connor.  I knew you'd make it back here sooner or later. He grins at John as he steps from the truck, and then clo Terminator getting out.
76) 10) dialog: (perfect Spanish)
76) 14) text: Yolanda.  Get out here, we got company.  And bring some fucking tequila! A thin Guatemalan KID, FRANCO, eighteen or so, comes out trailer with the AK-47, followed by Salceda's wife, YOLAN THREE younger children with her, from a five-year-old GIR to a year-and-half-old BOY.  She waves at John.  They exc greetings in Spanish.  They seem like nice people. Terminator looks down at John, next to him.  He says quie
77) 0) text: There is an aging and rusted Caterpillar sitting behind o trailers.  John expertly backs it toward Terminator who i one end of a piece of heavy chain which disappears into t
77) 1) dialog: Hook it on. Terminator hooks the chain onto the towhook on the back o tractor.  John hits the throttle and the Cat churns its t pulling some massive load.  A six-by-eight foot sheet of moves slowly under six inches of sand. John drags it far enough to reveal... a rectangular hole ground.  Like the mouth of a tomb.  The kid drops down fr tractor and walks to the hole.
77) 2) dialog: One thing about my mom... she always plans ahead.
78) 0) text: From inside the "tomb".  Sunlight slashes down into a cin room, less than six feet wide but over twenty long.  Sand the steps.  The walls are lined with guns. John precedes Terminator into Sarah's weapons cache.  Rif rocket launchers, mortars, RPGs, radio gear.  At the far containing ammo, grenades, etc. are stacked to the ceilin Terminator gets real alert.  Scanning, wondering where to picks up a MAC-10 machine pistol.  Racks the bolt.
78) 2) dialog: Yeah, I thought you'd like this place.
80) 1) dialog: See, I grew up in places like this, so I just thought it was how people lived... riding around in helicopters.  Learning how to blow shit up. John grabs an AK-47 and racks the bolt with a practiced a Inspects the receiver for wear.  Doesn't like what he see back.  His movement are efficient.  Professional.  Uninte
80) 2) dialog: Then, when Mom got busted I got put in a regular school.  The other kids were, like, into Nintendo. Terminator has found a Vietnam-era "blooper" M-79 grenade A very crude but effective weapon.  He opens the breech a the bore.
80) 3) dialog: Are you ever afraid? Terminator pauses for a second.  The thought never occurr He searches him mind for the answer...
80) 5) dialog: Not even of dying?
80) 7) dialog: You don't feel any emotion about it one way or the other?
80) 9) dialog: Yeah.  I have to stay functional too. (sing-songy)
80) 10) text: "I'm too important". Terminator pulls back a canvas tarp, revealing a squat, h with six barrels clustered in a blunt cylinder.  Chain-am from a canister sitting next to it.  A G.E. MINI-GUN.  Th fearsome anti-personnel weapon of the Vietnam era. Terminator hefts it.  Looks at John as if to say "Can I?
80) 11) dialog: It's definitely you.
81) 0) text: Sarah and John have their weapons and supply selections l two battered picnic tables for cleaning and packing.  Map documents, explosives, detonators... just the basics.  Sa stripping and cleaning guns, very methodical.  There is n motion. Not far away, John and Terminator are working on the Bron greasy up to their elbows, lying on their backs under the compartment, ratcheting bolts into places on the new wate
81) 1) dialog: There was this one guy that was kinda cool. He taught me engines.  Hold this a second.  Mom screwed it up, of course.  Sooner or later she'd always tell them about Judgment Day and me being this world leader and that's be all she wrote. John thinks he's being causal, but his longing for some k parental connection is obvious.
81) 3) dialog: Here.  I wish I coulda met my real dad.
81) 5) dialog: Yeah.  I guess so.  My mom says when I'm, like, 45, I think, I send him back through time to 1984.  But right now he hasn't even been born yet.  Man, is messes with your head.  Where's that other bolt? (Terminator hands it to him)
81) 8) dialog: You mean people?  I don't know.  We just cry. You know.  When it hurts.
81) 10) dialog: Uh-unh, no, it's different... It's when there's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway.  You get it?
81) 12) dialog: Alriight!!  My man!
82) 0) text: A police cruiser is parked off the side of a quiet, empty outskirts of Los Angeles.  A ribbon of traffic moves stea freeway in the distance.  Nothing stirs around the cruise pump-jacks sucking the earth on the hill behind it. A111    IN THE CRUISER.  The T-1000 sits inside.  John's spread out on the seat beside it.  Sarah's voice speaks f cassette deck.  John's tapes.  Her voices mixes with the chatter of the radio that T-1000 monitors for any signs o targets.
84) 0) text: Sarah sits at the picnic table.  The weapons are cleaned is done.  She hasn't slept in twenty-four hours and she s the weight of the whole world on her shoulder. She draws her knife from its belt sheath. Idly starts to carve something on the table top... the le A114    NOT FAR AWAY, John and Terminator are packing the A115    ON SARAH, AT THE TABLE as she looks up from her c She watches Salceda's kids playing nearby... wrestling wi dog and loving it.  Sarah watches Yolanda walking her tod hands.  Backlit, stylized.  She looks over at John.  Load supplies. A116    ANGLE ON kids playing. A117    SARAH'S HEAD droops.  She closes her eyes. A118    TIGHT ON small children playing.  Different ones. Wider now, to reveal a playground in a park.  Very idylli playground, crowded with laughing children playing on swi and a jungle gym.  It could be the playground we saw melt in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029.  But here the gra green and the sun is shining. 118A    Sarah, short-haired, looking drab and paramilitar playground.  An outsider.  Her fingers are hooked in a ch fence and she is staring through the fence at the young m playing with their kids.  A grim-faced harbinger. 118B    Some girls play skip-rope.  Their sing-song weave burbling laughter of the kids.  One of the young mothers two-year-old son by the hands.  She is wearing a pink wai uniform.  She turns to us, laughing. It is Sarah.  Beautiful.  Radiant.  Sarah from another li uncontaminated by the dark future.  She glances at the st beyond the fence. 118C    Grim-faced Sarah presses against the fence.  She them in SLOW MOTION.  No sound comes from her mouth.  She fence in frustration, shaking it.  Screaming soundlessly. Waitress Sarah's smile falls.  Then returns as her little some sand at her.  She laughs, turns away, as if the woma fence were a shadow, a trick of light.
84) 4) text: ... tonight, like you planned.  She will meet you tomorrow in... But John is moving, running after her.
84) 5) dialog: Mommm!! Wait!! A120B   MOVING WITH SARAH as she leaves the compound.  We after her... yelling.  Can't hear his words.  She looks i view mirror but doesn't slow down.
85) 0) text: John and Terminator ponders the message carved into the t picnic table.  Sarah's knife is still embedded there.
85) 1) dialog: "No fate."  No fate but what we make.  My father told her this... I mean I made him memorize it, up in the future, as a message to her -- Never mind.  Okay, the whole thing goes "The future is not set.  There is no fate but what we make for ourselves."
85) 3) dialog: I guess, yeah -- (snaps his fingers as it hit him)
85) 6) dialog: Yeah, gotta be!  Miles Dyson!  She's gonna blow him away! John motions to Terminator and breaks into a run.
85) 7) dialog: Come on.  Let's go.  LET'S GO!!
87) 0) text: TRACKING WITH THE BRONCO, Terminator and John heading tow
87) 2) dialog: Drive faster.
87) 4) dialog: I don't care.  We've gotta stop her.
87) 6) dialog: I don't care!! There's gotta be another way. Haven't you learned anything?!  Haven't you figured out why you can't kill people? Terminator is still stumped.
87) 7) dialog: Look, maybe you don't care if you live or die. But everybody's not like that!  Okay?!  We have feelings.  We hurt.  We're afraid.  You gotta learn this stuff, man, I'm not kidding.  It's important. PANNING as they pass, revealing the lights of the city ah
92) 0) text: Terminator and John leap from the jeep, sprinting toward The shots sound muffles from outside.
92) 1) dialog: Shit, we're too late!
93) 12) dialog: Mom?  You okay?
93) 15) dialog: Uh huh. She reaches out and takes his shoulder suddenly, surprisi drawing him to her.  She hugs him and a great sob wells u her, from a spring she had thought long dry.  She hugs hi as the sobs wrack her. John clutches her shoulders.  It is all he ever wanted.
93) 16) dialog: It's okay.  It'll by okay.  We'll figure it out.
93) 18) dialog: I know, Mom.  I know. TARISSA looks around at the bizarre tableau.  Terminator wordlessly ripped open Dyson's shirt and examined the wou
93) 23) dialog: Show him. Terminator takes off his jacket to reveal bare arms. John takes Blythe by the hands and leads her down the hal from what is about to happen. 136B    TIGHT ON TERMINATOR'S left forearm as the knife m below the elbow.  In one smooth motion, Terminator cuts a around his arm.  With a second cut, he splits the skin of from elbow to wrist. TERMINATOR grasps the skin and strips is off his forearm surgeon rips off a rubber glove.  It comes off with a suc leaving a bloody skeleton. But the skeleton is made of bright metal, and is laced wi actuators.  The fingers are as finely crafted as watch pa flex into a fist and extend.  Terminator holds it up, pal almost the exact position of the one in the vault at Cybe HOLD ON DYSON reacting to the servo-hand in front of him. He's seen one of these before. Tarissa is screaming now, but he doesn't hear her.
94) 0) text: Sarah puts out her fifth cigarette.  She's sitting on the John, Terminator, Dyson, and Tarissa are at the kitchen t a single overhead light. Dyson looks like that guy on the Sistine Chapel wall, the soul... eyes fixed and staring with terrifying knowledge. shoulder is bandaged.  Terminator's arm is wrapped with a bandage below the elbow.  The steel forearm and hand glea harsh kitchen light.  TRACKING AROUND THE TABLE as Termin speaks... we don't hear the words.
94) 5) dialog: Mom, Mom, we need to be more constructive here. I don't see this as a gender-related issue. (to the Dysons)
100) 0) text: John jumps up on the desk next to the wall-mounted locker stares in amazement as John starts pulling his counter-el gear out of his knapsack.  It's just another Ready-Teller
100) 1) dialog: You guys get started on the lab... I can open this. 145A    Dyson leads Terminator and Sarah to the main lab servo-lock. He tries his card.  Nothing.
100) 5) text: John!  Fire-in-the-hole! John drops what he is doing, and covers his ears. Terminator fires at inhumanely close range. 145B    The door EXPLODES into kindling.  The concussion open, and flying shrapnel whizzes all around him.  Before thunderclap has faded Terminator walks into the fire and John goes back to work without missing a beat. Sarah and a stunned Dyson walk through the burning doorfr Artificial Intelligence Lab. A SIREN is sounding.  The HALON FIRE-CONTROL SYSTEM has b triggered.  The invisible gas roars in, putting out the f
104) 0) text: John taps away at his little lap-top, which is running co combinations into the card-key lock.  Suddenly, the green the lock goes on and it unlocks with a clunk.
104) 1) dialog: Easy money. He whips it open, revealing a rack of keys.  But the VAUL distinctive, a long steel rectangle on a neck-chain.  Joh and runs toward the lab.
105) 3) dialog: I got it.  Piece of cake.
105) 7) dialog: Remember what I said, you can't...
109) 0) text: TIGHT ON A KEY inserted into one of the vault locks. WIDER as John and Dyson stand poised, hands on keys.
109) 1) dialog: And let's see what's behind door number one. Dyson nods and they turns the keys together.  The vault g itself, withdrawing it locking bolts with a final KLONK! Together Dyson and John swing the door open.
111) 0) text: John and Dyson are isolated from the world in this silent Dyson opens the cabinet containing the terminator relics. turn to stare with uneasy deja-vu as he sees the terminat CPU. Then in one vicious move he sweeps his arm behind the ine and hurls them to the floor.  They SHATTER.  John snatche and the metal hand out of the broken glass.
111) 1) dialog: Got ol' Skynet by the ball now, Miles.  Come on, let's book! Clutching the steel hand and pocketing the chip like it's he just bought, John runs out.  Dyson follows.
113) 0) text: John pelts into the lab with Dyson stumbling along behind Sarah is just finished wiring all the charges to the cent detonator.
113) 1) dialog: Ready to rock?
113) 6) dialog: Mommm!!! Terminator grabs him as bullets slam into his broad back. it around the corner with John, out of the line of fire. 162     IN THE LAB, bullets rake over Sarah's head, smack clanging into the machine protecting her.  She can see Dy on the floor.  Debris and flying glass rain on her as the on the fire.  The detonator is clutched in his hand.  He her, his eyes bulging from the pain of his torn-up guts.
114) 0) text: John reaches the first door, and tries it.  Locked. Terminator unslings the M-79 blooper smoothly, opening th
116) 0) text: Terminator reaches the main elevators.  Hits the button. John are coughing and stumbling in the choking darkness, breathing with the single mask.  The doors open.  They ge elevator and head down.
120) 1) dialog: (to Sarah)
120) 4) text: I'll be back. He slings the grenade launcher over his shoulder and walk the corridor. 173B    BLAM.  A tear-gas grenade ricochets from wall to the corridor.  It skids to rest in front of Terminator, t a white cloud which quickly fills the corridor. 173C    In the elevator, Sarah and John are choking, hand mask back and forth desperately.  They're scarred.  This it. 173D    ANGLE ON THE SWAT TEAM, gripping their weapons at corridor.  They watch the boiling cloud, waiting. 173E    THEIR POV -- on the wall of boiling smoke.  A FIG Totally unaffected.  Terminator emerges from the smoke. misty-eyed.  Not what they expected.
123) 0) text: The tear gas has cleared to a thin haze.  The uninjured S tending their wounded.  They look up at the sound of shou roaring engine. 176A    THE SWAT VAN CRASHES INTO THE LOBBY in an explosi debris.  Cops scatter as the van screeches across the lob smoking one-eighty, sliding to a stop across the corridor to the bank of elevators.  Terminator backs up until -- c seals the corridor with the back of the van. 176B    Sarah and John stumble along the corridor, coughi They leap into the back of the van and Terminator hits th The van roars across the lobby and exits through blown-ou
125) 0) text: Terminator looks back at his two passengers as he turns t onto a divided highway.  Sarah and John are catching thei still coughing from the CS gas.  Terminator look to the r mirror.  He sees the xenon searchlight of the chopper beh gaining. Sarah looks around the inside of the SWAT van.  It is a r armory.  There are rifles, ballistic vests, all manner of
125) 4) dialog: Holy shit.  Come on, Mom... we gotta keep moving... come on --
126) 1) dialog: Faster!  He's right on us! Terminator doesn't reply.  He rapidly unslings the bloope around his neck, and reaches for a grenade. 191     LOW ANGLE ON THE TRACTOR-TRAILER as it roars righ filling frame with chrome and lights. 191A    K-WHAM!!  It rams the backs of the pickup, sendin 191B    Then the T-1000 pulls the tractor trailer up alon crabs over, sandwiching it against the center divider.  T chrome hubs tear into the passenger side door and the gua screeches along the other side. The pickup bucks and shakes insanely.  It ricochets viole the big-rig and the divider Horrible SCREECH of tortured steel. Sparks pour in sheets of fire from both sides. The windshield shatters as the door-posts buckle in. Metal and glass shower in through the side windows. The frame twists and buckles.  John feels like the fillin shaken right out of his teeth. The wooden camper disintegrates, falling away as kindling them.
128) 0) text: Terminator slides toward the passenger side.  Keeping his gas he lifts John over him and puts him in the driver's s
128) 2) dialog: Where you going?! Terminator slams the shattered windshield with the palm o Held together by the plastic laminate, the windshield flo frame.  It flies over the top of the truck. 191E    Terminator pushes his upper body out over the das He turns and aims the M-79 one-handed. 191F    POOM!  The grenade misses the T-1000 by less than against the front bulkhead of the tanker, almost at the t nitrogen pours from the opening, swept back by the 60-mph 191G    The big-rig swerves as T-1000 regains control.  T a pendulum behind the cab. 191H    The pickup accelerates, getting back out in front Behind it the big-rig is trailing a swirling comet-tail o vapor.  It is gaining again. Terminator, still standing, opens the breech and starts t 191I    John cuts across the highway and takes an OFF RAM 191J    T-1000 swerves the smoking behemoth across the la ramp after him, still accelerating.  It is twenty feet be and closing when Terminator closes the breech and FIRES. 191K    The grenade hits the front grill and EXPLODES. The radiator is destroyed, along with half the hood.  Ste out, obscuring the whole front of the truck. 191L    The semi rams the back of the pickup again.  Spew like some demon locomotive, the tractor-trailer pounds in of the pickup.  Driving it right through the intersection bottom of the ramp, and straight toward --
129) 0) text: The chase has led them to an area of heavy industry. 192     THE GATES are blasted off their hinges as the sem right through them.  Terminator struggles to reload amid and impacts.  He has THREE GRENADES LEFT on the bandolier John isn't even steering.  They are just being pushed.  T nothing he can do.  They are rocketing down the broad tho which leads directly to the MAIN BUILDING of the plant. 192A    Terminator pulls himself onto the roof of the pic He leaps to the bed, takes two powerful strides and -- Leaps onto the semi.  He climbs rapidly onto the hood. 192B    And FIRES POINT BLANK THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. Right into T-1000's face. The EXPLOSION blows out all the glass and fills the cab w and fire  Terminator grabs onto the air-horn as the truck
130) 0) text: Terminator slams to the floor of the mill and rolls, as - The tanker-trailer smashed into a massive concrete suppor of the doors.  Thunderous carnage of twisting metal. 193A    It splits wide open.  A river of liquid nitrogen 193B    John hits the brakes, sliding out of control.  He stop but hits a steel support column head-on.  He and Sar slammed forward, hard. 193C    Terminator, still clutching the M-79 blooper, rol the floor. He smashes through a railing and slams up against the bas massive machine. 193D    The semi cab swings about the trailer wreckage, i shudders to a stop.  Liquid nitrogen sprays over the cab, around it in a HISSING WAVEFRONT OF ULTRACOLD. Freezing vapor swirls everywhere, obscuring the wreck. 193E    TERMINATOR lies still.  A beat.  Then he rolls we elbow to survey the scene. 193F    IN THE WRECKED PICKUP, John stirs.  He is stunned his nose.  Dazed, he realizes he is in a steel mill.  The sirens, and he can see men running... shouting.  He turns what they are running from... 193G    The wall of nitrogen vapor spreads from the demol a strange vista of fire and ice.  The huge SMELTERS pour light and fire from the sides of the huge galley, while t vapor rolls down the center. 193H    TIGHT ON THE WRECK.  A billowing gray cloud.  Dee of the cab in visible.  A FIGURE emerges, pulling itself drops to the floor.  The hissing, boiling river of liquid flows around its feet. 194     The T-1000 staggers, moving slowly, painfully.  I affected by something.  Its feet are freezing to the grou walks... 194A    CLINK!  One of its feet breaks off at a glassy an forward, and -- 194B    Its other foot snaps off.  As it catches its bala its other ankle, 194C    the whole lower leg shatters at the impact.  It t knees. Catches itself on one hand.  Liquid nitrogen flows around Now the hand is stuck to the pavement. 194D    The T-1000 pulls and... CLINK!  The hand snaps of It looks stupidly at the glassy stump of a wrist.  For th we see an expression on its face we know to be a true one The expression is pain.  Agony.  Its mouth opens in a sou scream as the hoar-frost races up its legs, across its bo 194E    And that's the position it freezes in. It has become a statue, kneeling in the frozen vapor, tha look of agony frozen on its face. The liquid nitrogen stops flowing and begins to evaporate 194F    Terminator, just beyond the boundary of the cold, clearly. He draws his .45 and aims.
130) 2) dialog: Okay, Mom, we gotta get out now, come on. That's it. He helps her slide down from the seat of the truck.  Her way.  John has to take a lot of her weight.  He reaches i up the riot gun off the seat.  They hobble toward -- 195A    TERMINATOR.  On his knees, he looks into the diss vapor.  The heat of the furnaces has evaporated all the l nitrogen. 196     INSERT, TIGHT ON THE FLOOR - the T-1000 shards ar liquefying.  Hundreds of drops of mercury, spattered acro Orange light of the enormous black-furnaces dances on liq 197     TERMINATOR struggles to rise.  One arm is shatter and useless.  And some leg-servos are damaged.  He can ba John and Sarah arrive.
130) 4) dialog: What? Terminator points.  John and Sarah watch as -- 198     INSERT, T-1000 DROPLETS are creeping together.  F blobs.  These pools shiver and run together, soon forming mass. 199     ON JOHN AND SARAH, realizing it's not over.
130) 5) dialog: Come on!  Let's go! Terminator gets one of Sarah's arms over his shoulder and BEHIND THEM, something is moving. 200     A HEAD is forming up out of a pool mercury.  it r form.  hunching up from the liquid mass.  Half-formed, it look straight at them. John looks back in new terror as -- The T-1000 rises to man-height.  It is still in mercury f features are forming rapidly.  It takes its first step af Sarah stumbles and they pull her up. 201     Terminator himself has a pronounces limp, draggin shattered ankle joint.  John's the one pulling, straining them forward.  They round a corner into --
131) 1) dialog: Come on, Mom, you can do it!  Come on!! They drag her up, and stagger on.  Her leg is bathed in b is deathly pale.  He looks back.
132) 0) text: Terminator sees the SILHOUETTE closing on them through th gleam.  The T-1000 breaks into loping run when it sees th Terminator turns to Sarah over John.
132) 4) dialog: (crying, shouting)
132) 5) text: Come on, you gotta try... please, Mom.  Get up! John looks back to see -- 204A    TERMINATOR trying to load the M-79.  With his sha barely maneuver is last grenade into the breech. T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands.  It clatters t The grenade spins across the floor, rolling under some ma Terminator lunges, slamming the T-1000 against a wall wit weight.  The battle is joined. 204B    JOHN AND SARAH have reached the back of the aisle sac, blocked on the end by the base of an IMMENSE SMELTER They turn to watch the titans battle in silhouette, backl molten sparks falling from the furnaces above.  The battl decide their fate. 204C    Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awe the opposite wall of the narrow alley.  In less time than take to turn, the 204D    T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... fac back of its head. 204E    It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who fist into its face.  The pile-driver blow buries Terminat almost to the elbow. 204F    But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second in Terminator's wrist, and the head "emerges" somewhere else geometry shifting faster than we can follow. 204G    The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, the moving works.  A massive sliding bar SCISSORS HIS ARM into junk at the elbow, pinning him in the machine. Terminator strains against the machine pinning him.  We h servos whining with overload.  The T-1000 turns and lopes and John. Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machi falls into a maze of pipes and girders.
133) 0) text: JOHN turns to see her in the entrance of the narrow gap. follow him but she doesn't.  SUDDENLY a dark mass moves t John gasps as a huge steel counterweight, driven by a cha thick, slides toward him.  He rolls out of the way.  When back, he cannot see the opening.
133) 1) dialog: Mom!  MOMMM!!
134) 0) text: TERMINATOR strains to reach a 6-foot steel bar lying near workers use them to move the red-hot ingots around.  He g the end and uses it as a lever.  With titanic effort he s massive components which are holding him, and withdraws h is severed at the elbow.  Dangling junk hands from the cr 207     SARAH has lost sight of John.  It is much of a go have. She turns as the T-1000 closes on her.  She is half-slump the sooty machines, looking barely conscious.  She strugg a shell into the empty weapon.  At the last instant she w RIOT GUN and FIRES. A207    T-1000's face is blown open, but quickly reforms She fumbles to get another shell into the magazine but -- A208    THUNK!  A steel needle slams through her shoulder The polymorphic killer cocks back its other hand.  The in extends as a gleaming needle, toward her eye --
135) 0) text: John scuttles like a rat through the gut of the smelter. vast machines churn untended.  He hears a voice... SARAH' Calling low and urgent to him.
135) 3) text: Help me, honey... TIGHT ON SARAH, her stoic face, as she hobbles forward, r to him.  Something rises behind her, OUT OF FOCUS. 209     ANOTHER, IDENTICAL, SARAH... but this one has a s Aimed right at us. 209A    JOHN freezes.  Which is which?  He looks down.  T feet are melded with the floor, sucking and fusing with t she walks.  They have the color and pattern of the tiles knee.
135) 5) dialog: (screaming)
135) 8) dialog: (to Terminator)
135) 11) dialog: Will it melt in there?
135) 18) dialog: No!
135) 20) dialog: No, no no!!  It'll be okay.  Stay with us!
135) 22) dialog: Don't do it.  Please... don't go -- Tears are streaming down his face. TIGHT CLOSEUP TERMINATOR, turning toward John. The human side of his face is in shadow, so we see mostly skull and the red eye.
135) 24) dialog: I order you not to! Terminator puts his hand on John's shoulder.  He moves sl the human side of his face comes into the light. He reaches toward John's face.  His metal finger touches trickling down his cheek.