21) 0) text: They huddle behind the building as John counts out Tim's He folds five twenties and palms them to the other kid. opens his wallet to put in his money, Tim notices a pictu plastic sleeve.
39) 0) text: OFFICER X is moving through the flow of shoppers.  The pl He stops some kids and shows them the picture.  They shru 43A     IN A CROWDED VIDEO ARCADE JOHN is lost in an inte a new high score at "Missile Command".  He parries deftly ICBMs deploy their MIRVs... the warheads stream down... i he can deal with.  The world gets nuked.  Game over.  He away from the game, looking for another.  Bored. RACK FOCUS to Officer X passing the entrance of the store The cop moves on, down the concourse, out of sight. John gets in an "Afterburner" simulator game. 43B     ON TERMINATOR, walking through the crowd in slow He moves with methodical purpose, knowing the target is c see that he is, incredibly, carrying a box of LONG-STEM R some hopeful guy with a hot date. 43C     THE COP is pointed toward the arcade by come kids multi-cinema.  He walks into the maze of kids engaged in combat.  Cheap electronic effects blare above the crowd n 43D     JOHN is shooting down MiGs at Mach 2.  His friend to him.  Taps him on the shoulder, trying to play it cool
43) 0) text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he it before.  He races along the bottom of the canal, turni narrower tributary which has vertical sides. He looks back.  No sign of pursuit. 47A     Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great s The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches i into the center of the canal. It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, h angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous gri metal.  It ricochets back and forth between the walls the like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forwa speed. 47B     John looks back and sees this wall of metal almos concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle th has.  The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal in a tunnel.  Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy backlit in the setting sun.  It looks like some kind of d it's gaining. 47C     ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, fighting to overtake them.  He looks down and sees John w truck from Hell catching up to him.  It is only about twe behind him and still gaining. 47D     ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate of metal filling frame behind him. 47E     ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to road.  Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps t the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaul bordering the canal.  It slams down at the edge of the ca along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerat truck in the canal below. 47F     John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosi massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into h fender.  Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.  All this is about sixty miles and hour.  Top speed for the little dir 47G     SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the cana down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. out, an explosion of sparks under the frame.  Only the ul reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright.  Termi for control. 47H     He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars Honda. Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm an onto the Harley, in front of him.  John's Honda weaves an smashing instantly under thundering tires. The Harley roars ahead.  It hits eighty.  Ahead is an ove supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into channels.  The Harley thunders into one channel, which is a short tunnel. 47I     The truck can't fit on either side.  Neither can speed.  Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and the concrete abutment at seventy. 47J     Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looki fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side explode. Terminator stops the Harley.  John peers around his body destruction.  A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel a the mud.  Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, do disappearing around a bend. 47K     ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke ris Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a s flame.  A figure appears in the fire. Just an outline.  Walking slowly... calmly. The figure emerges from the flames. It is human-shaped but far from human.  A smooth chrome m servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its c hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liq surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it wal reminds us of mercury.  A mercury man.  Its face is simpl Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us. With each step detail returns. First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial fea ears... 47K     But it's still al chrome.  With its last step, th everything.  It is the cop again... handsome young face, mustache.  Icy eyes.  It stops and looks around. It is a perfect chameleon.  A liquid metal robot.  A kill with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of h 47L     ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fi T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them.  More cops ar blends in perfectly.  There are always cops at diasters a violence.  We now see why its choice of protective mimicr perfect. It walks among the other cops unnoticed. Gets into one of the squad cars.  Starts it and drives aw
44) 0) text: Terminator, with John in front of him on the Harley, roar empty street.  John cranes his neck around to get a look person/thing he is riding with.  The image is strangely r of father/son, out for an evening ride. John is still in shock from the experience of what just h he's just a ten-year kid, but he's also John Connor who w rise to greatness, and we see a bit of that in him even k
57) 0) text: Terminator and John charge through the night on the Harle Streetlights flare past them like comets.  Two serious gu mission.  One a ten-year old kid, the other a half-man/ha cyborg from the post-Apocalyptic future.
74) 0) text: Sarah and John are eating cheeseburgers and fries, sittin truck and on the curb respectively.  They are parked away other families, at the end of the gravel parking area.  T is pouring coolant into the radiator.  Sarah is deep in t turning and turning the whole thing in her brain.  John, deal with her silence, goes around to where Terminator is 98A     John sees two kids playing with machine-gun water viciously squirting each other.
74) 1) dialog: You're dead!
74) 2) dialog: Am not!
74) 3) dialog: Are so! John and Terminator watch them rolling on the ground in a death.  Sarah rounds the front of the truck, and sees the sighs, solemn.  He looks up at the cyborg.
76) 14) text: Yolanda.  Get out here, we got company.  And bring some fucking tequila! A thin Guatemalan KID, FRANCO, eighteen or so, comes out trailer with the AK-47, followed by Salceda's wife, YOLAN THREE younger children with her, from a five-year-old GIR to a year-and-half-old BOY.  She waves at John.  They exc greetings in Spanish.  They seem like nice people. Terminator looks down at John, next to him.  He says quie
76) 17) text: So, Sarahlita, you getting famous, you know that?  All over the goddamn TV. Salceda rips the cap off the tequila bottle.  The two-yea to Terminator and grabs his pants, sliming them with droo Terminator looks down at the tiny kid, fascinated.  What He picks up the child with one huge hand.  Looks at it. different ways.  Studying it.  Then sets it down.  The ki off, a little dizzy.
84) 0) text: Sarah sits at the picnic table.  The weapons are cleaned is done.  She hasn't slept in twenty-four hours and she s the weight of the whole world on her shoulder. She draws her knife from its belt sheath. Idly starts to carve something on the table top... the le A114    NOT FAR AWAY, John and Terminator are packing the A115    ON SARAH, AT THE TABLE as she looks up from her c She watches Salceda's kids playing nearby... wrestling wi dog and loving it.  Sarah watches Yolanda walking her tod hands.  Backlit, stylized.  She looks over at John.  Load supplies. A116    ANGLE ON kids playing. A117    SARAH'S HEAD droops.  She closes her eyes. A118    TIGHT ON small children playing.  Different ones. Wider now, to reveal a playground in a park.  Very idylli playground, crowded with laughing children playing on swi and a jungle gym.  It could be the playground we saw melt in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029.  But here the gra green and the sun is shining. 118A    Sarah, short-haired, looking drab and paramilitar playground.  An outsider.  Her fingers are hooked in a ch fence and she is staring through the fence at the young m playing with their kids.  A grim-faced harbinger. 118B    Some girls play skip-rope.  Their sing-song weave burbling laughter of the kids.  One of the young mothers two-year-old son by the hands.  She is wearing a pink wai uniform.  She turns to us, laughing. It is Sarah.  Beautiful.  Radiant.  Sarah from another li uncontaminated by the dark future.  She glances at the st beyond the fence. 118C    Grim-faced Sarah presses against the fence.  She them in SLOW MOTION.  No sound comes from her mouth.  She fence in frustration, shaking it.  Screaming soundlessly. Waitress Sarah's smile falls.  Then returns as her little some sand at her.  She laughs, turns away, as if the woma fence were a shadow, a trick of light.
88) 0) text: Dyson's kids, Danny and Blythe, are playing in the halls controlled off-road truck.  Danny drives and Blythe scamp trying to catch it.  They stop in the hall outside Dyson' sees him working at his terminal.  Danny puts a finger to shushing Blythe.  His expression is mischievous. 129B    With the silencer in place, Sarah eases back the it forward, chambering a .223 round.  Then she lies down embankment. He cheek pressed against the cool rifle-stock, she slides slowly forward to brace the weapon, taking the weight on Her other hand slips knowingly to the trigger. Her expression is cold, impassive.  She looks through the man in the house.  She feels nothing as she raises the ri
93) 8) text: Shut up, kid!  Get out of the way!! Dyson looks up, through his pain and incomprehension.  Wh nightmare happening?  The black gun muzzle is a foot from
93) 10) text: Please... let... the kids... go...
94) 40) text: Take your kids.  Go to a hotel.  Right now. Don't pack. (to the others)
103) 4) text: And all this here... that's it. 148B    Sarah goes into Dyson's office and starts hurling door onto the central junkpile... books, files, everythin desk. A FRAMED PHOTO of Dyson's wife and kids lands on top of t Tarissa, hugging Danny and Blythe, all grinning.  The gla shattered. 148C    Terminator cuts a swath, under Dyson's direction, into fragments with his inhuman swings. SMASH!  It's carnage.  Millions in hardware, and all irre fruits of their years of research... shattered, broken, d heap for the big bonfire of destiny. Dyson stops a second, panting.
120) 4) text: I'll be back. He slings the grenade launcher over his shoulder and walk the corridor. 173B    BLAM.  A tear-gas grenade ricochets from wall to the corridor.  It skids to rest in front of Terminator, t a white cloud which quickly fills the corridor. 173C    In the elevator, Sarah and John are choking, hand mask back and forth desperately.  They're scarred.  This it. 173D    ANGLE ON THE SWAT TEAM, gripping their weapons at corridor.  They watch the boiling cloud, waiting. 173E    THEIR POV -- on the wall of boiling smoke.  A FIG Totally unaffected.  Terminator emerges from the smoke. misty-eyed.  Not what they expected.