4) 0) text: On a back route to north L.A.  A handful of local TRUCKER chili-sizes, CAT hats pushed back on their heads.  Three playing a game of pool in the back, their Miller empties table's rail.  The dive's owner, LLOYD, a fat, aging bike soiled apron, stands behind the bar.  Nothing much going Then the front door opens and a big naked guy strolls in doesn't happen every night.  All eyes simultaneously swiv Terminator.  Its emotionless gaze passes over the custome walks calmly through the room.  Everyone frozen, not sure react. 8A      TERMINATOR POV.  A digitized electronic scan of t with alphanumeric readouts which change faster than the h can follow.  In POV we move past the staring truckers, pa owner and the awestruck WAITRESS, and approach a large na biker puffing on a cigar.  His body is outlined, or "sele thousands of estimated measurements appear.  His clothing analyzed and deemed suitable...
7) 0) text: Terminator walks out, surveying the parked Harleys.  Stic in his belt and swings one leg over a massive CUSTOM ELEC He slips the dagger in his boot and the key in the igniti over the engine.  It catches with a roar and he slams the into gear with a KLUNK. Lloyd appears at the diner's door with a sawed-off 10-GAU WINCHESTER LEVER-ACTION SHOTGUN.  He fires into the air a around round in fast, aiming at Terminator's back.
7) 1) dialog: I can't let you take the man's wheels, son. Now get off or I'll put you down. Terminator turns and considers by coldly.  He eases the s into neutral.  Rocks the bike onto its kickstand.  Swings over and walks calmly toward the guy. Terminator strides right up to Lloyd, staring straight in shotgun's muzzle.  Lloyd starts sweating, trying to decid going to kill a man in cold blood.  He's still trying to Terminator's hand blurs out like a striking cobra and is suddenly holding the shotgun. Lloyd gapes, knowing he's screwed.  Then... Terminator reaches toward him.  Oh shit... And slips the sunglasses out of Lloyd's shirt pocket.  Pu Strides back to the Harley and roars off in a shower of g