29) 0) text: The elevator doors slide open with a whisper and MILES DY out.  Black.  In his early thirties.  The star of the Spe Projects Division.  He's brilliant, aggressive, driven. down the corridor, swinging his arms... a man in a hurry. with much to do. He reaches a solid security door and zips his ELECTRONIC through the scanner.  The door unlocks with a clunk. The sign next to the door reads: SPECIAL PROJECTS DIVISIO AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY.
43) 0) text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he it before.  He races along the bottom of the canal, turni narrower tributary which has vertical sides. He looks back.  No sign of pursuit. 47A     Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great s The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches i into the center of the canal. It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, h angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous gri metal.  It ricochets back and forth between the walls the like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forwa speed. 47B     John looks back and sees this wall of metal almos concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle th has.  The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal in a tunnel.  Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy backlit in the setting sun.  It looks like some kind of d it's gaining. 47C     ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, fighting to overtake them.  He looks down and sees John w truck from Hell catching up to him.  It is only about twe behind him and still gaining. 47D     ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate of metal filling frame behind him. 47E     ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to road.  Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps t the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaul bordering the canal.  It slams down at the edge of the ca along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerat truck in the canal below. 47F     John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosi massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into h fender.  Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.  All this is about sixty miles and hour.  Top speed for the little dir 47G     SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the cana down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. out, an explosion of sparks under the frame.  Only the ul reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright.  Termi for control. 47H     He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars Honda. Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm an onto the Harley, in front of him.  John's Honda weaves an smashing instantly under thundering tires. The Harley roars ahead.  It hits eighty.  Ahead is an ove supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into channels.  The Harley thunders into one channel, which is a short tunnel. 47I     The truck can't fit on either side.  Neither can speed.  Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and the concrete abutment at seventy. 47J     Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looki fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side explode. Terminator stops the Harley.  John peers around his body destruction.  A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel a the mud.  Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, do disappearing around a bend. 47K     ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke ris Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a s flame.  A figure appears in the fire. Just an outline.  Walking slowly... calmly. The figure emerges from the flames. It is human-shaped but far from human.  A smooth chrome m servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its c hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liq surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it wal reminds us of mercury.  A mercury man.  Its face is simpl Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us. With each step detail returns. First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial fea ears... 47K     But it's still al chrome.  With its last step, th everything.  It is the cop again... handsome young face, mustache.  Icy eyes.  It stops and looks around. It is a perfect chameleon.  A liquid metal robot.  A kill with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of h 47L     ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fi T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them.  More cops ar blends in perfectly.  There are always cops at diasters a violence.  We now see why its choice of protective mimicr perfect. It walks among the other cops unnoticed. Gets into one of the squad cars.  Starts it and drives aw
75) 0) text: Miles Dyson sits at the huge desk in his study.  He is de thought, tapping away at the keyboard of his home compute Next to desk are racks of sophisticated gear.  On a Sunda when most men are relaxing, spending time with their fami is hard at work. IN A PROFILE CLOSEUP we see him in deep concentration, hi prowling the labyrinth of his new microprocessor. A WOMAN'S FACE ENTERS FRAME soundlessly behind him.  He d her.  His wife, TARISSA, extends her tongue and traces it back of his neck.  He smiles and turns to kiss her good m She's still in her bathrobe, holding coffee.  He's been u He turns and goes back to work, forgetting instantly that standing there. She watches him work, the arcane symbols moving across th We see her frustration, her inability to truly enter the of his world.
75) 10) text: But why is that so goddamn important, Miles? I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here, sometimes.
76) 12) text: Uncle Bob, this is Enrique. Terminator smiles.  Sort of.  Salceda squints at him,
91) 4) dialog: Stay back!! 132F    ON THE FLOOR, Dyson flinches as chucks of wood an components shower down on him.  He looks desperately towa but knows he'd be totally exposed.  He'd never make it. 133     SARAH's rifle empties with a final CLACK! She throws it down and draws her .45 smoothly from a shou She starts toward the house, snapping back the slide on t chambering a round.  She is in a fast, purposeful walk, k eyes fixed on the target.  She is utterly determined to k 134     FROM UNDER THE DESK Dyson can see a sliver in the Sarah's feet as she strides toward him.  He tenses to mak the door. Sarah raises the pistol, eyes riveted ahead, controlling breathing.  Dyson springs up in a full-tilt sprint.  She He hooks a foot on the cord of a toppled disk drive. BOOM!  Her shot blows apart a lamp where his head was. He hits the floor hard, but keeps moving, scrambling forw Crunch of glass behind his as Sarah's dark form is framed blown-out floor-to-ceiling window.  Dyson leaps toward th BOOM!  Her second shot spins him.  He hits the floor in t Tarissa is screaming.  Dyson struggles forward, stunned. .45-caliber hole clean through his left shoulder.  He sme with blood as he staggers up.  Looking back, he sees the figure behind him, coming on. He topples through a doorway as -- BOOM!  BOOM!  Shots blowing away the molding where he jus
95) 0) text: TIGHT ON A CARD-KEY SCANNER as Dyson's hand zips his secu through a slot in one motion.  There is the sound of a se and -- 139A    DYSON enter the spacious lobby, followed by Sarah Terminator last of all.  In a frontal angle, the others b Terminator from view. THE GUARD at the front desk, GIBBONS, looks up as Dyson m him.  Dyson is pale and sweaty, but smiles warmly at the speaking well before he reaches the desk.
115) 0) text: SWAT LEADER moves cautiously through the lab.  Cat-steppi circles around a desk which block Dyson's body from his v M-16 is leveled crisply.  We look over his shoulder as he desk, revealing -- MILES DYSON is not dead.  He will be very soon, but at th is conscious.  He has propped himself up against the desk BOOK in one hand.  A heavy technical manual. Below the book is the detonator, upright on the tile floo The message is clear.  "Shoot me, the book drops on the p Adios."  Dyson wheezes, trying to draw enough breath to t