17) 2) dialog: Good morning, Dr. Silberman.  How's the knee?
18) 2) text: She, uh... stabbed me in the kneecap with a screwdriver a few weeks ago. Sarah watches them talking about her through the glass, b hear them.  She feels like a lab animal.  The interns loo through the glass as Silberman talks.  With her face draw haggard and hair wild, she looks like she belongs where s
19) 0) text: Sarah looks up as the cell door opens.  Douglas walks in idly tapping his POLICE BATON against the door in a omino The other two orderlies ease in behind him.  One of them STUN BATON (like a sawed-off cattle prod).  The other has cups of red liquid-thorazine.
19) 2) dialog: You take it. Douglas grins, casual --
19) 4) dialog: I'm not taking it.  Now I don't want any trouble...
19) 6) dialog: You... son of a... AAARRGH!! The stun wand hits her between shoulder blades as she tri It drives her to the floor, pinning her like a bug.  Litt ELECTRIC ARCS CRACKLE as the baton makes her writhe in pa Douglas grabs her by the hair and jerks her up to her kne the cup of thorazine in front of her lips.
22) 0) text: CLOSE ON COMPUTER TERMINAL, attached to the dash.  A Juve Division file.  Subject: John Connor.  Below his ARREST R his vital stats.  Mother: Sarah Connor.  Legal Guardians: Janelle Voight.  And below their names, an address: 523 S Reseda, Ca. OFFICER X stares at the screen for a moment.  Then gets o
25) 0) text: CLOSE ON SARAH.  She is shackled, hands and feet, to the Sunlight falls across her pale face.  A hand enter frame, stroking her cheek.  She wakes up to see -- KYLE REESE.  Sitting on the edge of her bed, looking exac same as we last saw him in 1984.  Scruffy blonde hair and raincoat.
25) 1) dialog: Kyle..?  You're dead. He gives her a gentle smile.
25) 3) dialog: Oh.  Yeah.  They... make me take this stuff... He puts a finger to her lips.  Then silently unfastens he They gaze into each other's eyes.  And in the look that h and the horror she has been through since hasn't touched at all.
25) 4) dialog: Hold me. She melts into Reese's arms.  Pulls him to her.
25) 6) dialog: Oh, God... Kyle.  I need you so much. She kisses him passionately.  They are locked together in moment.  PUSH IN TIGHT on Sarah as she buries her face in shoulder.  She shuts her eyes tight.  Stay on Sarah as Re He voice is strangely cold.
25) 8) dialog: They took him from me.
25) 10) dialog: I know!
25) 12) dialog: (struggling not to cry)
25) 15) dialog: Kyle, don't go!
25) 17) text: There's not much time left in the world, Sarah. Reese goes out the door.  Sarah jumps from the bed, frant the door open.  Follow her out.
26) 0) text: Sarah staggers from her cell.  Reese is already, impossib hundred feet away, striding down the dim corridor.  A sil in a long coat, disappearing around a corner. Sarah runs after him, her bare feet slapping the cold lin Her hospital gown floats out behind her as she dream-runs seemingly infinite corridor.  She reaches the corner, sli it, and... 30A     Slams right into the arms of Douglas and his thre grab her as she struggles and screams.  The Silberman is smiling soothingly.  They force her down and she is pinne the floor, screaming.  A new figure approaches... one eve menacing. TERMINATOR walks toward her, with heavy measured steps. eyes concealed by the sunglasses, it stands over her like of death itself.  It reaches down and... Takes her hand.  Lifts her up.  Leads her to a door.  The together.  Emerging into... 30B     A BEAUTIFUL SUNLIGHT MORNING.  CHILDREN are playi down slides, clambering through a jungle gym.  Sarah know dream know... it's is the worst of all her nightmares.  S to scream but no sound comes out. 30C     THE SKY EXPLODES into WHITE LIGHT.  Everything is glare, hotter than a thousand suns.  The children ignite match heads.  Sarah is burning, screaming silently, every and overexposed.  Terminator's flesh and clothing are bur silently.  It grips her hand, Virgil to her Dante in this nuclear-age Inferno. 30D     THE BLAST WAVE HITS... a near-solid wall of compr by 250-mph winds.  The children, charcoal statues frozen of play, explode into black leaves of ash and swirl away. hit now, with a thunderous roar.  Sarah's scream merges w howl of the wind as the blast hits her, exploding the fle bones.  Beside her, Terminator is stripped of its burnt f becoming a smoking skeleton of steel. 30E     Then she wake up... in her cell, shackled to the her eyes.  She looks desperate and defeated.  She knows t coming.  It visits her every time she closes her eyes.  L alone, Sarah feels all hope recede for herself and for hu
27) 0) text: TIGHT ON VIDEO SCREEN, playing a previously-recorded sess Sarah is in a strait-jacket, talking softly.
27) 12) dialog: I was afraid... and confused.  I feel much better, now.  Clearer. Silberman gives a calculated paternal smile.
27) 14) dialog: It has helped me a lot to have a goal, something to look forward to.
27) 16) dialog: You said I could be transferred to the minimum security wing and have visitors if I showed improvement in six months.  Well, it's been six months, and I was looking forward to seeing my son.
27) 18) dialog: They don't exist.  I see that now. Silberman leans back, studying her.  Toying with her.
27) 20) dialog: If I had, there would have been some evidence. They would have found something at the factory.
33) 0) text: Dyson walks to a stainless steel cabinet and opens it.  I small artifact in a sealed container of inert gas.  IT -- rectangle, about the size of a domino, the color of liver been shattered, painstakingly reconstructed and mounted o frame. Dyson removes the artifact, it its insert-gas, and sets i specially-designed cart.  He handles it like the Turin Sh Dyson closes the cabinet.  Turns to the one next to it. door.  In this cabinet is a larger object... an intricate AND FOREARM. At the elbow, the metal is twisted and crushed.  But the hand are intact.  Its metal surface scorched and discolor stands upright in a vacuum flask, as if saluting.  This i remains of the terminator Sarah destroyed.  Dyson stares in thought.  The he closes the cabinet, BLACKING OUT FRAM
34) 0) text: We can see through the one-way mirror into the interview Sarah is still talking with Silberman.  The OTHER PSYCHOL still watching through the mirror.  Reviewing Sarah's con
34) 1) dialog: So what do you think, Doctor?  I've shown a lot of improvement, haven't I?
34) 3) dialog: You have to let me see my son.  Please.  It's very important.  He's in danger.  At least let me call him -- Silberman pins her with his sweet reptilian gaze.
34) 5) dialog: 
34) 7) dialog: Goddammit.  Let me go!!  Silberman!  You don't know what you're doing!  You fuck!  You're dead! You hear me!! Silberman signals and the attendants drag her out. He looks at the doctors behind the glass.  Shrugs.
52) 0) text: T-1000 walks down the dark hall.  It passes the bathroom the real Janelle's legs through the half-open door.  The running.  Her blood mixes with water on the white tile fl 56A     In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching met dark. Calmly and dispassionately ripping the room apart for any could lead it to its target.  T-1000 finds a box of audio marked "Messages from Mom".  In it are some letters, and filled with snapshots.  It begins looking through some of photos... SHOT OF JOHN AND SARAH during the missing years.  Sarah i cammos with an RPG 7 grenade launcher, teaching John how Sarah with a group of military-clad Guatemalan men, stand cases of Stinger missiles.  John and Sarah in a Contra ca the mountains.
54) 0) text: T-1000 finds an envelope... a letter from Sarah to John s she's been at Pescadero State Hospital.  It reads the ret on the envelope.  It has what it needs.  It picks up a ta and the battered shoebox full of Sarah's tapes and exits.
55) 0) text: The photos are lying on the table in front of Sarah, plac DETECTIVE WEATHERSBY.  His partner DET. MOSSBERG, and Dr. sit at the table as well.  Two uniformed cops, plus Dougl the door.  Sarah stares listlessly at the top photo.  She withdrawn, haggard... drugged-looking.
56) 0) text: Douglas inches up the last of Sarah's restraints.  Then h over her... looking down.  Even wrecked as she is, we see in her face.  He bends down.  We think he's going to kiss Instead he runs his tongue across her face like a dog wou seems not to even see him.  Her dull eyes past him.  He c provoke a reaction.  Even here, strapped down, the two of she give him no superiority.  He smirks and leaves.  We h sound of his night-stick tapping its way down the corrido fainter. Sarah's eyes snap suddenly alert.  There is intensity and them.  She slips the paper clip out from between her fing awkwardly spreads it open into a straight piece of wire. painful concentration she moves it toward the lock of the that bind her wrists to the bed at her sides.
58) 0) text: TIGHT ON RESTRAINT LOCK as it unlatches... successfully p Sarah's paper clip.  This is not an easy thing to do.  Bu taught herself a lot of things in her years of hiding. SARAH, her hands free, sits up and releases the Velcro st feet.  She rolls off the bed and we see her in a whole ne She is totally alert, almost feral in her movements.
60) 0) text: Sarah is using the paper clip on the door lock.  She hear tapping sound.  It's getting louder, coming her way.  She to work on the lock. 65      IN THE CORRIDOR.  Douglas the attendant is tappin the wall like he does every night on his rounds.  He shin mag-light in the windows of the cells as he passes, barel 65A     He rounds the corner.  His footsteps echo in the The tip of the stick hits the wall. Tap, tap, tap... getting closer to Sarah's cell.  He stop door.  He is about to shine his light in when he notices utility closet across the hall is open.  He goes to shut absently flicking his light into the dark closet.  He not something strange among the buckets and cleaning supplies on the floor, with its handle snapped off about halfway u other half is missing. Douglas ponders this for half a second, then hears a SOUN and spins around.  The sound he heard was Sarah's cell do The missing two feet of MOP HANDLE fill his vision as it viciously across the bridge of his nose. 250 pounds of doughy attendant hit the floor like a sack Sarah slams the makeshift baton down expertly across the head, bouncing him off the linoleum.  Lights out, Douglas She drags him into her cell and locks him in with his own swaps her mop-handle for his nice heavy night-stick. 65B     Sarah moves down the dark corridor, cat-stepping She holds the baton like a pro, laid back along the forea style.  She looks dangerous.
63) 0) text: A small room before a short SALLY-PORT corridor designed violent inmates from making a run for it.  There are door end.  The first one is barred like a jail-cell door, and is a steel fire door.  The attendants have a video monito they can see the corridor on the other side of the doors. The two bored attendants barely notice the T-1000/Guard a approaches.  Looks briefly at a chart next to the door, s SARAH CONNOR is in #19. 67A     IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 passes a nurses a cage, walled in by heavy metal mesh.  Silberman, leanin doorway, is talking to an attendant in the cage.  He does twice at Lewis the Guard passing by. 68      SARAH, moving like a ghost in the darkened corrid coming and quietly but quickly unlocks a cell next to her Douglas' master key. 68A     She slips into the cell and waits as the footstep We glimpse the T-1000/Guard pass the window. She waits as the footsteps fade away.  She looks over.  A inmate, strapped to a bed, watches her with bird-like eye a finger to her lips -- SSHHH.  The inmate nods.  Sarah e 68B     POV MOVING TOWARD nurse's station.  We hear Silbe reviewing medication with the night attendant. ON SILBERMAN, yawning, looking at his watch. He turns to go... Sarah is there. She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the follows him in.  The orderly jumps up, going for his stun nails him with Douglas' baton.  WHAP-WHAP-WHAP!  You can the thing she's swinging it so fast.  The guys goes down. Silberman lunges for the alarm button and she cracks down arm.  He cries out and grabs his wrist. She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton. His legs buckle and he drops to his knees with his chin o She pins him with one hand.  He face is full of outraged
63) 2) dialog: There's 215 bones in the human body, motherfucker. That's one.  Now don't move! 68B     Moving rapidly, she whips open a medication drawe syringe. They keep a few of these handy for tranking unruly patien jams it into the orderly's butt and fires the whole shot. holding the empty syringe, she sees what she need next. They keep the toxic cleaning supplies in here to keep the drinking Drano.  She grabs a plastic jug of LIQUID PLUM'R it down on the desk inches from Silberman's eyes. She jams the empty syringe into the plastic jug. Draws back the plunger.  The syringe fills with blue liqu She whips it out of the jug and jams the needle into Silb His horrified eyes rack toward it.  10 cc's of blue death cylinder. Her thumb hovers over the plunger. She jerks him to his feet by the collar and gets a tight then hauls him through the door. 69      IN THE CORRIDOR outside cell #19 the T-1000 stops window.  Douglas, his face a bloody mess, yells to be hea
65) 0) text: The attendants at the security checkpoint look up at the someone enters the corridor.  They see Sarah, holding Sil syringe-point. Sarah speaks to them through an intercom on the wall.  He comes through the speaker.
65) 1) dialog: Open it or he'll be dead before he hits the floor. The attendants' adrenaline levels just went off the scale attendant shakes him head no.  The amperage here is reall second attendant keys the intercom switch.
65) 4) dialog: You're already dead, Silberman.  Everybody here dies.  You know I believe that.  So don't fuck with me!
65) 6) dialog: Step back!
65) 8) dialog: Down on the floor!  Now! They comply.  She comes through with Silberman, giving th berth.  Starts backing down the hall away from them, stil her hostage.  She's actually pulling this off. 71B     ANGLE FROM BEHIND HER.  What we can see, but she third orderly waiting just around the corner.  He's poise jump her when she comes abreast of him. ON SARAH backing up.  She reaches the corner. The third attendant lunges, grabbing her syringe-hand. Sarah spins on the orderly and catches him across the thr nightstick.  He loses interest fast, dropping to his knee gagging.  Silberman pulls away, screaming at the top of h
65) 12) dialog: No!  Help me!  Goddamnit, it's gonna kill us all!!! She is shouting, pleading, trying to get them to understa coming.  They grab her thrashing arms and legs.  They don where the out-of-control woman is pointing... back along They have pinned her to the cold tiles, a ring of faces a Silberman leans down to her, holding a syringe with a hea trank.  Sarah cranes her neck and sees the dark silhouett Terminator coming up behind them.  It is exactly her nigh She screams in utter hopelessness. Terminator, holding the shotgun in one hand, reaches down one of the orderlies with his other hand.  He hurls the 2 guys against the far wall of the corridor.  SMACK!  He dr floor. The other two orderlies react instantly, leaping onto the Terminator seems to disappear for a moment under the two Then there is an explosion of white-clad figures, as the flung outward like they stepped on a land mine. One crashes through a window of safety glass and is caugh two-story fall by the outer steel bars.  The other crashe office door, splintering it into kindling. Silberman has jumped to hold Sarah.  He is grabbed by a r at the back of his neck and lifted like a cat.  The docto feet pedaling above the ground.  He looks into the expres face.  And it hit him.  Sarah was right... this guy isn't He feels the fabric of reality crumbling. Then he feels himself flying through the air.  The wall s then the floor kicks him in the face.  He decides to lie second. Sarah blinks, staring up at the figure looming over her. John kneels next to her.
65) 17) dialog: Out of the car!! The patrol guy is thinking what he can try when BLAM! she through the glass next to his head.
65) 18) dialog: 
65) 21) text: Hang on. He cuts the wheel hard.  The car slews into a reverse 180 ends with a screech. T-1000 is almost on them. Terminator punches it.  The car accelerates forward. 80C     T-1000 leaps.  Lands on the trunk. Its hand is a metal crowbar slammed down through the trun Feet dragging on the pavement, it slams its other hand do punching another metal hook into the trunk lid, pulling i Terminator turns to Sarah.
66) 4) dialog: You okay? He nods.  She reaches for John and we think she's going t She starts to rub her hands over him and we realize she's injuries, very clinically the way a vet checks a dog for He pulls away from her.  He hates her always checking him him like he might break, like some piece of rare china.
66) 6) dialog: It was stupid of you to go there. John stares at her, surprised.
66) 7) dialog: Goddamnit, John, you have to be smarter than that.  You're too important!  You can't risk yourself, not even for me, do you understand? I can take care of myself.  I was doing fine. Jesus, John.  You almost got yourself killed. We see his chin quiver.  He's a tough kid, but all he rea for her to love him.  He hasn't had enough years on the p be the man of steel she demands.
66) 9) dialog: Stop it!  Right now!  You can't cry, John. Other kids can afford to cry.  You can't. He's trying to be brave, he really is.  Terminator turns water leaking from his eyes.  It doesn't make and sense t
66) 11) dialog: So what's your story?
68) 1) dialog: This T-1000... what happens when you shoot it?
68) 3) dialog: Can it be destroyed?
68) 5) dialog: Pull in here.  We have to ditch this car.
69) 0) text: A rundown gas station with a buzzing neon sign and no one They pull into the drive and slowly cruise past the empty sign in the window says CLOSED SUNDAYS.  They continue ar building to the garage's back door. AT THE GARAGE DOOR.  Terminator breaks the lock on the ro and raises it.  Sarah pulls the security car in out of si Terminator rolls the door down behind them.
70) 0) text: Dark.  Sarah switches on the single drop-light.  She and look at each other.  Terminator is shot-up and bleeding, has a vicious slash in her upper arm which was soaked her blood.
70) 1) dialog: You look like handmade shit.
70) 5) dialog: I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer, right?
70) 10) dialog: Will these heal up? Terminator nods.  She reaches into the bloody wounds with finds the copper-jacketed bullets, flattening against the endoskeleton.  Pulls them out.  They CLINK one by one int
70) 11) dialog: That's good.  Because if you can't pass for human, you won't be much good to us. She concentrates on removing the slugs.  CLINK.  CLINK.
70) 16) dialog: (cynical)
70) 26) dialog: Out of the way, John!
70) 28) dialog: It, John.  Not him.  It.
70) 30) dialog: We're better off by ourselves.
70) 32) dialog: I don't trust it!  These things are hard to kill, John, believe me, I know.  We may never have this opportunity again.
71) 3) dialog: Just head south.
72) 0) text: THE OPEN ROAD.  The pickup roars through light traffic do stretch of highway.  They set three abreast on the bench in between, like some improbable family on a car trip. Sarah leans over to get a look at the speedometer.
72) 1) dialog: Keep it under sixty-five.  We can't afford to be pulled over. Terminator backs off the throttle slightly.
73) 0) text: There's a gas pump and a sleazy fast-food stand.  Picnic set up at the side of the food stand.  A family sits at o playing and running about. 96A     The pickup truck pulls into the lot.  Stops at th Sarah turns to John.
73) 1) dialog: You got any cash? John pulls what's left of his Ready-Teller money from his
73) 3) dialog: Get some food. She opens the truck door and steps out.  John turns to Te
74) 0) text: Sarah and John are eating cheeseburgers and fries, sittin truck and on the curb respectively.  They are parked away other families, at the end of the gravel parking area.  T is pouring coolant into the radiator.  Sarah is deep in t turning and turning the whole thing in her brain.  John, deal with her silence, goes around to where Terminator is 98A     John sees two kids playing with machine-gun water viciously squirting each other.
74) 7) dialog: I need to know how Skynet get built.  Who's responsible?
74) 9) dialog: Why him?
74) 11) dialog: Then what? 98B     Terminator closes the hood and gets into the truc
74) 13) dialog: (getting behind John)
74) 17) dialog: And Skynet fights back. They accelerate back onto the highway.
74) 19) dialog: Why attack Russia?
74) 21) dialog: Jesus. (beat, then)
74) 24) dialog: I want to know everything.  What he looks like. Where he lives.  Everything.
76) 2) dialog: (to Terminator and John)
76) 3) text: Stay in the truck. A102    ANGLE FROM INSIDE ANOTHER TRAILER, NEARBY. A DARK FIGURE in the F.G. has an AK-47 trained on the pic Sarah gets out. ON SARAH peering through the backlit dust. The sound of wind.  She approaches the trailer.
76) 4) dialog: (in Spanish)
76) 17) text: So, Sarahlita, you getting famous, you know that?  All over the goddamn TV. Salceda rips the cap off the tequila bottle.  The two-yea to Terminator and grabs his pants, sliming them with droo Terminator looks down at the tiny kid, fascinated.  What He picks up the child with one huge hand.  Looks at it. different ways.  Studying it.  Then sets it down.  The ki off, a little dizzy.
76) 21) dialog: I just came for my stuff.  And I need clothes, food, and one of your trucks.
76) 24) dialog: Now, Enrique. (turns to Terminator and John)
78) 0) text: From inside the "tomb".  Sunlight slashes down into a cin room, less than six feet wide but over twenty long.  Sand the steps.  The walls are lined with guns. John precedes Terminator into Sarah's weapons cache.  Rif rocket launchers, mortars, RPGs, radio gear.  At the far containing ammo, grenades, etc. are stacked to the ceilin Terminator gets real alert.  Scanning, wondering where to picks up a MAC-10 machine pistol.  Racks the bolt.
79) 0) text: Sarah emerges from a trailer.  She has changed.  Boots, b pants, T-shirt.  Shades.  She looks hard. Salceda is nearby, packing food and other survival equipm Yolanda.  He looks up as Sarah approaches, and slaps the BIG FOUR-BY BRONCO next to him,
79) 2) dialog: Yeah.  I'm gonna wait till dark to cross the border. (she pulls him away from Yolanda)
81) 0) text: Sarah and John have their weapons and supply selections l two battered picnic tables for cleaning and packing.  Map documents, explosives, detonators... just the basics.  Sa stripping and cleaning guns, very methodical.  There is n motion. Not far away, John and Terminator are working on the Bron greasy up to their elbows, lying on their backs under the compartment, ratcheting bolts into places on the new wate
81) 14) dialog: Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear.  The Terminator would never stop, it would never leave him... it would always be there.  And it would never hurt him, never shout at him or get drunk and hit him, or say it couldn't spend time with him because it was too busy.  And it would die to protect him.  Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up.  In an insane world, it was the sanest choice. Sarah clenches her jaw and goes grimly back to work... a made hard and cold by years of hard choices.
82) 0) text: A police cruiser is parked off the side of a quiet, empty outskirts of Los Angeles.  A ribbon of traffic moves stea freeway in the distance.  Nothing stirs around the cruise pump-jacks sucking the earth on the hill behind it. A111    IN THE CRUISER.  The T-1000 sits inside.  John's spread out on the seat beside it.  Sarah's voice speaks f cassette deck.  John's tapes.  Her voices mixes with the chatter of the radio that T-1000 monitors for any signs o targets.
82) 1) dialog: ... if we are ever separated, and can't make contact, go to Enrique's airstrip.  I'll rendezvous with you there. T-1000 whips around and rewinds the tape, replaying the l It then snaps up the envelope of photos we saw earlier. ECU on envelope.  We see the postmark:  "Charon Mesa, Cal TIGHT ON T-1000 staring at the postmark on the envelope. up at the sound of crunching gravel.  In the rear-view it COP pulling onto the shoulder behind it.  The big KAWASAK up next to the T-1000, still seated in the cruiser.
84) 0) text: Sarah sits at the picnic table.  The weapons are cleaned is done.  She hasn't slept in twenty-four hours and she s the weight of the whole world on her shoulder. She draws her knife from its belt sheath. Idly starts to carve something on the table top... the le A114    NOT FAR AWAY, John and Terminator are packing the A115    ON SARAH, AT THE TABLE as she looks up from her c She watches Salceda's kids playing nearby... wrestling wi dog and loving it.  Sarah watches Yolanda walking her tod hands.  Backlit, stylized.  She looks over at John.  Load supplies. A116    ANGLE ON kids playing. A117    SARAH'S HEAD droops.  She closes her eyes. A118    TIGHT ON small children playing.  Different ones. Wider now, to reveal a playground in a park.  Very idylli playground, crowded with laughing children playing on swi and a jungle gym.  It could be the playground we saw melt in the post-nuclear desolation of 2029.  But here the gra green and the sun is shining. 118A    Sarah, short-haired, looking drab and paramilitar playground.  An outsider.  Her fingers are hooked in a ch fence and she is staring through the fence at the young m playing with their kids.  A grim-faced harbinger. 118B    Some girls play skip-rope.  Their sing-song weave burbling laughter of the kids.  One of the young mothers two-year-old son by the hands.  She is wearing a pink wai uniform.  She turns to us, laughing. It is Sarah.  Beautiful.  Radiant.  Sarah from another li uncontaminated by the dark future.  She glances at the st beyond the fence. 118C    Grim-faced Sarah presses against the fence.  She them in SLOW MOTION.  No sound comes from her mouth.  She fence in frustration, shaking it.  Screaming soundlessly. Waitress Sarah's smile falls.  Then returns as her little some sand at her.  She laughs, turns away, as if the woma fence were a shadow, a trick of light.
85) 0) text: John and Terminator ponders the message carved into the t picnic table.  Sarah's knife is still embedded there.
86) 0) text: Sarah speeds through the darkening desert.  Expressionles dark glasses, she looks as pitiless as an insect.
88) 0) text: Dyson's kids, Danny and Blythe, are playing in the halls controlled off-road truck.  Danny drives and Blythe scamp trying to catch it.  They stop in the hall outside Dyson' sees him working at his terminal.  Danny puts a finger to shushing Blythe.  His expression is mischievous. 129B    With the silencer in place, Sarah eases back the it forward, chambering a .223 round.  Then she lies down embankment. He cheek pressed against the cool rifle-stock, she slides slowly forward to brace the weapon, taking the weight on Her other hand slips knowingly to the trigger. Her expression is cold, impassive.  She looks through the man in the house.  She feels nothing as she raises the ri
89) 0) text: DYSON, in deep thought.  The rhythmic sounds of keys as h Symbols on the screen shift. ON HIS BACK we see the glowing red dot appear.  It is the of Sarah's laser designator.  It moves silently up his ba his head.
90) 0) text: IN EXTREME CLOSEUP we see Sarah's eye at the night-scope. TIGHT INSERT on her finger as it tightens on the trigger, the slack.  She takes a deep breath and holds it.  Adjust position minutely.
93) 0) text: Advancing with Sarah we enter the living area.  Tarissa h she's screaming at Danny, who has run back to his collaps
93) 3) dialog: Don't fucking move!  Don't FUCKING MOVE!! (she swings the gun on Tarissa)
93) 7) dialog: (screaming)
93) 11) dialog: Shut up!  SHUT UP!!  Motherfucker!  It's all your fault!  IT'S YOUR FAULT!! We see her psyching herself to pull the trigger... needin this man she doesn't know.  It's a lot harder face-to-fac bathed in sweat, and it runs into her eyes.  Blinking, sh fast with one hand, then gets it back on the gun.  The .4 trembling. TIGHT ON SARAH as we see the forces at war behind her eye She looks into the faces of Dyson, Tarissa, Blythe, Danny Sarah takes a sharp breath and all the muscles in her arm as she tenses to fire. But her finger won't do it. She lowers the gun very slowly.  It drops to her side in All the breath and energy seems to go out of her. She weakly raises her other hand in a strange gesture, li where you are, don't move".  As if, should they move, the balance might tip back the other way. She backs away from them slowly, panting.  It's as if she away in terror from what she almost did.  She reaches a w slumps against it.  Slides down to her knees.  The gun fa from her fingers. She rests her cheek against the wall. 136A    The front door is kicked in. Terminator steps inside.  John grabs his sleeve and pushe He scopes out the situation in two seconds... Sarah, the sobbing family.  John moves to Sarah while Terminator che John kneels in front of his mother.  She raises her head him.  He sees the tears spilling down her cheeks,
93) 13) dialog: I couldn't... oh, God. (she seems to she him for the first time)
93) 17) dialog: I love you, John.  I always have.
94) 0) text: Sarah puts out her fifth cigarette.  She's sitting on the John, Terminator, Dyson, and Tarissa are at the kitchen t a single overhead light. Dyson looks like that guy on the Sistine Chapel wall, the soul... eyes fixed and staring with terrifying knowledge. shoulder is bandaged.  Terminator's arm is wrapped with a bandage below the elbow.  The steel forearm and hand glea harsh kitchen light.  TRACKING AROUND THE TABLE as Termin speaks... we don't hear the words.
94) 1) dialog: Dyson listened while the Terminator laid it all down.  Skynet.  Judgment Day... the history of things to come.  It's not every day you find out you're responsible for 3 billion deaths. He took it pretty well, considering... Terminator finishes speaking.
94) 4) dialog: Yeah.  Right.  How were you supposed to know? Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust into the world with your... fucking ideas and your weapons.  Did you know that every gun in the world is named after a man?  Colt, Browning, Smith, Thompson, Kalashnikov... all men.  Men built the hydrogen bomb, not women... men like you thought it up.  You're so creative.  You don't know what it's like to really create something... to create a life.  To feel it growing inside you.  All you know how to create is death... you fucking bastards.
94) 6) text: She's still tense. (to Sarah)
94) 11) dialog: (coldly)
94) 21) dialog: What chip?
94) 26) dialog: Son of a bitch, I knew it!
94) 28) dialog: Those lying motherfuckers!
94) 31) dialog: (to Dyson)
94) 37) dialog: (to Terminator)
94) 44) dialog: The future, always so clear to me, has become like a black highway at night.  We were in uncharted territory now... making up history as we went along. TILT UP to reveal a rectangle of light ahead.  The Cyberd Building...
95) 0) text: TIGHT ON A CARD-KEY SCANNER as Dyson's hand zips his secu through a slot in one motion.  There is the sound of a se and -- 139A    DYSON enter the spacious lobby, followed by Sarah Terminator last of all.  In a frontal angle, the others b Terminator from view. THE GUARD at the front desk, GIBBONS, looks up as Dyson m him.  Dyson is pale and sweaty, but smiles warmly at the speaking well before he reaches the desk.
95) 4) dialog: Don't even think about it. Gibbons nods.  He stays frozen.  Terminator circles quick the guard out of the chair.  John pulls a roll of duct-ta knapsack and tears off a piece.
98) 0) text: The security station is a pass-through area with a counte which are desks and a bank of monitors, showing boring mo empty corridors.  Dyson crosses quickly to a locker behin monitor area.  He swished his card repeatedly through the the locker.  Nothing happens.  The light on the locker is red.  Sarah notices Dyson's alarmed expression.
98) 4) dialog: NO!! We're going all the way!  You got that, Dyson? She's right in his face.  Somehow, it works for him.  He some resolve from somewhere.
100) 4) dialog: (yelling as she runs)
100) 5) text: John!  Fire-in-the-hole! John drops what he is doing, and covers his ears. Terminator fires at inhumanely close range. 145B    The door EXPLODES into kindling.  The concussion open, and flying shrapnel whizzes all around him.  Before thunderclap has faded Terminator walks into the fire and John goes back to work without missing a beat. Sarah and a stunned Dyson walk through the burning doorfr Artificial Intelligence Lab. A SIREN is sounding.  The HALON FIRE-CONTROL SYSTEM has b triggered.  The invisible gas roars in, putting out the f
100) 9) text: We'll have to keep these on a couple minutes, till the gas clears. Terminator pulls two five-gallon jerry-cans of gasoline f pack. Sarah starts pulling out book-sized, olive-grab CLAYMORE stacking them next to the gasoline.  Dyson stares.  Part believe they're really doing this.
103) 0) text: TIGHT ON A LARGE DISK DRIVE.  State-of-the-art.  Very exp FIRE AXE smashes down through the housing, shattering the 148A    WIDER, revealing a scene of high-tech pillage.  T disk drive into junk and steps to another.  WHAM.  Same r already demolished half a dozen. Sarah topples a file cabinet, scattering files. Dyson staggers up with an armload of heavy M-O (magnetic- disks and drops them on a growing stack in the middle of He and Sarah have their breathing masks hanging down arou necks, since the halon gas has dissipated.
103) 4) text: And all this here... that's it. 148B    Sarah goes into Dyson's office and starts hurling door onto the central junkpile... books, files, everythin desk. A FRAMED PHOTO of Dyson's wife and kids lands on top of t Tarissa, hugging Danny and Blythe, all grinning.  The gla shattered. 148C    Terminator cuts a swath, under Dyson's direction, into fragments with his inhuman swings. SMASH!  It's carnage.  Millions in hardware, and all irre fruits of their years of research... shattered, broken, d heap for the big bonfire of destiny. Dyson stops a second, panting.
105) 0) text: Sarah and Terminator are working like a crack team, riggi explosives.  She is taping the claymores to the gas cans tape to create powerful incendiary bombs.  Terminator is claymores and blocks of C-4 plastic explosive to the larg COMPUTER cabinets nearby.  All the claymores are wired ba detonator with has a RADIO-CONTROL RELAY switch.
105) 4) dialog: (to Dyson and Terminator)
113) 0) text: John pelts into the lab with Dyson stumbling along behind Sarah is just finished wiring all the charges to the cent detonator.
113) 2) dialog: Ready. John tosses her the metal hand.  She catches it and bends hand in her empty back-pack.  Sarah zips the pack and sta into it. Dyson's running out of steam.  The bandages at his should with seeping blood.  He stands in the middle of the lab, goodbye in his mind, looking weak and empty. Terminator strides into the lab.
113) 4) dialog: Dyson, hand me the detonator.  Let's go -- He gingerly picks up the detonator.  Starts toward her.
120) 4) text: I'll be back. He slings the grenade launcher over his shoulder and walk the corridor. 173B    BLAM.  A tear-gas grenade ricochets from wall to the corridor.  It skids to rest in front of Terminator, t a white cloud which quickly fills the corridor. 173C    In the elevator, Sarah and John are choking, hand mask back and forth desperately.  They're scarred.  This it. 173D    ANGLE ON THE SWAT TEAM, gripping their weapons at corridor.  They watch the boiling cloud, waiting. 173E    THEIR POV -- on the wall of boiling smoke.  A FIG Totally unaffected.  Terminator emerges from the smoke. misty-eyed.  Not what they expected.
123) 0) text: The tear gas has cleared to a thin haze.  The uninjured S tending their wounded.  They look up at the sound of shou roaring engine. 176A    THE SWAT VAN CRASHES INTO THE LOBBY in an explosi debris.  Cops scatter as the van screeches across the lob smoking one-eighty, sliding to a stop across the corridor to the bank of elevators.  Terminator backs up until -- c seals the corridor with the back of the van. 176B    Sarah and John stumble along the corridor, coughi They leap into the back of the van and Terminator hits th The van roars across the lobby and exits through blown-ou
125) 0) text: Terminator looks back at his two passengers as he turns t onto a divided highway.  Sarah and John are catching thei still coughing from the CS gas.  Terminator look to the r mirror.  He sees the xenon searchlight of the chopper beh gaining. Sarah looks around the inside of the SWAT van.  It is a r armory.  There are rifles, ballistic vests, all manner of
125) 1) dialog: John, get under these.  Hurry! He sits against the front bulkhead of the van and she pil proof vests on top of him, completely covering him.  Then two M-16s from the wall-rack and loads them.  She starts as -- 180     The SWAT van weaves through sparse traffic at hig Terminator slews the unstable van around cars and trucks be crawling.  The van hits it top speed of eighty.  They miss the back end of A WHITE 18-WHEEL TANKER. 180A    The chopper swings in behind them, closing fast. 180B    T-1000 reaches through the shattered canopy with pistol and FIRES.  The back of the can CLANGS WITH HITS. windows are BLOWN IN. Terminator weaves the van, trying to throw off the T-1000 The unstable vehicle screeches and wobbles on the edge of One of the doors is kicked open.  Sarah, wearing a ballis crouches in the doorway, whipping up the M-16.  SHE OPENS 180C    Bullets riddle what's left of the chopper's canop returns fire. The van is stitched with hits. 180D    INSIDE THE VAN holes are punched through the thin ripping up the interior.  The vests covering John are hit We see that Sarah has hung two Kevlar vests on the inside door and she ducks behind these as bullets hit around her back out and fires in controlled bursts.  The M-16 emptie grabs another. 180E    Terminator serves around a car which is changing and knocking it skidding.
125) 6) text: We need your truck. The guy seems to know better than to try and stop him as slides Sarah into the front seat and climbs in behind the runs to the passenger side. 187     THE TANKER ROARS, spewing smoke from its chrome s up through the gears. 188     Terminator slams the pickup in gear, checking the tanker is a hundred feet behind them now, and really movi Terminator puts the throttle down, but the pickup is and loaded down by a heavy home-made wooden camper-shell.  It slowly. 189     THE TANKER slams into one end of the SWAT van, sp way with a roar and screech of twisting metal.  The 18-wh to a higher gear, still accelerating.
131) 0) text: It is a maze of monstrous machinery.  The heat is tremend The air shivers with a pounding roar. Sarah cries out in pain and stumbles again.
132) 0) text: Terminator sees the SILHOUETTE closing on them through th gleam.  The T-1000 breaks into loping run when it sees th Terminator turns to Sarah over John.
132) 5) text: Come on, you gotta try... please, Mom.  Get up! John looks back to see -- 204A    TERMINATOR trying to load the M-79.  With his sha barely maneuver is last grenade into the breech. T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands.  It clatters t The grenade spins across the floor, rolling under some ma Terminator lunges, slamming the T-1000 against a wall wit weight.  The battle is joined. 204B    JOHN AND SARAH have reached the back of the aisle sac, blocked on the end by the base of an IMMENSE SMELTER They turn to watch the titans battle in silhouette, backl molten sparks falling from the furnaces above.  The battl decide their fate. 204C    Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awe the opposite wall of the narrow alley.  In less time than take to turn, the 204D    T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... fac back of its head. 204E    It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who fist into its face.  The pile-driver blow buries Terminat almost to the elbow. 204F    But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second in Terminator's wrist, and the head "emerges" somewhere else geometry shifting faster than we can follow. 204G    The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, the moving works.  A massive sliding bar SCISSORS HIS ARM into junk at the elbow, pinning him in the machine. Terminator strains against the machine pinning him.  We h servos whining with overload.  The T-1000 turns and lopes and John. Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machi falls into a maze of pipes and girders.
134) 0) text: TERMINATOR strains to reach a 6-foot steel bar lying near workers use them to move the red-hot ingots around.  He g the end and uses it as a lever.  With titanic effort he s massive components which are holding him, and withdraws h is severed at the elbow.  Dangling junk hands from the cr 207     SARAH has lost sight of John.  It is much of a go have. She turns as the T-1000 closes on her.  She is half-slump the sooty machines, looking barely conscious.  She strugg a shell into the empty weapon.  At the last instant she w RIOT GUN and FIRES. A207    T-1000's face is blown open, but quickly reforms She fumbles to get another shell into the magazine but -- A208    THUNK!  A steel needle slams through her shoulder The polymorphic killer cocks back its other hand.  The in extends as a gleaming needle, toward her eye --
135) 0) text: John scuttles like a rat through the gut of the smelter. vast machines churn untended.  He hears a voice... SARAH' Calling low and urgent to him.
135) 1) dialog: John?  John?  Can you hear me?  Where are you? 208A    He crawls out of the shadows. Onto a landing next to one of the SMELTER CRUCIBLES.  Mol glows bright orange in the crucible of the furnace.  Heat the air, giving everything a hallucinatory quality. John sees Sarah nearby, limping toward him.  She can bare leg bathed in blood.  He runs toward her.
135) 2) dialog: (gasping)
135) 3) text: Help me, honey... TIGHT ON SARAH, her stoic face, as she hobbles forward, r to him.  Something rises behind her, OUT OF FOCUS. 209     ANOTHER, IDENTICAL, SARAH... but this one has a s Aimed right at us. 209A    JOHN freezes.  Which is which?  He looks down.  T feet are melded with the floor, sucking and fusing with t she walks.  They have the color and pattern of the tiles knee.
135) 4) dialog: John, get out of the way!!
135) 15) dialog: It's finally over.
135) 26) text: Goodbye. Sarah looks at Terminator.  Reaches out her hand to shake They lock eyes.  Warriors.  Comrades.
135) 27) dialog: Are you afraid?
135) 33) dialog: August 29th 1997 came and went.  Nothing much happened.  Michael Jackson turned forty.  There was no Judgment Day.  People went to work as they always do, laughed, complained, watched TV, made love. We pass a jungle gym, neither melted nor burned, but full swinging and yelling raucously.  Past it we drop down to pumping the pedals of a tricycle.
135) 34) dialog: I wanted to run down the street yelling... to grab them all and say "Every day form this day is a gift.  Use it well!"  Instead I got drunk. STILL TRACKING we come to rest on an elderly woman seated It is SARAH, now 64 years old.  The world has aged her, b at peace in this moment.  She speaks into a microcassette
135) 35) dialog: That was thirty years ago.  But the dark future which never came still exists for me, and it always will, like the traces of a dream lingering in the morning light.  And the war against the machines goes on.  Or, to be more precise, the war against those who build the wrong machines. There is a man in is forties playing with two small child nearby.  He turns.  It is John Connor.  Through he has th features in adulthood, there is no eye-patch, no scarring from the haggard man on grim destiny we saw in the world have been.  But there is still penetrating intelligence, in his eyes.
135) 36) dialog: John fights the war differently than it was foretold.  Here, on the battlefield of the Senate, the weapons are common sense... and hope. A FOUR-YEAR-OLD GIRL runs to her to have her shoelace tie
135) 38) dialog: The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator.  Because if a machine can learn the value of human life... maybe we can too. Sarah ruffles the kids's hair as she runs off to play wit