41) 0) text: John is frantically pumping the kick-start of his bike, s shitless and the damned thing won't start.  His hands are badly he can't find the choke.  He looks up to see -- The T-1000 running down the corridor toward him. John fumbles with the choke.  The bike catches.  He slams and spins the bike out into the main aisle of the garage. John looks back... the T-1000 is behind him, running.  He throttle and guns the little bike forward.  Incredibly, t is gaining.  This nightmare isn't happening.  John races ramp, and charges right into the street.
42) 0) text: John shoots into the busy traffic.  Cuts off a BIG-RIG TO The DRIVER swears.  Hits his air horn.  What the driver d is the cop, running faster than O.J. Simpson at the airpo emerges onto the street and runs back at his truck. 46A     IN THE TRUCK.  The driver hears a thump as someth door, then feels himself pulled right out.  T-1000 slides takes his place.  The truck is still rolling along about T-1000 accelerates after John without missing a beat.  It up ahead, weaving through traffic. 46B     Out of the garage entrance, Terminator roars onto Harley. He accelerates after the others.
43) 0) text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he it before.  He races along the bottom of the canal, turni narrower tributary which has vertical sides. He looks back.  No sign of pursuit. 47A     Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great s The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches i into the center of the canal. It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, h angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous gri metal.  It ricochets back and forth between the walls the like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forwa speed. 47B     John looks back and sees this wall of metal almos concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle th has.  The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal in a tunnel.  Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy backlit in the setting sun.  It looks like some kind of d it's gaining. 47C     ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, fighting to overtake them.  He looks down and sees John w truck from Hell catching up to him.  It is only about twe behind him and still gaining. 47D     ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate of metal filling frame behind him. 47E     ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to road.  Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps t the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaul bordering the canal.  It slams down at the edge of the ca along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerat truck in the canal below. 47F     John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosi massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into h fender.  Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.  All this is about sixty miles and hour.  Top speed for the little dir 47G     SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the cana down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. out, an explosion of sparks under the frame.  Only the ul reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright.  Termi for control. 47H     He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars Honda. Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm an onto the Harley, in front of him.  John's Honda weaves an smashing instantly under thundering tires. The Harley roars ahead.  It hits eighty.  Ahead is an ove supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into channels.  The Harley thunders into one channel, which is a short tunnel. 47I     The truck can't fit on either side.  Neither can speed.  Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and the concrete abutment at seventy. 47J     Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looki fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side explode. Terminator stops the Harley.  John peers around his body destruction.  A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel a the mud.  Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, do disappearing around a bend. 47K     ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke ris Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a s flame.  A figure appears in the fire. Just an outline.  Walking slowly... calmly. The figure emerges from the flames. It is human-shaped but far from human.  A smooth chrome m servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its c hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liq surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it wal reminds us of mercury.  A mercury man.  Its face is simpl Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us. With each step detail returns. First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial fea ears... 47K     But it's still al chrome.  With its last step, th everything.  It is the cop again... handsome young face, mustache.  Icy eyes.  It stops and looks around. It is a perfect chameleon.  A liquid metal robot.  A kill with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of h 47L     ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fi T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them.  More cops ar blends in perfectly.  There are always cops at diasters a violence.  We now see why its choice of protective mimicr perfect. It walks among the other cops unnoticed. Gets into one of the squad cars.  Starts it and drives aw
49) 0) text: Janelle hangs up the phone.  Her expression is neutral. PAN OVER along her arm, which is stretched out straight f shoulder.  Partway along its length her arm has turned sm something else... a metal cylinder which tapers into a sw spike.  Now we see Todd Voight PINNED TO A KITCHEN CABINE spike which has punched through his milk carton, through and exits the back of his head into the cabinet door.  Hi glassy and lifeless. The spike is withdrawn -- SWIISHHTT! -- so rapidly, Todd standing there a second before he slumps out of sight.  T 53A     Janelle doesn't bat an eye as the spike smoothly color, transforming back into a hand, and then... 53B     JANELLE CHANGES rapidly into the COP we now know change has liquid quality.  T-1000 opens the back door.
50) 0) text: T-1000 approaches the big German Shepherd, which slinks a barking in fear.  T-1000 walk right into CLOSE UP.  Reach OF FRAME.  We hear that sickening THUNK followed by a shr Then T-1000's hand snaps up INTO FRAME holding a bloody d The tag reads "MAX". T-1000 nods thoughtfully.  Heads back to the house.
52) 0) text: T-1000 walks down the dark hall.  It passes the bathroom the real Janelle's legs through the half-open door.  The running.  Her blood mixes with water on the white tile fl 56A     In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching met dark. Calmly and dispassionately ripping the room apart for any could lead it to its target.  T-1000 finds a box of audio marked "Messages from Mom".  In it are some letters, and filled with snapshots.  It begins looking through some of photos... SHOT OF JOHN AND SARAH during the missing years.  Sarah i cammos with an RPG 7 grenade launcher, teaching John how Sarah with a group of military-clad Guatemalan men, stand cases of Stinger missiles.  John and Sarah in a Contra ca the mountains.
54) 0) text: T-1000 finds an envelope... a letter from Sarah to John s she's been at Pescadero State Hospital.  It reads the ret on the envelope.  It has what it needs.  It picks up a ta and the battered shoebox full of Sarah's tapes and exits.
61) 1) dialog: You have a Sarah Connor here? She assumes he's with the other cops.  Smiles.
62) 0) text: T-1000/Guard comes back out and glances at the nurse.
63) 0) text: A small room before a short SALLY-PORT corridor designed violent inmates from making a run for it.  There are door end.  The first one is barred like a jail-cell door, and is a steel fire door.  The attendants have a video monito they can see the corridor on the other side of the doors. The two bored attendants barely notice the T-1000/Guard a approaches.  Looks briefly at a chart next to the door, s SARAH CONNOR is in #19. 67A     IN THE ISOLATION WARD, the T-1000 passes a nurses a cage, walled in by heavy metal mesh.  Silberman, leanin doorway, is talking to an attendant in the cage.  He does twice at Lewis the Guard passing by. 68      SARAH, moving like a ghost in the darkened corrid coming and quietly but quickly unlocks a cell next to her Douglas' master key. 68A     She slips into the cell and waits as the footstep We glimpse the T-1000/Guard pass the window. She waits as the footsteps fade away.  She looks over.  A inmate, strapped to a bed, watches her with bird-like eye a finger to her lips -- SSHHH.  The inmate nods.  Sarah e 68B     POV MOVING TOWARD nurse's station.  We hear Silbe reviewing medication with the night attendant. ON SILBERMAN, yawning, looking at his watch. He turns to go... Sarah is there. She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the follows him in.  The orderly jumps up, going for his stun nails him with Douglas' baton.  WHAP-WHAP-WHAP!  You can the thing she's swinging it so fast.  The guys goes down. Silberman lunges for the alarm button and she cracks down arm.  He cries out and grabs his wrist. She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton. His legs buckle and he drops to his knees with his chin o She pins him with one hand.  He face is full of outraged
65) 21) text: Hang on. He cuts the wheel hard.  The car slews into a reverse 180 ends with a screech. T-1000 is almost on them. Terminator punches it.  The car accelerates forward. 80C     T-1000 leaps.  Lands on the trunk. Its hand is a metal crowbar slammed down through the trun Feet dragging on the pavement, it slams its other hand do punching another metal hook into the trunk lid, pulling i Terminator turns to Sarah.
82) 0) text: A police cruiser is parked off the side of a quiet, empty outskirts of Los Angeles.  A ribbon of traffic moves stea freeway in the distance.  Nothing stirs around the cruise pump-jacks sucking the earth on the hill behind it. A111    IN THE CRUISER.  The T-1000 sits inside.  John's spread out on the seat beside it.  Sarah's voice speaks f cassette deck.  John's tapes.  Her voices mixes with the chatter of the radio that T-1000 monitors for any signs o targets.
82) 3) dialog: Everything's fine.  Thanks for checking. (it gets slowly out of the car)
83) 0) text: The T-1000 thunders along on the Kawasaki 1100, doing abo and twenty.  PAN WITH IT until it recedes toward the hori
101) 0) text: The T-1000 moves slowly though the ravaged office, analyz happened here.  It walks down the dark hallway.  The plac deserted.  The police-walkie clipped on its belt (real, n blares to life.
102) 0) text: The T-1000 sprints up and throws its leg over the big C.H Fires it up.  It smokes an arcing scorch-mark on the pave spins around and roars away.
118) 0) text: As the face of the building EXPLODES in an eruption of gl Remains of the second-floor windows shower the parking lo fireball rolls out, leaping into the sky. The cops look up, stunned.  The helicopter banks away fro Burning debris falls among the cop cars and a number of o break ranks, pulling back. 171     ONLY ONE OF THEM seems to be moving with purpose. just arrived drives through the disorganized crowd, direc the building. 171A    T-1000 guns the bike up a ramp to a pedestrian br from a parking structure to the Cyberdyne building.  It e second floor, which is now a burning maze.
119) 0) text: T-1000 drives into the smoky wreckage.  It draws a Hoechl MPK machine pistol and cruises slowly into the firelit of scanning. 172A    IN THE CORRIDOR the bike skirts flaming wreckage T-1000 scans the leaping shadows for its prey.
124) 0) text: T-1000, astride the Kawasaki, looks down from a second-fl and sees the van tearing across the parking lot with the cops firing at it.  It knows.  It looks around.  Analyzin It sees the helicopter hovering outside the building at t this corner office block... It twists full throttle on the powerful bike. Roars through the office, accelerating fast, straight at windows -- 178     T-1000 BLASTS OUT THROUGH THE GLASS, airborne on rockets across the gap to the hovering chopper and -- 178A    SLAMS into the canopy.  The impact of bike and ri chopper radically.  The startled PILOT fights to regain c bike tumbles to the pavement below. 178B    The T-1000 doesn't.  It clings to the shattered c Nightmarishly, the pilot watches as the T-1000 smashes it through the plexiglass canopy and rapidly POURS ITSELF th jagged hole.  It reforms instantly into its previous self passenger seat. 178C    It hurls the pilot out of the chopper and slides seat. The chopper is auto-rotating, spinning out of control.  I toward the parking lot.  T-1000 recovers control ten feet ground. 178D    Cops hits the deck as the tail-boom swings around inches. The chopper lifts out in a power climb, roaring away acro parking lot toward the fleeing SWAT van. OKAY, BUCKLE YOUR SEATBELTS, HERE IT COMES...
127) 0) text: T-1000 holds the wheel hard over, mercilessly grinding th The whole rig jerks and shakes with the violence of the s hammering.
129) 0) text: The chase has led them to an area of heavy industry. 192     THE GATES are blasted off their hinges as the sem right through them.  Terminator struggles to reload amid and impacts.  He has THREE GRENADES LEFT on the bandolier John isn't even steering.  They are just being pushed.  T nothing he can do.  They are rocketing down the broad tho which leads directly to the MAIN BUILDING of the plant. 192A    Terminator pulls himself onto the roof of the pic He leaps to the bed, takes two powerful strides and -- Leaps onto the semi.  He climbs rapidly onto the hood. 192B    And FIRES POINT BLANK THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD. Right into T-1000's face. The EXPLOSION blows out all the glass and fills the cab w and fire  Terminator grabs onto the air-horn as the truck
130) 0) text: Terminator slams to the floor of the mill and rolls, as - The tanker-trailer smashed into a massive concrete suppor of the doors.  Thunderous carnage of twisting metal. 193A    It splits wide open.  A river of liquid nitrogen 193B    John hits the brakes, sliding out of control.  He stop but hits a steel support column head-on.  He and Sar slammed forward, hard. 193C    Terminator, still clutching the M-79 blooper, rol the floor. He smashes through a railing and slams up against the bas massive machine. 193D    The semi cab swings about the trailer wreckage, i shudders to a stop.  Liquid nitrogen sprays over the cab, around it in a HISSING WAVEFRONT OF ULTRACOLD. Freezing vapor swirls everywhere, obscuring the wreck. 193E    TERMINATOR lies still.  A beat.  Then he rolls we elbow to survey the scene. 193F    IN THE WRECKED PICKUP, John stirs.  He is stunned his nose.  Dazed, he realizes he is in a steel mill.  The sirens, and he can see men running... shouting.  He turns what they are running from... 193G    The wall of nitrogen vapor spreads from the demol a strange vista of fire and ice.  The huge SMELTERS pour light and fire from the sides of the huge galley, while t vapor rolls down the center. 193H    TIGHT ON THE WRECK.  A billowing gray cloud.  Dee of the cab in visible.  A FIGURE emerges, pulling itself drops to the floor.  The hissing, boiling river of liquid flows around its feet. 194     The T-1000 staggers, moving slowly, painfully.  I affected by something.  Its feet are freezing to the grou walks... 194A    CLINK!  One of its feet breaks off at a glassy an forward, and -- 194B    Its other foot snaps off.  As it catches its bala its other ankle, 194C    the whole lower leg shatters at the impact.  It t knees. Catches itself on one hand.  Liquid nitrogen flows around Now the hand is stuck to the pavement. 194D    The T-1000 pulls and... CLINK!  The hand snaps of It looks stupidly at the glassy stump of a wrist.  For th we see an expression on its face we know to be a true one The expression is pain.  Agony.  Its mouth opens in a sou scream as the hoar-frost races up its legs, across its bo 194E    And that's the position it freezes in. It has become a statue, kneeling in the frozen vapor, tha look of agony frozen on its face. The liquid nitrogen stops flowing and begins to evaporate 194F    Terminator, just beyond the boundary of the cold, clearly. He draws his .45 and aims.
132) 0) text: Terminator sees the SILHOUETTE closing on them through th gleam.  The T-1000 breaks into loping run when it sees th Terminator turns to Sarah over John.
132) 5) text: Come on, you gotta try... please, Mom.  Get up! John looks back to see -- 204A    TERMINATOR trying to load the M-79.  With his sha barely maneuver is last grenade into the breech. T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands.  It clatters t The grenade spins across the floor, rolling under some ma Terminator lunges, slamming the T-1000 against a wall wit weight.  The battle is joined. 204B    JOHN AND SARAH have reached the back of the aisle sac, blocked on the end by the base of an IMMENSE SMELTER They turn to watch the titans battle in silhouette, backl molten sparks falling from the furnaces above.  The battl decide their fate. 204C    Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awe the opposite wall of the narrow alley.  In less time than take to turn, the 204D    T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... fac back of its head. 204E    It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who fist into its face.  The pile-driver blow buries Terminat almost to the elbow. 204F    But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second in Terminator's wrist, and the head "emerges" somewhere else geometry shifting faster than we can follow. 204G    The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, the moving works.  A massive sliding bar SCISSORS HIS ARM into junk at the elbow, pinning him in the machine. Terminator strains against the machine pinning him.  We h servos whining with overload.  The T-1000 turns and lopes and John. Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machi falls into a maze of pipes and girders.
134) 0) text: TERMINATOR strains to reach a 6-foot steel bar lying near workers use them to move the red-hot ingots around.  He g the end and uses it as a lever.  With titanic effort he s massive components which are holding him, and withdraws h is severed at the elbow.  Dangling junk hands from the cr 207     SARAH has lost sight of John.  It is much of a go have. She turns as the T-1000 closes on her.  She is half-slump the sooty machines, looking barely conscious.  She strugg a shell into the empty weapon.  At the last instant she w RIOT GUN and FIRES. A207    T-1000's face is blown open, but quickly reforms She fumbles to get another shell into the magazine but -- A208    THUNK!  A steel needle slams through her shoulder The polymorphic killer cocks back its other hand.  The in extends as a gleaming needle, toward her eye --
134) 1) dialog: Call to John.  Now. 207C    WHAM!!  SOMETHING whistles down on the T-1000 wit cleaves it head and body in two down to the naval.  The 6 bar is imbedded in its body.  Terminator hurls the killer 207D    The T-1000 pulls the steel shaft out of itself an fury. Swinging again and again.  Hammering Terminator back.  Te falls back against the wall. Behind the T-1000 is an enormous I-beam, hanging from two is used to lift ingots into the smelters, and it runs on track. 207E    The T-1000 grabs the I-beam and rolls it down the Terminator.  The two-ton girder smashes into his chest, c armor. The T-1000 pulls the I-beam back, and then heaves it forw Terminator turns and takes the second blow on the shoulde metal crush and break inside him.  He sags, turning to gr wall... The third blow slams into his back, smashing his spine an hear servos ratcheting and failing.  He drops to his knee on a wall of machinery. The fourth blow is centered between his shoulder blades. crushing metal.  His skull is partially caved in. He slides to the floor. 207F    ON THE T-1000, emotionless as it walks forward. 207G    TERMINATOR is a pathetic shape on the floor.  He feebly. Dragging his malfunctioning legs behind the crushed spine stump screeches on the tile floor as he inches himself fo exposed machine eye burns red with determination. We see his prize.  He has the M-79, with the breech still cradled in the crook of his ruined arm.  He good hand, th steel one, is reaching for the last grenade, which is vis the skirt of the massive smelter base.  His metal fingers for it as -- 207H    The T-1000 raises the heavy steel bar over his he with unbelievable force.  It punches into Terminator's ba gap in the shattered armor.  The T-1000 levers it back an widening the hole.  Then is raises the pointed bar again down. It punches right through.  Emerging from Terminator's che And into the floor.  He is pinioned.  The cyborg sags fac stop moving.  The light goes out of his eye.