75) 0) text: Miles Dyson sits at the huge desk in his study.  He is de thought, tapping away at the keyboard of his home compute Next to desk are racks of sophisticated gear.  On a Sunda when most men are relaxing, spending time with their fami is hard at work. IN A PROFILE CLOSEUP we see him in deep concentration, hi prowling the labyrinth of his new microprocessor. A WOMAN'S FACE ENTERS FRAME soundlessly behind him.  He d her.  His wife, TARISSA, extends her tongue and traces it back of his neck.  He smiles and turns to kiss her good m She's still in her bathrobe, holding coffee.  He's been u He turns and goes back to work, forgetting instantly that standing there. She watches him work, the arcane symbols moving across th We see her frustration, her inability to truly enter the of his world.
75) 1) dialog: You going to work all day?
75) 4) dialog: You need a break.  You'll see it clear when you come back.
75) 6) dialog: Miles, it's Sunday.  You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
75) 9) dialog: I know.  You told me.  It's a neural-net processor.  It thinks and learns like we do. It's superconducting at room temperature. Other computer are pocket calculators by comparison. (she pulls away from him)
75) 14) dialog: Why did you marry me, Miles?  Why did we have these two children?  You don't need us.  Your heart and your mind are in here. (she stares at the metal box in her hands)
75) 17) dialog: How about spending some time with your other babies? Dyson grins. The forces of darkness have lost this round. out his hands and his kids run to him, cheering.
91) 3) dialog: Miles!  Oh my God!!
93) 0) text: Advancing with Sarah we enter the living area.  Tarissa h she's screaming at Danny, who has run back to his collaps
93) 1) dialog: Danny!  DANNY!
94) 0) text: Sarah puts out her fifth cigarette.  She's sitting on the John, Terminator, Dyson, and Tarissa are at the kitchen t a single overhead light. Dyson looks like that guy on the Sistine Chapel wall, the soul... eyes fixed and staring with terrifying knowledge. shoulder is bandaged.  Terminator's arm is wrapped with a bandage below the elbow.  The steel forearm and hand glea harsh kitchen light.  TRACKING AROUND THE TABLE as Termin speaks... we don't hear the words.
94) 8) dialog: But I thought... aren't we changing things?  I mean... right now?  Changing the way it goes?
94) 35) text: Yeah, right. He turns to his wife.  Her face is streaked with tears, b are strong and clear.  Tarissa puts her hands on his arm. stunned by what she's heard, but dealing with it.  She be
94) 36) dialog: Miles, I'm scared.  Okay.  But the only thing that scares me more than you going... is you not going. He nods.  She's right.
103) 4) text: And all this here... that's it. 148B    Sarah goes into Dyson's office and starts hurling door onto the central junkpile... books, files, everythin desk. A FRAMED PHOTO of Dyson's wife and kids lands on top of t Tarissa, hugging Danny and Blythe, all grinning.  The gla shattered. 148C    Terminator cuts a swath, under Dyson's direction, into fragments with his inhuman swings. SMASH!  It's carnage.  Millions in hardware, and all irre fruits of their years of research... shattered, broken, d heap for the big bonfire of destiny. Dyson stops a second, panting.