0) 0) text: Downtown L.A.  Noon on a hot summer day.  On an EXTREME L lunchtime crowd stacks up into a wall of humanity.  In SL they move in herds among the glittering rows of cars jamm bumper.  Heat ripples distort the torrent of faces.  The surreal, dreamy... and like a dream it begins very slowly
2) 1) text: 5A      Explosions!  Beam-weapons firing like searing str 5B      A gunner is an armored personnel carrier fires a pursuing Aerial HK, bringing it down in a fiery explosion 5C      Another APC is crushed under the treads of a mass 5D      A TEAM OF GUERRILLAS in a intense fire-fight with 5E      endoskeletons in the ruins of a building.  Three 5F      endoskeletons advance, firing rapidly.  Another ( with flesh ripped open and back broken, gropes for a rifl ground. 5G      A Centurion overruns a human firing position.  So down as they run.  Fiery explosions light the ranks of ad machines. 6       IN A BLASTED GUN EMPLACEMENT at the edge of battl the combat with night-vision binoculars.  He wears the un guerrilla general, and a black beret.  He is still amid r shouting techs and officers. C.U. MAN, pushing slowly in as the battle rages O.S.  He binoculars.  He is forty-five years old.  Features severe side of his face is heavily scarred.  A patch covers that impressive man, forged in the furnace of a lifetime of wa stitched on the band of his beret is CONNOR.  We push in eyes fill frame, then...
4) 0) text: On a back route to north L.A.  A handful of local TRUCKER chili-sizes, CAT hats pushed back on their heads.  Three playing a game of pool in the back, their Miller empties table's rail.  The dive's owner, LLOYD, a fat, aging bike soiled apron, stands behind the bar.  Nothing much going Then the front door opens and a big naked guy strolls in doesn't happen every night.  All eyes simultaneously swiv Terminator.  Its emotionless gaze passes over the custome walks calmly through the room.  Everyone frozen, not sure react. 8A      TERMINATOR POV.  A digitized electronic scan of t with alphanumeric readouts which change faster than the h can follow.  In POV we move past the staring truckers, pa owner and the awestruck WAITRESS, and approach a large na biker puffing on a cigar.  His body is outlined, or "sele thousands of estimated measurements appear.  His clothing analyzed and deemed suitable...
10) 2) dialog: Your foster parents are kinda dicks, right?
12) 0) text: John hops on the bike.  Kick-starts it.  Tim picks up Joh bag, then climbs on the back.  Todd ENTERS and shouts ove engine, which John revs louder and louder.
13) 0) text: John cuts through a vacant lot to a trail running beside drainage canal.  He guns the bike through a hole in the r fence.  Tim's eyes go wide as they roar down the concrete 17A     IN THE DRAINAGE CANAL John zig-zags along, throwi roostertail of muddy water.  Tim shouts, pretending he di see his life flash before his eyes.  He slaps John on the
13) 1) dialog: Major moves, homes!  So... where is your real mom, anyway? (John doesn't answer)
15) 0) text: Sunlight is a barred slash on the bare institutional wall is empty of all furnishings save the bed, a stainless ste toilet, and a dented metal mirror.  WE HEAR a rhythmic gr small explosions of breath in perfectly-metered time. PAN TO a bedframe leaned upright against the wall, legs f outward.  A pair of sweaty hands grip one leg.  Tendons k release as SOMEONE does pull-ups.  A man of tangled hair face that comes INTO FRAME, dips out, comes back. WIDER.  A WOMAN in a tank top and hospital pants in hangi top leg of the vertical bedframe.  Her body is straight a Knees bent so the feet clear the ground.  The arms are le muscular.  The inmate, face hidden, pulls up, dips, pulls a machine.  No change in rhythm.
20) 0) text: John furtively hunches before a Ready-Teller machine at t a local bank while his friend Tim stands lookout.  John s stolen ATM card into the machine slot.  It is something h up, because trailing from the card is ribbon-wire which g some kind of black-box electronics unit he's got in his e knapsack.  He holds the pack between his knees and pulls little lap-top keyboard, which is also connected to the b John enters a few commands and the plasma-screen displays number for that account.  He quickly enters the number on Teller's keypad and asks it for 300 bucks.  The machine w begins dispensing twenty-dollar bills.  Tim looks back ov shoulder amazed.
20) 2) dialog: Where'd you learn all this stuff? John collects the twenties as the machine kicks them out. professional electronic-age thief at ten years old.
21) 0) text: They huddle behind the building as John counts out Tim's He folds five twenties and palms them to the other kid. opens his wallet to put in his money, Tim notices a pictu plastic sleeve.
21) 1) dialog: That her? John reluctantly shows his friend the Polaroid.  It is a Sarah.  Pregnant, in a jeep near the Mexican border.  Joh know it now, but he will carry the photo with him for ove and give it to a young man named Kyle Reese, who will tra time to become his father.  Yes, that photo.
21) 2) dialog: So she's pretty cool, huh?
21) 4) dialog: No shit?
25) 17) text: There's not much time left in the world, Sarah. Reese goes out the door.  Sarah jumps from the bed, frant the door open.  Follow her out.
26) 0) text: Sarah staggers from her cell.  Reese is already, impossib hundred feet away, striding down the dim corridor.  A sil in a long coat, disappearing around a corner. Sarah runs after him, her bare feet slapping the cold lin Her hospital gown floats out behind her as she dream-runs seemingly infinite corridor.  She reaches the corner, sli it, and... 30A     Slams right into the arms of Douglas and his thre grab her as she struggles and screams.  The Silberman is smiling soothingly.  They force her down and she is pinne the floor, screaming.  A new figure approaches... one eve menacing. TERMINATOR walks toward her, with heavy measured steps. eyes concealed by the sunglasses, it stands over her like of death itself.  It reaches down and... Takes her hand.  Lifts her up.  Leads her to a door.  The together.  Emerging into... 30B     A BEAUTIFUL SUNLIGHT MORNING.  CHILDREN are playi down slides, clambering through a jungle gym.  Sarah know dream know... it's is the worst of all her nightmares.  S to scream but no sound comes out. 30C     THE SKY EXPLODES into WHITE LIGHT.  Everything is glare, hotter than a thousand suns.  The children ignite match heads.  Sarah is burning, screaming silently, every and overexposed.  Terminator's flesh and clothing are bur silently.  It grips her hand, Virgil to her Dante in this nuclear-age Inferno. 30D     THE BLAST WAVE HITS... a near-solid wall of compr by 250-mph winds.  The children, charcoal statues frozen of play, explode into black leaves of ash and swirl away. hit now, with a thunderous roar.  Sarah's scream merges w howl of the wind as the blast hits her, exploding the fle bones.  Beside her, Terminator is stripped of its burnt f becoming a smoking skeleton of steel. 30E     Then she wake up... in her cell, shackled to the her eyes.  She looks desperate and defeated.  She knows t coming.  It visits her every time she closes her eyes.  L alone, Sarah feels all hope recede for herself and for hu
39) 1) dialog: Some cop is scoping for you, dude. John looks around the corner of the "Afterburner" ride. showing a picture to some of the kids.  The kids point hi John ducks just as the cop glances over.  He slinks out t of the ride and heads for the back of the store, instinct retreating.  Sarah has taught him that cops are bad news. THE COP scans the crowded arcade.  Glimpses John, looking moves around a row of machines.  Starts toward him. JOHN sees the cop homing in and starts walking fast.  Loo THE COP is shoving through clots of kids.  One of them is the floor.  As eddy of outrage behind the cop as he gains John breaks into run.  So does the cop. Kids scatter like ten-pins as the cop charges after John. John sprints through the arcade's back officer and store-
40) 0) text: John emerges through a firedoor into a long corridor with to the parking garage.  He's running full out, when aroun ahead of him comes... TERMINATOR.  Time stretches to nightmarish crawl as John brake to a stop.  Terminator reaches into the box of rose SLOW MOTION.  The cold back steel of the SHOTGUN emerges falls open, the roses spilling to the floor.  TERMINATOR' crushes the flowers as it moves forward. JOHN, transfixed by terror, is trapped in the narrow feat shooting gallery of the corridor.  THE SHOTGUN COMES UP. expressionlessly strides forward.  Jacks a round into the slow and fluid. John looks behind him for a place to run.  Sees the cop c him, pulling his Beretta pistol.  Incredibly, John realiz is aiming his gun at him! John looks back at Terminator.  He is starting into the b of the 10-gauge now.  Aimed right at his head.  He realiz screwed.  Then something crazy happens...
43) 0) text: John slides his bike down the service ramp faster than he it before.  He races along the bottom of the canal, turni narrower tributary which has vertical sides. He looks back.  No sign of pursuit. 47A     Suddenly he sees the sun blocked out by a great s The Kenworth tow-truck... big as a house, all chrome and diesel engine... crashes through the fence and launches i into the center of the canal. It crashes down, 15 feet to the ground, going about 60, h angle and tears into the concrete wall with a hideous gri metal.  It ricochets back and forth between the walls the like a gunshot stegosaurus, it just keep on plowing forwa speed. 47B     John looks back and sees this wall of metal almos concrete canal and he milks every last bit of throttle th has.  The Kenworth is all muscle, tearing along the canal in a tunnel.  Its big tires send up huge sheets of muddy backlit in the setting sun.  It looks like some kind of d it's gaining. 47C     ABOVE THEM, on the service road running parallel, fighting to overtake them.  He looks down and sees John w truck from Hell catching up to him.  It is only about twe behind him and still gaining. 47D     ANGLE IN THE CANAL, looking back past a desperate of metal filling frame behind him. 47E     ABOVE, Terminator cuts the bike suddenly hard to road.  Hitting an earth embankment just right, he jumps t the air like Steve McQueen in "The Great Escape" and vaul bordering the canal.  It slams down at the edge of the ca along, inches from the drop-off on a dirt path, accelerat truck in the canal below. 47F     John hits some water and slews momentarily, loosi massive push-plate on the front of the truck slams into h fender.  Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.  All this is about sixty miles and hour.  Top speed for the little dir 47G     SLOW MOTION as Terminator jumps the bike again. pound Harley sails out into space and drops into the cana down between the truck and John, hitting on its wheels. out, an explosion of sparks under the frame.  Only the ul reflexes of a machine could keep the bike upright.  Termi for control. 47H     He guns the throttle and the powerful bike roars Honda. Terminator sweeps the kid off his machine with one arm an onto the Harley, in front of him.  John's Honda weaves an smashing instantly under thundering tires. The Harley roars ahead.  It hits eighty.  Ahead is an ove supporting it is an abutment which bisects the canal into channels.  The Harley thunders into one channel, which is a short tunnel. 47I     The truck can't fit on either side.  Neither can speed.  Tires locked, it slides on the muddy concrete and the concrete abutment at seventy. 47J     Terminator and John emerge from the tunnel, looki fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side explode. Terminator stops the Harley.  John peers around his body destruction.  A burning wheel wobbles out of the tunnel a the mud.  Terminator revs the bike and they roar away, do disappearing around a bend. 47K     ANGLE ON THE FIRE, as a column of black smoke ris Smoke boils from the tunnel as well, and inside it is a s flame.  A figure appears in the fire. Just an outline.  Walking slowly... calmly. The figure emerges from the flames. It is human-shaped but far from human.  A smooth chrome m servo-mechanism like Terminator is underneath, with its c hydraulics and cables... this thing is a featureless, liq surface, bending seamlessly at knees and elbows as it wal reminds us of mercury.  A mercury man.  Its face is simpl Unruffled by thousand-degree heat, it walks toward us. With each step detail returns. First the shape and lines of its clothing emerge from the chrome surface, then finer details... buttons, facial fea ears... 47K     But it's still al chrome.  With its last step, th everything.  It is the cop again... handsome young face, mustache.  Icy eyes.  It stops and looks around. It is a perfect chameleon.  A liquid metal robot.  A kill with the ultimate skills of mimicry for infiltration of h 47L     ANGLE NEARBY, as several police cruisers and a fi T-1000 climbs out of the canal behind them.  More cops ar blends in perfectly.  There are always cops at diasters a violence.  We now see why its choice of protective mimicr perfect. It walks among the other cops unnoticed. Gets into one of the squad cars.  Starts it and drives aw
74) 16) text: The Skynet funding bill is passed.  The system goes on-line August 4th, 1997.  Human decisions are removed from strategic defense.  Skynet begins to learn, at a geometric rate.  It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. eastern time, August 29. In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
75) 0) text: Miles Dyson sits at the huge desk in his study.  He is de thought, tapping away at the keyboard of his home compute Next to desk are racks of sophisticated gear.  On a Sunda when most men are relaxing, spending time with their fami is hard at work. IN A PROFILE CLOSEUP we see him in deep concentration, hi prowling the labyrinth of his new microprocessor. A WOMAN'S FACE ENTERS FRAME soundlessly behind him.  He d her.  His wife, TARISSA, extends her tongue and traces it back of his neck.  He smiles and turns to kiss her good m She's still in her bathrobe, holding coffee.  He's been u He turns and goes back to work, forgetting instantly that standing there. She watches him work, the arcane symbols moving across th We see her frustration, her inability to truly enter the of his world.
75) 10) text: But why is that so goddamn important, Miles? I really need to know, 'cause I feel like I'm going crazy here, sometimes.
79) 5) text: Just drop by any time and totally fuck up my life. She slaps him on the shoulder.
81) 6) text: Thanks.  Mom and him were only together for one night, but she still loves him, I guess.  I see her crying sometimes.  She denies it totally, of course.  Like she says she got something in her eye. They crawl out from under the truck into the bright sunli
112) 0) text: We see the advance squad of SWATs make it to one of the s They start up, two at a time, covering each other rituali the numbers.
132) 5) text: Come on, you gotta try... please, Mom.  Get up! John looks back to see -- 204A    TERMINATOR trying to load the M-79.  With his sha barely maneuver is last grenade into the breech. T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands.  It clatters t The grenade spins across the floor, rolling under some ma Terminator lunges, slamming the T-1000 against a wall wit weight.  The battle is joined. 204B    JOHN AND SARAH have reached the back of the aisle sac, blocked on the end by the base of an IMMENSE SMELTER They turn to watch the titans battle in silhouette, backl molten sparks falling from the furnaces above.  The battl decide their fate. 204C    Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awe the opposite wall of the narrow alley.  In less time than take to turn, the 204D    T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... fac back of its head. 204E    It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who fist into its face.  The pile-driver blow buries Terminat almost to the elbow. 204F    But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second in Terminator's wrist, and the head "emerges" somewhere else geometry shifting faster than we can follow. 204G    The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, the moving works.  A massive sliding bar SCISSORS HIS ARM into junk at the elbow, pinning him in the machine. Terminator strains against the machine pinning him.  We h servos whining with overload.  The T-1000 turns and lopes and John. Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machi falls into a maze of pipes and girders.
135) 32) text: WE BOOM DOWN AND TRACK LATERALLY through a playground in foreground.  Children swinging on swings.  Sliding down s Timeless things that 4 decades of technical advancement w change.  As we track we hear: