11) 2) text: Todd?  Are you gonna sit there or are you gonna do something? He sighs.  Throws down the TV's remote and heads for the
12) 0) text: John hops on the bike.  Kick-starts it.  Tim picks up Joh bag, then climbs on the back.  Todd ENTERS and shouts ove engine, which John revs louder and louder.
12) 1) dialog: John!  Get your ass inside right now and do what your mother says! John pins Todd with a defiant glare.
23) 0) text: TIGHT ON FRONT DOOR as Todd Voight opens it, revealing th face of Officer X beyond the screen door.  Todd greets hi weary sigh.
23) 2) dialog: That's right, officer.  What's he done now? Officer X ignores the question.  He casually scans the li
23) 4) dialog: Well, you could if he was here.  Be he took off on his bike this morning.  Could be anywhere. You gonna tell me what his is about?
23) 7) dialog: Yeah, big guy.  On a bike.  Has that got something to do with it? Officer X registers the significance of that.  He realize big guy must be.  He smiles.  Reassuringly shakes his hea
23) 9) dialog: Get the album, Janelle.
48) 6) text: Something's wrong.  She's never this nice. IN THE VOIGHTS' KITCHEN.  Todd comes through the kitchen' Just home from work.  He ignores Janelle and opens the fr a carton of milk.  Takes a sip.  Frowns at the dog's bark
48) 7) dialog: What the hell's the goddamn dog barking at?
49) 0) text: Janelle hangs up the phone.  Her expression is neutral. PAN OVER along her arm, which is stretched out straight f shoulder.  Partway along its length her arm has turned sm something else... a metal cylinder which tapers into a sw spike.  Now we see Todd Voight PINNED TO A KITCHEN CABINE spike which has punched through his milk carton, through and exits the back of his head into the cabinet door.  Hi glassy and lifeless. The spike is withdrawn -- SWIISHHTT! -- so rapidly, Todd standing there a second before he slumps out of sight.  T 53A     Janelle doesn't bat an eye as the spike smoothly color, transforming back into a hand, and then... 53B     JANELLE CHANGES rapidly into the COP we now know change has liquid quality.  T-1000 opens the back door.