9) 2) dialog: I don’t believe this! This is not happening! RAY stares at the two deep grooves that have been sliced into the lawn by FRANK’S tires.
9) 3) text: mI. My lawn ... wee, destroyed « FRANK climbs out of his car ... he offers his card to RAY.
9) 5) dialog: I swear to God, I’m gonna sue your ass! ¢
9) 7) text: “Prank Bannister. Communications With The Dearly Departed ..- Psychic Investigator"!!1l That’s a good onel How come you didn’t see the corner coming??? RAY rips the card in two.
9) 8) dialog: Goddamn Pollshit! FRANK quietly slides back into his car and starts reversing across the lawn.
9) 9) dialog: - (yelling) It‘s gonna cost. you, buddy! I want this lawn completely resurfaced! RAY waves his arm at the gaping hole torn in his hedge. RAY (CONT‘D ate I wanna fully AS hedge transplant! T a ant half- assed little seedlings that are gonna take ten years to grow ... ye hear me? .
9) 10) text: FRANK continues raversing onto the road. RAY snatches up a headless lawn dwarf from the ramains of the hedge. RAY (COKT‘D) And I want wy lawn dwarf replaced!: This is a onemef@ collectors piece! FRANK disappears down the road.
13) 1) dialog: She’s a murderer! Lucy (0.S) I feel sorry for her.
13) 3) dialog: Lucy! She killed twelve people! LUCY looks up from the book. , Lucy It was never Proven that Patricia Bartlett was actively involved. She fell in love with the wrong guy ... CLOSE ON: A glossy photo of a grinning twenty-two year 1 old wan. He is attractive looking, but with a Satantic gleam in his eye. The caption below reads: "Johnny Bradley, on the day of his execution. His last words: ‘TI got te a score of 12! Top that!’*. LUCY (CONT’D) ++. it can happen to anyone.
13) 4) dialog: She was there ... They should’ve fried her when they fried Bradley! Lucy turns the page ... a photo of a young Patricia being lead out of court by her mother. - Luci (acidly) She was fifteen years old. RAY sighs ... LUCY shuts the book. LUCY (CONT’D) I don’t think shes been in Getty out of that house Y years... Q\ RAY stands, sweat dribbling 4 Re chest.
13) 5) dialog: Can we talk about something else? 1 Like how amazingly well I did at . work today? Like ... guess who's -asked me to be their personal trainer? LUCY ignores RAY ... He crawls onto the bed like a panther ---. He slaps the bed cover with the pals of his hand. RAY (CONT’D) _- (lascivious) Come on, Honey ... I’ve got a friend who wants to meet you! LUCY allows RAY to pull her down into an embrace. RAY (CONT’D) (nuzzling her neck) I made reservations at Bellisimos. favorite table ... remember? sday? RAY suddenly pauses ... he plucks a card out of the folds of the bedclothes. RAY (CONT‘’D) (annoyed) What the hell is this doing here? CLOSE ON ... Prank Bannister’s business card ~ now in one piece. LUCY glances up disinterestedly. She shrugs. RAY (CONT‘D) (puzzled) I tore it up ... did he come back to the house? Lucy who???
13) 6) dialog: The moron who took out the hedge!
13) 9) dialog: (from below bedclothes) eee tornado! Some sorta localized air current ... LUCY jumps to her feet, throwing the bedclothes away. She backs away from thes, rigid with fear ... collapsing on the bed. Lucy (trembling) ‘our windows are shut ... AT THAT MOMENT ... The BED lurches into the air! LUCY SCREAMS and clings onto it ... it apins around slowly.
14) 0) text: LUCY puts the phone down. G gt? a} ‘¥ Your making me wr ee I don’t want that con-man in my house! ANGLE: om RAY standing in the middle of the kitchen as CUPBOARDS open and ghut wildly, CHAIRS float in the sir, KNIVES and FORKS danca about on the bench. RAY (CONT’D) There‘a a rational explanation for this ... we don’t nead a goddamn Spoon bender telling us what to a . dol Lucy Ray! We‘ve got a poltergeist!
14) 1) dialog: It's nothing the police can‘t handle! A cratily whirling SAUCEPAN sping through the air, Collecting RAY on the back of the head with a loud "DONG"! He drops. cur To: f
15) 0) text: HEADLIGHTS of am epeeding car approach the Lynskey’s bouse. FRANK‘S CAR suddenly veers off the road ... leaps the curb and skids to a halt across the lawn ... cutting freab furrows in the graaal LOW ANGLE: Car door opens and FRANK emerges, bag in hand INT, “LYNSKEY KITCHEN - NIGHT Lucy is applying ice to the back of RAY’S head ... he winces, holding a wet face cloth against his forehead -.. all is quiet. . FRANK rushes into the kitchen ...
15) 6) dialog: How wuch?
15) 8) dialog: (sullen) Just do it, Bannisteri FRANK goes to work... He pulls a BLACK BOX out of his bag ... plugs it into a ‘Wall socket. An electrical arc fizzes between two A small fan in the side of the box spins
15) 14) dialog: For Godsanke, Bannister!
15) 17) dialog: This is bullshit see total bulishit! FRANK’S black box suddenly stops ... a emall green light flashes. FRANK ambles back into the ritcnem Po pulls a SILVER POIL BAG out of the middle of - He quickly seals the top and offera it to aye These belong to you ... six ectoplacmic Epanations. LUCY looks bewildered. PRANK (CONT’D) Some people like a souvenir ... (be grins) They can’t escape. Where shall I put’ an? mR. Lucy (nervously) I don’t think we really wanna hang onte those ... do wa, Hon? e garbage crépesal PRANK shrugs and sauntera over si weee drops the bag into the af A quick burst of the motor and theay’re gone. LUCY gasps.
15) 19) dialog: (irritated) Alright ... you can go.
15) 21) text: “RAY takes the face cloth off his forehead .-. FRANK etares at his forehead ... FRANK'S POV .... the number "37" is oarked in raised welt of skin on RAY¥‘S forehead. . RAY . What the hell are you staring Bt???
15) 23) dialog: (pad) Are you trying to freak oe? It won't work buddy! Ya.no€ getting anymore money out of erat ee Get outta here! FRANK backs out of the houge. EXT. FRANK’S HOUSE - NIGHT Looking down on FAIRWATER at 3em ... There’s not a lot happening. CRANE DOWN ... to reveal FRANK’S HOUSE perched high on a bluff above the town. In the moonlight we can make out little detail ... but it is obvious that the house is only half built. HEADLIGHTS approach up the winding road, and FRANK polls into his drive. He hops out of his car and goes to the back, opening the trunk SUDDENLY! ... A GHOULISH EMANATION rushes out of the truck! FRAKK leaps to one side ... ANOTHER EMARATION lurches out! . FRANK slams the trunk. The first apparition - STUART HARPER, staggers cover to 4 low wall and sits down clutching his stomach.
20) 0) text: FRANK angrily slams the door as he storms out of the Newspaper office. He marches across the road, causing a hearse to slam on the brakes ... the coffin slides around in the back! Various cars in the funeral entourage blast their horns at FRANK‘S reckless jaywalking. FRANK does a double take as he notices LUCY LYNSKEY sitting in the back of one of the ait. FRANK reaches the other side @ road ... he hears the sound of running feet: RAY SKEY is running down the sidewalk straight towar im! RAY is pale and frightened. - RAY runs straight through other pedestrians! He is transparent! Nobody seems aware of his presence. He approaches FRANK at breakneck speed. FRANK shies back, but too late... WHACK! .RAY thumps straight into FRANK and both men fall over. A COUPLE OF PASSERSBY help FRANK to his feet. RAY stays on the ground looking at FRANK with disbelief.
20) 1) dialog: (desperate) . Bannister????
20) 5) dialog: (desperate) Bannister ,.. You gotta help} They're going to bury ne! FRANK glances about ... He gestures for RAY to follow hin, ExT. ALLEY ~ DAY PRANK enters the alley off the main street. RAY hurries up to his.
20) 6) dialog: {panicked} Please! What's happening???
20) 8) dialog: Don't gay that! It‘s not possible ... I’m in the prime of life ... I work out everyday! Hy wife’s a Goddaan jockor ! FRANK doesn‘t buy into RAY’S ‘hysteria.
20) 10) dialog: What corridor? me
20) 12) dialog: I den‘t beleng on the ether side. Jesus, I’m only twenty-four ...
20) 14) dialog: & wae on the rowing machina ... I suddenly felt this vice-like grip Squeezing my heart ... I couldn’t breathe ... RAY holds up a trembling, translucent hand ... RAY (CONT’D) I've got the shakes ... I need gone vitamin B! FRANK shakes his head ...
20) 17) dialog: (squeaks ) Oh, Jesusi c& RAY bursts into tears.
22) 0) text: FRANK grabs RAY’S arm ...
23) 0) text: “RAY tumbles onte the ground ...
23) 1) dialog: Coowsl He scrambles up and runs through the cemeteryngates-
23) 6) text: Get back in your graves! SOUND of a ghostly machine-gun burst rings out, and The EMANATIONS quickly vanish below ground like frightened gophers as ghost bullets zip over their heads. HILES (CONT’D O.S) Bannister!!! FRANK pushes RAY towards his service ...
23) 19) dialog: It’s all true! He wouldn’t lie ... not at a time like this! The coffin starts ‘to descend. LUCY steps forward and tosses a flower into the coffin. Lucy (tearful) Goodbye Ray... RAY moves towards LUCY...
23) 20) dialog: Oh, Jesus ... wnat a waste! It’s a Goddamn tragedy! RAY reaches out to comfort LUCY ... He tumbles straight through her and falls into the grave! THUD! RAY passes straight through the coffin and lands at the bottom of the grave. He lies on hia back and screams as the black shape of the coffin descends over hin, vy FRANK reacts to RAY‘s screaming and pushes through the crowd, ~* ae INT. RAY‘S COFFIN - DAY RAY finds himself lying spravled on top of his ow dead body. He screams and site up, passing through the lid of the coffin.
24) 0) text: me . RAY emerges out of the top of the coffin. He calls out to
24) 2) dialog: Frank! FRANK -leans over the grave, trying not to attract undue attention. .
24) 9) dialog: {worrisd) Frank!! — FRANK glances at RAY ... the grave is being filled in ... dirt is piling up around his chest, but FRANK is poWerless to help under the SHERIFF’S gaze ...
24) 11) text: pay 33. (panicked) Prank!!! RAY is up to his neck in soil ...
24) 14) dialog: (screaming)
25) 0) text: TRACKING across 8 busy restaurant ... LUcy is sitting nervously at a corner table. She is glamourously attired and looks ravishing. She tenses up ... o FRANK enters the restaurant and waves taner. He mutters zcuething quietly as he approaches. yer stands. Hi... s 4 Locy Is Ray with you?
25) 3) dialog: Tell her she looks great!
25) 6) text: Shut up, Bannister! This is our anniversary. We come here every year. Lucy Is Ray beside re?
25) 8) dialog: This is why I didn’t take the corridor, Bannister ... FRANK'S attention is caught by a GROUP OF PEOPLE entering the restaurant ... amongst them is MAGDA RAVANSKI and the young journalist, STEVE BAYLISS. She gives FRANK and LUCY an icy look as she sails past their table. WAITER (0.8) ato How are you this evening? Woule you care for some wine? & The WAITER stands next to FRANK, Gdns.
25) 10) dialog: Red! We always have claret. LUCY smiles at FRANK. mei. Lucy I’d like a Chablis ... I’ve never been fond of red ...
25) 11) dialog: (annoyed) Lucy! Lucy Tell we ... why is it that you can gee Ray, and I can’t?
27) 0) text: RAY if bored and sullen. He sits watching LUCY and FRANK enjoying their meal ... Lucy (nervous) Mr Bannister ... I have an important question for Ray.
27) 2) dialog: Oh shit! ... I blew it on a bad investment ... but, hang on! Don‘t tell her that! 1711 think of something ... FRANK looks uncomfortable. Lucy looks Lucy looks
27) 4) dialog: Asshole!!! shocked. RAY . Tell her everything’s gonna be ok. Ifll look after her ... I’m moving back into the house! I don‘t think that’s & g80d idea. a \k: up. < ~
27) 5) dialog: Bannister! This has nothing to do with you! Lucy What is Ray saying? FRANK hesitates for a moment ...
27) 7) dialog: I swear to God, I/11 kill youl!!! f Lucy That’s just like Ray ... take the money and run... Lucy becones tearful. SS. Lucy (CONT'D) Ray and I haven‘t been honest with each other in a long time. It wasn’t a good marriage, Mr Bannister. I realise that now. RAY leans on the table, yelling into LUCY’S ear ...
27) 8) dialog: (yelling) Bitch!!! . Tears roll down LUCY’S cheeks ... FRANK touches her hand.
27) 10) dialog: (yelling) Den’t touch her! 1! RAY swings wildly at FRANK’S wine glass, sweeping it off the table, into FRANK'S lap! LUCY looks up as FRANK grabs a napkin ano rubs his trousers. \G 7 I‘m sorry ..-. FRANK ee FRANK swings his balled fist, connecting with RAY’S face. RAY staggers back, clutching his nose.
27) 11) dialog: Bastard! RAY beats a retreat towards the door. me RAY (CONT’D) (yelling) I can move shit, Bannister! You better watch your back! RAY storms out of the restaurant ... FRANK stands up, sniles at LUCY.
31) 0) text: JANET gestures to an ornate sealed coffin, bearing the features of a beautiful Egyptian Queen. It stands on a plinth in the middle of the gallery. me JANET (CONT’D) This is Queen Merytaten from the eighteenth dynasty - about fourteen hundred B.C. We have actually X-Rayed her ... JANET flicks a switch and a row of flures flicker on behind a glass screen, back iighting a full size X-Ray of Queen Merytatan. Her shriveled features are even more grotesque in X-Ray for. JANET (CONT’D) The dark area here is in fact the Quean’s viscera, carefully fackaged and returned te the body cavities. THE JUDGE looks at the X-Ray with dewy syes.
40) 0) text: LUCY ig showering. Steam fills the showerbox. Lucy rinses soap from her eyes .-... she suddenly freezes ... stares at the glass of the showerbox ... ~«. the letter "L" is drawn in the condensation by an invisible finger. LUCY backs away as the letters "U ... c ...¥" follow. Lucy oe (mMervous) NS Ray? we
41) 0) text: LUCY’S CAR speeds along a city street. INT. LUCY’S CAR - DAY Lucy is driving ... RAY suddenly looms up behind her ... he looks more decomposed than when we last saw him ... eqtoplasm runs down his face ... Lucy ig unaware of his presence. i)
41) 1) dialog: (self pitying) i Okay, it’s wy fault. I Reves up! But deep down, you know We have a great relationship, Honey. It’s just that lately ... I don’t feel you've been giving it one hundred percent! Lucy drives on, oblivious. cuT To:
43) 0) text: DR KAMINS, a widdle aged man with a kindly face, emerges from a omall walk-in freezer, carrying a tray of frozen test tubes. He carefully closes the door, and is surprised to see LUCY wandering into the room. f DR KAMINS Thought I told you to take a couple of weeks off.
43) 1) text: tocy 67. I’m fine... really! I wanna catch up on some paperwork. INT. LUCY‘’S OFFICE = BDAY Lucy is studying a report at her desk. RAY is pacing the room, getting more and nore agitated ...
43) 2) dialog: I just don't understand it! Is it the way I look? Is it this ectoplasm stuff? RAY wipes & goop of slimy ectoplasm off his face ... RAY (CONT’D) Does it turm you off? Honey ... Come on, honey - you're pot: listening to me. “Lucy! (yella) CA Lacy! You gotta listen! % RAY sweeps his arm across LUCY’S desk, sending her papers flying onto the floor. She sits back, startled.
43) 20) dialog: Lucy, hon ... You just can’t keep shutting me out! I still have a Ro. lot to offer ... Lucy strides up towards the entrance of the BARTLETT house ...
43) 21) dialog: Basically I’sz an open, flexible guy ... RAY, however, takes his first look at the house and skids to a terrified halt. RAY (CONT’D) (worried) Holy shit! RAY’S POV: The BARTLETT house is dripping with ghost blood! A globular, red luminous mass, oozing from cracks and windows over the entire front of the house ... like a huge weeping sore. RAY hangs back, too scared to follow LUCY.
47) 0) text: «-- into the hallway ... rushing up the stairs towards LUCY ... The POV seems to pass straight through her head and circles back around her. LUCY continues her tense descent down the stairs ... she doesn’t notice the wallpaper ripple, or tha walls flexing slightly. Only three steps to go ... The front door straight ahead ... SUDDENLY! RAY staggers in through the door, screaming! He has been slashed across his face, his body. Ectoplass drains out of the cuts, his life-force spilling onto the floor.
47) 2) text: (screaming) Run! Lucy, get out! RAY slumps in pain at the foot of the stairs, clutching the newel post ... LUCY has one step to go ... RUSHING POV: Down the stairs, straight at RAY ... He looks up and screams in terror! ANGLE ON: LUCY Alone and unaware, as she hurries across the hallway, quietly opens the front door and slips out.
48) 0) text: The shadows are growing long ... ANGLE ON: LUCY, from across the hood of her car, as reverses out of her park. THWACK!!! RAY’S hollow lifeless huag> lands violently on the hood. Like a slippery, empty wet suit, it slides off as the car swings towards the gates. RAY’S remains land on the axgind in PG as Lucy drives away. «
49) 13) text: at. : 32. THE REAPER sinks his teeth into CYRUS’S neck ... ectoplasm sprays frop the wound as CYRUS drops te his knees, screaming. FRANK looks {ntently at LUCY.