15) 24) text: I think I’m gonna throw up! STUART was in. his early twenties when he died. He has a slightly retten appearance and continually dribbles with ectoplasmic slime. We can see through him, although the degree of translucence is not always consistent ... STUART had a double degree in art history and theology. CYRUS is the other apparition. He is a black dude from the seventies ... White disco suit, built up heels and sideburns.
15) 27) text: well I'm sorry Fra ‘eh but we're not traveling anymore. It’s impa: ie to york under these we Nevrus We wanna Sede in style, man. STUART reaches into his pockets and angrily flings a pile of Frank's business cards onto the driveway.
15) 28) dialog: I quit! FRANK is not buying into any of this ... Rt.
15) 32) dialog: - Prank] I didn’t go to college to spend the rest of my life haunting people! FRANK closes the front door in STUART‘’S face ... The Emanation momentarily flattens against te door, then passes straight through it! nn w INT. FRANK'S HALLWAY - NIGHT e « STUART emerges into the hallway. J
15) 34) dialog: (worried) He’s not serious about the cemetery ... is he? cyYrRus 1 it, man. I’m gonna play se ome music!
15) 35) dialog: Oh, God! Not Isasec Hayes ... Anything but Isaac Heyes. CYRUS disappears through the wall, into the lounge. . cuT TO:
17) 2) text: INT. FRANK‘’S KITCHEN - HORNING FRANK storms into the kitchen ... He is confronted with the sight of. the JUDGE ... a tall elderly Emanation - a lawman from the last days of the nineteenth century. The JUDGE was embalmed, but it was a cheap job and hasn‘t stood the test of time. His dry mummified body is in an advanced state of decay ... He looks even worse without his jaw bone! The JUDGE is swivelling around, blazing away wildly with two rusty ghost Colts. FRANK flinches as ghost bullets pass through his body and the wall behind without leaving a mark. CYRUS and STUART peer warily out of framed paintings.
17) 4) dialog: For Godsake, Frank! I could’ve met. been killed! FRANK takes a flying leap at RUSTLER, bringing him down in a tackle. He tugs the ghostly jaw bone out of the DOG’S mouth.
26) 2) dialog: Subtle, but affective! CYRUS looks at the mummy with sassy bo Never thought crys ay Ges on someone more dacayed than the Judge!
31) 2) dialog: : (alarmed) Judge???
31) 4) dialog: (mortified) Oh God! STUART rushes towards the coffin, which is now rocking on it’s base ... JANET looks at the mummy with ala Po the CROWD turn ... the CURATOR whimpers ... They ffin CRASHES to the floor!!! \o Everybody rushes over to it &h
33) 3) text: Mr Bannister! The CURATOR takes FRANK by the forearm and steers hiz away from the crowd ... CURATOR (CONT’D) r (hushed) I... I... think we've broken some sort of taboo! STUART suddenly rises up behind the CURATOR’S shoulder. 47.
33) 4) dialog: Frank! The CURATOR, unaware of STUART‘S presence, continues unabsted, but now FRANK‘S attention. is on STUART. CURATOR (CORT‘D) (hushed) Please! You've got to help us!
33) 5) dialog: It's bad, Frank! Cyrus has been cut. FRANK looks across at CYRUS lying slumped against a glass cabinet. Ectoplasm ig staining his white disco suit.
33) 9) text: FRANK tears CYRUS’S disco jacket into strips and starts binding his chest ... STUART is pacing up and down in a state of near hysteria ...
33) 10) dialog: It’s not an Eranation! It’s some sort of Spirit ... a Dark Spirit.
33) 12) dialog: It’s a psycho, Frank! A bloody psycho! It could kill us all!
33) 14) dialog: (terrified) But ... But he’s @ = sythical figure, a pseudo religious icon from the twelfth century.
35) 10) dialog: (desperate) What do I do??? STUART’S arm ig suddenly caught by the blades of the cooling fan end he is sucked into the radiator! The radiator cap pops off and STUART'S distorted head squeezes out through the tiny hole ... pressurized steam blasts out around his neck. He’s shrieking louder than the stean! COPS react to billowing steam from engine. t cop Shitiil STUART suddenly disappears back into the engine ... LOUD CLANGING ... BANGING ... st. KER-THWAT!!! STUART is shot out of the exhaust pipe like a bullet! He tumbles along the road, before dizzily sitting up ... cop - DRIVER hops out and slams his fist against the steaming hood. .
49) 1) dialog: Prank! FRANK is sitting on his bunk holding his head in his hands.
49) 3) dialog: Prank??? x STUART waves his hand in front of FRANK’S eyes -... PRANK doesn’t react.
49) 5) dialog: - Forget it, Cyrus ... He doesn’t believa anymore. The two GHOSTS sre silent. INT. SHERIFF’S OFFICE/CORRIDOR ~ LATE AFTERNOON t MILTON DAMMERS stands silently outside FRANK’S door ..- peering in through 46 small window. DEPUTY 1 approaches ... i.
49) 11) dialog: (horrified) She's marked! FRANK looks up and sees CYRUS and STUART looking on, aghast.
49) 16) dialog: (worried) > He’s losing ectoplasn, reat AT THAT MOMENT ... THE REAPER’ scythe swings down, through the wall ... it comes down onto the top of STUART’S head, impaling him to the floor in a ghostly heap! THE REAPER steps into the room ... The sound of the door being unlocked ... FRANK watches helplessly as THE REAPER sveeps his hand down, scooping a ghostly light out of STUART’S crumpled chest ... he holds the light aloft, squeezing his fingers gnc the light showsra into the air ... dissolving to nothing. The cell door opens ...
78) 2) dialog: Just step back, Prank ... this isn’t going to be pleasant. AT THAT MOMENT ... The white corridor starts to transform eee pinky red tissue spreads and grows, jegged teeth protrude out of the flesh ... The corridor has suddenly becone the ingzide of a demonic carnivorous vorm, trappin JOHNNY and PATRICIA in it’s belly! They screde as the fleshy walls close in around thes, acidic digestive juices flowing over their bodiss, the stomach teeth starting to devour then! FRANK steps back startled, eas the tunnel south slam: shu eee be finds himself looking straight into the face of a huge blind worm! It breaks away, and wriggles down the turbulent night skies, towards the fires of belll ll0-
78) 4) dialog: Go hone, Prank. FRANK is confused ...
78) 6) dialog: It’s not your tine.