7) 13) text: It is dark inside as James walks around the huge living r He bumps into random pieces of furniture while he navigat his way around the crowded space in the shadows. He tosses the bags down in disgust as he searches for a l
7) 15) dialog: Thank you. Kristen’s high heels make their way over the tiled entry and onto the hardwood floors of the living room.
8) 2) text: James turns on the light in the parlor and the record pla starts up. There is a second of static and then the chord of an old country song slowly come up to speed. This hurt Kristen even more. James is caught off guard by these breaks from the silenc and he moves to shut down the record player, but he pause for a second and they both listen to the familiar song.
8) 4) dialog: Today. When you were with the girls. Mike came down with me this morning. You were gone a long time. His back is turned to her. He watches the record swivel around in circles.
9) 1) dialog: What is it? What do you need?
9) 3) dialog: I brought everything, all your stuff. It’s in the back. She looks up at him and this time he looks back at her.
9) 5) dialog: No.
9) 6) text: James turns back to the record player for a moment.
10) 1) dialog: Come on.
12) 0) text: When James opens the door, more of his preparation for th romantic evening is revealed. More rose petals cover the bed, and what seems like a million or more candles wait t lit around them. He flips on the bathroom light and grabs another champagn bottle from near the bed. As he crosses back towards the door, he slowly brushes past Kristen. For a second, they stand close to each other, then he moves to the door.
12) 1) dialog: You can have this room. I’11 get set up out there. I don’t know about the tub. I put roses in there too. We didn’t know if they can go in first. Kristen almost wants to laugh, but she doesn’t.
12) 3) dialog: Come here. Let me get this. 8. He reaches over and touches her back, unzipping her dress her. She pulls it off with the ease of someone who has undressed in front of a person hundreds of times before.
12) 5) dialog: I’1l turn the heater on.
12) 7) dialog: It’s alright. He walks away.
14) 0) text: James walks outside holding the champagne bottle. After a few seconds, he pops the cork and takes a long drink and sets the bottle down on the sidewalk near the door In the quiet distance, the sound of knocking floats in th air past the trees. The noise is faint but it stands out the empty country road. He walks over to his car and opens the trunk, grabbing a pack and a bag of ice. On the way back, he sings one of the songs from the recor and kicks the champagne into the grass on his way to the door. The bubbly liquid drizzles out into the ground. The knocking has stopped. It is silent once again.
14) 1) text: The record has played through and now the static pops as reminder it needs to be turned over. James lifts the need off and places it on the stand. The house is quiet. He can hear the clinking of the wind chimes that hang on back porch just beyond the windows.
15) 0) text: James walks over to the dining room and flips off the overhead light. In the darkness he grabs a book of matche lighting the candles he had set out before. He picks up t ring and sits down at the head of the table. He holds a carton of ice cream and a spoon. Alone in his tuxedo he sits, eating the ice cream straight from the box.
18) 2) dialog: Do you want to make a toast? 10.
18) 4) dialog: I put your clothes in there. In the dresser by the door.
18) 6) dialog: You are pretty. She pulls her still damp hair up. Holding it with a rubbe band from around her wrist. James stares down at the ice cream. The light from the candles dances across his face. She takes a long drink from the bottle and sits it down.
18) 8) dialog: It doesn’t feel like that.
18) 10) dialog: What do we do now? Where do we go from here?
18) 12) dialog: You should.
18) 14) dialog: You can smoke if you want.
18) 16) dialog: I don’t care. He won’t after this. She lights one and James gets up and grabs a saucer from kitchen. He slides it over to her side of the table.
18) 18) dialog: You should take it. I can’t keep it. I can’t take it back.
18) 20) dialog: no, I can’t.
18) 22) dialog: Jesus.
18) 24) dialog: This is so embarrassing.
19) 1) dialog: I honestly was gonna ask before your mom died. That’s funny somehow . He flips through the records he had laid out from the lar collection. After a few seconds, he puts on his selection and from th speakers comes a song they both obliviously know. Kristen gets up and both of them stand close to each othe His hand slowly comes around behind her, starting on her and moving up her back. They seem awkward at first. The tension between them still hangs in the air, but gradually it begins to fade.
20) 0) text: The song does not seem right to dance to. It is too slow, folk country song, but as her small arms wrap around his they begin to move slowly in a circle. It is dark where they stand, between the rooms. Her bare feet rest slightly on top of his shiny rented shoes. 13. Eventually, they move in place, rocking back and forth without turning. James and Kristen stop dancing all together and instead j hug as the song comes to a stop. For a few seconds, the o sound comes from the rustling of their clothes; his hands sliding down her dress, her small hands coming up his bac then squeezing his neck. Another slow song follows and without any effort at all James pulls Kristen up on his hips and slides her onto th table. Her dress rises up over her thighs as she unbuckle his pants. They have not kissed. His face is buried inside her neck. Then, they both pause for a brief second before she moans lightly and one of her legs dangles to the side. He leans her back further against the table. One of the unused place settings slides over against the candle. Outside, the wind chimes rattle softly against each other
21) 0) text: A loud knock on the front door echoes through the house. The sound snaps the couple out of their trance and James breaks their embrace. He quickly buttons his pants as Kristen pushes herself off the table, pulling her dress d over her thighs. James tosses her underwear behind the couch. They both take a second to calm their rapid breathing. Ja pulls his shirt all the way out and straightens his jacke while Kristen uncomfortably searches for somewhere to loo James laughs to himself to break the tension that hangs between them.
21) 1) dialog: Who is that?
22) 1) dialog: It’s like three in the morning. 14.
22) 4) dialog: It’s cold.
22) 6) dialog: Hey.
22) 8) dialog: No, no. Wrong house.
22) 10) dialog: Yeah. I’m sorry. She shifts her attention to Kristen briefly.
22) 13) dialog: Are you lost? 15.
22) 16) dialog: People get lost out here. Should I go get her?
22) 18) dialog: Where’d she go? The street is empty.
23) 2) dialog: I’1l go get some more. 16.
23) 4) dialog: I know, but I need to get out of here.
23) 6) dialog: No you won't.
23) 8) dialog: It’s okay. I really need to drive for a while. Are you gonna be alright here?
23) 10) dialog: Let me light you a fire. He pulls some dusty wood from a stand near the couch. It takes a second, the fireplace door jams and he pulls it o roughly. JAMES (cont’d) I was thinking, when you were taking a bath. I want you to take the car back tomorrow. This is awkward enough as it is. Kristen nods her head, watching him work. JAMES (cont’d) A road trip might kill us both. I’1l fly back. We’re not gonna decide anything on I-35, you know?
23) 12) dialog: Yeah. 17. They both watch as the fire builds, eventually grabbing h of the old wood. JAMES (cont’d) I'll be back. If you want we can talk more...or not. He walks towards the front door as the wood cracks in the heat. He does not look back at her as he speaks. JAMES (cont’d) I love you. Okay?
23) 14) dialog: I’m really sorry. He leans against the door frame to the hallway, his keys rattling in his hand.
23) 16) dialog: No. You know he’s gonna be pissed at you. He hates this kinda shit. He motions to the room, scooping up a pile of rose petals near the door. Then, he leaves her.
25) 0) text: Kristen moves over to the record player. She scans throug the albums James had picked out and then to the others, finding a different selection. She places it on the turntable and drops the needle. Afte few seconds, a voice comes from the speakers and she head into the kitchen.
26) 0) text: She stumbles a little from the champagne then steadies herself on the counter. Her hands dig into the sink, fish through the ice that James had grabbed earlier from the c until she finds a beer She twists open the bottle and leans against the counter absently tossing away the cap. A knock comes again from the front door. She pauses, listening past the record. Two more knocks, then a third. She puts down her beer and walks towards the entry way.
28) 0) text: Kristen pauses before taking a pull from her beer, holdin just beneath her lips. She does not react strongly, her shoulders tighten, but it is barely noticeable. After a f seconds, Kristen’s face relaxes and she takes a sip of be She walks over to her bags in the living room and digs through all of them, searching. With a momentary smile, she finds what she is looking for cigarette pack with one remaining. She walks back over to the dining room table and uses one of James’ matches. There is a break between songs and she can hear the wind chimes outside the back window blowing in the breeze. 20.
33) 0) text: Under a pile of rose petals on the night stand, she finds cordless phone. She picks it up and gets a dial tone. She gets up on the to reach the windows above it. She pulls back the curtain slightly with one hand, as the other dials the phone quic She calls James as she studies the front yard.
41) 0) text: Kristen opens the large wooden door, but before she walks out, she stops and looks into the blackness of the surrounding area. It is eerily calm outside. James is sti not home. The empty street is completely deserted. 26. She is confused. She hides behind the door, looking over shoulder, back towards the living room, and then forward again to the outside. She hears a slight movement from the yard but when she lo out she sees nothing. She thrusts the door forward but then pushes it open agai she tries to get away from the voice of the record player behind her. She stares out into the darkness, her eyes trying to see into the night.
43) 0) text: She runs into the room and collapses near the night stand trying to force herself under the bed. She turns back searching the hallway behind her for movement. Then she pushes her body against the bed. James’ candles fall on top of her from the night stand. Outside, she hears screaming, it sounds like someone is b murdered outside the window, and then it is silent.
43) 3) dialog: Kristen!
45) 0) text: James comes out holding the broken top of the champagne bottle and a plastic sack from the store. He sees Kristen the ground and the bottle falls from his hands. The back door swings open through the curtain. The noise causes hi to turn and look. He focuses back on Kristen, confused by her appearance.
45) 1) dialog: What are you... 29.
45) 3) dialog: What are you talking ab... Kristen crawls over to him, grabbing desperately onto his jacket. He sees the blood on her hands and on the floor a suddenly, his eyes are as wide as hers.
45) 5) dialog: Baby.
45) 7) dialog: Kristen. James has to pick her up, unsure as to what direction she wants to go.
46) 0) text: They rush into the bedroom and James sits her on the bed. picks up the lamp and sets it on the table.
46) 1) dialog: What happened?
46) 3) dialog: It’s okay. Stop. Stop! How do you know there’s somebody out there?
46) 5) dialog: It’s probably kids. You saw that girl. She couldn’t have been more than 15.
46) 7) dialog: You saw him?
46) 9) dialog: Wait... Kristen freezes, James’ body tightens.
46) 11) dialog: Be quiet. I see one. A girl. She’s out there by the fence. You can see her outline. Look. Outside, at the far end of the yard, a girl stands next t the fence. It is too dark outside to see her face. Kristen rises from the bed and stands next to James at th window. JAMES (cont’d) What is she doing?
46) 13) dialog: She’s just standing there. She knows I can see her.
46) 15) dialog: She looks like a ghost.
46) 17) dialog: Maybe I should go and talk with them?
46) 19) dialog: Jesus, calm down. They want something. James reaches inside his pocket. Something is missing.
46) 21) dialog: I left my phone in the car.
46) 23) dialog: Calm down. You see what you’re doing? Stop. I didn’t know. I’m gonna go out there and get it.
46) 25) dialog: Come on. This is fucking crazy. He walks to the window. 32.
46) 27) dialog: She’s gone.
46) 29) dialog: Stay here. She nods.
46) 31) dialog: In a second.
47) 0) text: The front door creeks, sticking slightly on its hinges be James pulls it open. For a second, he pauses, looking aro the empty yard. Outside it is quiet, but a slow rumble fills the air. James slowly walks out onto the porch and then pulls the closed behind him. Kristen’s face grows smaller and small behind the crack until it is gone. He can hear the door lock behind him.
48) 0) text: James’ feet splash gently in the puddle left from the champagne bottle and they leave a trail behind him as he walks onto the grass in front of the house. 33. His car sits a few feet away. The windows are broken out the tires are slashed, but the engine purrs. The car is running. James’ keys jangle loosely beside him, his ignition key s in his hand.
48) 1) dialog: What?(Whispers) James takes a few steps further out into the yard. He circles in the grass, checking all around him. The knife extended out in his hand as he points it in all direction once. He walks closer to the car. The engine grows louder as he inches towards it. The headlights shine out onto the wood fence beside the house. It is hard to see inside. James crouches to his knees as approaches, staring inside what is left of the side windo The car is empty. He reaches inside the broken window, feeling around for t ignition. The car is hot wired. He hears laughter from the darkness.
48) 3) dialog: What do you want?
48) 5) dialog: Get the fuck away from here. In the darkness he can hear laughter again. It is another woman’s voice, somewhere behind him. James searches aroun trying to find the source of the sound. 34. He turns back to where the woman stood, but she is gone. can hear footsteps in the grass around him, and then it i silent. The car hums.
49) 0) text: Kristen peeks her head out the door. She sees James.
49) 2) dialog: Go back inside.
49) 4) dialog: Go back inside!
49) 6) dialog: Kristen, go. I’m gonna find my phone. She reluctantly closes the door. James stares at the porc
49) 8) dialog: Kristen! Only the sound of the engine. He steps out of the car and leans down, honking the horn.
50) 1) dialog: Let me see you! Nothing. James holds the knife up in he air like a trophy JAMES (cont’d) What do you want? The car idles. James looks down the long road towards the highway. It is least a mile. James walks across the yard towards the front porch. This time the door is unlocked. 36.
50) 3) dialog: Kristen!
51) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
51) 4) dialog: I want you to get your things. Put your shoes on. Kristen lowers her eyes. She stares out to the dining roo It is quiet. The candles flicker.
51) 6) dialog: What? But, you called me?
51) 8) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
51) 10) dialog: Where’s your phone. 37.
51) 12) dialog: Are you fucking kidding me? He reaches over her ripping the needle off the record. JAMES (cont’d) We have to get out of here!
51) 14) dialog: The car works. Outside, the horn honks and the couple both freeze, stari towards the wall.
51) 16) dialog: I don’t give a good goddamn what they want.
52) 0) text: James walks over and checks the back door behind him. His hands are shaking. He stares down to them while his back turned to Kristen.
52) 1) dialog: Let’s just go. She nods her head.
53) 0) text: The door opens and in an instant the honking stops. James and Kristen run out towards the car, James swinging the k in all directions in the darkness. Silence. 38.
54) 0) text: James reaches the driver’s side and Kristen the passenger He throws the car in reverse and instantly the car lunges backwards, slowly moving towards the road. Kristen search in each direction, looking for signs of the strangers. Th metal rims squeal on the concrete driveway. Then, she sees the headlights on the road.
54) 2) dialog: Fucking thank God. He opens his door, but then Kristen sees it. She grips Ja shoulder and he turns and sees the Man in the Mask standi in the headlights a few feet in front of them. The car is suddenly dark and when Kristen turns around, s can see the driver. She can see another mask
54) 4) dialog: What? James reacts just as the pickup truck slams into their re The car is thrust forward, back to its original spot and Kristen and James throw open their doors and run towards house. 39.
55) 0) text: Neither the Man in the Mask, nor the driver react. But as James enters the house he can hear the horn of the blue s ring out in the night.
56) 0) text: Kristen collapses on the ground near their luggage. James falls against the wall. Neither speak, they are out of breath. Kristen slides to the plastic bag James brought from the store. She pulls a cigarette from the bag and gets up, moving back into the dinning room, to light it off the candle. Her hands are shaking, blood drips on the table cloth, but she does not notice.
57) 0) text: James abruptly pulls a napkin from one of the place setti and the silverware slams against the plates he had laid o He grabs her hand softly and wipes away the blood before wrapping the napkin around her wound.
57) 2) dialog: Ssh. This not your fault. Don’t think about it. For the next few minutes, there is no action, and for a while, there are no screams, but outside the car keeps honking. Then, it is silent.
58) 0) text: James walks over to the kitchen, bringing back a jug of w from the refrigerator. He pours a glass for Kristen, but drinks from the gallon himself.
58) 1) dialog: Before, I saw one of them...near the highway. When I was going to get cigarettes, I saw one. 40. Not the gi ES Ge oh, She was under one of the street lights as I passed her. It wasn’t the first girl. She was taller. She had a Halloween mask on. Something like a Pin Up girl.
58) 3) dialog: She was just on the road. I didn’t even really see her, you know. She waved at me.
59) 2) dialog: They’re everywhere out there. I could hear them laughing. James says this to himself more than to Kristen. They bot sit staring at the walls of the house, listening.
59) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
59) 6) dialog: No it doesn’t. Look at me. Not tonight. Look at me. Don’t think about why, okay. They’re bad. If they come through this door again, all I will be thinking about is how to get them the fuck out. They’re not like you.
59) 8) dialog: You don’t need a reason to be afraid. They won’t give us a reason if they get inside. James puts the bottle between his feet and stands up. At first, it seems like he is on a mission but then he trail off stopping a few feet from the entry way.
59) 10) dialog: It’s my phone.
59) 12) dialog: They were in here again.
60) 0) text: They walk side by side down the hallway. Kristen softly t at James. He looks up at her
60) 1) dialog: It’s alright. He squeezes her hand.
61) 0) text: They enter the room again. Moving along the sides of the wall, as far out of the light as possible. James flips of the ceiling light and they crouch down listening.
61) 2) dialog: No one’s out here after the fall. The whole street is dead. Most people don’t even come out here anymore. Outside, they can hear the leaves crunching under the strangers’ feet, but they do not speak. Then, just silenc James steals quick glances over the window ledge. JAMES (cont’d) I don’t see them.
62) 0) text: James leads Kristen into the hall. He peeks into the livi room. Nothing has changed. Kristen opens the door to another bedroom and calls out t James in a whisper. 43.
62) 2) dialog: Close the door. He kneels down in the hallway. She closes the door and le down over him. He wraps his arm around her thigh.
62) 4) dialog: I haven’t heard a dog bark. Ora car pass. They honked the horn for at least a couple of minutes. Nothing. Not since we’ve been here. It’s just us and them. She sits down close beside him. James does not let go of leg. They sit in silence listening to the quiet house. JAMES (cont’d) How’s your hand? She remembers her cuts and distractedly squeezes her home bandage.
62) 6) dialog: We should get up.
63) 0) text: James walks back and forth between two rooms. His hands a full of fast-food bags and drinks. He stops himself from knocking on one of the doors. Unsure, he pauses, then presses his ear against the door. He backs away, surveyin the two choices again. Then, he knocks on both. Kristen opens the door.
63) 1) dialog: I couldn’t remember which was ours.
65) 0) text: James takes out the hamburgers and pours the french fries top of the bags. The room is dark as the shades block out the bright sunlight from outside. Warm light mixes with t cool of the television. James opens the closet and pulls out the rental bag for h tuxedo. He takes his shirt off and walks over to the bathroom.
66) 1) dialog: Are you okay? He calls through the door.
67) 0) text: James walks over to the dresser, pulling open one of the drawers. He shoots a quick glance at the bathroom door again. His hands feel inside before Kristen can walk thro the door. When she walks out, he is already on the bed.
67) 2) dialog: Yeah.
69) 0) text: James stands up and walks over to the window, peeking thr a crack.
69) 1) dialog: Can I open them?
69) 3) dialog: It’s just that it is dark in here.
69) 5) dialog: Time to get up.
69) 7) dialog: We gotta.
69) 9) dialog: Good enough to eat. Kristen walks away and James slaps her on the ass.
71) 0) text: James makes his way to the dresser again. He opens the drawer and pulls out a small ring case, shov it in his pocket. Kristen walks in as he straightens the bed.
71) 2) dialog: Yeah.
71) 4) dialog: Don’t toy with me woman. He turns off the TV, then switches it back on. JAMES (cont’d) I want to rent this sometime.
72) 0) text: They walk down the empty hallway. Kristen grabs James’ ha
73) 0) text: James touches the side of Kristen’s face but she remains still. His hand moves across her face, her lips, and eventually her breathing changes and she takes a deep gen gasp. Her eyes flicker for a few seconds until she opens them.
73) 1) dialog: Baby. Kristen nods, still out of it. They both stare towards the ceiling. Neither one speaks n looks in the others’ direction. Kristen reaches over and tugs at James’ hand. He rolls hi head over and they lock eyes. For a moment, they seem to communicate without words. JAMES (cont’d) Let’s do it quick.
73) 3) dialog: I have to go too. 48. They get up slowly, the weight of their bodies causing lo shifts on the hard wood floors. They crawl towards one of the open doorways. Kristen enters first, James follows, the knife sliding on the ground in front of him.
74) 0) text: Kristen does not bother to turn the light on as she approaches the toilet. James sits by the door, guarding i as Kristen finishes. She kneels down by the sink. James does not rush her
74) 1) dialog: I should have asked you a long time ago. It shouldn’t have taken this long. KRISTEN. It doesn’t matter.
74) 2) dialog: It matters to me. If I hadn’t...1 was scared. I liked your Mom.
74) 4) dialog: You should have told me.
74) 6) dialog: I wish you would have told me. He watches her bare feet slide across the tile. Her toe nails blood red against the smooth white ground. Kristen stares up at the light on the ceiling. The faucet drips once, then again. A spider has made a web above the
74) 8) dialog: What? What do you mean? 49.
74) 10) dialog: What are you saying?
74) 12) dialog: I don’t know what to say.
75) 0) text: On the roof above them, they hear a footstep. At first, i almost sounds like thunder, but then as the second and th rattle the ceiling, the sound becomes clear to them both. Kristen joins James in standing, as they both gape at the ceiling. Their eyes follow the footsteps as someone walks across the top of the house.
75) 2) dialog: It could be one. I don’t know. Maybe two. A loud pounding begins to rumble on the roof. James ducks his head without thinking. It seems right above them. JAMES (cont’d) What do they want us to do?
75) 4) dialog: It’1l be bright outside soon.
75) 6) dialog: We could go for the car? Try and make it down the road. It might be our only chance.
75) 8) dialog: Then we’re going to die in here. Or there. Or maybe they’1l go away. Or maybe they won’t. But this way we have a chance to get out. Above them the footsteps rain down like a hail storm. JAMES (cont’d) We have to try. Can you run?
75) 10) dialog: We just have to go. Whatever happens, listen to me, just go. She nods her head and they walk into the living room.
75) 12) dialog: I don’t know if they’re out there.
75) 14) dialog: Yeah?
75) 16) dialog: I’m just gonna throw the door open. Then, you run. She stares at the ceiling. James turns the knob of the do JAMES (cont’d) Kristen! She snaps out of her trance and looks towards the door. JAMES (cont’d) Are you ready?
75) 18) dialog: We have to go.
75) 20) dialog: Maybe we can make it. She stares past him to the front door, almost looking pas it.
75) 22) dialog: No.
75) 24) dialog: He bought those things. Those heads. They came with the house. 53.
75) 26) dialog: Not since I was a boy.
75) 28) dialog: Fuck, maybe he does. As James looks around at the walls, his tone changes. JAMES (cont’d) Holy shit, we could fucking shoot’em.
75) 30) dialog: Let’s go to the bedroom. I think he hid it in the bedroom. They both move towards the back bedrooms. James picks the knife up from ground by the front door and casts a few glances over his shoulder as he follows Kristen out of th room.
77) 0) text: Broken glass cracks under the weight of James’ rented sho as he brushes away the shards so that Kristen can walk inside. James opens the folding doors of the closet. Kristen stop him with her hand, motioning around the room.
77) 2) text: He tugs at the cord inside the walk-in closet and the han bulb comes to life. James digs through the clothes, pushing back boxes until finds what he is searching for. He pulls the gun out from behind the clothes and shows it to Kristen like a prize.
77) 3) dialog: It’s still here. He was gonna sell it. Kristen nods, moving over to the door of the room and loo down the hall. James goes back to digging in the bottom of the closet, carelessly knocking things over.
78) 0) text: It is silent inside the house. Kristen looks down the hallway at the overturned chair lying on the ground. The fire alarm still resting beside it. A loud slam rocks the ceiling and she almost lets out a scream, but she catches herself, covering her mouth with hand. She runs back inside the room and finds James on hi knees looking through shoe boxes.
78) 2) dialog: What was it? 55.
78) 4) dialog: He used to hide the bullets. We always had to find them. Finally, a pink box made for women’s shoes rattles in Jam hand. He drops the top and pulls out a pile of remaining shells He slides the gun into his lap and tries to load it, but cannot open the barrel.
78) 6) dialog: I’ve never used this. I haven't even seen a gun in 5 years. There is no sound from the roof above. James sits on his knees holding the shotgun in his lap. Kristen stands behi him. Her hand resting on his shoulder. JAMES (cont’d) I don’t know how to use this.
78) 8) dialog: I didn’t. It was just something I said. My dad hated hunting...killing things. I mean, I knew my way around when I used to go camping. He squeezes the handle in his hands. JAMES (cont’d) My friends in college... It was just something I said. I just said I could, when we would talk.
78) 10) dialog: If I fire a shot, maybe they’1l just go away. 56. James stands up, but his legs seem weak at first until he leans on the wall.
78) 12) dialog: It’s a gun.
78) 14) dialog: It’s a gun.
78) 16) dialog: Nothing. Nothing. I’m just tired. They walk out, moving towards the living room, the shells still in James’ hand.
78) 19) dialog: I know! Gimmie a second. Wait The first strike against the door sounds like little more than a knock. James and Kristen slam against the wall. Staring at the door. The second blow sends a small piece of wood the size of a roll of quarters past them onto the hard wood floor where rattles against the couch. With the third crash, James grabs Kristen by the shoulder and moves her away from the entry way and the front door. 57.
78) 21) dialog: We have to find something. We have to block the door.
78) 23) dialog: Kristen!
79) 1) dialog: Push as hard as you can. A side table near their bags gets knocked over and James picks it up in one motion and tosses it over the couch. I crashes down through the glass table, but neither one see to notice. JAMES (cont’d) Keep going! The piano scrapes against the wall as the ax slices into front door. JAMES (cont’d) We have to get block it!
80) 0) text: James returns to the living room, almost knocking Kristen down as he grabs an arm chair and throws it towards the e way hall. Again, the piano moans, but this time no sound follows. Kristen watches the hole in the front door, searching for ghostly smile. James continues to grab random objects, tossing them past her towards the door He picks up the gun and slaps it like a child, trying to it to work. Kristen moves in close beside him but he does not notice her. He is in a trance like state, his eyes never leaving the door She pulls the gun out of his hands and searches for a swi anything that might make the gun accessible. Finally, with the flip of a knob, the barrel opens and Kristen clumsily shoves two of the shells into the weapon James turns to her and pulls the gun back into his own ha He is shaking and Kristen retreats, shocked at his behavi
80) 2) dialog: No he’s not.
80) 4) dialog: This is real. This is real.
80) 6) dialog: Don’t call me that! For a second his attention comes back to her.
80) 8) dialog: Fuck this. He turns and yells towards the door. JAMES (cont’d) Fuck you!
81) 0) text: James walks around in the dark and begins preparing. With loud crash, he tosses a book shelf over and the ground is suddenly covered in books, broken picture frames and trophies. Kristen climbs over the pile using James’ arm as a guide they both crouch down behind it. He slides the barrel of gun back and forth along the shelf until finally resting to aim directly at the door 60. James has grown quiet. He seems distanced as he stares behind the barrel of the gun.
81) 2) dialog: I won’t die here. We’1ll sit here till the fucking cops come, or whatever. But I won’t fucking die. A grandfather clock sits in the darkness, just beyond the light shining in from the hallway. The sound of ticking overshadows their nervous breathing as they wait for something to happen. James opens the barrel, dropping in a shell and loading another one and closes it. He opens and closes it again just double checking.
83) 0) text: James lies on his stomach, his eyes focused on the doorwa front of him. Kristen lies beside him staring at the wall in darkness. only sound is the grandfather clock ticking in the corner 61.
84) 0) text: The old man is about three houses down when he sees the battered four-door in the parking lot of the house. At first, it is too far to see clearly, but it has caught hi attention. When he gets to the same street light where the woman had stood, he can hear the car running. He stands under the light staring at the strange sight. In the shadows next to the house, a white mask hovers nea the windows. The old man does not see it as he approaches the house slowly. The putter is quiet now, the soft sound blending with the footsteps as he crosses the yard. When he reaches the porch he can still see the footsteps James had left earlier in the grass. He gazes at the car a few seconds and then reaches over and pushes the doorbe He curiously investigates the damage on the wood in front him. He stands waiting for a response, but after a few seconds walks around the side of the house to the car and the bri head lights. In the bright lights he pauses in front of the hood, the engine still humming. He walks towards the fence and opens it with a slight tug entering the back yard. The back door is open and he walks in without hesitating. In the field, another mask is watching.
86) 0) text: James tightens as they listen to the sound of the putter slapping against the ground. Kristen squeezes the leg of James’ pants.
87) 0) text: The old man walks past the spot on the floor where James Kristen were a few minutes ago and then passes the bathro He fades deeper and deeper into darkness as he moves to t bedrooms and the sound of the putter echoes louder and lo until finally, silence. The sound of a grandfather clock tics in the darkness as stares into an open door.
88) 0) text: Kristen lies on her side, her head pressed tight against overturned bookshelf. She holds her ringing ears as she stares at James’ hand still squeezing the trigger. Neither one of them moves. James stares forward at the fe that lay on the floor. The wall behind the body seems wet, like it just rained a dark liquid.
88) 1) dialog: I hit someone. He says this almost in a whisper. JAMES (cont’d) Kristen, I shot somebody. She looks up at him from the ground. JAMES (cont’d) Do you hear me? 63.
88) 3) dialog: I shot the man.
88) 5) dialog: I think he’s dead. James rolls over, leaving the gun against the bookshelf. lies back next to Kristen, trembling. James coughs, almost gagging. He can’t seem to stop. The clock ticks on the wall beside them.
88) 7) dialog: I fuckin’ shot him.
88) 9) dialog: I hit him in the face. He walked right into it. Right where I was aiming. He just walked into...
88) 11) dialog: What? He is still. His eyes are closed.
88) 13) dialog: Just shut up. She rolls over and stares at the feet of the man. The gol club lies beside his legs. 64.
88) 15) dialog: Be quiet. James opens his eyes and stares at the wall. The room is quiet; the ticking clock the only sound. The room suddenly fills with noise as the clock strikes 5 the morning. James and Kristen both jump at the sound. James reaches for the gun on impulse and then they both j listen as the bells clamor five times. Then, they stop and just the ticking echoes through the r again. JAMES (cont’d) I shot him.
88) 17) dialog: He didn’t wear one. He leans up and turns facing the man. JAMES (cont’d) He didn’t have a mask.
88) 19) dialog: Just shut up. His tone is cruel. Kristen crawls towards him. Her hand touching the back of his shoulder. He pushes her away without even looking her direction. Instead, his eyes are focused on the body underneath him. The old man’s hand grips the unseen phone, inches away fr James’ leg. Kristen starts to cry behind him.
88) 21) dialog: It’s not him.
88) 23) dialog: Give me the gun.
88) 25) dialog: Give me the gun!
88) 27) dialog: I remember him. I’ve seen him before. Do you understand? Do you!? 66. He presses his weight against Kristen. She is crying, screaming. James cries as well.
88) 29) dialog: I killed a man.
88) 31) dialog: I pulled the trigger.
88) 33) dialog: What do you want to say? There is nothing. I did it, they made me. Oh, fuck! I might go to jail. Kristen reaches over to him.
88) 35) dialog: There’s no one here. I killed an old man. No one else. He lived on this street! She tries to grab him, hug him. JAMES (cont’d) Don’t touch me. TI shouldn’t be touched. He pulls away from her and stands up. She follows him wip her runny nose. 67.
89) 0) text: There is a nervous energy building as they approach the dining room. The candles on the tables are now half melte James runs his fingers through the flames over and over He walks towards the curtains.
89) 1) dialog: I have to find them.
89) 3) dialog: I don’t know what to do. They’re out there, fucking laughing. Goddamn it.
89) 5) dialog: I want you to hide. I don’t want to argue. James reaches into the curtain and opens the door, then h pushes the gun barrel into the night sky. He fires a shot out the door. The force shoves him back a bit, but he hol his position. His frustration builds as he attempts to open the gun and reload. Again, he slaps at the metal. JAMES (cont’d) Goddammit ! The barrel suddenly complies and clicks open. James slide two shells in and snaps the gun closed. He pulls back the curtain and sees the window of the door clearly this time. He stumbles back, running into the dining room table and rolls off it onto the ground. The gun crashes to the floor. Kristen screams as James pi up the gun and swings it towards the back door. 68. Written in lipstick, on the window pane is:
89) 7) dialog: Just go and hide. He pulls the corner of the curtain aside and peeks out ag
89) 9) dialog: Let go. Do it!
89) 11) dialog: There’s a barn outside. Do you see it? There’s a barn. We used to have a 4 wheeler. Maybe it’s still out there. If I’m not back...just go there if I don’t come back He pulls away from her and she falls to the ground. He ya the door open through the curtain and runs outside. Krist follows him but stops on the porch.
90) 0) text: She watches James run away from her and into the black ni His feet are like bricks as he crosses the damp grass carrying the heavy gun. With each step away from the hous he falls further into darkness. He swings the barrel in every direction at once as he searches the shadows around him. 69. Only his feet on the grass give any perspective to where is. He turns back, looking at the house, to where Kristen stands on the porch staring out at him. Then, he turns the corner of the partial fence that separ the backyard from the acres surrounding the house, and disappears.
91) 0) text: Kristen does not go any further. It is cold outside and she shivers as she struggles to se any sign of James or the strangers. Her body dances from side to side, the concrete cold against her feet. The wind chimes blow harder than ever before in the night breeze. Off the side of the house, a ragged American flag swings the darkness. It rattles against its cheap aluminium pole trying to escape. Kristen’s eyes are drawn to it. Then sh looks towards the black field in front of her. She can hear James’ footsteps from behind the fence, she tries to whisper to him, but after a couple of tries, she just listens. She hears a footstep on the roof and retreats, but her fo catches the edge of the doorway. She stumbles slightly, grabbing the curtain for support as she falls inside.
92) 0) text: The curtains near the balcony blow in the gentle breeze passing through the open window. A security light outside casts a green glow throughout the back of the room that slightly touches the edge to the bed. James is asleep. His back faces Kristen, who stares at th ceiling above her.
92) 2) dialog: Yeah.
92) 4) dialog: Yeah. Yes. Are you okay? He can hear her hands moving around the night stand. A gl bumps into the base of the lamp. His keys slide across th wood, falling onto the carpet below. Kristen lights a cigarette. James turns over on his back and they both stare up at th ceiling. JAMES (cont’d) What time is it?
92) 7) dialog: You should sleep.
92) 9) dialog: What was your dream about? 71.
92) 11) dialog: We should get you a dreamcatcher. Something to protect you.
92) 13) dialog: I don’t know. I can’t remember. Hippies keep them. James takes a drink of his water, then reaches and grabs cigarette from the ashtray she has rested on her chest.
92) 15) dialog: I’m not. He takes a drag.
92) 17) dialog: You’re the only influence. But it’s fine. Just with you. That’s the only time I smoke anymore. She takes the cigarette back gently and takes a drag, exhaling slowly.
92) 19) dialog: That’s why I like hotels. At night, you walk around the halls and you can feel the world around you sleeping. Nobody moves. 72.
93) 0) text: James and Kristen walk down the long hallway. James wears just his pants and carries the ice bucket loosely in his hand. Kristen wears a robe and has her hair pulled up on of her head.
93) 2) dialog: Just think about the bed. It’s warm in the bed.
93) 4) dialog: I’m thirsty. I need ice. We could be sleeping. They reach the ice machine. The silence is broken by the sound of ice knocking against the bottom of the bucket. T rumble of the machine fills the quiet halls around them. Kristen gets a candy bar from the machine while she waits
93) 6) dialog: Shut up. Quit talking about my girlfriend. James’ tone is not sympathetic. It is more annoyed.
93) 8) dialog: Oh my god. Please. Shut up. I’m not going to argue with you at 5:30 in the morning. I won’t do it.
93) 10) dialog: You’re fucking beautiful. 73. They walk back towards their room. She clomps along next him, wearing his oversized shoes.
94) 0) text: James sits on the floor near the window. Kristen eats her candy bar in the bed.
94) 2) dialog: I will. I just wanna see the sun. It’s about to come up over there. I haven’t seen a sunrise since college. Kristen grabs a cigarette. James watches the flame flicke as she lights it in the darkness. They both are content t sit for a moment, to wait for the sun. Kristen watches the smoke rise above her and filter out t balcony door.
94) 4) dialog: I will. Just a second. James gazes at the light growing brighter on the horizon. JAMES (cont’d) Are you happy?
94) 6) dialog: That’s not enough.
94) 8) dialog: I’1l help you.
94) 10) dialog: I will.
94) 12) dialog: I love you. Kristen is silent.
95) 0) text: From where Kristen sits, next to the doorway, she can see outline of the barn through the curtain. A small light shines on the side of the tin building. She turns back to the living room. The hole in the front door whistles in the wind. Her hands reach across the table behind her until she gra hold of the cigarettes and James’ matches. She lights one and breathes deeply, letting her smoke blow out onto the porch in front of her. A cat sits a hundred feet away from her in the yard. She watches its glassy eyes stare back at her. It is calm, bu its ears rotate around, taking in the little noises of th outdoors. On the roof, Kristen hears the familiar pounding of footsteps, but her eyes never leave the cat. She unconsciously swivels the ring around her finger. A scream from a woman is heard from the direction James r earlier. 75.
96) 0) text: The cat takes off for the fields and Kristen runs out aft James. Her cigarette drops to the concrete as her bare fe slap across the pavement and then disappear in the tall grass. She cannot see James, but in the distance, she can make o the shadow of the barn at the end of the property. She ca hear someone behind the fence as she approaches. Then, sh hears a man’s voice that is not like James’. She turns fo the barn. he house grows smaller behind her as she pushes closer to he tin building. The sound of footsteps suddenly appear rom the side of her as she runs. risten turns around and sees the outline of someone backl y the porch as they are fast approaching her. he turns around and her feet catch on a hole in the earth he slams into the ground. nn OX acto
97) 0) text: Kristen inches away from the light and away from the path that leads to the house. The brush is high and her body disappears into the thorns and weeds. She sees James for a moment as he leaves the porch headin back into the yard. He is limping and he seems disoriente but he still holds the gun. He calls out into the night a
97) 1) dialog: Kristen! She tries to scream but no words form. Just over the high grass, a hundred yards away, she can see the Pin Up Girl searching near the trees. She lowers her head, trying to hide. James does not see the light reflecting off the white mas it seemingly floats in the blackness. Kristen is frozen. He runs back into the house and after a few moments, he emerges with a red gas can in one hand and the gun in the other. Without a glance in Kristen’s direction, he kicks open the gate and moves towards the blue Saturn. 82.
98) 1) dialog: You know what I did! All of you! He opens the car door and searches for matches. JAMES (cont’d) Just leave us alone!
99) 0) text: Kristen tries to crawl towards him but her eyes continue fall back to the Pin Up Girl. The stranger’s body becomes more visible as she walks slowly towards the house. Krist can see the reflection of the blade in her hand as the kn hits the light. The Pin Up Girl sees James through the gate. She is movin towards him.
100) 0) text: James finds a Bic lighter and scrapes it over and over wi his thumb, trying to produce a flame. He moves to the tru and then suddenly the lighter strikes. He is shaky as he holds it against the blue metallic pain but after his second attempt the gasoline catches and the body of the car is devoured by orange and gold.
101) 0) text: Kristen spots the Man in the Mask as he appears from the shadows near the opposite side of the house. She scans th darkness, searching for another stranger somewhere around her. Just out of her view, Strawberry watches her. Pin Up Girl and the Man walk slowly and cautiously toward each other as they move nearer to James. They speak to ea other in a whisper that Kristen cannot make out across th yard. 83. Soon, they connect near the porch, both heading for James he watches the car burn. He is in his own world.
105) 1) dialog: Kristen! She can hear James’ screams coming from outside. She roll over, pushing her head out the door. JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd) Kristen! She searches the backyard for a sign of him but he is now to be found. JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd) Are you okay? 85. She tries to yell, but her voice does not come out. Her e show her fear. She cannot find his voice. JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd) Tell me where you are! Somewhere around the corner, the flag pole rattles as the cloth twists in the wind. She backpedals, forcing the door closed. The blood from h legs stains the wood and the curtains. Her head whips aro the room as she tries to see if someone is inside with he She forces herself to her feet, hobbling to the wall of t dining room until she finds the switch that controls the overhead light. She turns it on. Her hands slam against the table and she pulls herself to candles. They are almost gone and she blows each one out. She searches the walls where there were once shadows. Satisfied, she slides her body off the table and crawls towards the living room. The silver spoon slides onto the hardwood floor. She listens to it rattle and when it stop she pulls her body forward again.
109) 0) text: Rose petals still rest at the bottom of the tub as she ma her way into the bathroom. Her high heels lie near the toilet. For a few seconds she rests on the bathroom mat. Outside, she hears James scream.
110) 0) text: Kristen crawls on top of the bed and looks outside the window, but she cannot see James anywhere. She now holds knife, pressing the metal blade pressed against the windo She holds it in such a way as to display it for all those outside to see. She turns around, sitting on the bed. The light from the bathroom casts a soft glow that catches in her eyes as th lock upon the door and the darkened hall outside it. Her bloody hand squeezes the knife as her knees tap the bedpost over and over in a nervous twitch. In a quiet voi she sings.
116) 0) text: He moves back over to the dining room table, where he sit down in the place James occupied an hour ago. He holds th old man’s hat in his hand. He pulls off his mask and sets it down next to the case f her ring. Sweat drips off his face. He is about the same age as James. He is tired, exhausted by the physical exertion of the night’s events. He lights a cigarette from her pack and leans back in the chair. The smoke rises above him in the moonlight. After a few seconds, he slides over the soggy carton of i cream from the table and opens the top. Cherry flavored cream drips into his beard as he eats the half melted dessert. He closes the lid, setting the spoon on top of the box an places it back in the center of the table. His eyes conti to rest on the ice cream as he softly sings.
118) 0) text: The back door opens through the curtains and James stumbl inside. He is badly beaten, his face already swollen arou the eyes and mouth. Kristen yanks herself up but quickly sees that he is not alone. 92. The Man in the Mask and the Pin Up Girl walk in behind hi The man holds the gun, shoving it into James’ back
119) 5) dialog: Kristen! Kristen yells out towards him. She forms no words, just a cry, but she lets it out at the top of her lungs. She is frozen by his calls. JAMES (0.S.) (cont'd) Kristen! Finally, she moves towards the blaring music. She whisper to herself to build up confidence, her mouth moving over over but it makes no sound. Tears stream down her cheeks.
121) 0) text: The table has been overturned and James is seated in the middle of room, tied to a chair. Beside him is an empty seat, and the man and the Pin Up Girl lift her into it. The music is incredibly loud now, making it impossible to hear anything else. Strawberry ties Kristen’s body to the chair using rusted baling wire. Then, she wires her hands together tightly i front of her while the Man in the Mask whispers in James’ ear. Kristen twists her wrists, but finds that only causes the wire to dig in deeper, cutting into her skin. James is crying. His pale face contorts with the understanding of the words coming from the plastic mouth. whispers back, begging and shaking his head. Neither he nor Kristen scream anymore. The Pinup Girl begins opening the curtains around the roo It is almost dawn and the sky behind the barn is beginnin grow pink.
122) 0) text: The strangers take their time, turning off every light in the house one by one. The room is dark at first, but over the next few minutes, a warmth begins to grab the walls. The three of them stand in front of James and Kristen watching them cry. When the record is over, the house grows quiet. Pin Up go to change it and James and Kristen sit in silence. Their knees are almost touching and he slides his leg ove grazing her bruised and bloody skin with his own. He can see her ring and she knows.
123) 0) text: Kristen leans against the door of the car for support. Sh holds the ring in front of her. Tears form in her eyes. The sound of James’ rental shoes against the gravel seems echo throughout the empty cars that surround them. James stares at his hands nervously, he has not seen her face.
123) 1) dialog: I thought you would like this one. I know how much you liked it when we saw it. At that store, you remember.
123) 3) dialog: What?
123) 5) dialog: Oh. A car alarm goes off in the parking lot a few spaces down The group cannot seem to work their clicker. 98. ONE OF THE GROOMSMEN passes the couple as he makes his wa towards his friends. He stops and smiles at both of them. For a second, it seems as if he plans to stay. He hands James his glass of wine after he begins to feel awkwardness. James does not take his eyes off Kristen as she looks uncomfortably at the commotion around them.
123) 8) dialog: (Whispering) I know.
124) 0) text: The sun peeks over the barn. It is hard for James to see because of the glare from the window. The man picks up his mask and the others’. The women star at Kristen’s dress as it turns red in front of them.
126) 0) text: They slowly take off their clothes until they each stand their underwear before the couple. They put their clothes a trash bag that the Pin Up Girl found under the sink. Strawberry hands out clean clothes from a bag she brings the door. James and Kristen are still alive.
129) 0) text: James collapses onto the ground and Kristen does the same They seem like dolls. Their limbs disjointed like mannequins. Their arms and legs grow limp as the life dra from their bodies. James is barely breathing under the weight of his body. 100. The three strangers walk out of the house one at a time. one looks back at James and Kristen and soon, the house i still. Kristen slides her hand across the floor until it rests o James' back. Her hand moves up underneath his clothes unt she touches his skin. She grabs his gaze as she watches h eyes begin to falter. James breathes slower and slower until finally, he stops.
130) 0) text: Kristen stares out along the hardwood floor listening to song spinning on the record player. She is no longer cryi The music fades and the record player hums, waiting for t next song. Kristen’s eyes glass over. For a moment, her breathing is the only sound in the room. The next song begins. Her hands slides down next to James body, one finger still reaching towards him. The wind chimes rattle against each other in the morning breeze. Then, the phone rings. Kristen does not react at first but on the second ring, i like her eyes come alive again. She begins to move toward the sound. The zipper on the back of her dress scratches the floor a she begins to push herself along the ground on her back. is slow at first. By the third ring, it seems like she ha barely moved at all. Her hands scratch at the floor as she forces her body ove Her arms, her entire body, are now covered in blood. Kristen struggles into the living room and by the fourth ring, the old man is within her sight. The ringing comes from him. Beside her the Smiley face rests, having fallen from the strangers’ bag. She loses her balance, and her wrist gives way. Her face slams against the hardwood floor. The dull thud of her he colliding against the wood is sickening, but Kristen continues. 101. She grabs the old man-her hands searching over his bloody body. The damage James has done to him begins to cover he as Kristen’s hands caress every inch of his body. Finally she hears the ring once again. The phone is on the ground inches away from her face. Her hand reaches out just as the last ring escapes the sm handheld piece of plastic. She forces herself on top of t his remains, stretching her body out to grab the phone be it stops ringing. She slides it to her ear, but there is no one there.