8) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. The sarcasm hangs in the air from both their voices as Ja finally gets a lamp on. Kristen watches James’ movements as he walks around flipp on switches with disgust. Her face reacts to what she see being illuminated in front of her. Each pool of light reveals more of the surprise James had planned for her th night. There are two place settings surrounded by candles on the dining room table. A bottle of champagne chills in an ice bucket. Many bright flower petals are scattered across th couch. With each flick of a switch, James attempts to remain emotionless, but his hands tremble as he works. Kristen reaches for support, accidentally leaning back against the piano keys. An abrupt burst of sound from the piano causes her to jump. Without trying to restrain herself, tears flow down her wine stained face.
8) 2) text: James turns on the light in the parlor and the record pla starts up. There is a second of static and then the chord of an old country song slowly come up to speed. This hurt Kristen even more. James is caught off guard by these breaks from the silenc and he moves to shut down the record player, but he pause for a second and they both listen to the familiar song.
8) 3) dialog: When did you do all this?
9) 0) text: Kristen bends down and begins digging through one of her bags. She cannot find what she is looking for. Her movements are rushed, her hands violent.
9) 2) dialog: I wanna take a bath. Where are my things?
9) 4) dialog: I’m sorry. I just thought you forgot them.
12) 0) text: When James opens the door, more of his preparation for th romantic evening is revealed. More rose petals cover the bed, and what seems like a million or more candles wait t lit around them. He flips on the bathroom light and grabs another champagn bottle from near the bed. As he crosses back towards the door, he slowly brushes past Kristen. For a second, they stand close to each other, then he moves to the door.
12) 2) dialog: I don’t know, either. He goes to leave, but turns back.
12) 4) dialog: Thank you. He leaves her standing near the doorway.
12) 6) dialog: It’s okay. I know you hate it when it’s hot.
13) 0) text: Kristen runs a bath, sitting on the edge of the tub while takes off her jewelry. The water is rusty, and she watche it mix with the red rose petals for a few seconds before becomes clear.
16) 0) text: Kristen stands in front of the mirror looking at her face Her eyes are red and puffy. A layer of mascara surrounds them. She drops the towel and slowly places the dress bac on. This time, she zips it herself.
17) 0) text: Kristen walks out into the living room.
17) 1) dialog: James? She sees him and walks in, grabbing the second bottle of champagne.
18) 1) dialog: It’s nice.
18) 3) dialog: No. The cork pops over the table. The excess pouring onto the dress she has put back on.
18) 5) dialog: I wanted to wear this. I only get to wear it tonight. It makes me feel pretty.
18) 7) dialog: You didn’t do anything. You didn’t do anything wrong.
18) 9) dialog: I don’t know what you want me to say.
18) 11) dialog: I don’t know.
18) 13) dialog: Why? 11. Kristen scans the room tapping the cigarettes she holds i her hand against her knee. James takes a bite of ice crea as his eyes watch the pack move up and down on her skin.
18) 15) dialog: Your dad won’t get mad?
18) 17) dialog: I love you, okay? He starts to speak, but catches himself. They both take a second. James puts the spoon on the tabl He pushes the ring over to her. KRISTEN (cont’d) I don’t want it.
18) 19) dialog: Yes you can...
18) 21) dialog: Oh... The rings sits on the table between them. KRISTEN (cont’d) I didn’t want this. That’s all I’m saying. I was happy two hours ago. James closes the lid of the ice cream, leaving it on the table. He picks up the ring again. For a moment, they jus watch each other. James stares at her wavering eyes. 12. He opens the case and looks down at the ring. Then, he pu it back on the table and stands up. Kristen reaches out a grabs his hands as he walks past her towards the record player. She lets his hands slip through hers as he moves away from her.
18) 23) dialog: I’m sorry.
18) 25) dialog: I’m sorry!
20) 0) text: The song does not seem right to dance to. It is too slow, folk country song, but as her small arms wrap around his they begin to move slowly in a circle. It is dark where they stand, between the rooms. Her bare feet rest slightly on top of his shiny rented shoes. 13. Eventually, they move in place, rocking back and forth without turning. James and Kristen stop dancing all together and instead j hug as the song comes to a stop. For a few seconds, the o sound comes from the rustling of their clothes; his hands sliding down her dress, her small hands coming up his bac then squeezing his neck. Another slow song follows and without any effort at all James pulls Kristen up on his hips and slides her onto th table. Her dress rises up over her thighs as she unbuckle his pants. They have not kissed. His face is buried inside her neck. Then, they both pause for a brief second before she moans lightly and one of her legs dangles to the side. He leans her back further against the table. One of the unused place settings slides over against the candle. Outside, the wind chimes rattle softly against each other
21) 0) text: A loud knock on the front door echoes through the house. The sound snaps the couple out of their trance and James breaks their embrace. He quickly buttons his pants as Kristen pushes herself off the table, pulling her dress d over her thighs. James tosses her underwear behind the couch. They both take a second to calm their rapid breathing. Ja pulls his shirt all the way out and straightens his jacke while Kristen uncomfortably searches for somewhere to loo James laughs to himself to break the tension that hangs between them.
22) 0) text: He walks into the light of the living room and Kristen follows him.
22) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Be careful.
22) 12) dialog: Yeah? Kristen laughs uncomfortably. KRISTEN (cont’d) Sorry, thank you.
22) 15) dialog: That was weird.
22) 17) dialog: She said she was fine. She didn’t seem scared or worried or anything.
22) 19) dialog: I can still hear her steps on the road. Listen. She’s fine. James shuts the door slowly, still looking out towards th road.
23) 0) text: The moment is lost from before and as they return to the living room, both seem confused as to what to do now. Kristen gradually moves back to the dining room to grab h cigarettes. She looks down at the empty pack sitting on the table.
23) 1) dialog: I’m out of cigarettes. James walks in behind her. He stares at the records.
23) 3) dialog: That’s not what I meant. You don’t have to.
23) 5) dialog: It’s okay. I’1l just go to sleep.
23) 7) dialog: I’ll try.
23) 9) dialog: Yeah...Yeah it’s fine. Thank you. He grabs his keys off the table, but pauses for moment.
23) 11) dialog: Are you sure?
23) 13) dialog: I love you, too.
23) 15) dialog: Did you talk to Mike?
25) 0) text: Kristen moves over to the record player. She scans throug the albums James had picked out and then to the others, finding a different selection. She places it on the turntable and drops the needle. Afte few seconds, a voice comes from the speakers and she head into the kitchen.
26) 2) dialog: Hello?
26) 4) dialog: What?
26) 6) dialog: You already came by here. 19.
26) 8) dialog: Yes. Are you’re okay? Silence. KRISTEN (cont’d) Hello? Nothing. KRISTEN (cont’d) Are you still out there? Are you lost? She presses her ear against the wood. She can barely make out light footsteps as they walk away from the porch, mov from the concrete onto the grass. She waits until they are completely gone and turns to wal back into the living room.
28) 0) text: Kristen pauses before taking a pull from her beer, holdin just beneath her lips. She does not react strongly, her shoulders tighten, but it is barely noticeable. After a f seconds, Kristen’s face relaxes and she takes a sip of be She walks over to her bags in the living room and digs through all of them, searching. With a momentary smile, she finds what she is looking for cigarette pack with one remaining. She walks back over to the dining room table and uses one of James’ matches. There is a break between songs and she can hear the wind chimes outside the back window blowing in the breeze. 20.
29) 0) text: She moves over to the couch and sits down, blowing a clou smoke into the air. She takes another drag and watches the smoke pour over he face before realizing that there is way too much in the r for one cigarette. The vent is closed on the fireplace. Kristen tries to open the vent, but it is jammed. It is h for her to grab leverage in her dress as she has to climb on the firewood in her bare feet to get high enough to dr the handle. Just as she succeeds, the smoke alarm in the entry hall g off, producing an ear splitting ring that almost causes h to fall. She races to find a chair to reach the buzzing bomb on th ceiling. Her fingertips are just barely able to hit the button, but the sound continues. Finally, she pulls it of the wall and removes the battery. As she steps off the chair, again, she hears a knock from door. She turns and scans the room behind her, her eyes f on the back door. Again she hears a knock.
30) 0) text: Kristen sits down on the chair in front of the entry way, listening. She can hear a hand sliding up and down the wooden door. She rests on the chair, her knees rocking the four legs b and forth on the hard wood floors. After a couple more knocks on the door, it stops, and then nothing. The record is finished. The only sound comes from her rocking back and forth as t hardwood floors creak beneath her. Outside, the wind chimes tap against each other near the windows. Kristen stands up and digs through her bags by the door eventually finding her cell phone. She pushes the power button and it immediately beeps and shuts back off again. 21.
30) 1) dialog: Fuck. She pushes the power button again; a beep, then it turns itself off. After trying unsuccessfully to get it to work she unzips bags and dumps most of their contents onto the ground bel her. She digs through the folded skirts, her bras and underwear until she finds it. Her cell phone charger Slamming it into the outlet on the wall near the fireplac Kristen frantically plugs in her phone, then moves for th kitchen.
32) 0) text: Kristen walks back into the living room, past the dead sm alarm lying on the floor next to the wooden chair and goe into the bedroom. She stops and stares at the dark doorwa
33) 1) dialog: Where are you? She climbs down from the bed and heads out of the room, peeking down the hall. All is quiet. KRISTEN (cont’d) It’s nothing. It’s just weird. That girl came back. Tamara? 22.
35) 1) dialog: She just kept knocking. I heard her voice. No, I didn’t open the door. ‘Cause I didn’t want to. Outside, the wind chimes strike softly together in the breeze. As she listens to the other line she stares at th windows. KRISTEN (cont’d) How much longer till you get back? No, I’m fine. It’s just weird. I’m charging it right now. Okay. Just come back soon. Okay. Bye. James...? She sets the phone down on the table. The house is still. Kristen’s breath is the loudest thing in the room. The candles flicker on the table as she stands in silence
36) 0) text: Kristen walks back into the kitchen and grabs another bee For more than a minute, she stands with her back to the window, leaning against the counter and nursing her beer. She slides her bare feet back and forth across the tile f as she drinks. 23.
37) 0) text: Kristen is oblivious to his presence. Then, he is gone ou the front door. It closes with a loud thud breaking Krist of her trance.
37) 1) dialog: James? There is only silence. She looks around the kitchen. Quietly, she begins opening drawers one by one until she finds the utensils. She pulls out a butcher knife half th size of her frail arm and turns around to face the empty room.
38) 0) text: Kristen walks over to the candlelit table and picks up th phone. Lifting it to her ear, we hear the familiar beep o the cordless and then nothing. She laughs to herself and again the beep sounds.
38) 1) dialog: Hello? She dials the numbers. KRISTEN (cont’d) Hello? Hello? Nothing. She quietly sets the phone down near her ashtray and the remainder of James’ melting ice cream. 24. Again, she hears a knocking on the door. Her head whips i the direction of the noise. She picks up the phone and tr it again. It is dead.
39) 0) text: Kristen walks to the living room and this time, as she pa the chair, she looks down at the alarm resting in the mid of the seat. The knock on the door does not register on her face. Fora few seconds, she just stares at the piece of plastic that took from the ceiling and placed on the floor Without looking up, she moves towards the wall where only minutes ago she had plugged in her phone. The outlet is empty. The phone is gone. Kristen backs away from the wall, then dives towards it, feeling for the phone behind her bag and in the scattered clothes that lay on top of it.
39) 1) dialog: This isn’t happening. Out of the pile she pulls out a pair of running shoes. Sh moves over by the fire and starts to untie the laces, but keeps her eyes locked on the chair and beyond it to the d Silence. Outside, she can hear the wind chimes softly bump togethe against the wind. The fireplace crackles behind her back. Two knocks on the door. The cordless phone slips off the couch and, with a loud bang, hits the floor. Kristen’s ey dart back and forth between the phone and the door in fro of her. She whispers to herself. KRISTEN (cont’d) Oh my god. She grips the knife in her hand. The blade shines in the light from the fire. Her feet remain bare. The wind chimes strike again, but this time they are much louder; a crash of medal rods slamming together and then silence. Then, gradually they begin to clang together aga 25. Kristen’s eyes wander throughout the house behind her and into the dining room. Eventually, they rest on the curtai over the window to the wind chimes.
41) 0) text: Kristen opens the large wooden door, but before she walks out, she stops and looks into the blackness of the surrounding area. It is eerily calm outside. James is sti not home. The empty street is completely deserted. 26. She is confused. She hides behind the door, looking over shoulder, back towards the living room, and then forward again to the outside. She hears a slight movement from the yard but when she lo out she sees nothing. She thrusts the door forward but then pushes it open agai she tries to get away from the voice of the record player behind her. She stares out into the darkness, her eyes trying to see into the night.
41) 1) dialog: Hello? Nothing.
42) 1) text: She runs towards the living room, then to the parlor stop in front of the record player, knocking the needle off th record. The house grows quiet. 27. She runs to the window, swinging the knife around towards empty room, the windows, and the door. She waits. Suddenly, there is a knock on the door and Kristen scream Without thinking, she breaks for the back hallway and the bedrooms.
43) 4) dialog: Jimmy! Jimmy! Come here!
45) 0) text: James comes out holding the broken top of the champagne bottle and a plastic sack from the store. He sees Kristen the ground and the bottle falls from his hands. The back door swings open through the curtain. The noise causes hi to turn and look. He focuses back on Kristen, confused by her appearance.
45) 2) dialog: . There is someone out there.
45) 4) dialog: ...Shut up! Shut up! Come on. She pulls him toward the bedroom, trying to get him to fo her. He turns and goes with her, taking the knife from he bleeding hand. She sees the back door open and screams.
45) 6) dialog: They’re in here!
46) 2) dialog: I don’t know. The girl. She wouldn’t stop knocking. There’s somebody out there. I don’t know what happened. He leans down to her, wiping away the blood from her dres She pushes past him and slams the door. She tries to lock it, and then grabs a chair and attempts to lodge it in th handle. The chair is too small. KRISTEN (cont’d) They might be in the house. Help me. 30.
46) 4) dialog: I saw them! James stands up and walks towards the window. He looks outside the curtains but sees nothing.
46) 6) dialog: It was aman. I saw aman. At the window.
46) 8) dialog: He was wearing a mask.
46) 10) dialog: What is it?!
46) 12) dialog: She’s watching us. 31. Kristen walks away. She lays back on the bed. James stays at the window, staring out.
46) 14) dialog: James. You can’t see the mask. She’s wearing a goddamn mask.
46) 16) dialog: Don’t be stupid. This is real. I’m not scared of fucking ghosts.
46) 18) dialog: They don’t want to talk.
46) 20) dialog: What is it?
46) 22) dialog: Oh god.
46) 24) dialog: No.
46) 26) dialog: Where’s she at? He scans back and forth, searching everywhere in his sigh line. KRISTEN (cont’d) Where is she at?
46) 30) dialog: Gimmie the knife back. He goes to hand it to her, but stops.
47) 0) text: The front door creeks, sticking slightly on its hinges be James pulls it open. For a second, he pauses, looking aro the empty yard. Outside it is quiet, but a slow rumble fills the air. James slowly walks out onto the porch and then pulls the closed behind him. Kristen’s face grows smaller and small behind the crack until it is gone. He can hear the door lock behind him.
49) 0) text: Kristen peeks her head out the door. She sees James.
49) 1) dialog: James?
49) 3) dialog: Oh my god, James what happened?
51) 0) text: Kristen sits next to the record player, her knees pulled to her chest.
51) 1) dialog: James.
51) 3) dialog: I wanted to hear music. Baby, I’m so scared. James drops the knife to his side, relaxing.
51) 5) dialog: They cut the phone lines.
51) 7) dialog: They cut the phones after.
51) 9) dialog: It just happened. All of it.
51) 11) dialog: They took it.
51) 13) dialog: We can’t go.
51) 15) dialog: That’s what they want. Do you hear that? They’re waiting.
52) 0) text: James walks over and checks the back door behind him. His hands are shaking. He stares down to them while his back turned to Kristen.
53) 0) text: The door opens and in an instant the honking stops. James and Kristen run out towards the car, James swinging the k in all directions in the darkness. Silence. 38.
54) 0) text: James reaches the driver’s side and Kristen the passenger He throws the car in reverse and instantly the car lunges backwards, slowly moving towards the road. Kristen search in each direction, looking for signs of the strangers. Th metal rims squeal on the concrete driveway. Then, she sees the headlights on the road.
54) 1) dialog: James. Look. An old pickup truck speeds towards them as James continue try and force the car backwards. KRISTEN (cont’d) James. Honk the horn, get their attention. He sounds out the horn into the night again as the truck closer and closer to the house. It slows to a stop in front of the driveway, then turns towards them. The back windshield, still unbroken, suddenly fills with light and James throws the car in park.
54) 3) dialog: Get out of the car.
56) 0) text: Kristen collapses on the ground near their luggage. James falls against the wall. Neither speak, they are out of breath. Kristen slides to the plastic bag James brought from the store. She pulls a cigarette from the bag and gets up, moving back into the dinning room, to light it off the candle. Her hands are shaking, blood drips on the table cloth, but she does not notice.
57) 1) dialog: She wouldn’t stop knocking! I should have left, I could have warned you.
58) 0) text: James walks over to the kitchen, bringing back a jug of w from the refrigerator. He pours a glass for Kristen, but drinks from the gallon himself.
58) 2) dialog: That was the one driving the truck.
59) 0) text: Kristen stares at the water in the glass as she thinks ab what he has said. A thick haze of smoke rises above their heads.
59) 1) dialog: They’re wearing masks. They sit in silence, the situation sinking in.
59) 3) dialog: What do they want? Why are they doing this to us? James looks out towards the windows. He does not hear her even though she is right in front of him. KRISTEN (cont’d) James? Jimmy?
59) 5) dialog: Yes it does. He turns back to her. His eyes piercing her face. 41.
59) 7) dialog: That’s not good enough. That’s not a reason.
59) 9) dialog: What time is it? James does not respond. He stares at the couch. KRISTEN (cont’d) What times is it? James? He looks at the back door again. He switches off the two lamps, then walks over to the par and the room goes dark KRISTEN (cont‘d) What?
59) 11) dialog: Where? James walks over to the couch and picks it up. The batter is missing. He turns to Kristen.
59) 13) dialog: What are we going to do? 42. Kristen stands up, searching all around her. He does not answer her.
60) 0) text: They walk side by side down the hallway. Kristen softly t at James. He looks up at her
61) 1) dialog: We could climb out. Maybe the neighbors?
61) 3) dialog: Let’s check the other rooms.
62) 0) text: James leads Kristen into the hall. He peeks into the livi room. Nothing has changed. Kristen opens the door to another bedroom and calls out t James in a whisper. 43.
62) 1) dialog: I think I saw one. James they’re watching us. They’re out there.
62) 3) dialog: What is it?
62) 5) dialog: It hurts.
62) 7) dialog: Okay. Neither one of them moves. KRISTEN (cont’d) Wait. Just for a second. Just sit here. Please. She puts her head on James’ shoulder and closes her eyes. James rests his head back on the wall behind them, lettin out a long, slow breath. The wind picks up outside. It blows the wind chimes outsi the windows. 44. After a little while, Kristen’s breath grows deeper as sh rests besides James. James stares forward listening to th house.
63) 0) text: James walks back and forth between two rooms. His hands a full of fast-food bags and drinks. He stops himself from knocking on one of the doors. Unsure, he pauses, then presses his ear against the door. He backs away, surveyin the two choices again. Then, he knocks on both. Kristen opens the door.
63) 2) dialog: You’re a retard. She takes the drinks from him.
64) 0) text: Kristen’s painted toes twist on the bathroom mat as she g to the bathroom. The sink fills with water beside her. Sh stares into the large mirror beside her. She looks beautiful. Her high-heels rest on the ground in front of her.
66) 0) text: Kristen stands in front of the mirror touching up her mak 45.
66) 2) dialog: Yeah. Just a second.
67) 0) text: James walks over to the dresser, pulling open one of the drawers. He shoots a quick glance at the bathroom door again. His hands feel inside before Kristen can walk thro the door. When she walks out, he is already on the bed.
67) 1) dialog: Were you waiting?
67) 3) dialog: Thanks. You didn’t have to. They sit down in front of the TV on the edge of the bed. Kristen puts on a robe she brings from the closet.
69) 2) dialog: Yeah.
69) 4) dialog: It’s okay. I don’t care. 46. The room fills with bright, almost overwhelming, light. Kristen lays back on the bed. Reaching for her cigarettes James changes clothes as they listen to the advertisement for PAY PER VIEW. Kristen watches him as he stands in the mirror, slowly turning himself into a gentleman.
69) 6) dialog: I don’t wanna. She pouts like a little girl.
69) 8) dialog: Fine. She stands up next to him in front of the mirror and drop her robe.
71) 0) text: James makes his way to the dresser again. He opens the drawer and pulls out a small ring case, shov it in his pocket. Kristen walks in as he straightens the bed.
71) 1) dialog: Are you ready, Freddie?
71) 3) dialog: Last chance to stay and get naked? 47.
71) 5) dialog: Sure. They both look at the mirror one last time. Then James tu and faces her. She straightens his tie.
72) 0) text: They walk down the empty hallway. Kristen grabs James’ ha
73) 0) text: James touches the side of Kristen’s face but she remains still. His hand moves across her face, her lips, and eventually her breathing changes and she takes a deep gen gasp. Her eyes flicker for a few seconds until she opens them.
73) 2) dialog: I’m sorry.
74) 0) text: Kristen does not bother to turn the light on as she approaches the toilet. James sits by the door, guarding i as Kristen finishes. She kneels down by the sink. James does not rush her
74) 3) dialog: Why did you have to wait? I wanted...I needed you to ask me.
74) 5) dialog: James?
74) 7) dialog: I’m lying.
74) 9) dialog: James, I can’t. I don’t want to talk about this now. James does not move. He does not say a word. The silence hangs above them. Eventually, Kristen speaks again. Kristen’s KRISTEN (cont’d) It was too late. Even then. I didn’t think about it until now. I didn’t think about it. But I know it was.
74) 11) dialog: That day when my mom...when she died. My dad called, remember. It was a Saturday. We were going to lunch. He called and I went into the bedroom and he told me. I remember falling to my knees and the way the weight felt against my bare skin. It burned. I was kneeling on the ground holding the phone in my right hand and looking at my knees. hand floats in the hair beside her face. KRISTEN (cont’d) But for a minute I didn’t call for you. She clears her throat. James is still. KRISTEN (cont’d) My dad was talking, telling me about a plane ticket. I can remember the sound of his voice, but not the words. You know? Just his voice. I just stared down at my knee. You came in after a few more seconds and when you put your arms around me it felt good. But I didn’t need it the way I thought I would. I didn’t call for you. The way I thought should. 50. James stares down the hallway. Then he locks eyes with Kristen.
74) 13) dialog: Neither do I.
75) 0) text: On the roof above them, they hear a footstep. At first, i almost sounds like thunder, but then as the second and th rattle the ceiling, the sound becomes clear to them both. Kristen joins James in standing, as they both gape at the ceiling. Their eyes follow the footsteps as someone walks across the top of the house.
75) 1) dialog: How many are up there?
75) 3) dialog: James, I don’t want to wait for them to come through that door. I’m scared.
75) 5) dialog: No, it won’t. We have at least an hour. They know that.
75) 7) dialog: What if it’s not? 51.
75) 9) dialog: I can make it.
75) 13) dialog: We should try. James’ hand rests on the door handle. With a gentle nudge the door clicks closed. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James?
75) 15) dialog: They’ve stopped moving up there. She looks towards the ceiling. The house is eerily quiet. 52.
75) 17) dialog: No.
75) 19) dialog: Give me a second. Just wait. Her eyes wander around the house. She moves back towards living room and searches the walls. KRISTEN (cont’d) They want us to come this way. They know we’ll try.
75) 21) dialog: Does your father have a gun?
75) 23) dialog: He has to, he, he kills things. She motions to the deer mounted on the wall in the living room.
75) 25) dialog: He has to. She stares at the dead animals.
75) 27) dialog: Where’d he keep it? James walks past her into the living room.
75) 29) dialog: Think. Again, footsteps pound above them and they both look up a the ceiling.
77) 0) text: Broken glass cracks under the weight of James’ rented sho as he brushes away the shards so that Kristen can walk inside. James opens the folding doors of the closet. Kristen stop him with her hand, motioning around the room.
77) 1) dialog: Listen. They’re talking about us. I bet they can see us through the windows.
77) 2) text: He tugs at the cord inside the walk-in closet and the han bulb comes to life. James digs through the clothes, pushing back boxes until finds what he is searching for. He pulls the gun out from behind the clothes and shows it to Kristen like a prize.
78) 0) text: It is silent inside the house. Kristen looks down the hallway at the overturned chair lying on the ground. The fire alarm still resting beside it. A loud slam rocks the ceiling and she almost lets out a scream, but she catches herself, covering her mouth with hand. She runs back inside the room and finds James on hi knees looking through shoe boxes.
78) 3) dialog: Nothing. What are you doing?
78) 5) dialog: What is it?
78) 7) dialog: You said you used to hunt, with your dad.
78) 9) dialog: At least we have it.
78) 11) dialog: James?
78) 13) dialog: What?
78) 15) dialog: James.
78) 18) dialog: We have to go.
78) 22) dialog: Get away from here! Go away!
79) 0) text: He tosses the gun on the ground and Kristen joins him at piano as he begins pushing it towards the entry way.
79) 3) dialog: James! The blade pushes through the door into the piano letting a loud rumble that vibrates throughout the large instrume James continues to push as the piano slides back and fort between the men. Finally, it stops moving.
80) 0) text: James returns to the living room, almost knocking Kristen down as he grabs an arm chair and throws it towards the e way hall. Again, the piano moans, but this time no sound follows. Kristen watches the hole in the front door, searching for ghostly smile. James continues to grab random objects, tossing them past her towards the door He picks up the gun and slaps it like a child, trying to it to work. Kristen moves in close beside him but he does not notice her. He is in a trance like state, his eyes never leaving the door She pulls the gun out of his hands and searches for a swi anything that might make the gun accessible. Finally, with the flip of a knob, the barrel opens and Kristen clumsily shoves two of the shells into the weapon James turns to her and pulls the gun back into his own ha He is shaking and Kristen retreats, shocked at his behavi
80) 1) dialog: God? What are you doing!? He sticks the remaining shells in his pocket and turns towards the door, tossing one last book towards the doorw KRISTEN (cont’d) He’s gone. James he’s gone.
80) 3) dialog: Stop it. He fires a shot at the hole. Both he and Kristen stumble back from the force of the blast. 59. KRISTEN (cont’d) Stop it! She fights him momentarily as he tries to throw their bag down the hall. James hits both knees, gasping for air. Kristen falls back against the wall staring at the hole i the door. The gun tumbles out of his hand onto the ground James glances at the back door.
80) 5) dialog: Baby...
80) 7) dialog: I’m sorry. James kicks the wall. Then he grabs the gun and pushes her towards the back hallway. KRISTEN (cont’d) What are you doing?
81) 0) text: James walks around in the dark and begins preparing. With loud crash, he tosses a book shelf over and the ground is suddenly covered in books, broken picture frames and trophies. Kristen climbs over the pile using James’ arm as a guide they both crouch down behind it. He slides the barrel of gun back and forth along the shelf until finally resting to aim directly at the door 60. James has grown quiet. He seems distanced as he stares behind the barrel of the gun.
81) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
83) 0) text: James lies on his stomach, his eyes focused on the doorwa front of him. Kristen lies beside him staring at the wall in darkness. only sound is the grandfather clock ticking in the corner 61.
83) 1) dialog: James? He doesn’t reply.
86) 0) text: James tightens as they listen to the sound of the putter slapping against the ground. Kristen squeezes the leg of James’ pants.
87) 0) text: The old man walks past the spot on the floor where James Kristen were a few minutes ago and then passes the bathro He fades deeper and deeper into darkness as he moves to t bedrooms and the sound of the putter echoes louder and lo until finally, silence. The sound of a grandfather clock tics in the darkness as stares into an open door.
88) 0) text: Kristen lies on her side, her head pressed tight against overturned bookshelf. She holds her ringing ears as she stares at James’ hand still squeezing the trigger. Neither one of them moves. James stares forward at the fe that lay on the floor. The wall behind the body seems wet, like it just rained a dark liquid.
88) 2) dialog: I hear you.
88) 4) dialog: What’s he doing?
88) 6) dialog: They won’t bother us anymore.
88) 8) dialog: We can just wait here now. James nods his head over and over, his eyes closed.
88) 10) dialog: Did you see his mask?
88) 12) dialog: Did you see his mask?
88) 14) dialog: I’m so sorry.
88) 16) dialog: It’s okay. She reaches over to him and without thinking he slides aw towards the wall.
88) 18) dialog: What? James gets to his knees, then slowly he climbs past the bookshelf, leaving the gun as he heads towards the door. A pool of blood has formed around the body and it rolls towards James. The floor is slanted. James’ hand slides out from underneath him and he catches himself on the door frame. He leaves a bloody hand print near the light switch. KRISTEN (cont’d) Come back. 65. James ignores her, leaning his head through the door fram It is hard to see in the hallway, but as James hovers ove the body it becomes clear to him that this is an old man. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James?
88) 20) dialog: Answer me!
88) 22) dialog: How do you know?
88) 24) dialog: How do you know! On the roof above him they hear a footstep. James turns back to her.
88) 26) dialog: No! He leaps upon her and throws her to the ground.
88) 28) dialog: Get off me! Her tone is unsympathetic. She is becoming angry.
88) 30) dialog: Don’t touch me! James pulls off of her and falls on the ground beside her They both cry in the darkness. The clock ticks beside the On the roof they hear another footstep. KRISTEN (cont’d) It is not your fault.
88) 32) dialog: You...can’t...Don’t think...
88) 34) dialog: You won’t go...
89) 2) dialog: Don’t leave me alone in here! What are you talking about?
89) 4) dialog: What if somebody’s in here? He is red in the face. Sweat builds on his forehead.
89) 8) dialog: Don’t leave me in here. She grabs a hold of him, squeezing him in her arms, plead with him. KRISTEN (cont‘d) Don’t go.
89) 10) dialog: Please.
89) 12) dialog: James!
90) 0) text: She watches James run away from her and into the black ni His feet are like bricks as he crosses the damp grass carrying the heavy gun. With each step away from the hous he falls further into darkness. He swings the barrel in every direction at once as he searches the shadows around him. 69. Only his feet on the grass give any perspective to where is. He turns back, looking at the house, to where Kristen stands on the porch staring out at him. Then, he turns the corner of the partial fence that separ the backyard from the acres surrounding the house, and disappears.
91) 0) text: Kristen does not go any further. It is cold outside and she shivers as she struggles to se any sign of James or the strangers. Her body dances from side to side, the concrete cold against her feet. The wind chimes blow harder than ever before in the night breeze. Off the side of the house, a ragged American flag swings the darkness. It rattles against its cheap aluminium pole trying to escape. Kristen’s eyes are drawn to it. Then sh looks towards the black field in front of her. She can hear James’ footsteps from behind the fence, she tries to whisper to him, but after a couple of tries, she just listens. She hears a footstep on the roof and retreats, but her fo catches the edge of the doorway. She stumbles slightly, grabbing the curtain for support as she falls inside.
92) 0) text: The curtains near the balcony blow in the gentle breeze passing through the open window. A security light outside casts a green glow throughout the back of the room that slightly touches the edge to the bed. James is asleep. His back faces Kristen, who stares at th ceiling above her.
92) 1) dialog: James? She whispers. It is barely noticeable. 70. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James? He opens his eyes, not sure of what he has heard. He star at the window, listening. KRISTEN (cont’d) Are you awake?
92) 3) dialog: I had a bad dream. She sits up slightly and tries to see over his shoulder. eyes are closed again. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James.
92) 5) dialog: 
92) 8) dialog: I want to, but not now. James is drifting, his eyes grow heavy and close, then he fights them back open.
92) 10) dialog: I don’t remember. I mean, I know you were in it. There was a monster.
92) 12) dialog: What’s that?
92) 14) dialog: You shouldn’t do that.
92) 16) dialog: I’m a bad influence.
92) 18) dialog: It’s so quiet here. No one is walking around.
93) 0) text: James and Kristen walk down the long hallway. James wears just his pants and carries the ice bucket loosely in his hand. Kristen wears a robe and has her hair pulled up on of her head.
93) 1) dialog: It’s so cold.
93) 3) dialog: Can’t this wait til tomorrow?
93) 5) dialog: I need to get fatter anyway.
93) 7) dialog: I’m a fatty.
93) 9) dialog: Fine.
94) 0) text: James sits on the floor near the window. Kristen eats her candy bar in the bed.
94) 1) dialog: Come back.
94) 3) dialog: Come back to bed.
94) 5) dialog: Sometimes.
94) 7) dialog: I don’t think I can try any harder.
94) 9) dialog: You can’t. 74.
94) 11) dialog: You can’t. James’ skin grows brighter every second now. Kristen rema in the darkness.
94) 13) dialog: I know. Kristen coughs, then takes a drag.
95) 0) text: From where Kristen sits, next to the doorway, she can see outline of the barn through the curtain. A small light shines on the side of the tin building. She turns back to the living room. The hole in the front door whistles in the wind. Her hands reach across the table behind her until she gra hold of the cigarettes and James’ matches. She lights one and breathes deeply, letting her smoke blow out onto the porch in front of her. A cat sits a hundred feet away from her in the yard. She watches its glassy eyes stare back at her. It is calm, bu its ears rotate around, taking in the little noises of th outdoors. On the roof, Kristen hears the familiar pounding of footsteps, but her eyes never leave the cat. She unconsciously swivels the ring around her finger. A scream from a woman is heard from the direction James r earlier. 75.
96) 0) text: The cat takes off for the fields and Kristen runs out aft James. Her cigarette drops to the concrete as her bare fe slap across the pavement and then disappear in the tall grass. She cannot see James, but in the distance, she can make o the shadow of the barn at the end of the property. She ca hear someone behind the fence as she approaches. Then, sh hears a man’s voice that is not like James’. She turns fo the barn. he house grows smaller behind her as she pushes closer to he tin building. The sound of footsteps suddenly appear rom the side of her as she runs. risten turns around and sees the outline of someone backl y the porch as they are fast approaching her. he turns around and her feet catch on a hole in the earth he slams into the ground. nn OX acto
96) 1) text: The wind is knocked out of her and, for a moment, Kristen lies on the grass, gasping. She is still half way to the barn. Kristen rolls over and tries to stand, but she collapses down again. The footsteps behind her have stopped. She ca only hear her own breathing. Kristen’s hands reach for he ankle. She faces back towards the house and sees a flash as a gunshot rings out in the night. The shadow of one of the girls darts across the windows o the back porch. The girl runs towards the side of the hou where the gunshot appeared. Kristen gets to her knees and frantically looks around fo signs of someone chasing her. She begins crawling slowly towards the barn. Pits in the earth, the size of hoof prints, tear at her s as she pulls her body towards the barn door. She is hurt with her every move her face grimaces in pain. Behind her, the other woman walks fifty feet away. As the approach the light on the barn, it reveals her mask, a fifties PIN UP GIRL. She makes no effort to Kristen’s every stop, forward.
96) 4) text: It lies ina ng wheel is gone. door searching the area around the Everything is still and quiet. 77. She leans against the metal door and turns the flashlight the back of the barn. As the light passes around the room she discovers an orange glow coming from the back wall. S gets to her knees and slowly hoists herself to her feet making her way past an old riding lawn mower and some wee eaters as she shuffles to the faint light. Against the wall is a small work table. On top of it, sit an old HAM radio. Kristen picks up the receiver and adjusts the volume. The room fills with static and she turns back to the barn doo afraid that someone has heard her.
96) 5) dialog: Hello. Is anyone there? She presses the button this time. KRISTEN (cont’d) Hello. Somebody? The room fills with static. KRISTEN (cont’d) Hello! Help me! She drops the receiver, moving so she can see through the door.
96) 7) dialog: Hello! wait, wait! She hobbles back to the radio pulling the cord from the ground. The static halts. KRISTEN (cont’d) Hello! Can you hear me? There’s people here. They’re trying to kill us. You have to help me.
96) 9) dialog: I’m at my boyfriend’s house. I’m in the barn.
96) 11) dialog: Kristen. You have to help me.
96) 13) dialog: Where are you?
96) 15) dialog: Oh god!
96) 17) dialog: There’s no time! She turns to the barn door again.
96) 20) dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never been here before.
96) 22) dialog: No! Her voice cracks. KRISTEN (cont’d) I’ve never been here before!
96) 24) dialog: I’m in a barn.
96) 26) dialog: There’s people outside.
96) 28) dialog: Bad people.
96) 30) dialog: James.
96) 32) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
96) 34) dialog: Hotopp! The room fills with static as Kristen starts crying. hands are shaking as she continues to hold the microphone her face. 80. KRISTEN (cont’d) I’m gonna die here. I don’t even know where I am.
96) 36) dialog: I don’t... Static.
96) 38) dialog: I don’t know. I’ve never been here before. I’m in the country. Static.
96) 40) dialog: I’m gonna go. There’s no time. I’m gonna go. She slams her hands against the wooden table. The radio bounces up and down on the warped wood.
96) 42) dialog: I’m sorry.
96) 44) dialog: James. She gropes her way to the barn door. She grips the side o it as she makes her way outside again, crawling back towa the house.
97) 0) text: Kristen inches away from the light and away from the path that leads to the house. The brush is high and her body disappears into the thorns and weeds. She sees James for a moment as he leaves the porch headin back into the yard. He is limping and he seems disoriente but he still holds the gun. He calls out into the night a
99) 0) text: Kristen tries to crawl towards him but her eyes continue fall back to the Pin Up Girl. The stranger’s body becomes more visible as she walks slowly towards the house. Krist can see the reflection of the blade in her hand as the kn hits the light. The Pin Up Girl sees James through the gate. She is movin towards him.
101) 0) text: Kristen spots the Man in the Mask as he appears from the shadows near the opposite side of the house. She scans th darkness, searching for another stranger somewhere around her. Just out of her view, Strawberry watches her. Pin Up Girl and the Man walk slowly and cautiously toward each other as they move nearer to James. They speak to ea other in a whisper that Kristen cannot make out across th yard. 83. Soon, they connect near the porch, both heading for James he watches the car burn. He is in his own world.
101) 1) dialog: James! She screams, her body lifting up over the grass. The Man in the Mask never takes his eyes off the opening the gate as he walks closer and closer towards James. Kristen watches him disappear behind the wooden fence. Sh hears the gas can slam against the pavement, but both Jam and the Man are out of sight. The Pin Up Girl turns around. Her plastic eyes scan the open field. She walks back out into the grass, past the patio. A small rubber ball squis underneath her worn down shoes, letting out a small squea Kristen buries her face in the grass and the mud and list She tries to hold her breath as she hears the grass aroun her beaten down by the Pin Up Girl’s footsteps. With ever other one, there is a swoosh of the blade against the tal grass. A gunshot rings out but she doesn’t look up. There is no sound of the stranger now. Kristen waits. The Pin Up Girl rushes past her and then disappears insid the barn. Kristen listens to her footsteps grow fainter and then he something slam against the metal of the barn’s walls. She searches the yard and then looks through the barn door. It is dark, like a black hole. She cannot make out anythi going on inside, so she shifts her focus back to the burn car. She pulls herself up and moves towards the fire. Strawber continues to watch her.
102) 0) text: Kristen is weak and every attempt to slide her body forwa produces little to no movement. Eventually, she enters th grassy area of the yard and finally, her hands touch the concrete of the porch. 84. She stares at the fire, but it will not last. The flames dying out. The car will not burn much longer Her skin and the fabric of the dress are worn away by the harshness of the ground beneath her. She is almost unrecognizable and her frail body is drained of all its energy.
103) 0) text: Kristen throws herself through the doorway, falling on th wood floor, coughing and crying as the sweat drips from h forehead. She lies on her back, one hand swinging to grab the curta
105) 0) text: Kristen lays back on the ground, staring at the ceiling watching the candlelight flicker above her. All of a sudd she is sobbing. Her hair is covered in thorns and weeds. Kristen wrestles with herself. She claws and rips at her hair, trying to remove every piece of the yard from her b She slams back and forth on the floor as she flips and twists, fighting no one.
106) 0) text: Kristen checks the hallway as she makes her way to the ba bedrooms. She is shaking uncontrollably as she pauses in front of every closed door, throwing them open and switch on all the lights. She stands over the old man, She has to force herself to cross him. Her foot bumps him and she almost falls trying grab a hold of the wall. The phone shakes free from the m hand, but she does not notice.
110) 0) text: Kristen crawls on top of the bed and looks outside the window, but she cannot see James anywhere. She now holds knife, pressing the metal blade pressed against the windo She holds it in such a way as to display it for all those outside to see. She turns around, sitting on the bed. The light from the bathroom casts a soft glow that catches in her eyes as th lock upon the door and the darkened hall outside it. Her bloody hand squeezes the knife as her knees tap the bedpost over and over in a nervous twitch. In a quiet voi she sings.
110) 1) dialog: I don’t care if it rains or freezes. She coughs. Her throat is congested making it hard for he to breathe. All of a sudden, the lights shut down inside the entire house. Instantly, she is surrounded by darkness. She attempts to jump off the bed, but her damaged body cannot support itself and she falls to the ground. The knife clatters to the floor, under the bed. KRISTEN (cont‘d) No, no, no... She roughly scrapes around underneath the bed for the kni and finally gives up, on the verge of tears. She pulls herself back and drags her body towards the hall. 87.
111) 1) dialog: James? Her voice trails off as she reaches the end of the hall.
112) 0) text: The open door leading to the back porch brushes against t curtains gently in the breeze. The shattered fire alarm lies scattered on the floor, inc in front of Kristen’s face. The pieces are brushed to the side of the room, near the wall, deliberately smashed.
113) 0) text: Kristen nears the dining room table when she hears someon footsteps down the entry way behind her. A finger drags along the piano keys, many of them now out of tune.
115) 0) text: The Man in the Mask walks into the kitchen, pausing with back to Kristen and the pantry. On his neck, there are scratches, evidence of finger scrapes against his flesh.
116) 2) text: The door handle to the pantry twists as Kristen attempts open it. She is breathing hard as she builds the courage to open t door. It is an inch from her face and the sound of her breath against it is almost deafening. She is too frightened to push herself out. Her feet press against an old bag of cat food at the bottom of the pantr She can hear the click of the door as it crosses the wood notch and it begins to open, but suddenly stops. She push again, but the door does not move. The sound of her breat pounds in her ears as Kristen struggles more and more. Then she stops, holding her quivering hand in front of he mouth. Her eyes are wide as she stares out the door. She holds her breath, but the breathing sound continues. Two plastic eyes appear in the small slits directly in fr of Kristen face. Strawberry Shortcake’s plastic mask glar back at her.
116) 4) dialog: What do you want? Strawberry is still, calm. Kristen’s knife does not seem frighten her. KRISTEN (cont’d) Where’s James? Strawberry shrugs her shoulders. Her plastic face smiling Kristen’s fear. She puts down the case next to the ice cream.
116) 6) dialog: You did that. Leave us alone. Strawberry shakes her head “No” very slowly.
117) 0) text: One of the drawers Kristen had left hanging in its slot falls loose and clatters to the ground. Kristen shields herself from scattering contents and scoots sideways, but keeps her knife shakily pointing towards Strawberry.
117) 1) dialog: Why did you come here? Why us!
117) 3) dialog: He’s going to kill you. Strawberry shakes her head again.
117) 5) dialog: I don’t want to tell you.
117) 7) dialog: He’s going to kill you.
118) 0) text: The back door opens through the curtains and James stumbl inside. He is badly beaten, his face already swollen arou the eyes and mouth. Kristen yanks herself up but quickly sees that he is not alone. 92. The Man in the Mask and the Pin Up Girl walk in behind hi The man holds the gun, shoving it into James’ back
119) 0) text: Kristen slams the door behind her as she falls against si of the bed in the dark room, sobbing. The power returns t the house and the bathroom light turns on. Near the bed, overturned clock radio beeps 12’oclock on the floor. Kristen stands up staring at the closed door. From the living room, the sound of the record player starts up, th volume cranked high so that song bleeds into the Kristen’ ears. Her feet crunch the broken glass beneath her but sh seems unfazed.
119) 2) dialog: Go away!
119) 4) dialog: Leave me alone. Her voice is like a child. She is begging, pleading. The door opens in front of her, but no one is there. In t hallway she can hear James screaming over the record.
119) 6) dialog: It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay. As she approaches the door frame, she stops and looks at large mirror hanging on the wall over the dresser. The mu continues to pound and James’ screams almost become part the melody. Suddenly the screams fall silent. Kristen turns and sprints for the door, but the Man in th Mask is waiting. He tosses her like a rag doll against th wall and she collapses. He grabs her by her hair and pulls her down the hallway, the old man, to the dinning room. She does not fight. She has the old man’s blood in her hair.
121) 0) text: The table has been overturned and James is seated in the middle of room, tied to a chair. Beside him is an empty seat, and the man and the Pin Up Girl lift her into it. The music is incredibly loud now, making it impossible to hear anything else. Strawberry ties Kristen’s body to the chair using rusted baling wire. Then, she wires her hands together tightly i front of her while the Man in the Mask whispers in James’ ear. Kristen twists her wrists, but finds that only causes the wire to dig in deeper, cutting into her skin. James is crying. His pale face contorts with the understanding of the words coming from the plastic mouth. whispers back, begging and shaking his head. Neither he nor Kristen scream anymore. The Pinup Girl begins opening the curtains around the roo It is almost dawn and the sky behind the barn is beginnin grow pink.
122) 0) text: The strangers take their time, turning off every light in the house one by one. The room is dark at first, but over the next few minutes, a warmth begins to grab the walls. The three of them stand in front of James and Kristen watching them cry. When the record is over, the house grows quiet. Pin Up go to change it and James and Kristen sit in silence. Their knees are almost touching and he slides his leg ove grazing her bruised and bloody skin with his own. He can see her ring and she knows.
122) 1) dialog: I love you. The words come out so soft that only James can hear her. 95. James hums the song they danced to that night. His leg shakes against hers. Kristen’s face is too wet from tears see she still cries. Strawberry takes off her mask and lays it on the ground n the table. Soon, the others follow and, for the first tim they are exposed for who they are. The warm light now fills the room as the five of them sta at each other, waiting.
122) 3) dialog: You can stop. Do you hear me? It can stop now. The Man’s eyes shift slightly for a moment, staring into Kristen’s. KRISTEN (cont’d) I don’t care if it rains or freezes. Long as I have my Plastic Jesus, sitting on the dashboard of my car. She sings softly to her self and the Man watches her lips the words they both remember. James screams over and over as the Man leans in closer. H brings the knife towards James’ body slowly.
122) 5) dialog: James, James...look at me. James look at me. The man stabs him again. This time he does it quickly and James watches the blade go inside him. Then, he tilts his head up towards Kristen, the veins in his neck about to burst. KRISTEN (cont’d) Look at me. Look at my face. The two women stand behind the man. Both seem pale and frightened. Pin Up bites her lip nervously, but Strawberr is energized, a very faint smile on the edges of her mout The Pin Up Girl walks over behind James and strokes his h KRISTEN (cont’d) Don’t touch him. At first, he fights her but then he lets go. He is calm. The Pin Up Girl’s hand rests on his neck. Strawberry takes the knife, and without taking her eyes o James’ face drives it into his chest. James coughs, his head whipping around. He does not fight anymore. He just cries. Strawberry raises her face up to the Pin Up Girl and thei eyes lock for a moment. Pin Up slowly moves around in fro of Kristen, but Kristen does not seem to notice. Kristen’s eyes fall to the ring case lying on the ground the table. She does not even react when blade goes in her KRISTEN (cont ‘d) James. James. James. She repeats his name over and over as the three strangers begin to cut her. 97. James sits doubled over beside her, unable to watch. His breathing becomes more and more clouded as he begins to choke. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James.
123) 0) text: Kristen leans against the door of the car for support. Sh holds the ring in front of her. Tears form in her eyes. The sound of James’ rental shoes against the gravel seems echo throughout the empty cars that surround them. James stares at his hands nervously, he has not seen her face.
123) 2) dialog: I remember. The door to the building bursts open and a GROUP OF WEDDI GUESTS comes out laughing. Kristen and James turn towards the crowd. Everyone has had too much to drink. As Kristen turns around, James sees her eyes, her face. T hope begins to drain from his expression. KRISTEN (cont‘d) James, I.
123) 4) dialog: James...
123) 7) dialog: I need you now. James. I need you. James’ gasps for air at the moment of her words. For just second, he is back again from the darkness. There is no sound of the blood that is filling his throat and lungs. face turns towards her briefly before sinking again to hi chest.
124) 0) text: The sun peeks over the barn. It is hard for James to see because of the glare from the window. The man picks up his mask and the others’. The women star at Kristen’s dress as it turns red in front of them.
126) 0) text: They slowly take off their clothes until they each stand their underwear before the couple. They put their clothes a trash bag that the Pin Up Girl found under the sink. Strawberry hands out clean clothes from a bag she brings the door. James and Kristen are still alive.
129) 0) text: James collapses onto the ground and Kristen does the same They seem like dolls. Their limbs disjointed like mannequins. Their arms and legs grow limp as the life dra from their bodies. James is barely breathing under the weight of his body. 100. The three strangers walk out of the house one at a time. one looks back at James and Kristen and soon, the house i still. Kristen slides her hand across the floor until it rests o James' back. Her hand moves up underneath his clothes unt she touches his skin. She grabs his gaze as she watches h eyes begin to falter. James breathes slower and slower until finally, he stops.
130) 0) text: Kristen stares out along the hardwood floor listening to song spinning on the record player. She is no longer cryi The music fades and the record player hums, waiting for t next song. Kristen’s eyes glass over. For a moment, her breathing is the only sound in the room. The next song begins. Her hands slides down next to James body, one finger still reaching towards him. The wind chimes rattle against each other in the morning breeze. Then, the phone rings. Kristen does not react at first but on the second ring, i like her eyes come alive again. She begins to move toward the sound. The zipper on the back of her dress scratches the floor a she begins to push herself along the ground on her back. is slow at first. By the third ring, it seems like she ha barely moved at all. Her hands scratch at the floor as she forces her body ove Her arms, her entire body, are now covered in blood. Kristen struggles into the living room and by the fourth ring, the old man is within her sight. The ringing comes from him. Beside her the Smiley face rests, having fallen from the strangers’ bag. She loses her balance, and her wrist gives way. Her face slams against the hardwood floor. The dull thud of her he colliding against the wood is sickening, but Kristen continues. 101. She grabs the old man-her hands searching over his bloody body. The damage James has done to him begins to cover he as Kristen’s hands caress every inch of his body. Finally she hears the ring once again. The phone is on the ground inches away from her face. Her hand reaches out just as the last ring escapes the sm handheld piece of plastic. She forces herself on top of t his remains, stretching her body out to grab the phone be it stops ringing. She slides it to her ear, but there is no one there.
130) 1) dialog: Hello? Hello! Kristen’s eyes close. There is just a dial tone. She fall back to the ground. The Man stands behind her. Kristen begins dialing the phone. Her fingers slip across small keys. First she dials 9, then two 1’s.