82) 0) text: At first, in the darkness, there are only footsteps and t a soft metallic clink. Under a street light an OLD MAN walks in the early mornin He wears an old fishing cap deep on his brow, his pants h just above his bright white tennis shoes. He passes by mailboxes and streetlights and then nothing the open fields between houses. He is half the distance t the house with blue Saturn. This part of the street is st quiet. Every so often, there is the sound of the metal against t old ground. And footsteps. In his hand, he carries a worn down putter. He uses it as cane, but he does not need one. He is still strong. The metal bounces off the sidewalk every couple of feet or so he walks, his pace quick and determined.
84) 0) text: The old man is about three houses down when he sees the battered four-door in the parking lot of the house. At first, it is too far to see clearly, but it has caught hi attention. When he gets to the same street light where the woman had stood, he can hear the car running. He stands under the light staring at the strange sight. In the shadows next to the house, a white mask hovers nea the windows. The old man does not see it as he approaches the house slowly. The putter is quiet now, the soft sound blending with the footsteps as he crosses the yard. When he reaches the porch he can still see the footsteps James had left earlier in the grass. He gazes at the car a few seconds and then reaches over and pushes the doorbe He curiously investigates the damage on the wood in front him. He stands waiting for a response, but after a few seconds walks around the side of the house to the car and the bri head lights. In the bright lights he pauses in front of the hood, the engine still humming. He walks towards the fence and opens it with a slight tug entering the back yard. The back door is open and he walks in without hesitating. In the field, another mask is watching.
85) 0) text: The old man walks past the table, the putter leading the as the sound vibrates on the hardwood floor. Every few seconds he pauses, staring at the destroyed room. He picks up the phone on the bar and listens to the dead Then he pulls a cell phone out of his pocket and holds it his side. 62.
87) 0) text: The old man walks past the spot on the floor where James Kristen were a few minutes ago and then passes the bathro He fades deeper and deeper into darkness as he moves to t bedrooms and the sound of the putter echoes louder and lo until finally, silence. The sound of a grandfather clock tics in the darkness as stares into an open door.
87) 1) dialog: Hello? A gunshot flickers in the room and the sound is deafening The putter and the man hit the ground at the same time. L that, it is over.
106) 0) text: Kristen checks the hallway as she makes her way to the ba bedrooms. She is shaking uncontrollably as she pauses in front of every closed door, throwing them open and switch on all the lights. She stands over the old man, She has to force herself to cross him. Her foot bumps him and she almost falls trying grab a hold of the wall. The phone shakes free from the m hand, but she does not notice.
116) 0) text: He moves back over to the dining room table, where he sit down in the place James occupied an hour ago. He holds th old man’s hat in his hand. He pulls off his mask and sets it down next to the case f her ring. Sweat drips off his face. He is about the same age as James. He is tired, exhausted by the physical exertion of the night’s events. He lights a cigarette from her pack and leans back in the chair. The smoke rises above him in the moonlight. After a few seconds, he slides over the soggy carton of i cream from the table and opens the top. Cherry flavored cream drips into his beard as he eats the half melted dessert. He closes the lid, setting the spoon on top of the box an places it back in the center of the table. His eyes conti to rest on the ice cream as he softly sings.
130) 0) text: Kristen stares out along the hardwood floor listening to song spinning on the record player. She is no longer cryi The music fades and the record player hums, waiting for t next song. Kristen’s eyes glass over. For a moment, her breathing is the only sound in the room. The next song begins. Her hands slides down next to James body, one finger still reaching towards him. The wind chimes rattle against each other in the morning breeze. Then, the phone rings. Kristen does not react at first but on the second ring, i like her eyes come alive again. She begins to move toward the sound. The zipper on the back of her dress scratches the floor a she begins to push herself along the ground on her back. is slow at first. By the third ring, it seems like she ha barely moved at all. Her hands scratch at the floor as she forces her body ove Her arms, her entire body, are now covered in blood. Kristen struggles into the living room and by the fourth ring, the old man is within her sight. The ringing comes from him. Beside her the Smiley face rests, having fallen from the strangers’ bag. She loses her balance, and her wrist gives way. Her face slams against the hardwood floor. The dull thud of her he colliding against the wood is sickening, but Kristen continues. 101. She grabs the old man-her hands searching over his bloody body. The damage James has done to him begins to cover he as Kristen’s hands caress every inch of his body. Finally she hears the ring once again. The phone is on the ground inches away from her face. Her hand reaches out just as the last ring escapes the sm handheld piece of plastic. She forces herself on top of t his remains, stretching her body out to grab the phone be it stops ringing. She slides it to her ear, but there is no one there.