0) 0) text: AIBILEEN, black, 53, sits at a table in a small, green kitchen. She wears a yellow dress with black piping and grips a tattered spiral notebook. Although cracked, the window behind her is crystal clear. Three framed portraits hang on the wall above her: John F Kennedy, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and an UNKNOWN YOUNG BLACK MALE wearing thick glasses. Aibileen swallows hard.
0) 1) dialog: I was...born in 1911...on Piedmont Plantation in Cherokee County. An UNSEEN WOMAN interviews Aibileen.
0) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am. I did.
0) 5) dialog: Momma was a maid. My grandmother was a house slave.
1) 0) text: MAE MOBLEY LEEFOLT, 2 1/2 years old, lies in a crib, cryi AIBILEEN enters. Her dark black skin contrasts angelicall with a brilliant white work dress, white panty hose and s
1) 4) dialog: You is kind. You is smart. You is important. Mae Mobley's mother, ELIZABETH LEEFOLT, 21 and lanky, ent wearing a green dress very much under construction. Pins double-stick tape hold it all together. Elizabeth has pointed features and a nest of teased, brit hair.
1) 9) dialog: I reckon when you finish, it won't. Elizabeth exits with her pinned hemline sloping at a good twenty degree angle. Aibileen shakes her head.
6) 0) text: Aibileen kneels next to Mae Mobley who sits on a small children's training toilet.
6) 3) dialog: You drunk up two glasses a grape juice, I know you got to tee-tee.
6) 5) dialog: I give you a cookie if you go. Tee-tee immediately sprinkles into the bowl.
6) 6) dialog: Mae Mobley! You going! Aibileen and Mae Mobley laugh excitedly as Elizabeth stor into the bathroom in her finished dress. The hemline now slants in the other direction. 8.
7) 0) text: The Leefolt's small, wood paneled, two bedroom "ranch" is destined to become income property one day. FIVE YOUNG WOMEN, early 20s, and Elizabeth hover around t collapsible card tables arranged in the living room. Aibileen methodically arranges grapes on a platter of chi salad resting on Elizabeth's dining table. The table has small L-SHAPED CRACK in the middle.
7) 12) dialog: Thank you, Miss Hilly.
8) 0) text: Minny plows through the swing door and reaches for Hilly' deviled eggs. Aibileen rushes in behind her wearing the cheetah collare coat. The sleeves are about a foot too short.
8) 1) dialog: Hold on! Those are Miss Hilly's. Aibileen pulls another plate of eggs out of the fridge.
8) 2) dialog: Gots to have paprika on `em. Minny takes an egg. It disappears in a single bite.
8) 5) dialog: Watch yo mouth, Minny.
8) 8) dialog: Oh, law! Did she?
10) 0) text: Aibileen clears the dining table as bridge begins. Hilly, Elizabeth and Skeeter sit with Jolene. Skeeter tak deep breath and belts out her news.
11) 0) text: Aibileen rushes in the kitchen and answers the phone. 13.
11) 2) dialog: Leefolt residence.
12) 3) dialog: She having bridge club right now. May I take a message? CELIA FOOTE, 28, peroxide blonde, stands in all her count girl glory. She speaks with a thick, unrefined, Southern accent, mire insecurity.
12) 5) dialog: Yes, ma'am. Celia nervously twists herself around in the phone cord.
12) 8) dialog: No, ma'am.
13) 0) text: Aibileen enters the living room with a coffee pot. 14.
13) 3) dialog: Miss Celia Foote called again. Elizabeth leans over and touches Hilly's arm.
15) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
15) 5) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
15) 7) dialog: Miss Myrna gets it wrong lotta times. Be good to get it right.
15) 11) dialog: Yes, ma'am, it is.
15) 13) dialog: Constantine and me...were in church circle together. 19.
15) 16) dialog: Yes, ma'am. Skeeter moves closer to Aibileen.
15) 18) dialog: Quit?
15) 21) dialog: No, ma'am. I couldn't...
30) 0) text: Skeeter sits across the table from Aibileen, reading the `Miss Myrna' letters. 31.
30) 3) dialog: Which one she want a get rid of? Them rings or the husband? Skeeter chuckles and shrugs her shoulders.
30) 4) dialog: Tell her a vinegar and Pine-Sol soak. Then let it set in the sun a bit. Skeeter writes this down.
30) 5) dialog: Bout an hour. Let it dry. Skeeter keeps writing. Aibileen notices something outside Hilly walks into the Leefolt backyard with her son, BILLY perched on her hip. A CONTRACTOR, 30s, follows holding a set of plans. Skeeter turns to the open window. It's already started to sprinkle outside.
30) 11) dialog: Everthing's fine.
30) 13) dialog: I never tolt you that! Aibileen jumps up as another crack of thunder sounds out.
30) 17) dialog: You know what'd happen to me if Miss Leefolt knew I was tellin' stories on her?
30) 19) dialog: Other maids?
30) 21) dialog: They set my cousin Shinelle's car on fire just cause she went down to the voting station. 33.
30) 24) dialog: `Cause they's a reason. I do this with you, I might as well burn my own house down. Bam! The front door slams shut.
36) 0) text: Aibileen sits with Mae Mobley against an interior wall, holding a mattress on top of them and humming in her ear.
38) 10) dialog: Be right there, Baby Girl. Aibileen pulls up her panty-hose.
39) 0) text: Aibileen waits with YULE MAY, 45, as well as other maids black males at a bus stop. Yule May is tall, pretty and graceful. Her hair is pulled tightly into a bun. Skeeter walks down the sidewalk toward them. She and Aibileen catch eyes. Skeeter waves. Yule May inches away from Aibileen. One BLACK MAN in particular looks with concern as Skeeter walks up.
39) 3) dialog: You got some "Miss Myrna" questions for me?
39) 6) dialog: Yes, ma'am. The bus pulls away. 38.
39) 9) dialog: This already ain't careful, Miss Skeeter. You not knowing that is what scares me most. I'm sorry. Skeeter hands Aibileen a piece of paper with her phone nu written on it. Aibileen turns and walks off down the sidewalk.
40) 0) text: Dark outside, Aibileen approaches another, more integrate bus stop.
42) 0) text: Aibileen sits at a table wearing a nightgown. She careful combs and styles her wig for work in the morning. Her real hair is bound tightly in dozens of tightly bound nubs. 39.
43) 3) dialog: Everbody know you honest, Minny.
43) 5) dialog: What you did?!
46) 0) text: Aibileen hears a loud slap and Minny's phone dropping to floor. Yelling and screaming follows. 40.
46) 2) dialog: Minny! She can't bear to listen and hangs up the phone. She sees Skeeter's phone number taped to the wall. Aibileen's breath becomes heavy. Anger wells inside her. She picks up the phone again and begins to dial.
47) 0) text: Wearing a black scarf over her hair and clutching her red satchel, Skeeter approaches a small, one-story wood structure. White paint peels, hydrangeas fill the yard. Skeeter spies an old pickup truck parked on the side of Aibileen's house, completely covered in years of dust. Skeeter checks over her shoulder several times. The porch steps creak under her big feet. Aibileen quickly opens the door and waves her inside.
48) 0) text: Aibileen wears the same yellow dress she wore in the firs scene.
48) 2) dialog: Got dropped two streets over? Skeeter nods.
48) 5) dialog: Thank you. Aibileen motions for Skeeter to sit on a narrow sofa behi coffee table covered in hand-tatted lace. A tray holds a teapot, two cups that don't match and cook resting on folded napkins. As Aibileen pours the tea, her hand shakes. 41.
48) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. I've never had a white person in my house before. Skeeter sips her tea.
48) 9) dialog: Miss Skeeter, What if...What if you don't like what I got to say? About white peoples?
48) 11) dialog: You gone have to change my name. Mine, Miss Leefolt's, everbody's.
48) 13) dialog: It gone be hard.
48) 15) dialog: Minny got her some stories, sho nuff. But, she ain't real keen on talking to white peoples right now.
49) 2) dialog: It feel...Uh. Aibileen glances up to the framed picture of Treelore.
49) 5) dialog: Yes, ma'am. He dead two years now. Got run over at the lumber yard. Lungs were crushed.
49) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, I- Aibileen covers her mouth with her hand. Skeeter becomes disgusted with herself.
49) 11) dialog: I thought I might write my stories down and read them to you.
49) 13) dialog: It no different than writing down my prayers.
49) 15) dialog: Prayer like electricity. It keep life going. Writing it down make it more powerful. Lot a ailing, sick peoples in this town.
49) 17) dialog: I didn't get a chance to pray for Treelore. 43.
49) 19) dialog: God took him fast `cause he didn't want to argue with me. He was just twenty-four years old. The best part of a person's life.
49) 21) dialog: But he'd like we's doing this. He always said we gone have a writer in the family one day...After my prayers last night, I got some stories down too. Skeeter nods. Aibileen opens her notebook and reads.
49) 22) dialog: My first white baby to ever look after was named Alton Carrington Speers. It was 1938, and I'd just turned fourteen years old. Daddy had left us, so I dropped out a school to help momma with the bills.
50) 0) text: A congregation of three hundred stand singing lively with large choir. Aibileen stands next to Yule May and is whispering in her ear. Yule suddenly leans back, shocked, shaking her head "no." Minny watches from two pews back. Her curiosity is peaked
51) 0) text: Miss Stein sits at her desk reading Aibileen's stories.
52) 1) dialog: It just ate him up, so one time I told him it cause I drank too much coffee. Oh, law, you should a seen his face. 44.
52) 4) dialog: 
62) 0) text: Aibileen removes Mae Mobley's wet cloth diaper on a chang table. Mae Mobley's behind is covered with inflamed diape rash. Aibileen shakes her head. Elizabeth enters the room.
62) 3) dialog: Yes, ma'am. Aibileen's eyes narrow.
63) 0) text: Skeeter works with a typewriter now. Aibileen, more casua dressed than before, waits for Skeeter to finish typing.
63) 1) dialog: I reckon I'm ready...to talk about Miss Leefolt now. Skeeter stops typing and looks up. She nods.
63) 2) dialog: Baby girl don't get her diaper changed `til I get there in the morning. That's `bout ten hours she gots to sit in her mess. I be so worried about her on my day off. I always come in an hour early on Mondays.
66) 1) dialog: Miss Leefolt be spending so much time keeping up with the society ladies, she done forgot the child she got now. Just then Minny barges through the kitchen back door.
66) 6) dialog: We all working for the same thing.
66) 16) dialog: You don't have to do this, Minny.
66) 18) dialog: And that was a good mood. Minny immediately storms back in the kitchen.
67) 0) text: Minny talks a mile a minute. Aibileen continues writing.
68) 3) dialog: I know, but it hard, Minny. Mind racing, Minny flies out the door without a word. Aibileen turns to Skeeter.
68) 4) dialog: You gone and done it now. 55.
69) 0) text: Miss Stein discusses Aibileen and Minny's stories with Skeeter on the phone.
70) 0) text: Minny, Aibileen and Skeeter sit at the kitchen table.
70) 7) dialog: Don't give up on us, Miss Skeeter. Skeeter softens and sits back down.
79) 0) text: Hilly, her husband, WILLIAM, and Skeeter's date, STUART WHITWORTH, drink high balls and eat cheese in the Holbroo parlor. Gold swag curtains hang on the windows. Balding and pudgy, only William's family money once made a desirable bachelor. Stuart, on the other hand, is very handsome, the "Marlboro Man" in a well-tailored suit. Yule May (who we met earlier at church with Aibileen) now works for Hilly. She clears empty glasses.
85) 0) text: Minny and Aibileen, in uniform, push carts side by side i the grocery store. The white shoppers are dressed casuall Other maids in the store (all required to be in uniform w shopping) keep quietly to themselves. White women smile and chat with one another as they meand down the aisles as if the black maids aren't even there. Minny suddenly spots Celia in the produce section. She pu Aibileen close as they peer around the corner.
85) 7) dialog: You gone accuse me a philosophizing.
85) 10) dialog: I don't believe in lines anymore. Lines is in our heads `cause people like Miss Hilly try to make us believe they there. Celia squeezes a canteloupe with another scared maid.
86) 0) text: Aibileen and Minny continue their conversation while wait with several other maids at a bus stop in front of the st
86) 1) dialog: Lotta of folk think if you talk back to your husband, you crossed a line...need to be punished.
86) 3) dialog: Cause it ain't there. `Cept in Leroy's head. Lines between black and white ain't there either. Minny and Aibileen watch as Celia exits the store with he groceries and prances toward her car.
86) 5) dialog: All I'm saying is kindness don't have no boundaries. Just then, MYRLIE EVERS, 30, (Medgar Evers wife) approach the bus stop with her three Children. SONS, 10 and 3, and DAUGHTER, 8. Aibileen and Minny nod as the Evers walk past and sit on bench.
86) 6) dialog: Law, the Evers children have gotten so big!
86) 10) dialog: No. You got me. A bus pulls up and the doors open. Minny, Aibileen and th other maids step aside to let the Evers family board firs
87) 0) text: Aibileen has come along to aid Yule May with Elizabeth's shower. A table is set in the middle of the yard covered in white linens and Hilly's best sliver. Hilly's son sits on her lap. The other girls' children we bathing suits jumping noisily in and out of two plastic k pools. Yule May clears cake plates while Aibileen removes crumbs with a sterling crumb scraper. Mae Mobley wanders up to the table. Her belly almost look distended crammed inside last year's one piece.
87) 4) dialog: I'm on cut you some cake, Baby.
87) 6) dialog: It so pretty. Hilly begins bouncing William Jr. on her knee.
87) 10) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
87) 14) dialog: Yes, ma'am...And I thank you. Hilly smiles and nods.
96) 0) text: Aibileen sits on the kitchen floor next to a bucket. She feverishly scours grease off the baseboards. Elizabeth's car pulls up. Aibileen smiles.
96) 1) dialog: Baby girl home. 77.
97) 0) text: Mae Mobley sits on Aibileen's toilet in the garage. Door wide open, pants around her ankles.
98) 0) text: Aibileen sits on the couch with Mae Mobley who eats a coo Mae Mobley's face is red and damp.
98) 1) dialog: I'm here, baby girl. Aibee's here. Aibileen kisses her on the cheek.
98) 2) dialog: You is kind. You is smart. You is important...You want me to tell you one a our secret stories? Mae Mobley nods. The phone rings. Aibileen rises.
98) 5) dialog: One day this wise Martian come down to Earth to teach us people a thing or two.
98) 7) dialog: Oh, he about six-two.
98) 9) dialog: Martian Luther King.
98) 11) dialog: Looked just like us, nose, mouth, hair on his head. But, sometimes people looked at him funny and were just downright mean to him.
98) 13) dialog: `Cause he was green. Elizabeth suddenly barges into the living room.
99) 0) text: Elizabeth wobbles briskly up the street holding her pregn belly. Aibileen and Mae Mobley follow. A stream of people walk toward them, laughing. They round a corner to see FIFTY OLD TOILETS, in every sh and color imaginable, littering Hilly's lawn. Some have towering tanks with chain pulls at the top, providing amusement to the procession of cars driving by. The Holbrook's station wagon sits in the driveway, doors still open with LUGGAGE tied to the roof. Two OLD BLACK MEN struggle to remove a toilet under Willi supervision. 79.
100) 0) text: Aibileen rides in the back of a bus with a YOUNG BLACK MA Two white men sit right behind the white driver. The bus slows to a stop in the middle of the road. In the distance, blue lights flash in front of a road blo A few people gather.
101) 0) text: Aibileen and the young man walk along a dark street. The sound of cicadas and sirens fill the air.
101) 2) dialog: I be all right. My house is seven blocks from here.
101) 4) dialog: Naw, thank ya. I'll be fine...Law, I hope this ain't as bad as- Aibileen turns to discover the young man is gone. She sta into the darkness. Scared, she begins to run. She cuts through a yard and trips over a hedge. She falls hard to her knees. Terrified, Aibileen begins to sob. She sees Minny's porch light and pulls herself up.
102) 0) text: Minny sits with all five of her children, Sugar, LEROY JR 12, KINDRA, 10, FELICIA, 6, and BENNY, 4. They all listen anxiously to a radio on the table. Aibileen opens the screen door and falls to the floor. Minny jumps up to help her. She sees blood and grass stai streaking the knees of Aibileen's panty hose.
102) 5) dialog: We gone pray for the Evers. We gone pray for Myrlie. Minny raises her fists.
102) 9) dialog: We gone be careful.
102) 11) dialog: We ain't doing civil rights with Miss Skeeter. We just tellin' stories like they really happen. Minny and Aibileen grab hands and squeeze hard.
110) 0) text: Aibileen holds a plate of grits covered in toasted marshmallows, strawberries and three lighted candles.
110) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday! Mae Mobley two today! Mae Mobley laughs as Aibileen sets down the grits.
110) 3) dialog: You sure is, Baby Girl. Blow'em out `fo they run up in your grits. Mae Mobley blows out the candles.
110) 5) dialog: Fifty-three.
110) 8) dialog: Gone be fifty-four next week.
110) 10) dialog: I gots seventeen of `em.
110) 12) dialog: They all over town.
110) 14) dialog: Now, you know who your momma is.
115) 0) text: Bridge is underway at the Leefolt house. Aibileen enters holding a tray of coffee cups. Elizabeth, Hilly, Jolene and several other girls giggle a they kneel down behind furniture.
115) 1) dialog: Everything okay? Elizabeth looks back. Her belly is huge.
118) 0) text: Skeeter enters quietly through Aibileen's kitchen door. She is surprised to see twenty other black women standing solemnly around the kitchen and the living room. Aibileen approaches with a worried look.
118) 2) dialog: Yule May in prison, Miss Skeeter. Gone be there four years. Minny shouts out across the kitchen.
119) 0) text: Hilly and the usual suspects play bridge at Hilly's house Aibileen pours coffee an earshot away.
120) 4) dialog: The church gone send them boys to college. Gone pass the plate `til they graduate... The women part, making way as Aibileen leads Skeeter to a seat at the kitchen table. PEARLY, 58, sits next to Skeeter and touches her arm.
121) 17) dialog: That's enough, Gretchen.
121) 19) dialog: Get out a my house!
122) 0) text: Aibileen sits with Skeeter on the sofa reading and answer Miss Myrna letters. Aibileen is dressed very nicely. Several flower arrangements are placed around the room. A unwrapped present rests on the coffee table.
122) 1) dialog: Tell her to pour vinegar in her trash cans. Then them dogs will stay away. As Skeeter writes this down, someone walks onto Aibileen' front porch. Skeeter becomes worried. Aibileen looks to a wall clock and smiles. About a dozen letters and cards fall into a basket under mail slot. Aibileen jumps up and starts sorting through the cards.
122) 2) dialog: Today my birthday, Miss Skeeter.
122) 4) dialog: And, from all over the county, my babies find they way home. Aibileen stops on one card in particular. She sits back d next to Skeeter.
122) 5) dialog: Some even from overseas. Alton Spears lives in Paris now. Married him a real pretty French girl. Got five kids, too...they's my grandbabies. 94.
122) 7) dialog: I still don't drink coffee. Happy Birthday. Love Alton. Aibileen laughs and raises her hand to her mouth. Skeeter touched. The doorbell rings. Aibileen jumps up and opens the door. delivery man greets her with two more vases of flowers. Aibileen looks out to the street where a white woman gets of her car with a huge country ham. Two little girls in matching dresses jump out behind her. The woman sees Aibileen on the porch and waves. Aibileen waves back and smiles. Catching it all, the moment soon grows bittersweet for Skeeter. She wipes her eye.
127) 0) text: Aibileen huddles with a dozen other maids in a circle. They're all crying. Some throw their hands in the air.
129) 0) text: Minny, Skeeter and Aibileen sit quietly compiling stories Aibileen and Minny look up to Aibileen's framed picture o John F. Kennedy. Aibileen grows anxious. She suddenly jumps out of her cha and paces around the kitchen.
129) 2) dialog: The world done gone crazy, Miss Skeeter! And I'm scared! What if folks find out what we writing? Figure out Niceville really Jackson, and figure out who who?
129) 4) dialog: Y'all two gone sit there and tell me you one hundred percent without a doubt sure `bout all this?! Skeeter looks away..
131) 0) text: Aibileen and Skeeter are speechless.
131) 1) dialog: You trying to get yourself killed?!
131) 7) dialog: 
131) 11) dialog: Exactly! If people find out "The Terrible Awful" was you and Miss Hilly, then we in trouble. Trouble there ain't words for!
133) 9) dialog: Lord have mercy. Ladies better hold onto they husbands tonight. Celia catches eyes with Minny. She smiles and nods quickl and then looks away, careful not to tip off Johnny of the relationship.
133) 12) dialog: There's Skeeter and that must be Stuart. He's handsome... Missus Walters?! Missus Walters enters wearing a floor-length blue beaded gown, circa 1943. A white orchid wilts at her clavicle.
137) 30) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
144) 0) text: Aibileen and Skeeter sit across from, FAYE BELLE, 101, palsied and gray skinned and hunched in a wheelchair. Aibileen grabs Faye Belle's hand stirring a sudden flash memory. Her voice is coarse and hard to understand.
145) 0) text: The manuscript sits before Aibileen, Minny and Skeeter. 111.
145) 3) dialog: Law, look at all them pages. Two- hundred and sixty-six of `em.
145) 7) dialog: If your momma won't tell you, I reckon I will.
154) 0) text: Aibileen and Minny hug each other as the jump up and down with checks in hand. 116.
158) 0) text: Aibileen irons as Elizabeth enters with shopping bags. She races to the television and turns it on. As the tube warms up, we hear the conclusion of a Tide commercial. WLBT's lunchtime show, "People Will Talk," continues.
161) 16) dialog: I...I wasn't paying attention.
162) 6) dialog: Ever maid callin' to say they white lady's gone and bought the book. They so scared.
173) 0) text: Aibileen lies in bed sleeping. Her eyes pop open.
177) 0) text: Bridge is underway at the Leefolt house with the usual suspects, except Skeeter. LOU ANN TEMPLETON has taken her place. Aibileen nervously pours coffee.
178) 0) text: Aibileen and Minny walk into the church parking lot weari their Sunday best. Minny takes note of all the cars.
178) 2) dialog: No. We ain't late.
179) 0) text: As Minny and Aibileen enter the church. Four-hundred memb stand at once. The congregation begins to clap. 128.
179) 2) dialog: Who we clappin' for? The woman laughs.
180) 0) text: Skeeter sits between Aibileen and Minny on the sofa thumb through her signed book. Hundreds of signatures cover the pages.
180) 1) dialog: Churches over two counties signed our books. All for you and me. Aibileen points to the inside back cover.
180) 2) dialog: Doctor King signed it, too. He readin' our book. Aibileen glances proudly at the framed portrait of Dr. Ki
180) 6) dialog: What's wrong? Skeeter pulls a letter out of her purse.
180) 8) dialog: Congratulations!
180) 11) dialog: What you mean you not takin' it? This is what you been dreaming of.
180) 13) dialog: If bad things happen, they ain't nothing you can do about it. And if they happen, at least now theys a reason behind it. A reason we can wrap our heads around and be proud of... Skeeter nods with little relief.
180) 14) dialog: Now, I don't mean to rub salt in your wound, but...you ain't got a good life here in Jackson. Plus, your momma's getting better- Minny aggressively chimes in.
180) 18) dialog: Go find your life, Miss Skeeter.
183) 0) text: Aibileen washes dishes as the phone begins to ring. She answers. Minny screams on the other end of the line.
184) 2) dialog: Oh, Law!
184) 5) dialog: Where are you now?!
184) 7) dialog: I'm on come there now.
184) 9) dialog: Minny, now, you listen to me. That baby gone be fine, and you ain't never gone lose your job. Mister Johnny told you that hisself. They's more book money coming. Your baby ain't gone know about gettin' beat. You hear me? You free, Minny! You are free. Minny lets out a chuckle of relief and wipes her eyes.
184) 10) dialog: You hear me?
185) 0) text: Aibileen enters to find Elizabeth and Hilly staring at he Elizabeth is two weeks WAY PAST DUE.
185) 1) dialog: Good morning. Hilly licks her cold sore as she steps forward. She glide her hand across the L-shaped crack in the Elizabeth's tab drawing Aibileen's attention to it.
185) 3) dialog: It not polished good? Humidity been fighting me on polishing day.
185) 6) dialog: Lemme...lemme go look in the kitchen, maybe I left some behind.
185) 8) dialog: You check in Mae Mobley's bed? She been putting things-
185) 10) dialog: I ain't stole no silver. Elizabeth whispers to Hilly.
185) 14) dialog: I go get her some syrup, Miss Leefolt.
185) 19) dialog: I didn't steal no silver.
185) 21) dialog: Woman!...I know something about you. Don't you forget that. Hilly narrows her eyes.
185) 22) dialog: From what Yule May says, they's a lot a time to write letters from jail. Plenty a time to write ever person in Jackson the truth about you, and the paper is free.
185) 24) dialog: I don't know. Already sold a lot a books. Fear floods into Hilly's eyes.
185) 27) dialog: Baby, you need to get back to bed. You got a fever.
185) 29) dialog: I gots to, Baby. I am so sorry.
185) 32) dialog: No, Baby, that's not the reason. I don't want to leave you, but...It's time for me to retire. You my last little girl.
185) 34) dialog: Baby Girl, I need you to remember ever thing I told you. Okay? Do you remember what I told you?
185) 36) dialog: No, Baby. The other. What you are.
185) 38) dialog: That's right, Baby Girl. Aibileen squeezes Mae Mobley for the last time. They both cry together. Hilly speaks up.
185) 40) dialog: Give my sweet girl a chance. Elizabeth avoids eye contact. Aibileen turns and walks aw As Elizabeth leans down to pick up Mae Mobley....HER WATE BREAKS. She glares at Hilly with shock and regret.
186) 0) text: Aibileen steps out of the house with her purse. She walks stoically down the driveway. Tears stream down face. Mae Mobley runs to the living room window crying. She bea on the glass from inside.
190) 0) text: Aibileen sits at her kitchen table, typing on Skeeter's o typewriter. We watch as keys write out the rest of Aibileen's voice over.
191) 0) text: Skeeter smiles as she reads from a book in her corner off The Manhattan skyline rises behind her. She wears Pucci. Her hair is perfectly styled. She looks gorgeous. She sets the book down on her desk and picks up the phone The book's cover reads: "All My Babies" By Aibileen Clark Next to the book is a glass box. Constantine's corn pipe rests inside.