18) 0) text: Skeeter's car pulls into the overgrown yard of an old sha with a rusted-out tin roof. Two clapboard rooms are separated by an open breezeway. T front door is cracked opened. Skeeter gets out and walks toward Constantine's home.
22) 8) dialog: 
24) 6) dialog: Gone be just you and me all weekend.
25) 0) text: Skeeter sits at a picnic table smoking a cigarette. Constantine smokes tobacco out of a corn pipe.
25) 2) dialog: Some things we should just keep to ourselves. Skeeter looks down to her long, bony legs.
25) 4) dialog: I'm five-thirteen, so quit feeling sorry for yourself.
25) 6) dialog: "Miss" what? Shoot, Child! You gone be "Miss Something Better." Constantine grabs Skeeter's hand and presses her thumb fi to her palm.
25) 7) dialog: Now you listen. Your momma didn't pick her life. It pick her, and she done even know it. You gone do something big with yours. Bigger than your momma or your brother. Constantine lets go of Skeeter's palm and wipes a tear fr her face. 28.
25) 10) dialog: Oh, Child! We don't get to pick. This pick us, and that just how it is. Tight on Skeeter's face as Constantine gives her a big hu
148) 0) text: Charlotte sits with twelve women at the dining table as Constantine pushes the casserole cart around and begins serving lunch. As the guests sip coffee, each woman grimaces and turns t Charlotte.
149) 0) text: Constantine hobbles with a cane down a gravel road still wearing her soiled dress. She turns and looks one last ti at the Phelan Plantation...
189) 2) dialog: Born December 24th 1883 Died March 15th, 1963 A bouquet of flowers lay at the foot of the tombstone. A copy of "The Help" leans against it. In the distance, a cab slowly pulls away with Skeeter ins 139.
191) 0) text: Skeeter smiles as she reads from a book in her corner off The Manhattan skyline rises behind her. She wears Pucci. Her hair is perfectly styled. She looks gorgeous. She sets the book down on her desk and picks up the phone The book's cover reads: "All My Babies" By Aibileen Clark Next to the book is a glass box. Constantine's corn pipe rests inside.