1) 5) dialog: Aibileen, bridge club's in an hour! Did you finish the chicken salad? 3.
1) 7) dialog: Oh, and Hilly's deviled eggs. No paprika! Elizabeth rotates around like the Tin Man.
1) 8) dialog: Does this dress look homemade?
6) 8) dialog: Aibileen, the girls are pulling up, and the table isn't set!
6) 10) dialog: Get in your room! Right now! Mae Mobley rises behind Aibileen's leg.
7) 0) text: The Leefolt's small, wood paneled, two bedroom "ranch" is destined to become income property one day. FIVE YOUNG WOMEN, early 20s, and Elizabeth hover around t collapsible card tables arranged in the living room. Aibileen methodically arranges grapes on a platter of chi salad resting on Elizabeth's dining table. The table has small L-SHAPED CRACK in the middle.
9) 0) text: Elizabeth and Hilly cackle with a group of girls as Missu Walters sits on the couch watching "Guiding Light." Skeeter suddenly rushes through the front door.
9) 13) dialog: Raleigh called his cousin down in Hattiesburg. He'll drive up.
10) 0) text: Aibileen clears the dining table as bridge begins. Hilly, Elizabeth and Skeeter sit with Jolene. Skeeter tak deep breath and belts out her news.
10) 8) dialog: Aibileen? My Aibileen? What can't you just get Constantine to help you? Skeeter looks to her lap and shakes her head.
10) 10) dialog: What?! Oh, my gosh! Skeeter nods her head sadly.
10) 14) dialog: Well...I mean as long as it doesn't interfere with her work. A phone rings. Elizabeth nods to Aibileen.
13) 2) dialog: Who was that on the phone?
13) 4) dialog: I've never called her back, Hilly.
13) 8) dialog: Girl? I heard she's twenty-eight.
13) 16) dialog: Oh, Hilly, I wish you'd just go use the bathroom. 15.
13) 20) dialog: Aibileen, go check on Mae Mobley. Aibileen disappears. Elizabeth leans into Hilly.
13) 21) dialog: Just go use mine and Raleigh's. Hilly hiss-whispers.
13) 23) dialog: 
13) 29) dialog: I can't ask Raleigh until tax season. But, it would be nice.
15) 0) text: Bridge over, Skeeter smokes while watching through a wind as Minny arrives in Hilly's car. Skeeter blows smoke towa Hilly and Elizabeth saying good-bye. 18.
15) 23) dialog: I'm sorry. Did I interrupt something? Skeeter and Aibileen shake their heads. Elizabeth hands Skeeter the papers. Home Help Sanitation Initiative is written on the cover.
15) 24) dialog: Hilly wants this put in the League newsletter. Skeeter nods. 20.
15) 27) dialog: Tomorrow is silver polishing day, so y'all make it quick, okay?
31) 0) text: Soaking wet, Elizabeth and her husband, RALEIGH, 25, stan toe to toe.
31) 2) dialog: It'll confuse Mae Mobley if she sees Aibileen going inside. And we can't risk her health.
31) 5) dialog: Hilly spoke to the Surgeon General! She also said it'll add value to our home!
31) 7) dialog: Honey, Hilly's covering the cost...and said you can just do William's taxes to pay her back.
32) 5) dialog: Aibileen, Mae Mobley's crying her eyes out! Aibileen runs off. Elizabeth sees Skeeter and tries to compose herself.
32) 6) dialog: Skeeter...Hello. I'm sorry but I think it's best if you leave now. Skeeter gathers her things.
32) 7) dialog: And...I don't think this Miss Myrna thing is gonna work out with Aibileen.
38) 5) dialog: Hurry, Aibileen. Mae Mobley's up, and I'm off to the doctor. Aibileen reaches behind and flushes the toilet. Mae Moble gets excited and points to the garage bathroom. 37.
38) 9) dialog: No!
53) 0) text: Hilly stands at a podium banging a gavel. The pleats of h navy blue sailor's number fan out like an accordion. A room full of JUNIOR LEAGUE MEMBERS sits up and quiets d Half the girls are pregnant and most all drink TAB and ar smoking. Skeeter sits in the back next to Elizabeth.
53) 7) dialog: I gave that to you myself!
62) 0) text: Aibileen removes Mae Mobley's wet cloth diaper on a chang table. Mae Mobley's behind is covered with inflamed diape rash. Aibileen shakes her head. Elizabeth enters the room.
62) 1) dialog: I'm off, Aibileen. Don't forget Raleigh wants pot roast tonight. 51.
65) 0) text: Hilly, Elizabeth and Jolene French stand with Hilly's contractor. He unrolls a set of bathroom plans. Hilly and Elizabeth look to Jolene and nod approvingly.
87) 0) text: Aibileen has come along to aid Yule May with Elizabeth's shower. A table is set in the middle of the yard covered in white linens and Hilly's best sliver. Hilly's son sits on her lap. The other girls' children we bathing suits jumping noisily in and out of two plastic k pools. Yule May clears cake plates while Aibileen removes crumbs with a sterling crumb scraper. Mae Mobley wanders up to the table. Her belly almost look distended crammed inside last year's one piece.
87) 2) dialog: She's always hungry. All the women laugh except for Skeeter.
87) 5) dialog: Aibileen, we gave that scraper to Hilly and William for their wedding present. Chantilly!
96) 0) text: Aibileen sits on the kitchen floor next to a bucket. She feverishly scours grease off the baseboards. Elizabeth's car pulls up. Aibileen smiles.
97) 2) dialog: It! Is! Not! Mae Mobley begins to cry. Aibileen watches as Elizabeth h whispers and yanks Mae Mobley hard on the arm.
97) 3) dialog: This is dirty out here! You'll catch diseases. Elizabeth punctuates with three more slaps to her legs.
97) 4) dialog: No! No! No!
98) 14) dialog: Aibileen! Come on! We have to go help Hilly. Now! Come on! Elizabeth runs outside. Aibileen grabs Mae Mobley.
99) 0) text: Elizabeth wobbles briskly up the street holding her pregn belly. Aibileen and Mae Mobley follow. A stream of people walk toward them, laughing. They round a corner to see FIFTY OLD TOILETS, in every sh and color imaginable, littering Hilly's lawn. Some have towering tanks with chain pulls at the top, providing amusement to the procession of cars driving by. The Holbrook's station wagon sits in the driveway, doors still open with LUGGAGE tied to the roof. Two OLD BLACK MEN struggle to remove a toilet under Willi supervision. 79.
113) 9) dialog: 
115) 0) text: Bridge is underway at the Leefolt house. Aibileen enters holding a tray of coffee cups. Elizabeth, Hilly, Jolene and several other girls giggle a they kneel down behind furniture.
115) 2) dialog: Shhh! There's a knock at door.
134) 0) text: Celia approaches Elizabeth and Jolene who talk next to a punch bowl. Celia is now drinking some kind of pink drink with an umbrella sticking out of it.
134) 3) dialog: Hi. Elizabeth's homemade maternity ball gown resembles a velv potato sack cinched with red ribbon.
158) 0) text: Aibileen irons as Elizabeth enters with shopping bags. She races to the television and turns it on. As the tube warms up, we hear the conclusion of a Tide commercial. WLBT's lunchtime show, "People Will Talk," continues.
161) 15) dialog: What's that book called, Aibileen?
162) 0) text: Stacks of "The Help" rest on tables in the store. Elizabeth enters, pick up two copies and pulls them close her body. She races to the register like a teen buying a Playboy.
163) 0) text: Elizabeth and Hilly read the book aloud over the phone wi each other. They stop and nod with speculation.
185) 0) text: Aibileen enters to find Elizabeth and Hilly staring at he Elizabeth is two weeks WAY PAST DUE.
185) 11) dialog: She says she doesn't have them.
185) 16) dialog: I'll go get the couch syrup. Hilly glares at Aibileen as Elizabeth runs down the hall.