4) 0) text: HILLY HOLBROOK, 22, white and hefty, sits on a closed toi seat in a well-appointed bathroom. She's covered in red p and bows and has a round face topped by a perfect beehive
4) 1) dialog: 
4) 5) dialog: Minny! Go get Momma!
5) 9) dialog: Minny, William took Billy out for ice cream. So, hurry back and get Billy down for his nap. No dilly dallying.
7) 4) dialog: Hey, girls! 9.
7) 8) dialog: (over her shoulder) Put Momma in a chair before she breaks a hip.
7) 10) dialog: Aibileen, I want you to have this coat. It's too big for Momma now and it's way too expensive to put in the coat drive. Hilly extends the coat with a smile.
7) 11) dialog: All yours. Aibileen takes the coat.
7) 13) dialog: Go on. Try it on.
8) 0) text: Minny plows through the swing door and reaches for Hilly' deviled eggs. Aibileen rushes in behind her wearing the cheetah collare coat. The sleeves are about a foot too short.
9) 0) text: Elizabeth and Hilly cackle with a group of girls as Missu Walters sits on the couch watching "Guiding Light." Skeeter suddenly rushes through the front door.
9) 9) dialog: About supper club tonight...Honey, Stuart had to cancel.
9) 11) dialog: He can't get off the rig, Skeeter. It's offshore! Stuart is a very successful oil man.
9) 16) dialog: One eye?!
10) 0) text: Aibileen clears the dining table as bridge begins. Hilly, Elizabeth and Skeeter sit with Jolene. Skeeter tak deep breath and belts out her news.
10) 2) dialog: They'd be a fool not to hire you. Jolene raises her glass.
10) 6) dialog: Well, no! But, I bet the poor girls without any help, in South Jackson, read it like the King James. Everyone laughs. Skeeter's forehead crinkles.
10) 11) dialog: I'm so sorry, Skeeter.
13) 5) dialog: She can't take a hint, can she?
13) 7) dialog: That tacky girl Johnny married.
13) 10) dialog: Uh-hmm, worked concessions at a LSU game and sold him a hotdog. And, boy, he got a whole lot more. All the girls laugh.
13) 12) dialog: And live thirty minutes outside of town? Anyway, I ran into her at the beauty parlor, and she had the nerve to ask if she could help with the children's benefit.
13) 14) dialog: Yes, but we're not telling her. Everyone laughs but Skeeter. Aibileen pours Skeeter a cup coffee. Skeeter looks up decidedly and smiles.
13) 18) dialog: Ah-hem. I'm fine. Missus Walters shouts out from the sofa.
13) 22) dialog: If Aibileen uses the guest bathroom, I'm sure she uses yours too.
13) 25) dialog: Wouldn't you rather them take their business outside? Skeeter sees a reflection of Aibileen listening off of a picture in the hall. Skeeter tries to change the subject.
13) 28) dialog: -Tell Raleigh every penny he spends on a colored's bathroom, he'll get back in spades when y'all sell. It's just plain dangerous. Everybody knows they carry different diseases than we do. I double. Elizabeth takes a puff of her cigarette and fidgets with cards.
13) 30) dialog: That's why I've drafted The Home Help Sanitation Initiative. 16.
13) 33) dialog: As a disease preventative bill that requires every white home to have a separate bathroom for the colored help. I've even notified the Surgeon General of Mississippi. I'll pass. Skeeter again glances at Aibileen. Their eyes meet.
13) 35) dialog: You ought not to joke about the colored situation. Hilly leans in toward Skeeter.
13) 36) dialog: I'll do whatever it takes to protect our town. Your lead, Jolene. Jolene suddenly looks to a wall clock. She jumps up and throws her cards to the table.
15) 0) text: Bridge over, Skeeter smokes while watching through a wind as Minny arrives in Hilly's car. Skeeter blows smoke towa Hilly and Elizabeth saying good-bye. 18.
30) 6) dialog: Build it just like the one at my house, right against the garage. The contractor nods. Lightning strikes, thunder cracks.
30) 7) dialog: Oh, mercy! Hilly is off and running with Billy. Skeeter seizes the moment.
33) 0) text: The storm has escalated. The Holbrook house is without power. Hilly runs around lighting candles. Missus Walters lies on the couch while Minny fans her wit newspaper.
33) 2) dialog: That should do it. Minny, go get me and Momma some iced tea. Minny hesitates. She gulps.
33) 4) dialog: Yes.
33) 8) dialog: Oh, for crying out loud. It's just a little rain. She can go get an umbrella up in William's Study!
35) 0) text: Hilly leans into the bathroom door.
35) 1) dialog: MINNYYYY, are you in there?
35) 3) dialog: Are you sitting down? Minny gets up quickly and flushes the toilet. Hilly beats the door.
35) 4) dialog: 
44) 0) text: Minny stands on Hilly's porch holding a chocolate pie.
53) 0) text: Hilly stands at a podium banging a gavel. The pleats of h navy blue sailor's number fan out like an accordion. A room full of JUNIOR LEAGUE MEMBERS sits up and quiets d Half the girls are pregnant and most all drink TAB and ar smoking. Skeeter sits in the back next to Elizabeth.
53) 1) dialog: We're running behind on our "coat drive," girls. So hurry up and clean out those closets...But our Christmas Benefit, however, is right on schedule as y'all have already filled all our baked goods raffle slots. The girls applaud, turning to each other with praise.
53) 2) dialog: Y'all think we can put a dent in the African Children's hunger this year? More applause. Those who aren't pregnant, stand. Hilly beams. Elizabeth nudges Skeeter out of her chair.
53) 3) dialog: Now for some exciting news...I wanted y'all to be the first to know...My William is seeking election to the State Senate this November! Now, even the pregnant women stand. Elizabeth grabs Skeeter's arm and pulls herself up.
53) 4) dialog: He's runnin' on a platform of health. Protecting our children. Protecting our way of life. So, I, with William, have drafted The Home Health Sanitation Initiative. This sets off a room of whispers. 45.
53) 6) dialog: Skeeter, when can we expect to see the initiative in the newsletter? I gave it to you a month ago. Everyone turns to Skeeter. Elizabeth panics.
53) 9) dialog: Would you please stand, Skeeter? As Skeeter rises, several women shake their heads.
54) 0) text: Skeeter turns a corner and sees Hilly leaning on her car.
54) 4) dialog: He's coming! Oh, Skeeter, he's definitely coming this time. This Saturday night.
54) 6) dialog: Don't you dare say that!
54) 9) dialog: It's your time, Skeeter. And damnit, I'm not going to let you miss this just because your mother convinced you you're not good enough for somebody like him.
65) 0) text: Hilly, Elizabeth and Jolene French stand with Hilly's contractor. He unrolls a set of bathroom plans. Hilly and Elizabeth look to Jolene and nod approvingly.
79) 0) text: Hilly, her husband, WILLIAM, and Skeeter's date, STUART WHITWORTH, drink high balls and eat cheese in the Holbroo parlor. Gold swag curtains hang on the windows. Balding and pudgy, only William's family money once made a desirable bachelor. Stuart, on the other hand, is very handsome, the "Marlboro Man" in a well-tailored suit. Yule May (who we met earlier at church with Aibileen) now works for Hilly. She clears empty glasses.
79) 4) dialog: Boys, we'll be right back. Y'all talk about quarterbacks or something. Yule May, get Miss Skeeter a Coca Cola. Yule May runs off. Hilly pulls Skeeter down the hall.
80) 0) text: Skeeter sits on the toilet downing a Coca-Cola. Hilly twi the last of Skeeter's hair into giant rollers.
80) 1) dialog: Skeeter, you don't even have on lipstick! Skeeter dabs her armpits. 62.
80) 4) dialog: Well...What do you think of him? Skeeter applies lipstick. Hilly removes the rollers.
80) 7) dialog: Seven.
80) 9) dialog: Honey, you're beautiful. Just go on out there...you're gonna do great. It's your time, Skeeter. I just know it. Hilly hugs Skeeter.
81) 0) text: Hilly, William, Stuart and Skeeter sit at a round table adorned with white linens, silver and fine china. The room buzzes with Jackson's elite all trying to be not as a JAZZ QUARTET plays softly in a corner. A WAITER approaches. Stuart leans into Skeeter without making eye contact.
81) 7) dialog: "Roll Tide." We still love him. Hilly pinches Stuart on the cheek.
81) 13) dialog: William! The Lieutenant Governor just walked in. Hilly jumps up and pulls William away. The waiter returns with Stuart's drink and the water backs.
82) 0) text: Hilly and William finish shaking hands with the Lieutenan Governor. As he walks away, Hilly shouts out.
82) 1) dialog: We'd love your support on election day! Celia and Johnny walk up. Hilly stiffens.
82) 3) dialog: Thank you, Johnny.
82) 6) dialog: Sweetie, we need to go order our dinners. Celia musters up all the courage inside her.
82) 8) dialog: I did not.
82) 10) dialog: "Save the dates" were mailed weeks ago...You didn't get one? Celia shakes her head.
82) 11) dialog: Mail's a lot slower way out there in the country, huh? 65.
82) 13) dialog: 
83) 3) dialog: What'd we miss?
83) 6) dialog: Who? Is? Hungry? Skeeter stands.
84) 0) text: Hilly and William each have a section of newspaper in the face as Yule May clears breakfast dishes. Yule May linger nervously. 66.
84) 2) dialog: Run on, now, Yule May. Got a big crowd coming for Miss Leefolt's baby shower.
84) 5) dialog: Okay... Only now does William lower his paper.
84) 8) dialog: Go on...
84) 11) dialog: That's not working for free, Yule May. That's paying off a debt.
84) 13) dialog: As a Christian, I'm going to do you a favor. Yule May's eyes widen as a hopeful smile forms. 67.
84) 15) dialog: God doesn't give charity to those who are well and able. You need to come up with this money on your own. You'll thank me one day. Hilly raises the paper up to her face as Yule May exits.
87) 0) text: Aibileen has come along to aid Yule May with Elizabeth's shower. A table is set in the middle of the yard covered in white linens and Hilly's best sliver. Hilly's son sits on her lap. The other girls' children we bathing suits jumping noisily in and out of two plastic k pools. Yule May clears cake plates while Aibileen removes crumbs with a sterling crumb scraper. Mae Mobley wanders up to the table. Her belly almost look distended crammed inside last year's one piece.
87) 7) dialog: Aibileen, are you enjoying your new bathroom over at Elizabeth's? Hilly nods with a tight smile and glances to the ground a Skeeter's red satchel. 70.
87) 9) dialog: Nice to have your own, isn't it?
87) 11) dialog: Separate but equal. That's what Ross Barnett says, and you can't argue with the Governor.
87) 13) dialog: Aibileen, did you know that me and Mister Holbrook arranged for that bathroom? Sent the boys over and the equipment, too. Hilly stays on Aibileen, waiting for her to say something Skeeter fumes, hoping Aibileen doesn't say it.
87) 15) dialog: Well...You. Are. Welcome. Hilly shoots Skeeter a last look. William Jr. leans into Hilly and hugs her.
88) 10) dialog: Is that true, Yule May?
88) 12) dialog: Did you also ask Miss Skeeter if you could borrow money?
88) 14) dialog: Skeeter, I'm starting to think you're intentionally not putting my initiative in the newsletter. Eyes down, Yule May hurries out of the kitchen. 72.
88) 17) dialog: Skeeter...I'm sorry about your mother. And I know you must be so worried. Hilly holds up the Jim Crow booklet.
88) 18) dialog: But I'm worried about you. All this carrying on lately and now you're reading this stuff?
88) 20) dialog: I mean, around your friends is one thing...But, believe it or not, there are real racists in this town! If the wrong person caught you with this...you'd be in serious trouble. Skeeter snatches the booklet from Hilly.
89) 0) text: Skeeter types feverishly while smoking a cigarette. Keys out: "Home Help Sanitation Initiative." Skeeter picks up Hilly's document and shakes her head. Sh types: Don't risk your children's and family's health!
95) 0) text: Stuart and Skeeter make out HARD in the back of the Holbrook's convertible. Hilly and William sit in the fron Hilly peers into the rearview mirror to get a better view Proud of herself, she pats William's leg. William slides his hand up Hilly's leg. She jerks it away
99) 0) text: Elizabeth wobbles briskly up the street holding her pregn belly. Aibileen and Mae Mobley follow. A stream of people walk toward them, laughing. They round a corner to see FIFTY OLD TOILETS, in every sh and color imaginable, littering Hilly's lawn. Some have towering tanks with chain pulls at the top, providing amusement to the procession of cars driving by. The Holbrook's station wagon sits in the driveway, doors still open with LUGGAGE tied to the roof. Two OLD BLACK MEN struggle to remove a toilet under Willi supervision. 79.
99) 3) dialog: Get out of here! Hilly pushes him in the bushes and runs up to Elizabeth.
99) 4) dialog: Skeeter! She put it in the newsletter. I specifically said old coats are to be dropped at my house. Not commodes! Hilly faces the toilets again and screams.
99) 5) dialog: She put it in the newsletter when she knew we'd be down at the beach. Hilly steps up to Aibileen and points to the old men.
99) 6) dialog: Go help those boys GET THOSE
104) 0) text: Stuart, on the deck of an offshore oil rig, laughs as he looks at Hilly's picture inside a local newspaper. He writes on the back of a postcard addressed to Skeeter: I guess you potty trained Hilly! Much love, Stuart.
105) 0) text: Skeeter parks and gets out of her car. She suddenly finds herself face to face with Hilly.
105) 1) dialog: You are sick. Do not speak to me. Do not look at me. Don't say hello to my children. How long had you been planning to humiliate my family?
105) 3) dialog: You thought you were so clever, didn't ya? But I've already installed three of those old toilets in people's garages.
105) 5) dialog: I intend to tell Stuart he's ruining his reputation by associating with you. Jolene's yard boy saw you hanging around the colored bus stop.
105) 8) dialog: I guess your car was in the shop? Skeeter looks away.
105) 9) dialog: You know as well as I do, people won't buy so much as a slice of pound cake from an organization that harbors racial integrationists! Skeeter steps forward.
105) 11) dialog: "The Starving Children of Africa." Skeeter nods and walks away. Hilly shouts out.
105) 12) dialog: Just so you know, Lou Ann Templeton has taken your seat at bridge club.
113) 0) text: Hilly stands at her podium, tan and ready to lead. She ho her gavel like a weapon.
113) 1) dialog: Okay. First order of business. We're updating our newsletter. Hilly stares right at Skeeter who sits alone in the back. 87.
113) 3) dialog: We're adding a fashion column with all the latest trends...Your dresses better be cute at next week's benefit! The women applaud and tap each other on their thighs.
113) 4) dialog: Now it's time to choose a new editor for our new modern monthly. Skeeter braces herself as hands pop up everywhere. Jolene French stands.
113) 6) dialog: Jolene, you're the sweetest thing!
115) 0) text: Bridge is underway at the Leefolt house. Aibileen enters holding a tray of coffee cups. Elizabeth, Hilly, Jolene and several other girls giggle a they kneel down behind furniture.
119) 0) text: Hilly and the usual suspects play bridge at Hilly's house Aibileen pours coffee an earshot away.
119) 1) dialog: Please! A nigra walks in a pawn shop with a ring of such size and clarity. It took'em all of five minutes to figure out where she worked. Hilly leads the girls' nods of acknowledgement.
119) 2) dialog: I knew that girl was a thief the day she started.
126) 0) text: Hilly sits with her son William playing on a blanket on t front lawn. A neighbor suddenly pulls up in his car stopping in front Hilly. He leans out and tells Hilly the tragic news. In complete disbelief, Hilly puts her hand over her mouth She then grabs William, pulls him in close as if he's som in danger.
130) 0) text: We continue with the earlier flashback where Minny arrive Hilly's with her famed chocolate pie. Hilly leads Minny i the kitchen, Missus Walters follows behind. Hilly slices a big piece and grabs a fork. She leans agai the counter and takes a big bite.
130) 1) dialog: Nobody wanted to hire a sass- mouthing, thieving nigra, did they? Minny stands silent as Hilly finishes in three bites.
130) 2) dialog: Pie's as good as always, Minny.
130) 4) dialog: If...I take you back, I'll have to cut your pay five dollars a week. Not expecting this, Minny leans away from Hilly.
130) 6) dialog: What do you put in here that makes it taste so good?
130) 10) dialog: Momma can have a piece. Hilly slides the pie a little too fast down the counter toward Minny. Minny stops it before it falls to the floor
130) 11) dialog: Cut her one. 99.
130) 15) dialog: What did you say?
130) 17) dialog: Have you lost your mind?! Minny moves toward Hilly.
130) 19) dialog: Did what? Missus Walters immediately gets it. She bursts out laughi so hard she has to lower herself to the floor.
133) 0) text: The African Children's Benefit Ball is well underway. The energy and look of the two hundred attendees feel lik throwback to the women's suffrage movement. Many older wo wear heavy long black skirts and jackets. Hilly wears swathes of maroon-colored taffeta. Ruffles clutch her throat. She stands next to Jolene French and a WLBT CAMERAMAN. Dressed to the nines, Jolene raises a microphone and look into the camera.
133) 2) dialog: Thanks, Jolene... Three dozen servers stand in a line. Minny and Aibileen a among them. Tables are covered with items donated for the auction. On the baked goods table, Minny's famed chocolate pie promises to again be a big money maker. Celia and Johnny enter the ballroom. Celia wears a hideou pink and silver sequined gown. As usual, Celia's breasts command attention. The room locks on Celia as specks of light bounce off her dress and jiggle across the ceiling. A TITILLATED OLD HUSBAND tips his martini onto his wife's shoe.
135) 0) text: The guests are now seated at twenty-eight round tables. Scores of black servers dressed in tuxedos ferry plates. Hilly makes her way to the podium.
135) 1) dialog: Everybody enjoying their dinner? The room claps enthusiastically.
135) 2) dialog: 
135) 4) dialog: A cause I'm sure is dear to their hearts as well. Skeeter shakes her head as the less inspired applause die down. Celia waves to Minny and jumps out of her chair.
136) 0) text: As Celia looks at the prize table's bids, Johnny and Stua lean against a bar chatting with a few other bored men. Hilly suddenly slides next to Johnny completely ignoring Stuart.
136) 1) dialog: Why, Johnny Foote. I'm surprised to see you here. Everybody knows you can't stand parties like this. Hilly squeezes the crook of his arm.
136) 3) dialog: Where is that wife of yours? Out selling hotdogs? Johnny looks away.
136) 4) dialog: Oh, you know I'm teasing you. We dated long enough where I can do that, can't I? Johnny walks away leaving Hilly no choice but to acknowle Stuart. She and Stuart never look each other's way.
136) 5) dialog: 
137) 4) dialog: What? I didn't bid on anything. Minny turns to find Hilly smiling at her tightly.
137) 5) dialog: Well, wasn't that sweet. Someone signed me up for that pie.
137) 10) dialog: Let me go! Hilly stands up and pulls away. A ripping sound cuts thro the air. Celia stares at Hilly's torn cuff in her hands.
137) 13) dialog: 
137) 17) dialog: -You liar! Who did you tell?! Jolene loses her place on the list. The room grows quiet Celia is still yelling.
137) 20) dialog: Shut up, Mother. Stuart belts out with a laugh. Skeeter pinches his arm. Celia is mortified. Sweat beads on her forehead.
137) 22) dialog: Johnny would never-
137) 24) dialog: You tell that nigra if she tells anybody, I will make her suffer. Horrified, Skeeter catches eyes with Minny and Aibileen. They all immediately look away. Johnny makes his way over. Celia holds her breath, shakin her head back and forth.
137) 29) dialog: Get that cleaned up before it starts to smell.
139) 0) text: Hilly and William walk to their car. Missus Walters follo closely behind, holding Minny's pie.
139) 1) dialog: Just come on home and stay with us tonight, Mother.
139) 4) dialog: You throw that pie away right now!
139) 6) dialog: You?! You signed me up? Missus Walters steps up to Hilly.
160) 0) text: Hilly watches Jolene on television as her new maid, ERNESTINE, pours a cup of coffee with her right hand. 118.
160) 2) dialog: Why are you frowning, Jolene? Hilly leans over and taps her television.
160) 3) dialog: You don't look cute that way.
161) 13) dialog: Don't cut her off like that.
163) 0) text: Elizabeth and Hilly read the book aloud over the phone wi each other. They stop and nod with speculation.
170) 0) text: Hilly drives in front of Jitney Jingle grocery store. She wears a scarf on her head and big sunglasses. One-armed Ernestine rides in the passenger seat. Hilly slows in front of the store's big glass entrance. S hurriedly waves Ernestine out of the car.
171) 0) text: Hilly reads the book in bed. William is fast asleep. Suddenly, her eyes widen, her breath becomes heavy. She slowly turns a page and freezes. Her face turns white. Hilly balls both fists, looks to the ceiling and screams louder than humanly possible.
174) 0) text: Minny lies in bed sleeping. Her eyes pop open. But, this time, Hilly's scream fades as knocks at the door grow lou Knocking that has actually stirred Minny awake. Sugar and Kindra enter, jumping in bed with Minny.
177) 3) dialog: It's not Jackson, and that book is garbage. I bet the whole thing's made up by some nigra. Aibileen begins pouring coffee into Hilly's cup.
177) 7) dialog: The book is NOT ABOUT JACKSON! Aibileen spills a few drops of coffee on Hilly's plate. H looks up to Aibileen slow and deliberate.
177) 8) dialog: You spilled some, Aibileen. Aibileen takes the cloth from the coffee pitcher handle a dabs the spilled coffee. Aibileen glances at Hilly. A secret burns between them.
177) 9) dialog: Get me a new plate. One you haven't soiled with a dirty cloth.
181) 0) text: Skeeter stands next to the barn smoking a cigarette readi the Harper and Row offer for the hundredth time. Tires crunch gravel down the drive. Skeeter sees a car moving toward her with the headlights off. Worried, Skeeter looks toward her home. Charlotte can be seen in an upstairs window. Skeeter soon recognizes the car as Hilly's. Hilly parks, lights a cigarette and gets out of her car. Skeeter charges toward her.
181) 2) dialog: Don't you get an inch closer! Hilly's a mess. Her shirt is half tucked. Her shorts stra to contain a newly developed layer of fat. A horrible fever blister burns hot on Hilly's upper lip.
181) 3) dialog: I've contacted my lawyer, Hibbie Goodman. He's the best libel attorney in Mississippi. You're in big trouble, Missy. And you're going to jail.
181) 5) dialog: I one-hundred-percent know you wrote it `cause nobody else in town is as tacky as you. Those nigras of yours are in a lifetime of trouble.
181) 8) dialog: I don't, do I? You tell Aibileen, the next time she wants to write about my dear friend Elizabeth...uh- huh. Remember her? Had you in her wedding? Let's just say, Aibileen ought to've been a little bit smarter before putting in the L- shaped crack in poor Elizabeth's dining table. And that nigra, Minny? Do I have plans for her.
181) 10) dialog: That was not me WHO ATE THAT PIE! Hilly storms up the porch steps. Skeeter follows.
181) 12) dialog: I've come to tell your mother what a hippie you've become. She's gonna be disgusted by you. Skeeter can't help but laugh.
181) 16) dialog: Missus Phelan, I'm...I'm here to-
181) 18) dialog: Well, I...I didn't have time to get fixed up before- 132.
181) 22) dialog: Missus Phelan, I'm here-
185) 0) text: Aibileen enters to find Elizabeth and Hilly staring at he Elizabeth is two weeks WAY PAST DUE.
185) 2) dialog: Aibileen, the silver I lent Elizabeth last week.
185) 4) dialog: When you returned it, three pieces were missing out of the felt wrapper. A fork and two spoons. 135.
185) 7) dialog: You know as well as I do that silver's not in the kitchen. Aibileen turns to Elizabeth.
185) 9) dialog: Do you hear her, Elizabeth? She's trying to blame it on a toddler. Elizabeth won't look at Aibileen.
185) 12) dialog: Then it behooves me to inform you that you are fired, Aibileen. And I'll be calling the police. They know me. Mae Mobley enters the room.
185) 15) dialog: Elizabeth can take care of her child. Elizabeth looks to Hilly, appearing somewhat upset with t suggestion.
185) 17) dialog: I won't tolerate liars! Mae Mobley becomes scared and hides behind Aibileen's leg 136.
185) 20) dialog: I'm not talking about silver. I'm talking about those things you wrote about Elizabeth. Maybe I can't send you to jail for what you wrote, but I can send you to jail for being a thief. And your friend, Minny? That nigra's got a nice surprise coming to her. Johnny Foote listens to what I say. She's as good as- Aibileen shouts, interrupting Hilly.
185) 23) dialog: Nobody would believe something you wrote.
185) 25) dialog: Get out of here!
185) 39) dialog: You need to go now, Aibileen! Aibileen rises up from Mae Mobley and turns to Elizabeth.
187) 0) text: Hilly, even fatter now, sifts through the day's mail.