9) 4) dialog: Well, if it isn't Long-Haul- Skeeter. We didn't think you'd ever leave Ole Miss.
10) 0) text: Aibileen clears the dining table as bridge begins. Hilly, Elizabeth and Skeeter sit with Jolene. Skeeter tak deep breath and belts out her news.
10) 3) dialog: To Skeeter...and her job. Last stop `til marriage. Hilly kicks Jolene under the table. 12.
13) 6) dialog: Who's Celia Foote?
13) 9) dialog: Oh my God!
13) 37) dialog: I have to skedaddle! Gotta get over to the station!
27) 2) dialog: Sunny skies and a high of ninety- eight today with ninety-nine percent humidity. There's a slight chance of afternoon showers so y'all carry an umbrella. Jolene pivots to camera, lowers her chin and smiles. Skeeter runs past Pascagoula with a phone and disappears inside the pantry.
65) 0) text: Hilly, Elizabeth and Jolene French stand with Hilly's contractor. He unrolls a set of bathroom plans. Hilly and Elizabeth look to Jolene and nod approvingly.
113) 5) dialog: I nominate Hilly Holbrook. Jolene looks back and snarls at Skeeter.
115) 0) text: Bridge is underway at the Leefolt house. Aibileen enters holding a tray of coffee cups. Elizabeth, Hilly, Jolene and several other girls giggle a they kneel down behind furniture.
133) 0) text: The African Children's Benefit Ball is well underway. The energy and look of the two hundred attendees feel lik throwback to the women's suffrage movement. Many older wo wear heavy long black skirts and jackets. Hilly wears swathes of maroon-colored taffeta. Ruffles clutch her throat. She stands next to Jolene French and a WLBT CAMERAMAN. Dressed to the nines, Jolene raises a microphone and look into the camera.
133) 1) dialog: This is Jolene French reporting from the African Children's Benefit Ball, and I'm here with League President Miss Hilly Holbrook.
134) 0) text: Celia approaches Elizabeth and Jolene who talk next to a punch bowl. Celia is now drinking some kind of pink drink with an umbrella sticking out of it.
134) 5) dialog: Yours too.
134) 7) dialog: Oh, no. You're just perfect. Elizabeth pulls Jolene away. Celia downs her drink.
136) 9) dialog: I've got the list of winners!
137) 0) text: Jolene finishes up the winners list.
137) 1) dialog: I hope you enjoy your new set of tires, Missus Atwell. Now, on to the baked goods. Jolene flips a page. 105.
137) 3) dialog: Oh, yum! Yum! The highest bid in baked goods goes to Minny Jackson's chocolate pie. Congratulations, Hilly Holbrook! The room erupts in applause. Hilly now sits at a table wi her family, Missus Walters, and the Leefolts. Skeeter and Stuart sit at a table full of elderly people don't know. Minny clears dishes nearby. Hearing her name, she becomes very alert.
159) 0) text: Jolene French sits on the set of Jackson's morning show. MALE HOST watches as the show runner counts down.
160) 0) text: Hilly watches Jolene on television as her new maid, ERNESTINE, pours a cup of coffee with her right hand. 118.
161) 3) dialog: It's not Jackson! It's a disgrace to the South! A disgrace to good Southern women who've spent their lives taking care of their help.
161) 6) dialog: I know I personally treat my help like family, and every one of my friends does the same. 119.
161) 11) dialog: Do not buy this book! Ladies of Jackson, do not support slander with your husband's hard earned- Poof! Jolene disappears by way of a Seal-Lily ice cream commercial.
177) 1) dialog: I heard that Betty character might be Charlene. 127.
177) 5) dialog: Well, yes...But that's not odd is it? Happens all the time, right? A sudden realization washes over Jolene.