5) 2) dialog: I'm down! Minny jumps with a yelp, spins around.
5) 5) dialog: Minny, I'm getting my coat. Missus Walters opens the closet.
7) 9) dialog: I'm not deaf yet, Hilly. Minny spies Aibileen in the corner and gives her a "here go" look as she lowers Missus Walters into a chair. Hilly approaches Aibileen with the coat.
13) 19) dialog: She's upset cause the nigra uses the guest bath, and so do we. Elizabeth turns to Aibileen.
33) 0) text: The storm has escalated. The Holbrook house is without power. Hilly runs around lighting candles. Missus Walters lies on the couch while Minny fans her wit newspaper.
33) 1) dialog: You're making it a lot hotter flapping your arm like that. Minny stops and begins squirming with discomfort. Missus Walters notices her looking out to the garage bathroom. Lightning strikes. Leaves blow across the yard. Hilly plo down in a chair with a candle.
33) 7) dialog: You go on ahead and use the guest bath, Minny. It's okay.
33) 9) dialog: I believe she was working for me before you dragged us both here. Minny looks outside just as wind slams an aluminum lawn c against the garage bathroom. Boom! Another crash of thunder. Large hail stones begin falling in the yard.
130) 0) text: We continue with the earlier flashback where Minny arrive Hilly's with her famed chocolate pie. Hilly leads Minny i the kitchen, Missus Walters follows behind. Hilly slices a big piece and grabs a fork. She leans agai the counter and takes a big bite.
130) 20) dialog: Well, Hilly, that's what you get, I guess. And you didn't just eat one. You ate two slices! Hilly starts to hyperventilate as everything sinks in. As Minny leaves, Hilly runs to the sink and throws up.
137) 19) dialog: Oh, shit.
139) 0) text: Hilly and William walk to their car. Missus Walters follo closely behind, holding Minny's pie.
139) 2) dialog: No thanks, I got a pie to eat. Hilly spins around and sees the pie. 108.
139) 5) dialog: I spent good money on this. Won it just for you...
139) 7) dialog: I may have trouble remembering my own name and what country I live in. But there's two things I can't seem to forget. That my own daughter threw me in a nursing home...And that she ate Minny's shit. Missus Walters winks at Hilly and ambles to a waiting tax cab.
165) 0) text: Missus Walters reads to a group of women in the home.