79) 0) text: Hilly, her husband, WILLIAM, and Skeeter's date, STUART WHITWORTH, drink high balls and eat cheese in the Holbroo parlor. Gold swag curtains hang on the windows. Balding and pudgy, only William's family money once made a desirable bachelor. Stuart, on the other hand, is very handsome, the "Marlboro Man" in a well-tailored suit. Yule May (who we met earlier at church with Aibileen) now works for Hilly. She clears empty glasses.
79) 1) dialog: With your daddy's endorsement, I can win that Senate seat. Stuart feigns interest.
81) 0) text: Hilly, William, Stuart and Skeeter sit at a round table adorned with white linens, silver and fine china. The room buzzes with Jackson's elite all trying to be not as a JAZZ QUARTET plays softly in a corner. A WAITER approaches. Stuart leans into Skeeter without making eye contact.
82) 0) text: Hilly and William finish shaking hands with the Lieutenan Governor. As he walks away, Hilly shouts out.
82) 5) dialog: Nice to meet you. Hilly grabs the crook of William's arm.
84) 0) text: Hilly and William each have a section of newspaper in the face as Yule May clears breakfast dishes. Yule May linger nervously. 66.
84) 7) dialog: Well, I'm late. Gotta go. William leaves.
95) 0) text: Stuart and Skeeter make out HARD in the back of the Holbrook's convertible. Hilly and William sit in the fron Hilly peers into the rearview mirror to get a better view Proud of herself, she pats William's leg. William slides his hand up Hilly's leg. She jerks it away
126) 0) text: Hilly sits with her son William playing on a blanket on t front lawn. A neighbor suddenly pulls up in his car stopping in front Hilly. He leans out and tells Hilly the tragic news. In complete disbelief, Hilly puts her hand over her mouth She then grabs William, pulls him in close as if he's som in danger.
139) 0) text: Hilly and William walk to their car. Missus Walters follo closely behind, holding Minny's pie.
171) 0) text: Hilly reads the book in bed. William is fast asleep. Suddenly, her eyes widen, her breath becomes heavy. She slowly turns a page and freezes. Her face turns white. Hilly balls both fists, looks to the ceiling and screams louder than humanly possible.