39) 0) text: Aibileen waits with YULE MAY, 45, as well as other maids black males at a bus stop. Yule May is tall, pretty and graceful. Her hair is pulled tightly into a bun. Skeeter walks down the sidewalk toward them. She and Aibileen catch eyes. Skeeter waves. Yule May inches away from Aibileen. One BLACK MAN in particular looks with concern as Skeeter walks up.
50) 0) text: A congregation of three hundred stand singing lively with large choir. Aibileen stands next to Yule May and is whispering in her ear. Yule suddenly leans back, shocked, shaking her head "no." Minny watches from two pews back. Her curiosity is peaked
79) 0) text: Hilly, her husband, WILLIAM, and Skeeter's date, STUART WHITWORTH, drink high balls and eat cheese in the Holbroo parlor. Gold swag curtains hang on the windows. Balding and pudgy, only William's family money once made a desirable bachelor. Stuart, on the other hand, is very handsome, the "Marlboro Man" in a well-tailored suit. Yule May (who we met earlier at church with Aibileen) now works for Hilly. She clears empty glasses.
84) 0) text: Hilly and William each have a section of newspaper in the face as Yule May clears breakfast dishes. Yule May linger nervously. 66.
84) 3) dialog: Miss Hilly, I would like to ask you and Mister William something. Hilly lowers her paper and nods. Yule May begins wrenchin her hands.
84) 6) dialog: We are short seventy-five dollars on one of the tuitions. William stands up, kisses Hilly on the cheek.
84) 9) dialog: Now...We're faced with having to choose. Which son gets to go...if we don't find all the money. Hilly draws in a deep breath as does Yule May.
84) 12) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
87) 0) text: Aibileen has come along to aid Yule May with Elizabeth's shower. A table is set in the middle of the yard covered in white linens and Hilly's best sliver. Hilly's son sits on her lap. The other girls' children we bathing suits jumping noisily in and out of two plastic k pools. Yule May clears cake plates while Aibileen removes crumbs with a sterling crumb scraper. Mae Mobley wanders up to the table. Her belly almost look distended crammed inside last year's one piece.
88) 0) text: Yule May washes dishes as the women are heard saying thei "good-byes" on the street. Skeeter slips into the kitchen 71.
88) 2) dialog: May I get you something?
88) 5) dialog: I know what you want to ask, Miss Skeeter. Aibileen and Minny already did. Yule May closes the kitchen door.
88) 11) dialog: Yes, Ma'am. Skeeter notices that Hilly is holding the booklet of Jim laws in her hand.
90) 0) text: Yule May vacuums. She pulls the sofa away from the wall t clean beneath it. Noticing something on the floor, Yule May leans over. She rises holding a SMALL RUBY RING. Years of dust and ha blanket the pitiful gem set in ten karat gold. The vacuum seems to roar louder now. Yule May breathes heavily. She shoves the ring into her uniform pocket.