3) 0) text: Sam opens the front door... Standing in the hallway is a pockmarked brunette in a Ger dirndl. The ACTRESS holds a bag of carry-out over her otherwise exposed cleavage. The thirty-something actress is pretty from the right ang the physical traits of someone who's had a brief bout wit meth addiction. Something is just a bit off. (CONTINUED)
3) 3) dialog: Hi. Sam makes a puzzled face - trying to figure out why the actress is wearing a German servant-girl outfit.
3) 5) dialog: It's for a role...
3) 7) dialog: So... weirdly, I have an audition around the corner... and thought you might wanna have lunch together. You like sushi, right? The actress lifts up a large bag of restaurant food.
3) 9) dialog: What's that smell?
3) 13) dialog: Eckkh.
4) 0) text: Sam fucks the actress doggy-style on the bed. He slaps he as hard as he can, keeping an eye on the bedroom televisi He's watching the Wimbledon Finals. A women's match betwe Eastern European and some Swedish model. Hitting her stride, the actress grunts louder and with mo force than the tennis queens on tv. A framed and signed poster of Kurt Cobain hangs over Sam' bed. It's the famous black and white close up from his Ro Stone cover.
4) 1) dialog: I love your poster. Still grinding her ass against Sam, the actress stares up Kurt Cobain.
4) 3) dialog: Wow. Is that signed?
4) 5) dialog: That's still really cool. Sam leans forward and grabs the actress' jaw in his hand, twisting her face towards his. They kiss and make-out on bed. Connected like insects. Suddenly, the tennis match is interrupted by a news break stylish woman stands with her microphone below some enorm gated mansion in the hills of Los Angeles. The graphic chyron below her reads: "Billionaire Mogul Missing!" (CONTINUED)
5) 0) text: Sam and the actress lay naked in bed next to each other, cooling off. The neighbor's parrot shouts loudly.
5) 1) dialog: What is that? The actress fans herself, blowing cool air onto her chest neck. She's still in her German dirndl tights.
5) 3) dialog: Oh.
5) 4) dialog: What's it saying?
5) 8) dialog: Not a friend?
5) 13) dialog: Why this one?
5) 15) dialog: Oh. Did you steal it?
5) 17) dialog: She's pretty.
5) 19) dialog: The first thing I ever masturbated to was probably a rerun of Charles in Charge. Sam chuckles. A big grin. The actress laughs along with h
5) 21) dialog: Yeah. The actress looks over and sees some papers, previously covered by the pornography. She grabs the handwritten she and stares at the complicated lines of text and numbers.
5) 22) dialog: What is this? Sam grabs the papers from her... very embarrassed to shar
5) 26) dialog: What is it?
5) 28) dialog: Ok. Sam stuffs the papers underneath an old Playboy from the 1980's. He stands and puts on his underwear. Rock music is heard. Sam peeks outside through the cheap blinds. Looking for the source. He sees Sarah walking away down the garden path with her her stereo blasting. A trail of wet footsteps behind her The bird shouts again.
5) 31) dialog: Rotterdam?
5) 33) dialog: What are you looking at?
36) 0) text: Open tin cans sit on the bathroom sink. Inside the tub is soaking in tomato juice - scrubbing the skunk scent from body. The actress is on the floor, wearing a slutty nurse outfi and plugging her nose. She reads out loud to Sam - a page from "Under the Silver Lake".
36) 1) dialog: (reading) Who is the Owl's Kiss? The actress turns the zine around and shows Sam the pictu accompanying the typewriter essay. It's a cartoon depicti a naked woman in an owl skin mask with a large tuft of pu hair between her legs.
36) 2) dialog: According to this picture it's a naked lady with an unshaven bush. (CONTINUED)
36) 6) dialog: (reading) The Owl's Kiss is a lost legend of folklore. Just as terrifying as the Wolfman or Frankenstein's Monster. She is a woman who arrives in the night, through windows and locked doors, naked except for her mask of taxidermied owl skin. She seduces men and women alike, killing them in their sleep. This beautiful spectre is responsible for dozens of deaths within the Los Angeles basin, though she has yet to be mentioned by mainstream media. Theories abound as to her motives. This author believes she may be a member of a longstanding American cult with origins in trade and finance. It's the unlucky soul who finds himself the recipient of an owl's kiss. The actress raises her brow and tosses the zine on top of toilet.
36) 7) dialog: What a bunch'a horse shit. Sam nods out of respect as the young woman rests her back against the sink. White nylon legs sprawled unshyly over floor.
36) 8) dialog: I can't believe Jefferson Sevence is dead. Sam listens, scrubbing his face with soap and tomato juic dunks his head into the bath once or twice. Rinsing his h
36) 9) dialog: Every year more and more celebrities and people I grew up with keep dying. Dick Clark... Elizabeth Taylor... Johnny Carson. (CONTINUED)
36) 13) dialog: I remember hearing my aunt talking about that feeling - realizing how quick it all goes. It's one of those things you don't understand until you're in it.
36) 15) dialog: You? Sam shakes his head. Not yet.
36) 17) dialog: Hey, what were those pages on your nightstand? The ones with all the scribbles?
36) 19) dialog: No. Tell me. I wanna know.
36) 21) dialog: No I won't. You've seen me doing my chants and my prep work. I don't care if it's weird.
36) 25) dialog: Sure.
36) 32) dialog: A little.
36) 34) dialog: Like good restaurants, maybe. Frustrated, Sam splashes tomato juice over his chest. He exhales deeply.
36) 35) dialog: Don't take this the wrong way, but you smell so bad. I think I'm gonna get going. The actress starts to stand up. Stretching.
36) 37) dialog: I'll be back when the smell goes away. The young woman walks out of the bathroom, leaving Sam al