33) 11) dialog: I guess so.
33) 13) dialog: What are you doing? Keepin' busy with work?
33) 15) dialog: Yeah you know... workin'. Mostly, thinkin' about things. How does the world work? Why are we swimming on rooftops when there's an ocean right over there. (CONTINUED)
33) 19) dialog: Nobody does. Allen grins, nodding and patting Sam on the shoulder a fe more times.
33) 21) dialog: No, but I'm looking forward to meeting ‘em.
33) 23) dialog: Hey! I like the dress. The girl smiles and tips her chin in flirtatious recognit
33) 27) dialog: I think so. (CONTINUED)
33) 31) dialog: Not a very classy move.
33) 34) dialog: Yeah. I'd love to.
33) 37) dialog: Thanks. The Meek Bride offers a half-grin then turns to deliver m VIP treats to the crowd. She repeats her pitch. (CONTINUED)
33) 42) dialog: What?
33) 46) dialog: He's dead?
53) 13) dialog: Work is good. Floatin' along. You know.
53) 16) dialog: You find those girls you were lookin' for?
53) 18) dialog: I'll keep an eye out. Three hot girls in a rabbit. Sam smiles and nods. He passes some cash to the bartender sips his drink. (CONTINUED)
53) 22) dialog: That's kind of everyday, right?
53) 24) dialog: Last week, this girl I hooked up with... she was fucked up out of her mind... said some weird stuff about Jesus and the Brides.
53) 26) dialog: That there's a message in the music. Allen grins, tapping his finger on the record in Sam's ha Sam glances at the sleeve. Jesus and the Brides pose toge like a post-modern perfume ad.
53) 28) dialog: Uh huh.
53) 30) dialog: I don't have a clue, man.
53) 32) dialog: Just one of the many. You know.
53) 36) dialog: Crazy makes for good sex. Remember that. Allen looks Sam in the eye, smiles and pats him on the shoulder. He notices a group of mustachioed muscular men in mesh sh passing by. Allen waves and smiles, stepping away from Sa engage his friends in a series of complicated hand shakes man hugs. Sam watches Allen disappear into the crowd.
90) 2) dialog: (over the phone) Hey sir. How are you?
90) 6) dialog: (over the phone) I'm the wrong guy to ask
90) 8) dialog: (over the phone) No, I know. I'm just fucking with you. What are you doing right now?
90) 10) dialog: (over the phone) You play chess?
90) 12) dialog: (over the phone) That'11 work. I'll be outside your place in ten minutes. A dog BARKS loudly from behind a fence. Sam steps quickly - eyes darting around the serene neighborhood.
91) 0) text: Still in the same clothes, looking sweaty and terrible, S sits in the passenger seat of Allen's beat-up Ford Focus. Allen turns the car, driving into a rich neighborhood off Hillhurst.
91) 1) dialog: He's just some cable tv actor who likes to have people around... throws these chess parties... with hot chicks and guys who like to play chess. Allen pulls up in front of a modest white mansion near th Greek Theater.
92) 0) text: A BATHING BEAUTY leads Sam and Allen through the large backyard to a small chess table near the pool. (CONTINUED)
92) 3) dialog: That's a terrible move. Sam grabs a mimosa from a passing waitress. He sips the d as he scans the yard. Allen stares down at the board, deb and analyzing. Sam sees the Shooting Star girls, both #1 and #2, seated alongside a chess table with two handsome young men. Looking further, he sees Meek Bride and Reading Glasses B sitting Indian-style on the grass - a checkered board and cheese plate between them. In their lace gowns, they are polished bohemian perfection. Then... Sam spots Jesus at a small chess table, engaged i game with the third and last of the Brides - Clara Bow Br Jesus is ever-shirtless. Eternally handsome and miraculou thin. Sam stares for a moment. Debating his next move. Sam notices a RED BALLOON floating over the pool past his view. It's connected to a long ribbon tied to the wrist o Balloon Girl. She's sitting on the far side of the pool, playing a game of chess with Emerald Beauty. Sam waves to Balloon Girl and she smiles in his direction quickly turns her attention back to the game. Allen moves his Knight to F3, nodding to himself, but sti debating his choice. Sam watches as Jesus stands from his chair and walks towa the main house. A lanky and sexual strut. Sam takes a gulp from his mimosa and sets it on the table moving his Knight forward to C6.
92) 7) dialog: You sure you wanna do that?