53) 39) dialog: You saw that?
53) 41) dialog: Would you buy me one?
53) 44) dialog: Thanks. (CONTINUED)
53) 48) dialog: Yeah. Sam shows Balloon Girl his photo of Sarah, setting it dow the bar.
53) 50) dialog: Sarah.
53) 52) dialog: Come with me. Balloon Girl grabs Sam's hand and pulls him through the c
53) 54) dialog: The basement.
54) 0) text: Balloon Girl hops down the stone steps, dragging Sam behi her.
54) 1) dialog: It's "old music night" at the crypt club. She reaches a thick wooden door and knocks hard against i tiny slot opens, revealing a peering eye.
54) 5) dialog: Tricycle Bicycle. The door opens and Balloon Girl pulls Sam into the dark r
55) 0) text: Cigarette smoke fills the cavernous crypt club. Rough sto walls, curtained booths, and tombstone tables surround th dance floor. Music thumps as the crowd hops and sways to a classic pop tune. Something recognizable from the 1990's. Sam and Balloon Girl are sitting together at one of the t - their drinks and elbows resting on a perfect replica of Jayne Mansfield's tombstone. The pair share a cigarette - taking turns with their drag They shout over the painfully loud music. Conversing!
55) 1) dialog: (looking at Sarah's photo) I didn't know her very well, but she was around! I saw her at parties and shows and stuff! I don't know what happened to her, but I can tell you it didn't have anything to do with my friends! We're just enjoying our world, enjoying our bodies, enjoying our music... ! Sam holds up his 45 record, displaying the cover of Jesus the Brides. He points to it as he talks.
55) 3) dialog: I'm pretty sure that's not true! Jesus wouldn't hide a message in a message! Sam says nothing as he nods. He takes a drag of his cigar Ballon girl slides the photo across the table to him.
55) 4) dialog: There's nothing to solve, you know?! It's silly to put so much energy into something that doesn't matter! (CONTINUED)
55) 7) dialog: We have this tiny window where we can have fun and fuck and and be free... ! Tying it off with her fingers, the girl raises up the inf balloon and moves her cigarette closer and closer to it.
55) 8) dialog: Life is too short, right?! Balloon Girl presses the cigarette against the rubber, po the balloon in her hand. She smiles to Sam. Sam takes a gulp of his drink, eyeing Balloon Girl with curiosity. A powerful and loud power chord blasts from the club's speakers. It's REM's "What's the Frequency Kenneth".
55) 10) dialog: I don't know this song!
55) 16) dialog: We should fuck!
55) 18) dialog: What's wrong?!
55) 20) dialog: How much of the cookie did you eat?!
55) 22) dialog: Shit!
57) 0) text: Sam walks out of the bathroom - dizzy. He holds his head nauseous and pale - as he scans the crowd. His table is e Balloon Girl is gone.
95) 0) text: Near the bath house, Balloon Girl is chatting with Shooti Stars #1 and #2 - all dressed in their cute bathing suits matching shawls. The girls notice Sam approaching fast. H appears hyper-focused and disheveled. Sam grabs Shooting Star #1 by the arm and pulls her aside Balloon Girl and Shooting Star #2 hover nearby - concerne (CONTINUED)
96) 2) dialog: We're roommates...
96) 7) dialog: Yeah.
96) 9) dialog: I was on a soap opera between the ages of 5 and 6 months. (CONTINUED)
97) 0) text: Sam and the girls stand before a giant stone wall lining long stretch of some unmarked canyon road. They hug and s their goodbyes. Walking away, Balloon Girl waves to Sam as he begins to c the wall.