20) 0) text: Sam drinks whiskey in the dark bar. Sunlight occasionally across the shadows, as patrons enter or exit. A heavy man, with a half-bald head, shifts on his stool. 43-year-old BAR BUDDY gulps his beer and rubs his ear in contemplation.
20) 2) dialog: Yeah. It's kinda weird. I don't know. What do ya do?
20) 11) dialog: Maybe she left a clue?
20) 13) dialog: The girl. If something bad happened, there might be... evidence. Blood on the carpet. I don't know. Sam shrugs... Sure, evidence. Why not? He takes a big swi whiskey.
48) 0) text: Sam walks up the sidewalk and sees Bar Buddy smoking and drinking on his porch. Seeing Sam, he waves and approache meeting in the driveway.
48) 1) dialog: Where's your car?
48) 3) dialog: That's what you get for driving that cockmobile.
48) 5) dialog: I like my cock. I don't have to compensate for it. Sam ignores his friend, shaking his head.
48) 7) dialog: Yeah they found him dead in his car last night. With three prostitutes and a dog.
48) 9) dialog: Fuck. I'm sorry, man.
48) 11) dialog: You liked her though.
48) 15) dialog: So what are you gonna do now?
48) 17) dialog: Isn't that a little... serious?
48) 19) dialog: I don't know. The two men chuckle to one another. Bar Buddy changes the subject.
48) 20) dialog: Wanna see something cool?
48) 22) dialog: You gotta check out my drone. Bar Buddy points his thumb towards the backyard.
49) 0) text: A medium-sized DRONE rises up from the center of the back Silent like some future monster. Its rotors spin. The black quadcopter houses a state of the art camera sys The two men sit on the grass, in front of a laptop - whic rests on a cheap folding chair. Their heads are tilted cl Beers in hand. Sam watches the drone hover and soar through the neighbor Disappearing into the black sky. Bar Buddy operates the controls from his laptop - pilotin drone.
49) 4) dialog: I got it on amazon.
49) 6) dialog: Leave him alone, Pogo. Come here. Pogo steps away. Bar Buddy rubs the dog's head, petting h fondly. Sam relaxes.
49) 7) dialog: Look at that. Silverlake from above. The drone soars over Los Angeles. Transmitting a blur of lights, houses, cars and streets. Bar Buddy sniffs the air. Something is afoul. He smells P fur.
49) 8) dialog: Jesus, what's that smell?
49) 10) dialog: Oh. Bar Buddy accepts the fact with a casual nod. He taps some buttons, watching the drone's camera-relay n to the computer's mapping system. The drone settles in place. Bar Buddy focuses the camera on a large window overlookin canyon - some modern home in the hills.
49) 11) dialog: Ok. This is a good one. I've been scouting houses and I think this chick used to be in lingerie commercials. Amazing body. (CONTINUED)
49) 14) dialog: Gotta be patient. Bar Buddy taps the edge of the chair in anticipation.
49) 16) dialog: You're fine.
49) 18) dialog: Shit. Everybody thinks that, but the world can't support it. Somebody has to sweep the floor. This fucked up idea that life owes us a god damn good story is a bunch of crap. We're not all special and we're certainly not equal. That's the biggest lie ever Bar Buddy looks at Sam - sees his beaten expression. Understands it. He puts his hand on Sam's shoulder.
49) 19) dialog: Everyone thinks they're going to be famous. Narcissism and entitlement
49) 21) dialog: It feels like there's something darker under the surface. Waiting to come out. Do you ever feel like that?
49) 25) dialog: Probably. Bar Buddy smiles and starts to laugh.
49) 26) dialog: Who isn't being followed nowadays? Sam laughs along with his friend.
49) 28) dialog: It's the modern persecution complex. Who needs witches and werewolves anymore, now that we have computers? Everyone is suffering from mild paranoia. I don't think our fuckin' monkey brains are comfortable knowing that they're interlinked and routed together like some all knowing human brain. This shit causes delusion and fear, but we don't see it because we're too busy playing "Angry Birds".
49) 30) dialog: Persecution Complex is just the opposite side of the spectrum from the Privilege Complex. It's basically the dark mirror of our dreams and aspirations. You think you're special and that secrets and blessings have been planted in the world for you. The schizophrenic thinks that people are out to get them and that there's a hidden and dangerous world below the surface. These two paths are more similar than anyone wants to admit. Persecution complex is the modern plague. It's the universe balancing things out. Two nearly middle-aged men in undersized t-shirts sitting the grass in a dark backyard drinking beer and huddling b a small monitor... Sam leans in towards the screen - taking note of the empt room. (CONTINUED)
49) 34) dialog: Everyone on the planet thinks that they're somehow the "chosen one". But they're also afraid the world might be out to get 'em. It's the nature of things anymore. It's modern technology, it's saturation of pop culture, it's living in a world where ten years olds can become singing superstars from their bedrooms.
49) 36) dialog: No way. Who cares if five or ten people catch a break? That's like winning a golden ticket into Wonka- land. It's appeasement. It's fantasy. It's the stuff dreams are made of On the screen, they see a CHESTY WOMAN walk into the room takes her shirt off, revealing her bra. They watch in sil as she sits down in a chair and starts to cry.
49) 38) text: Bar Buddy moves the controller, turning the drone's camer away from the sad woman's window.
49) 40) dialog: Be careful out there. Sam leaves.
62) 0) text: Sam and Bar Buddy sit in front of the television playing Mario Bros on the 8-bit Nintendo. Sam is flipping through stack of old Nintendo Power Magazines - reading about che and tips. They are eating a fresh pizza from Tomato Pie.
62) 1) dialog: I know that book. Bar Buddy points at Sam's "Code-Breakers" book sitting ne the old lyric-covered pizza box.
62) 4) dialog: An entire generation of men obsessed with video games, secret codes, and space aliens. Bar Buddy's Luigi is hit by a twirling hammer
62) 6) dialog: We crave mystery, because there isn't any left. (CONTINUED)
62) 9) dialog: There's nothing that hasn't been explained away or solved by people and machines smarter than we'll ever be. Sam continues playing, making a complicated series of jum
62) 10) dialog: Listen, a hundred years ago, any idiot could wander into the woods and look behind a rock and find something new... but not now. Mario hits a hidden block. A fire flower grows from withi
62) 11) dialog: Where is the thing that's never been seen? The mystery that makes it all worth while? Sam controls his character, destroying several Goombas an Piranha Plant with his fireballs.
62) 12) dialog: Why do you think so many of us are out looking for the fucking Loch Ness monster? Aliens? Bigfoot? We don't want to accept that we're useless. Even though we are. Modern Man needs mystery. We need to believe that there's something worth finding. On screen, Sam's Mario sinks down into a secret green sew pipe - accompanied by a sound effect - the sound of disco
62) 14) dialog: Yup. Up-up-down-down- left-right -left- right-B-A. That's our mantra. How do we get ahead? What's the cheat code? Where's my monogrammed secret treasure? Bar Buddy chuckles to himself. Sam smiles.
62) 15) dialog: Any luck finding out who killed Sarah? (CONTINUED)