73) 0) text: Sam rests against the statue. His head is slumped to the The horizon is now a purple and orange swathe of cotton. The courtyard is nearly empty. From the hillside, Sam notices a dirty old homeless man walking toward him. The HOMELESS KING stops in front of S and looks down. (CONTINUED)
73) 3) dialog: I saw you rubbing the statue's head.
73) 5) dialog: Put that over your eyes and I'll bring you where you're looking to go.
73) 7) dialog: I'm the Homeless King.
73) 9) dialog: Yes. We watch from a distance as Sam ties the blindfold over h eyes. The Homeless King offers an arm, helping him stand. two men make their way slowly toward the trails, arm in a
74) 0) text: The Homeless King leads Sam down the hillside. Sam walks tentatively, still blindfolded by the dirty rag.
74) 2) dialog: Just concentrate on walking, ok?
75) 0) text: Moving through a patch of large trees, the Homeless King guides Sam over the grass. (CONTINUED)
75) 3) dialog: Some people don't realize this about themselves, but... you don't have a good smell about you. Did you know that?
76) 0) text: A family wraps up their food from a nearby picnic table. site of a child's birthday party. A few balloons, tied to a bucket, drift in the evening br No one pays any attention to the blindfolded man and his bitten guide. The Homeless King leads Sam past a tipped-over trash can. small coyote digs through the waste - his nose sifting th old hot dog buns and Zesty Taco Doritos. Sam hears the animal howling nearby.
76) 2) dialog: It's a coyote.
76) 4) dialog: No. Coyotes are blessed creatures. If you ever find yourself alone with a coyote, you don't run away... you follow it and see where it takes you. Sam says nothing. They continue to walk.
77) 0) text: The Homeless King turns a lever, opening a rusty metal ha (CONTINUED)
77) 3) dialog: People think that we own this land. The streets, and yards and hills and the houses and the caves... He guides Sam into the dark passage.
78) 0) text: The Homeless King stands behind Sam, leading him deeper.
78) 1) dialog: Everything belongs to the coyotes. They're just letting us use it. The Homeless King pulls the blindfold off of Sam's face. Sam looks around. He's standing inside a dim stone corrid narrow tunnel descends deep into darkness. Behind the homeless guide, Sam sees a patch of evening li pouring in from the small hatch. The forest is beyond.
78) 3) dialog: You know I can't tell you that.
78) 5) dialog: Ok. Well... The Homeless King extends his arm out, suggesting that Sa begin his descent.
121) 135) dialog: We smelled you.
122) 0) text: Sam opens his eyes. He's chained to a chair in a small concrete room. No windows. Very dark. The homeless king stands before him - blocking the stone doorway. Sam takes a breath.
122) 2) dialog: They're waking up right now. In their ascension chamber.
122) 4) dialog: Do you know what you did wrong? Sam opens his eyes completely, looking up at his accuser
122) 6) dialog: We found these in your pocket. Sam says nothing. The Homeless King shuffles the biscuits in his hand and considers their importance.
122) 7) dialog: Why do you have dog biscuits in your pocket? Sam stares at the dirty man with deep anger.
122) 11) dialog: When was that?
122) 13) dialog: Did she stop loving you?
122) 15) dialog: Why do you have dog biscuits in your pocket? Sam doesn't answer. He stares back defiantly - angry - resentful.
122) 17) dialog: You can go now.
122) 19) dialog: Yeah.
122) 21) dialog: I don't think so... we might. I'm not sure yet. Obviously don't mention any of this to anyone. (CONTINUED)
122) 25) dialog: Ok. Well... Goodbye.