2) 27) text: Coca-Cola! Come on, you little soda pop. It's swimming time. Sam leans forward and looks down through the trees. He se young woman in a bikini, SARAH, walking along the garden a portable sound system in hand. The music is louder and clearer now. It's the latest hit "Tongue & Teeth" by the indie-rock band Jesus and the Bri of Dracula. Holding the gate open, Sarah waits as her little dog, COC COLA, follows her inside. A small bell on its collar ring dings as it scampers along the hot concrete. Sarah's face is half covered by a white and frilly Easter style hat. Colored straw and soft pink ribbons. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Warping sounds and scrambled music surround us... Sam sits on the floor, listening. A bag of Trader Joe's f veggies on his head. An old hardcover version of "The Cod Breakers" sits nearby. The turntable plays the Jesus and the Brides of Dracula 4 record backwards. Strange sounds emanate from the speaker Demonic? Certainly odd. No words or messages. Sam listens. Staring at the speakers across from him.
66) 0) text: Sam sits on his balcony with his Martin acoustic guitar. strums a few familiar chords, then glances down at the ly covered pizza box. Sam takes his sharpie and scribbles the chord-names above lyrics. It's the music for "Turning Teeth" by Jesus and the Bride Dracula. Across the courtyard, Topless Bird Woman washes her patio with windex. Her parrot caws loudly.
70) 0) text: Sitting on the carpet, with the guitar in his lap, Sam li up the 45 record sleeve. He looks at Jesus and the Brides then turns it over, examining the track listing and liner notes. Sam looks at the first number on his box. It's the number He looks back at the liner notes. Starting from the first letter of the first word, Sam counts forward three letter ends up on the letter R. Sam writes this down on the box.
84) 0) text: Sam's hand rises up from between the metal floor grates. cartons and frosted dairy racks litter the chilled cooler Sam lifts the grate up and sets it aside on the tile. He climbs out of the tight crawl-space and looks around. It's a supermarket. Fucking Gelson's. Sam laughs to himse Muzak plays from the store speakers: a softened, instrume version of Jesus and the Bride's of Dracula's hit single. Sam puts the floor grate back in place, and snatches a bo of milk. Exhausted and thirsty, he takes a big drink
93) 0) text: Sam watches Jesus step into the rear bathroom. He closes old mahogany door. Sam walks straight down the hall, opens the door and step inside.
94) 0) text: Jesus is on the toilet with his pants around his ankles. looks up at Sam.
94) 1) dialog: What the fuck man?! I'm takin' a shit! Sam says nothing. He closes the door and grabs the skinny by the neck, pushing him onto the floor.
94) 2) dialog: Get the fuck off me! Sam punches Jesus in the stomach, silencing him quickly. man gasps for air as Sam hovers over him - fists shaking.
94) 4) dialog: What are you talking about? Two men in a strange position on the bathroom rug.
94) 6) dialog: what? Sam punches Jesus in the face. Jesus almost starts to cry exhaling in rough shakes and fits. (CONTINUED)
94) 9) dialog: Why are you hitting me? Sam pushes his finger in the emaciated rock star's face.
94) 11) dialog: Help. Sam grabs his thin arm and bends it backwards, twisting i the elbow.
94) 13) dialog: I don't know anything about a code. Sam twists harder.
94) 14) dialog: Ahhhhhhh.
94) 16) dialog: No. I didn't. I wrote most of the songs, but not that one.
94) 18) dialog: Honestly. My label gave me a few songs to record... the rest are all mine.
94) 20) dialog: Turning Teeth... Wire Mountains... and Waltz of the Christian Shit Farmers. (CONTINUED)
94) 25) dialog: There's no reason to belittle me, man. Sam ignores his reply, twisting him arm back a bit more.
94) 26) dialog: Ahhhhhhh.
94) 28) dialog: They were delivered anonymously. I got a call from somebody at the label. They weren't bullshitting. They knew everybody and everything that mattered. They said not to ask anyone about it, but that I needed to record the songs or I'd lose my contract. I believed him.
94) 30) dialog: He never gave me a name. No. He just said that it was an important piece of music by the songwriter.
94) 32) dialog: Yeah. The songwriter. Sam considers this for a moment. Jesus stares up at him w tears on his face - his mascara streaking down over his c
102) 0) text: 105 The gas lamps that line the garden walkway offer dim pool orange light. Sam walks slowly through the apartment comp twisting paths. The trickle of running water through the stream follows h footsteps. Sam sips an iced latte, carrying an LA Weekly under his a Jesus and the Brides of Dracula pose on the cover. The partially obscured headline reads:
123) 0) text: Sam emerges in the parking lot of the 76 gas station near Hillhurst and Los Feliz. The street is bustling. The sun peeks through the clouds. Music zips past Sam as cars race by in both directions. L Gaga. Neil Diamond. David Bowie. Cher. Jesus and the Brid Dracula. Just pieces. Fragmented and warped together by the dopple effect. All songs become one singular melody... I'm pickin' up good vibrations She givin' me excitations Good good good gooooood Vibraazzzgwuqhewuwjhhajasodasdkasdasda! !!! Sam walks along the busy road of Los Feliz. Cars race by. Loudly. Sam is in a daze.