63) 0) text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around hi He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA weekly. Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their ey appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding betwe photograph and a man. Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images... A naked Penny Baker from 1984... A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970... A modern supermodel in a purple bra... A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans... Sarah in her white hat... Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People A giant breasted porn star... Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of th Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper. Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex c Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the sm faces of several pretty young women. Different than the average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls' faces. He's seen these girls before. Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie. Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. I reads: Shooting Star Escorts Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight! (CONTINUED)
109) 0) text: The coyote runs up the DRIVEWAY of a LARGE SILVERLAKE HOM disappears into the trees. Sam stands in front of the house and looks through the fr window. People are everywhere. A big party is taking plac Music pours from inside. Sam notices a familiar face in profile through the pictur window. It is Millicent Sevence. She disappears into the crowd.
110) 0) text: Sam walks through the party in his damp white undershirt. scans the crowd for Millicent. He passes a myriad of conversations. We hear only pieces them. Sam moves deeper, bumping shoulders as he cranes his neck trying to look above it all.
111) 0) text: Millicent stands before a beautiful flower painting. She focuses on it. Sam steps alongside her and admires the petunia painting tandem.
111) 1) dialog: It's beautiful, right?
111) 3) dialog: Do you know who painted it?
111) 5) dialog: Gaynor. Janet Gaynor. The actress. Sam looks back at Millicent with a bright expression. (CONTINUED)
111) 9) dialog: I like her too. Sam nods and smiles.
111) 10) dialog: You know who I am?
111) 13) dialog: Oh.
111) 15) dialog: Really?
111) 17) dialog: Do you know anything?
112) 0) text: The WATER within the RESERVOIR is calm, reflecting the mo glow. A few ducks quack and drift along as herons fly overhead. Sam and Millicent walk together along the outer fence tha surrounds the giant water reserve.
112) 1) dialog: What do you think it all means?
112) 5) dialog: I don't know if we should be walking around here at night.
112) 7) dialog: Yeah, but anybody who could kill a dog wouldn't think twice about killing a person.
112) 9) dialog: Are you a dog or a cat person?
112) 13) dialog: That's terrible. I like dogs... but cats are good too.
112) 24) dialog: You mean ghosts?
112) 26) dialog: Maybe just give 'em a dollar next time? Sam takes a breath and looks back - still angry about the encounter. Millicent says nothing, smiling in response to Sam's overreaction. She looks towards the reservoir
112) 27) dialog: Have you ever been in there? Millicent points to the serene water beyond the fence.
112) 29) dialog: Yeah.
112) 33) dialog: Come on.
113) 0) text: Standing at the edge of the concrete water basin, Millice and Sam take off their clothes. Now in the water, the pair swim toward the center of the reservoir. Quietly. Knowing glances between them. Naked b just below the surface. House lights are visible against the hillside landscape a them. A dark sea in the backyards of people's homes. This is sacred territory and they both feel it. Treading water in the middle of the reservoir, Sam and Millicent face each other - occasionally looking up and o at the dark hills which cup them like hands holding bath water. The night sky, the stars and the moon settle along the su of the lake. Millicent moves in. Closer to Sam. She nuzzles her cheek against his neck. Hands touching skin under the water. She kisses his ear. Whispering very close and quiet...
113) 1) dialog: (whispering) I think someone is following me.
113) 3) dialog: (whispering) I wanted it to look like we're here to screw.
113) 7) dialog: (whsipering) I found something hidden in my dad's office. Under the water, Millicent pulls a silver bracelet off he wrist and slips it onto Sam's arm. He raises his forearm along the surface of the water and stares at the circular band. It looks like Sarah's bracel inscriptions of small letters and numbers etched within t silver. NPM 1 35 to 37 - C3 to E6 Sam focuses on the inscription.
113) 9) dialog: He did. Pop! Water splashes in front of them. A bullet hitting the wat silenced shot from the dark shore.