2) 5) dialog: Hi honey. How are you? The half-naked bird woman pets her parrot lovingly. Sam cradles his cell phone against his ear - watching. (CONTINUED)
2) 8) dialog: Good. Good. Are you at work? The bird woman scratches her ass - unaware that she's bei checked out.
2) 10) dialog: Ok. Well I don't wanna keep you but I hadn't heard from you in a bit...
2) 12) dialog: Ok. I'm glad to hear that.
2) 14) dialog: Oh, I wanted to tell you... Seventh Heaven is playing on TCM tonight.
2) 16) dialog: Oh shoot, that's too bad. It's a great Janet Gaynor movie from 1927.
2) 18) dialog: Janet Gaynor? Yes, since I was a little girl. I've always admired her So talented and beautiful. Sam sighs staring out at the empty balconies and windows. (CONTINUED)
2) 21) dialog: Ok. I'm giving you a big hug over the phone.
2) 23) dialog: I love you. Have a good week.
2) 25) dialog: Bye. Sam coughs and drops his cigarette into a cloudy yellow E bottle. Reflections of music draw near... Common, but catchy indie-rock music approaches... growing louder and louder. A voice echoes through the surrounding courtyard. A tiny rings.
23) 0) text: Sam remains there, behind the bushes, peeking into the bedroom. Waiting to see who's arrived. A young woman, TROY, in jean shorts and a Joan Jett and t Blackhearts t-shirt, steps into the bedroom. Her hair is and "dirty white". Her face is pretty, but a little mascu A tomboy, sex-pot and scenester combined. Sam watches the girl open the closet and go inside - a cl Trader Joe shopping bag in her hand. After a moment, she emerges with the box in her arms. Setting it down in the middle of the empty room, Troy dum the contents of the box into the bag. She reaches in, gra stick of gum and puts it in her mouth. Troy picks up the bag and walks into the hallway. As she leaves, the girl closes the bedroom door - reveali marking on the wall - previously hidden. °c Through the blinds, Sam stares at the strange symbol. Drawn in pink nail polish... Two diamond shapes, joined at the tip... °c Sam stares at the symbol for a moment. Clearly puzzled. A storm door closes. Footsteps. Sam ducks and watches Troy cross by, swinging her bag of goodies along the garden path.
59) 5) dialog: Hello! I'm so glad you picked up. I have good news. Remember I told you about that Janet Gaynor movie?
59) 7) dialog: Well... I taped it for you, and I'm gonna send it in the mail, but I wanted to make sure you had a VCR.
59) 9) dialog: Oh good. I just thought it would be something nice to share. She's soooo lovely. I feel connected to her. Is that silly?
59) 11) dialog: Well I won't keep you. I know how busy you are. But I love you.
59) 13) dialog: Bye.