4) 9) dialog: (on tv) Jeff, I love you, your family loves you... Standing behind the woman are the Sevence's FIVE CHILDREN ranging in age between 8 and 24. The oldest daughter, MILLICENT SEVENCE, stares ahead coldly - covered in pierc and giant yellow sunglasses.
4) 11) dialog: (on tv) I know we're gonna see you again soon. I know you're alive. I feel it. We watch the tv and the fucking from the periphery of Sam room. Porn, Playboys, notebooks, "Lady from Shanghai" lobby car and bags of Doritos litter Sam's dresser (CONTINUED)
4) 14) dialog: (on tv) We're offering a 2 million dollar reward for any information that helps us find my husband. I beg you for your help. Please bring daddy home. The woman covers her face - weeping uncontrollably.
63) 0) text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around hi He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA weekly. Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their ey appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding betwe photograph and a man. Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images... A naked Penny Baker from 1984... A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970... A modern supermodel in a purple bra... A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans... Sarah in her white hat... Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People A giant breasted porn star... Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of th Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper. Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex c Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the sm faces of several pretty young women. Different than the average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls' faces. He's seen these girls before. Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie. Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. I reads: Shooting Star Escorts Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight! (CONTINUED)