0) 0) text: The front window of the coffee shop is covered in black Sharpie writing. A sweaty, but very cute lesbian in an ap scrubs a wet sponge over the writing. It's not going away SAM, 33, and trying not to appear so, wipes sweat from hi face and neck as he turns toward the bright sun. His hair uncombed and his clothes don't match in the appropriate w He stands in a long line, waiting for coffee, behind beau hipsters and a few old people - all in various stages of perspiration. "Never My Love" by the Association plays over the house speakers. No one sings along. Sam glances over at the front window, looking at the back and inverted text across the glass. Poor penmanship, even graffiti. It says:
1) 0) text: Sam sips his coffee and walks casually down the sidewalk passing sad kittens in a pet shop window. A street fruit vendor watches Sam from behind his glass f case - oddly suspicious and grim. Sam stops and looks up at a giant billboard across the st On it, a beautiful young Indian woman smiles - staring ou through sparkling eyes. A contact lens logo stretches below her face. The ad read I Can See Clearly Now Sam sighs and shakes his head, moving on.
1) 1) text: Sam walks alone, carrying his iced latte and LA Weekly th the lush garden paths of his modest apartment complex. We see his POV as he steps along a concrete trail surroun by carefully manicured shrubs, giant trees and a man-made stream which flows alongside the walkway. Sam passes a blue vested worker cleaning leaves from the in a somnolent state. The man stares, as if in a heat-tra Turning a corner, Sam takes a sip of coffee through the s He hears a terrible rattle in the tree above him. Sam loo up as the branches shake.
1) 2) dialog: Ah! Suddenly something with mass falls from the tree.
1) 4) dialog: (laughing to himself) Is that squirrel even ok?
2) 0) text: Sam reaches for his keys as he steps up to the door. Ther note taped below his apartment number. He pulls it down a reads it covertly. It says: "Your Rent is Seriously Overdue. You have 7 Days to PAY o
2) 3) dialog: (under his breath) Fuck. Fuck. Fuck you. Sam crumples the paper in hand, fumbling to unlock the do Hitting it open, he bangs his shoulder into the wood - th some people punch walls. Ext. Sam'S APARTMENT balcony - late MORNING Sam sits on a patio chair smoking a cigarette and finishi his latte. A pair of binoculars hang from his neck. Smoke drifts through the sliding screen door - a dim apar within. The cartoon thermometer suction-cupped to the gla reads: 94 Degrees. This little patio enclave is hidden by railing, low hangi branches and thick shrubbery. It offers wonderful views o surrounding apartments and the community pool below. Sam looks at the cover of the LA Weekly. It features a st photo of some local indie band. The headline reads: East LA Resurrected... or Never Dead? Who are Jesus and the Brides of Dracula? According to the pic, Jesus is an emaciated hipster. His brides are gorgeous but unique women in 1920's hand-stitc gowns. An unseen bird CAWS loudly. Sam lifts and focuses his binoculars through the green fo of the neighboring balconies. A beautiful middle-aged woman walks topless along her thi story patio. She feeds her caged birds as she struts toa tinny-sounding jazz tune. Sam’s cell phone rings. Peeking through the binoculars, h answers.
2) 4) dialog: Hi mom.
2) 7) dialog: I'm ok.
2) 9) dialog: Yeah. It's kind of a busy day. Sam rubs the stubble on his face - his eyes are tired.
2) 11) dialog: I'm fine, mom.
2) 13) dialog: Yeah things are...
2) 15) dialog: Mom, I don't have cable. The topless woman walks inside - half visible through a s window.
2) 17) dialog: She's your favorite right? Sam lowers his binoculars and takes another drag.
2) 20) dialog: Well I should get back to work.
2) 22) dialog: Thanks. I love you. The parrot caws again - something resembling words.
2) 24) dialog: Bye.
2) 27) text: Coca-Cola! Come on, you little soda pop. It's swimming time. Sam leans forward and looks down through the trees. He se young woman in a bikini, SARAH, walking along the garden a portable sound system in hand. The music is louder and clearer now. It's the latest hit "Tongue & Teeth" by the indie-rock band Jesus and the Bri of Dracula. Holding the gate open, Sarah waits as her little dog, COC COLA, follows her inside. A small bell on its collar ring dings as it scampers along the hot concrete. Sarah's face is half covered by a white and frilly Easter style hat. Colored straw and soft pink ribbons. (CONTINUED)
2) 28) text: The white, toy-like Bichon Frise barks and runs in circle around the woman's legs. She smiles and nods at the anima finding a place for herself in the sun near the pool. Sam looks through his binoculars at the girl as she remov her hat. Big stoned eyes. Light freckled cheeks. White skin on a California body. She looks like a mid-western Monica Vitti with a hint of Sharon Tate. A sex that induces an almost guttural reacti any man or woman within proximity. But the girl seems una of her power.
3) 0) text: Sam opens the front door... Standing in the hallway is a pockmarked brunette in a Ger dirndl. The ACTRESS holds a bag of carry-out over her otherwise exposed cleavage. The thirty-something actress is pretty from the right ang the physical traits of someone who's had a brief bout wit meth addiction. Something is just a bit off. (CONTINUED)
3) 2) dialog: Hey.
3) 4) dialog: Good to see you. Uh... The actress points down at her dress. She stands awkwardl body gangly - terrible posture.
3) 6) dialog: Ah ok. Come on in. Sam lets the young woman into his living room, closing th door behind her. Old wallpaper covers the walls... lined with movie poster pop culture paraphernalia, and 30-something-male crap. We can still hear the rock song from outside. The girl spins around and faces Sam with an overly excite grin. The imperfections on her skin are more visible agai the sunlight.
3) 8) dialog: Yeah. Wow. Thank you. The actress lowers her smile, sniffing the air.
3) 10) dialog: Oh... there's a lotta skunks around here. In the woods by the golf course. Sam points toward the side of the building. (CONTINUED)
3) 12) dialog: They're always spraying. Not much you can do about it.
4) 0) text: Sam fucks the actress doggy-style on the bed. He slaps he as hard as he can, keeping an eye on the bedroom televisi He's watching the Wimbledon Finals. A women's match betwe Eastern European and some Swedish model. Hitting her stride, the actress grunts louder and with mo force than the tennis queens on tv. A framed and signed poster of Kurt Cobain hangs over Sam' bed. It's the famous black and white close up from his Ro Stone cover.
4) 2) dialog: Thanks. I actually saw them in concert. Believe it or not. I'm one of the few.
4) 4) dialog: Uh, recently, actually... I know a girl who knows his daughter. It's her signature.
5) 0) text: Sam and the actress lay naked in bed next to each other, cooling off. The neighbor's parrot shouts loudly.
5) 2) dialog: It's the neighbor's parrot.
5) 5) dialog: I'm not sure. They listen to the parrot as it continues to caw and shou
5) 9) dialog: Maybe. It's hard to say. The actress shrugs as she grabs an old 1970's Playboy fro stack of magazines next to the bed. She flips through it. (CONTINUED)
5) 12) dialog: That's my favorite issue.
5) 14) dialog: I found it in my dad's tool drawer in the garage when I was really young.
5) 16) dialog: Yeah. The cover with the girl. That was the first thing I ever masturbated to. The actress laughs, spinning the magazine around to exami the submerged playmate on the front cover.
5) 18) dialog: I know.
5) 20) dialog: That's awesome.
5) 23) dialog: Oh don't look at that. (CONTINUED)
5) 27) dialog: Eh - it's nothing.
5) 32) dialog: I don't think so. Sam keeps peeping through the blinds, ignoring the naked actress behind him. She doesn't notice or care as she reapplies her lipstick - using the video screen of her "i 4" like a mirror compact. Sarah unlocks her apartment door and goes inside. Sam wat as the little poodle dog follows her in.
5) 34) dialog: That damn bird. The door closes as the parrot cackles and yells the same unknowable phrase once more.
6) 0) text: Sam drives his black Mustang down Sunset Boulevard. He pa Sunset Junction. The shops. The restaurants. The beautiful and blessed peo of the neighborhood. 14.
7) 0) text: Sam browses the aisles of comics. He grabs an issue of Sp Man and adds it to the small stack in his arms. Two nearby patrons chat loudly while looking at some Jimm Corrigan anthologies.
7) 9) dialog: Do you know who writes this?
7) 11) dialog: Does he come in here much?
7) 13) dialog: If I gave you like five bucks, would you give him my number and ask him to call me?
7) 15) dialog: Come on. I like his work. I'd like to meet him. You're just... passing ona number.
8) 0) text: Sam walks down the dark garden path. The night is quiet e for crickets, the trickle of water, and the occasional si (CONTINUED)
8) 3) dialog: Good dog. The door slides open and Sarah stands before Sam. She's wearing her white bonnet and a casual, but beautiful dres Black reading glasses sit atop her nose.
8) 5) dialog: Hi. Sam leans closer, watching the dog eat. Sarah kneels near pet and rubs his back.
8) 7) dialog: His name's Coca-Cola?
8) 9) dialog: Was that a coke slogan? Sam rubs the dog's ear. Coca-Cola doesn't look up from hi food. (CONTINUED)
8) 14) dialog: My dog died recently.
8) 16) dialog: Thanks. Sarah looks at Sam's eyes. He tries to smile a bit, but i comes off a little sad.
8) 18) dialog: Yeah, you too.
9) 0) text: Sarah hands Sam a cocktail. He stands in the middle of he cluttered living room. Women's things. Sarah falls back and stretches across her recliner. Sam s next to her on the couch. Sarah giggles to herself. Uncontrollably.
9) 1) dialog: What is it? She shakes her head and smiles. Laughing a bit more.
9) 3) dialog: No I wasn't. (CONTINUED)
9) 7) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about. The girl makes a face - waiting for him to tell the truth
9) 9) dialog: Sure. Sarah smiles to herself, bunching her legs up on the chai and gulping her drink
9) 11) dialog: No.
9) 13) dialog: Me too. But I wasn't trying to... Sarah seems stuck on the thought. A mixture of odd innoce and naivete. She interrupts...
9) 15) dialog: Sure. Listen, I'd tell you if I was, but I was just... looking. That's it.
9) 19) dialog: Uh, yeah, sure.
10) 0) text: The pair are fucked up. Stoned and eating snacks on Sarah white, old-lady, flower-quilted bed. Antique furniture, almost girlish in nature, fills the ro White silk hangs from the tall bed posts. They are watching a scene from "How to Marry a Millionair the little bedroom tv. Marilyn flirts and glows onscreen. Coca Cola lays in the bed next to Sarah. Three collectible Barbie dolls sit on top of the televisi They are modeled after Marilyn Monroe, Betty Grable, and Lauren Bacall. A perfect match for the movie playing belo them. Sam notices a simple silver bracelet around Sarah's wrist touches it, moving his fingers over it and onto the back her hand. He gently caresses her skin. Playful. Flirting.
10) 1) dialog: That's pretty. Is it engraved?
10) 3) dialog: An old boyfriend.
10) 6) dialog: Is it real?
10) 11) dialog: Thank God for temporary. Sarah giggles and smiles as she grabs two saltine cracker one hand and a glass of orange juice in another
10) 15) dialog: Ok.
10) 21) dialog: You wanna grab a drink at the bar?
10) 23) dialog: Really? Come on. One drink. I really don't feel like going home right now.
10) 25) dialog: Alright. Sarah climbs off the bed.
10) 27) dialog: Ok.
11) 0) text: Walking toward the door, Sam passes Sarah's roommates. Th don't pay any attention to him, moving around like bees w their boxes of designer shoes. Not even a smile or a nod. They are probably models... or aspiring to be. The pirate dude sits on the couch with his legs crossed - staring the other way. Aloof. (CONTINUED)
11) 3) dialog: Weird. Kinda late in the month for fireworks, isn't it? The girls say nothing. Awkward silence. Sam shrugs.
11) 4) dialog: Leftovers, I guess. Sarah seems troubled as she turns away from the fireworks faces Sam. She tries to grin, but it reads false.
11) 5) dialog: Okayyy. Well goodnight.
11) 7) dialog: Ok. I'll see you tomorrow.
12) 0) text: Sam walks along the lamp-lit sidewalk, passing the houses decrepit apartments of his east side neighborhood. He spi his key chain in his hand. Sam steps into the street, reaching his car, a late model black Mustang. He stares in shock. The whole side of the car has been keyed. Scratch marks c it from fender to rear panel. A very large cartoon penis is scratched into the hood. De the paint. Enraged, Sam grabs the door handle, but quickly pulls his back. Chewed gum sticks to his fingertips, stretching ove palm in elongated wet strands.
12) 1) dialog: Fuck. (CONTINUED)
12) 6) dialog: You little fuck! One of the boys tries to help, but Sam punches him in the balls. He rolls over onto the grass. Moaning in agony. Small fireworks crackle in the distance. Sam punches the first kid again - blood flies out of his mouth. Jumping up, Sam kicks the other boy in the stomach. The k coughs and rolls in pain. (CONTINUED)
13) 2) dialog: (reading) Silverlake and the east side of Los Angeles were originally built around the silent film studios. Back then the area was known as Edendale. In 1978 a Silverlake resident discovered a can of film in his basement. In the movie, a young man holds a note in front of the camera. It reads: "No one will ever be happy here until all the dogs are dead". He then shoots himself in the head with a pistol. The man was an aspiring actor who saw himself as the next Douglas Fairbanks. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: Sam walks through a long tunnel. He hears dogs barking ah
15) 0) text: Reaching the end of the tunnel, Sam emerges onto a dark a wooded street. More barking - just out of sight in the trees. He steps o the road onto a wooded path.
16) 0) text: Sam walks slowly along the tree-lined dirt trail. Moonlit Dogs continue to bark in the distance. Sam follows their sound. He notices a dog biscuit on the ground below his feet. Pi it up, he examines it, twisting it in his fingers. He kno this brand. Sam sees another - just ahead. He follows the dark trail of multi-colored dog treats, de into the woods. Flies buzz over a small dark mass alongside the path. Sam stops and looks down. Partially covered by leaves, he sees the rib cage and hal buried head of a dog in the dirt. A Bichon Frise. Strange sounds... up ahead. Sam hears the odd noises and walks closer to them - furth down the trail. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Sam opens his eyes into the bright sun. He's curled up and drooling on the couch. The TV is still Beer cans nearby. Sam rolls over and grabs a Spider Man comic from the floo sticks to his fingertips. He shakes his hand, but the com stuck. Sam peels it off, then looks at the chewed gum, still cov parts of his hand. He exhales and shakes his head. 20 21 27.
18) 0) text: Sam walks along the garden path towards Sarah's apartment He knocks on her front door. No one answers. Sam walks around back and steps onto Sarah's patio. Coca isn't there. The patio chairs are missing. The old newspa and dog poop are gone. The young man peeks in through the patio door. The blinds open. There's no furniture inside. The apartment is completely empty.
19) 0) text: Inside the glass-walled, log-cabin office, Sam leans agai one of the desks. A greasy haired MANAGER with a puckered face, looks up fr behind his monitor. His contempt is obvious. He stares at as though he's looking into an unflushed toilet.
19) 2) dialog: Who moves out in the middle of the night?
19) 4) dialog: I don't know why she wouldn't have told me?
19) 9) dialog: I got it.
20) 0) text: Sam drinks whiskey in the dark bar. Sunlight occasionally across the shadows, as patrons enter or exit. A heavy man, with a half-bald head, shifts on his stool. 43-year-old BAR BUDDY gulps his beer and rubs his ear in contemplation.
20) 1) dialog: I couldn't even find her online.
20) 3) dialog: Not sure. Two drunk women, behind tall beers, carry on their own conversation at the bar. We hear pieces of it...
20) 5) dialog: There's more than one? YOUNG DRUNK WOMAN They always say to me "you're BAR BUDDY too pretty to be this nice" Who knows. Creeps me out. or "you don't look like you've It's one thing to get mugged, had a child." God I just wa but to have some dude stab to find somebody with a little your dog right before your financial security. I can eyes... that would traumatize dream, right? a person... fuckin' horrible.
20) 6) dialog: Totally. Sam takes a sip from his glass. (CONTINUED)
20) 12) dialog: What?
21) 0) text: Sam steps behind some shrubs, locating Sarah's bedroom wi He's sweaty. A bit drunk. He looks back and scans the neighboring balconies. Seems clear. No one's around. The young man slides a screwdriver behind the window scre and pops it out. Quickly, he climbs inside with a thud.
22) 0) text: Sam twists the blinds closed - covering the open window. He turns and faces the empty room. Dust sits along the ca edges where furniture once stood. Sam looks down the hallway into the vacant living room. H casually spins back and sees the closed closet door. He walks over and opens it. The clothes and shoes are gon But at the top of the shelf is a box. Sam pulls it down a looks inside. He sees some music CDs, a dance trophy, three collectible Barbie dolls from the "How to Marry a Millionaire" series open pack of Fruit Stripes gum, a pink vibrator and a photograph of Sarah. Sam grabs the picture of Sarah smili her white hat, and puts it in his pocket. He hears a sound. Keys rattling. The front door begins to unlock. Sam puts the box back on the shelf, steps out and closes closet door. He hears the front door click as it starts t open. Thinking fast, Sam climbs back out the bedroom window. He reaches in and settles the shaking blinds.
23) 0) text: Sam remains there, behind the bushes, peeking into the bedroom. Waiting to see who's arrived. A young woman, TROY, in jean shorts and a Joan Jett and t Blackhearts t-shirt, steps into the bedroom. Her hair is and "dirty white". Her face is pretty, but a little mascu A tomboy, sex-pot and scenester combined. Sam watches the girl open the closet and go inside - a cl Trader Joe shopping bag in her hand. After a moment, she emerges with the box in her arms. Setting it down in the middle of the empty room, Troy dum the contents of the box into the bag. She reaches in, gra stick of gum and puts it in her mouth. Troy picks up the bag and walks into the hallway. As she leaves, the girl closes the bedroom door - reveali marking on the wall - previously hidden. °c Through the blinds, Sam stares at the strange symbol. Drawn in pink nail polish... Two diamond shapes, joined at the tip... °c Sam stares at the symbol for a moment. Clearly puzzled. A storm door closes. Footsteps. Sam ducks and watches Troy cross by, swinging her bag of goodies along the garden path.
25) 0) text: Sam drives along Los Feliz keeping the Rabbit convertible his sights - just a few cars ahead. He follows the girls, turning left onto Griffith Park Boulevard. Sam watches their car slow down and stop in front of John Marshall High School. He pulls over and waits. Troy and her friends sit still - engine running - across the football field. Some local teens pass by Sam's car. They point and laugh the penis drawing covering his hood. He ignores them. From his center console, Sam pulls out a pen and an LA Co parking ticket. He draws the secret shape on the ticket. °c Looking up, Sam notices the girls staring over at the hig school scoreboard. Some numbers flash on the visitor's si The number 7... then the number 5... and finally the numb Sam writes them on his ticket. 751 The white rabbit convertible pulls back onto the road and heads towards Rowena. Sam stays in pursuit.
26) 0) text: Traveling down Sunset Boulevard... Sam follows, trailing the car toward Echo Park.
27) 0) text: The sun begins to set over the lake as Sam idles along Ec Park Avenue. (CONTINUED)
27) 3) dialog: (whispering) Fuck. Sam looks around, and starts to turn his paddle boat towa the dock. 30 31 32 33.
28) 0) text: A few lengths behind the convertible Rabbit, Sam drives h car down 2nd Street towards the city. Homeless people look up from their shopping carts and cardboard beds as the black Mustang passes by. Sam enters the tunnel under Bunker Hill. He stares ahead girls sit calmly together Turning onto 6th Street, the Rabbit drives up in front of Standard Hotel. Sam trails behind, watching as Troy and h friends hop out - pulling beach towels and pool rafts fro car. The brunette passes the keys off to the SHADY VALET. The redhead pulls her t-shirt off, revealing a bikini top swings the shirt over her shoulder and smiles to the brun Sam drives closer, watching the three pretty hipsters go the back door of the hotel. Troy laughs as she blows air an inner tube - disappearing through the doorway. Pulling into a blue-lined parking space, Sam takes out a handicap-parking permit and hangs it from his mirror.
29) 0) text: Sam rides up alone. The elevator doors open. Live music p in from the rooftop patio.
30) 0) text: Standing before Sam is a leggy woman in a bikini and blac hat. Her extended leg in the doorway forces Sam to face h although he would have done so regardless.
30) 2) dialog: Uh... good to be here. I needed some time to think about things. The bikini girl smiles. She pulls a small sewing needle f plush, cherry-shaped, pin cushion and presents it to Sam.
31) 0) text: Loud music everywhere. Sam sits down along the edge of the pool - jeans rolled u feet in the water. He sips his fruity cocktail and watche Troy and her girlfriends strip into their bathing suits. Troy kicks off her sandals and dives into the water. Sam watches Troy swim to the far edge of the pool. The yo woman climbs onto a raft and lays back - she pulls a flas from her waist-band and takes a swig. The redhead, FANNIE, a freckled and slightly plump beauty stretches and yawns at the edge of the pool. Her teeth ar oddly spaced - a missed opportunity for braces - but even mistake contributes to her appeal. The black haired girl, MAE, steps cautiously into the poo She's slim with dark features - girlish compared with her friends - a bob haircut more at home in the 1970's than t millennial teens.
32) 0) text: The toilet flushes and Troy opens her stall. Sam is stand between her and the sink. Troy gives him a dirty look and tries to walk around him. Sam blocks her path, holding up photo of Sarah.
32) 1) dialog: Do you know this girl? The girl looks at the photograph, but says nothing. She s at Sam - looking him up and down.
32) 2) dialog: Do you know where she is? Troy spits her gum in Sam's face. It hits his nose and fa to the floor. Sam grabs her arm and yanks her closer
32) 3) dialog: Fuck you. Seriously. Is she ok? Troy knees Sam in the balls. She pulls away from his grip he falls to the floor. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: Sam hobbles, hunched over, through the beautiful crowd. I even louder than before. One of the Brides of Dracula, a green-eyed beauty in over reading glasses and grey lipstick, chats energetically wi gentle giant. Sam passes by the READING GLASSES BRIDE, moving toward th pool.
33) 9) dialog: Hey, Allen. Good to see you. Allen gives Sam a hug. Sam looks down at Allen's attire. Though very masculine, Allen wears a few pieces of women' clothing - slightly repurposed for irony or comfort's sak
33) 10) dialog: Is that a woman's blouse?
33) 12) dialog: Ok.
33) 14) dialog: Of course. How 'bout you? Allen drifts through the conversation. Floating in both w and gestures.
33) 18) dialog: Well I don't have any answers.
33) 20) dialog: Hey, do you know a blond, a redhead and a brunette that drive a Rabbit convertible?
33) 22) dialog: Well... I'm... trying... A beautiful black girl in a sparkling emerald evening gow walks up to Allen. He smiles to the EMERALD BEAUTY and po to her dress.
33) 32) dialog: (feeling his groin) It's hard to say what a person might do when they're in pain. The pair ignore Sam, as they scoff and stare. Emerging from the crowd in her white gothic gown, one of Brides of Dracula edges into the circle. A fragile doll. The MEEK BRIDE waves at the group like a shy schoolgirl - wicker basket filled with cookies in her hand.
33) 44) dialog: Really?
33) 48) dialog: Does she know? All eyes turn towards Millicent Sevence. The billionaire' daughter pulls away from a sapphic kiss, and makes a funn face as she reaches for her drink. Emerald Beauty whispers something to a MALE MODEL. A few people around Millicent start to look up from their smart phones, reacting to some terrible news. More and more peo within the crowd turn their attention toward the young wo Millicent sways and laughs. A chain reaction of hushed whispers. Elbowing between fri Faces looking up from iphones. Chatter and gossip. Sam watches this from the edge. Everyone waits for Millic to hear what they already know. A girl runs through the crowd and whispers into Millicent ear. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: Sam opens the outer security gate. Fog drifts across the garden walkways of Sam's complex. A foreboding quality in the night air Sam walks alone. It's quiet except for crickets and the sound of water rip in the stream. Sam hears footsteps behind him. He turns and looks back. No one is there. Darkness. We move with Sam, tracking through the foggy walkway. The young man steps nervously - alert. Sam's cell phone rings. He answers.
34) 1) dialog: Hello?
34) 3) dialog: Oh shit, yeah. I read your zine. I wanted to ask you more about it. Is there a time we could meet up?
34) 5) dialog: Cool. Could you text me your address? (CONTINUED)
34) 9) dialog: Great. I'll see ya then.
35) 0) text: Standing on his kitchen tile, Sam strips off his clothes a garbage bag. The television is on nearby. A beautifully decorated cookie sits on his counter-top ne Sarah's photo and a parking ticket covered in symbols and scribbles.
35) 6) dialog: Fuck.
36) 0) text: Open tin cans sit on the bathroom sink. Inside the tub is soaking in tomato juice - scrubbing the skunk scent from body. The actress is on the floor, wearing a slutty nurse outfi and plugging her nose. She reads out loud to Sam - a page from "Under the Silver Lake".
36) 5) dialog: Just read it. The actress makes a face and returns to her duty.
36) 12) dialog: Everybody dies... even the people we think will be here forever. with her nose still plugged, the actress's voice sounds e strange and nasally.
36) 14) dialog: Have you lost anybody? Anybody close? The actress just nods. She looks at Sam.
36) 16) dialog: I think about it though. A lot more than I should. The actress pets the top of Sam's head. He looks like a b child in the tub... an old baby covered in his food.
36) 18) dialog: Ehhhhh. That's nothing.
36) 20) dialog: You'll get all weirded out.
36) 22) dialog: Ok. Have you ever heard about old record albums having satanic messages in them if ya play 'em backwards? (CONTINUED)
36) 26) dialog: Ok... so I was watching wheel of Fortune and I noticed that Vanna White did this little pattern of glances every so often. She looked forward then right then left and then back again. And I started wondering... is that random or is there a reason for it? Is there a pattern behind it? And if there is, maybe there's something meaningful in that pattern. The actress stares and listens as Sam continues explainin strange theory.
36) 27) dialog: So I started taking note of when it happened... and for the past 7 months I have a complete record of it. It doesn't happen everyday... it's literally every three episodes except for one time. Also, it seems to happen most Wednesdays except for last Wednesday which happened to be a holiday. So I graphed it out and I got some old code books from the library and I've been digging through them, trying to see if it translates to anything... like a word or a message... something. The actress smiles nervously, making a slight sound from throat as she adjusts her legs. Sam speaks faster and fas
36) 28) dialog: I mean, I've just been thinking, why do we assume that all of this infrastructure and entertainment and open information beaming all over the place into every home on the planet is exactly what people tell us it is? Maybe there are people more important more powerful or wealthier than us that communicate things or see things in the world that are meant for them and not for us. I think it's fucking ridiculous to assume that media only has one purpose... right? The actress stares at Sam - frozen. She's freaked out, bu tries to hide it. (CONTINUED)
36) 31) dialog: You think that's weird?
36) 33) dialog: It's not weird. Don't you ever feel like rich people know something that you and I don't?
36) 36) dialog: Ok. Um... thanks for the juice.
37) 0) text: Sam sits on his couch watching Wheel of Fortune - a noteb and pen in his hand. He hears squeals of laughter and water splashing outside window. Sam walks out to his balcony.
38) 0) text: Looking down at the pool, Sam sees Sarah swimming alone i blue water. Sarah splashes... laughing like Marilyn Monroe. She swims closer, looking up at Sam. He realizes that she naked. (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: Sam opens his eyes, rolls out of bed and looks straight o the window. He sees police stringing crime-scene tape ove Sarah's apartment door.
40) 0) text: Sam exits his apartment gate and walks up the street. He notices a leggy woman in a short red dress climbing out o Prius. RED MINISKIRT walks daintily ahead of him on the sidewalk passing a drunk homeless man in the grass. Sam watches her ass and legs as she prances along. On the opposite sidewalk, there are more beautiful women, staggered down the block, but marching forward. A Fellini-esque parade of mini-skirt models moving down t street in Sam's direction. Sam tilts his head - trying to understand it all. (CONTINUED)
40) 9) dialog: Yeah.
40) 14) dialog: What the fuuuuckkk? He starts to sprint, leaving the circle of runway models behind him.
41) 0) text: Sam pounds on the tow truck driver's window. The TOW MAN rolls it down and looks at Sam with a wide an angry mouth.
41) 1) dialog: That's my car! You can't take my fucking car!
42) 0) text: Sam walks down Griffith Park Boulevard, covered in sweat. He stares at the blank scoreboard near John Marshall High School as he passes. A car full of teenagers zips down the road. Sam hears a familiar tune approach and recede with their passing. You and I... turning like teeth... loving beneath... the surface. Sam listens, wiping sweat from his face. The sun covers a
43) 0) text: Knock. Knock. Knock. COMIC MAN opens his front door and greets Sam - now soake from the heat.
43) 2) dialog: Yes, please.
43) 6) dialog: What are these masks?
43) 8) dialog: What's a life mask?
43) 10) dialog: Hm.
43) 14) dialog: Huh.
43) 16) dialog: I understand. 46 55.
44) 0) text: Sitting on the couch, surrounded by books, odd tchotchkes "Under the Silver Lake" zines, Sam draws the double diamo shape on paper. °c Sam's photograph of Sarah sits on the paper next to the drawing. Comic Man leans in and looks at the symbol.
44) 2) dialog: What?
44) 4) dialog: Really?
44) 7) dialog: Well why is it in Sarah's room and who are they telling to be quiet? (CONTINUED)
44) 45) dialog: Do you think any of it could be connected to Sarah?
44) 48) dialog: I'm not so sure about that. Comic Man stares Sam down - a little offended by his dismissal.
44) 50) dialog: I might... (CONTINUED)
44) 62) dialog: What if there are messages that aren't subliminal, but are meant only for certain people?
44) 64) dialog: Really?
45) 0) text: Comic man pulls a wooden panel away from the wall, reveal dark crawl space. Dusty boxes are visible at the head of the narrow passage On one of the boxes, sits a surveillance monitor connecte an old VCR. Comic Man leans over and crawls into the secret opening, disappearing into the darkness. Sam looks at the surveillance monitor and VCR. He sees a VIEW of the living room, the backdoor and the side of the house nearest the garage.
45) 1) dialog: What's with the cameras?
45) 3) dialog: No. I don't. Sam looks around at Comic Man's bedroom. He glances at th ACTION FIGURES and the SKETCHES charting the stages of th moon. (CONTINUED)
45) 11) dialog: Seriously?
45) 13) dialog: I think all you had to do was mark down where the characters are hiding and send in your contest card. Here. Comic Man sighs. (CONTINUED)
46) 0) text: Sam passes scooter girls and fedora men as he soaks throu his shirt - melting in the heat. He glances back, looking at the hipsters and homeless men the sidewalk behind him. They are all wearing similar hat
47) 0) text: Griffith Park Observatory is visible high above on the hillside. Sam crosses a picturesque bridge, staring at the pretty houses. He looks around, glancing back at the empty street. 50 61.
48) 0) text: Sam walks up the sidewalk and sees Bar Buddy smoking and drinking on his porch. Seeing Sam, he waves and approache meeting in the driveway.
48) 2) dialog: Oh. It's in the shop. Getting repainted from all that graffiti.
48) 4) dialog: I like my car.
48) 6) dialog: Did you hear about Jefferson Sevence?
48) 8) dialog: Yeah I think Sarah was one of the prostitutes. The dog was the same breed as hers and I saw her hat ina crime scene bag on the news.
48) 10) dialog: Thanks. I feel weird accepting condolences. I barely knew her.
48) 12) dialog: Mm hm. A little bit. (CONTINUED)
48) 16) dialog: I kinda wanna find out who killed her
48) 18) dialog: I guess so. What else am I gonna do?
48) 21) dialog: Yeah. What is it?
48) 23) dialog: Your what?
49) 0) text: A medium-sized DRONE rises up from the center of the back Silent like some future monster. Its rotors spin. The black quadcopter houses a state of the art camera sys The two men sit on the grass, in front of a laptop - whic rests on a cheap folding chair. Their heads are tilted cl Beers in hand. Sam watches the drone hover and soar through the neighbor Disappearing into the black sky. Bar Buddy operates the controls from his laptop - pilotin drone.
49) 1) dialog: Shit. Where do you get something like this? (CONTINUED)
49) 5) dialog: Hm. POGO, Bar Buddy's golden retriever walks up to Sam throug grass. The dog licks his hand and arm. Sam pulls away - a fake s forming. Bar Buddy notices and tugs gently on his dog's collar.
49) 9) dialog: It's me.
49) 15) dialog: You ever feel like you fucked up somewhere a long time ago and you're living the wrong life? Or a bad version of the life you were supposed to have?
49) 17) dialog: No. I used to think I was gonna be someone that other people cared about. Maybe do something important...
49) 20) dialog: Look where we live. Bar Buddy and Sam look out into the night air. The cricke chirp. The wind blows through the trees.
49) 22) dialog: Yeah... I think somebody's following me. (CONTINUED)
49) 27) dialog: No, but I feel like that a lot. Even before all this craziness.
49) 29) dialog: I don't know.
49) 33) dialog: Doesn't seem like she's home.
49) 35) dialog: Yeah, but those kids have real success. Real money. It is possible to get lucky and achieve a dream. Doesn't that go against your whole thesis?
49) 39) dialog: I'm gonna take off. I'll see ya soon.
50) 0) text: Sam walks toward the cemetery entrance. Hipsters carry cheese plates, blankets and wine through t iron gate.
51) 0) text: Sam walks alone down a grave-lined path. The air has cooled... (CONTINUED)
51) 6) dialog: Hey. You're the girls. In the movie. SHOOTING STAR #2 flips a pig tail over her shoulder and t a puff from the joint.
51) 9) dialog: Nice to meet you.
51) 12) dialog: Um... yeah... I just got here, but I'm sure it's... Shooting Star #2 notices a scent wafting by. She sniffs t air - interrupting.
51) 15) dialog: Los Angeles is filled with skunks. Especially the east side.
52) 0) text: Sam walks up to a TUXEDO BOUNCER standing before a roped- doorway. Potted plants and Saint statues flank the edges this marble entrance. An elegantly designed cardboard floor-sign announces: Summertime Secret Show! The rumble of music can be heard from inside. Sam holds up his cookie invitation. Tuxedo Bouncer examin and nods his head. He eyes Sam with displeasure.
53) 0) text: Sam makes his way through a deep crowd, milling about wit the large mausoleum hall. Waitresses carry drinks and hor d'oeuvres to the young and fashionable crowd. (CONTINUED)
53) 10) dialog: Thank you. On stage, Meek Bride continues to sing like a sad angel.
53) 12) dialog: How's it going?
53) 14) dialog: Yeah. I get it. Sam signals the bartender. She leans in.
53) 15) dialog: (to bartender) Jack on the rocks, please.
53) 17) dialog: No. Not yet.
53) 21) dialog: Um... have you noticed anything strange going on in this whole circle of friends? Anything out of the ordinary?
53) 23) dialog: No. I know. I mean... extra strange.
53) 25) dialog: Like what? Allen looks around, then leans in close to Sam.
53) 27) dialog: Like a secret message? Allen smiles, laughing about the idea.
53) 29) dialog: What's it say?
53) 31) dialog: Who's this girl?
53) 33) dialog: Right. (CONTINUED)
53) 38) dialog: I hardly recognized you without your balloons. Balloon girl shakes her head with a small grin.
53) 40) dialog: Uh huh. The pretty girl points at the drink in Sam's hand.
53) 42) dialog: Sure. Sam looks to the bartender
53) 43) dialog: One more.
53) 47) dialog: Can I ask you a question?
53) 49) dialog: Did you ever see her around? Balloon Girl nods her head. Yup.
53) 51) dialog: You know what happened to her? Sam hands Balloon Girl her whiskey. She takes a drink.
53) 53) dialog: Where are we going?
54) 0) text: Balloon Girl hops down the stone steps, dragging Sam behi her.
55) 0) text: Cigarette smoke fills the cavernous crypt club. Rough sto walls, curtained booths, and tombstone tables surround th dance floor. Music thumps as the crowd hops and sways to a classic pop tune. Something recognizable from the 1990's. Sam and Balloon Girl are sitting together at one of the t - their drinks and elbows resting on a perfect replica of Jayne Mansfield's tombstone. The pair share a cigarette - taking turns with their drag They shout over the painfully loud music. Conversing!
55) 2) dialog: I heard people saying that there's some kind of code or secret message in their music! Balloon Girl laughs.
55) 9) dialog: Come on! I wanna dance to this!
55) 11) dialog: Come on! On the dance floor, under the strobing lights, the pair b to feel the music. The energy of it.
55) 12) dialog: (singing along! ) I'd studied your cartoons, radio, music, TV, movies, magazines... Richard said, "Withdrawal in disgust is not the same as apathy"... Sam dances wildly to the song - a giant grin rarely seen the context of this story. He dances, jumps and swings hi arms like a whirling and mad Michael Stipe. The girl laug joyfully along with Sam.
55) 13) dialog: (singing along) "What's the frequency, Kenneth?" is your Benzedrine, uh-huh... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
55) 17) dialog: Yes! Sam's world grows large. The crowd twists and transforms. Color stretches into unbelievable hues. Sam grabs his face. Rubs his eyes. His legs grow weak. He turns and staggers off the dance floor. Balloon Girl follows.
55) 19) dialog: I feel really strange!
55) 21) dialog: The whole thing!
56) 0) text: Sam vomits into the toilet. Loud and terrible. 59 60 61 78.
57) 0) text: Sam walks out of the bathroom - dizzy. He holds his head nauseous and pale - as he scans the crowd. His table is e Balloon Girl is gone.
57) 1) dialog: Fuck me. Near the entrance, he sees Troy, one of the Rabbit conver girls. As he steps closer, focusing his eyes, Troy spots him and pushes through the crowd - rushing out the door. Sam foll picking up the pace.
58) 0) text: Sam chases the girl through the dark cemetery.
58) 1) dialog: Hey! Wait! Troy is quick. She darts between the graves and trees. Sa dodges and leaps in pursuit. A long stretch of open grass separates them. Sam kicks in high gear. His breathing intensifies. Sweat everywhere. He gets closer and closer, staring ahead at the girl spri along in her jean shorts. Everything starts to slow down... turning purple... then black... Sam falls to the ground - holding his head. Darkness.
59) 0) text: Morning birds chirp. Ring. Ring. Buzz. Buzz. Sam opens his eyes and lifts his cell phone to his face. laying in the grass, just below a tombstone. Beer and win bottles litter the ground. Sam answers, rubbing his head. Pain. (CONTINUED)
59) 4) dialog: Hi, mom.
59) 6) dialog: Uh huh.
59) 8) dialog: It's not hooked up, but I have one. If you send the tape, I can watch it. Old women and old men walk through the cemetery with somb expressions. Their clothes and outfits are identical matc to several of the outfits worn by the young women and men this same place the night before. All these old hats and colorful slacks... utility over fashion... fashion over utility... utility over fashion...
59) 10) dialog: No, mom. Sam watches the seniors go about their business deliverin flowers to distant graves.
59) 12) dialog: I love you too.
59) 14) dialog: Bye. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Sam passes by the Contact Lens Billboard. He stares up at beautiful Indian woman with sparkling eyes. She watches over the road and smiles. I Can See Clearly Now
61) 0) text: Warping sounds and scrambled music surround us... Sam sits on the floor, listening. A bag of Trader Joe's f veggies on his head. An old hardcover version of "The Cod Breakers" sits nearby. The turntable plays the Jesus and the Brides of Dracula 4 record backwards. Strange sounds emanate from the speaker Demonic? Certainly odd. No words or messages. Sam listens. Staring at the speakers across from him.
61) 1) dialog: There's nothing in here. Lifting the needle on the turntable, Sam adjusts the rota He lowers the arm and plays the record properly. A familiar tune bathes the room in hi-fi glory and well designed indie-rock. You and I... turning like teeth... loving beneath... (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Sam and Bar Buddy sit in front of the television playing Mario Bros on the 8-bit Nintendo. Sam is flipping through stack of old Nintendo Power Magazines - reading about che and tips. They are eating a fresh pizza from Tomato Pie.
62) 2) dialog: Yeah. I stole that from the library when I was ten years old. I thought it was the coolest thing ever. Bar Buddy listens, guiding his Luigi across the side-scro world.
62) 3) dialog: I just remember sitting in my room, and making up my own weird little codes and secret language... it felt like there was so much mystery in the world... things to be figured out and solved... The friend nods. He understands and relates.
62) 5) dialog: I couldn't tell you how many nights I spent walking around the woods waiting for some magical alien to follow me home and be my friend. Bar Buddy smiles and laughs. Sam grins back, concentratin on the game. He guides Mario along a dangerous path.
62) 13) dialog: Twist the candelabra and the bookcase opens.
62) 18) dialog: Not yet, but I'm gettin' there.
63) 0) text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around hi He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA weekly. Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their ey appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding betwe photograph and a man. Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images... A naked Penny Baker from 1984... A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970... A modern supermodel in a purple bra... A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans... Sarah in her white hat... Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People A giant breasted porn star... Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of th Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper. Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex c Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the sm faces of several pretty young women. Different than the average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls' faces. He's seen these girls before. Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie. Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. I reads: Shooting Star Escorts Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight! (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: Sam presses play on his CD player. "Modern Love" by David Bowie plays loudly. Sam sways along with the beat.
64) 1) dialog: (singing along) I know when to go out... and when to stay in... get things done... Sam dances to his door. He opens it and leans outside. No one's there. Leaving the door ajar, Sam steps back into his apartment. grabs a beer from the fridge while dancing to the tune.
64) 2) dialog: (singing along) I catch a paper boy, but things don't really change. I'm standing in the wind, but I never wave bye-bye... but Itry... I try... Sipping from the can, Sam dances back to the doorway. He out again and sees Shooting Star #1, the short-haired ing walking delicately into the lamp light towards his front Shooting Star #1 sees Sam and smiles with a little wave. dressed provocatively in a white dress.
65) 0) text: "Modern Love" is still playing. Sam sits on the couch wat the young woman wander around his living room. Shooting S #1 looks at the knick knacks and posters, running her han over things.... examining and admiring the oddities. Sam stares at her as she stands on tiptoes to see the books o shelf.
65) 1) dialog: (singing along quietly) God and Man, no confessions... God and Man, no religion... God and Man, don't believe in... Modern Love... (CONTINUED)
65) 5) dialog: Nothing.
65) 7) dialog: Oh God... that's all I ever hear. How's work? Workin' hard? Works good? Shooting Star #1 rolls her eyes.
65) 9) dialog: Aren't you in movies though? Why are you doing this?
65) 11) dialog: I do. The young woman begins to unbutton her dress with a grin.
65) 19) dialog: Uh huh. Shooting Star #1 walks over to Sam. She leans forward and her hands through his hair - her chest close to his face.
65) 20) dialog: Can I ask you something?
65) 22) dialog: It's nothing bad... I was wondering... last night at the cemetery... who was the pirate-looking guy in the limo?
65) 24) dialog: You don't know his name? The short haired beauty continues to rotate her body in m circles - slightly seductive pivots. (CONTINUED)
65) 28) dialog: You don't know anything about him?
65) 31) dialog: There's pizza in the fridge. The girl opens the fridge and pulls a slice from the card box inside. She scans the photos and pictures hanging fro Magnets along the door of the icebox. Taking a bite of pizza, Shooting Star #1 looks at a produ photo from "Something's Got to Give". In it, Marilyn Monr swims nude in a very blue pool - staring back at the came with seductive eyes. Sam watches the girl from across the room as she notices something else on the counter. Shooting Star #1 lifts up photo of Sarah, holding it out toward Sam.
65) 33) dialog: Really? How do you know her?
65) 35) dialog: Did you talk to her?
65) 40) dialog: How did you end up there? Shooting Star runs her hand over Sam's lap. She flirts an teases as she talks.
65) 42) dialog: What's his name?
65) 44) dialog: Ok. I know who you're talking about. Shooting Star #1 lays back, putting her head in Sam's lap
65) 46) dialog: Wow. Who's place was it?
65) 50) dialog: Fuck. Shooting Star presses her head back against Sam's crotch a knowing grin. She rolls her head in place.
65) 52) dialog: Must've been some song.
66) 0) text: Sam sits on his balcony with his Martin acoustic guitar. strums a few familiar chords, then glances down at the ly covered pizza box. Sam takes his sharpie and scribbles the chord-names above lyrics. It's the music for "Turning Teeth" by Jesus and the Bride Dracula. Across the courtyard, Topless Bird Woman washes her patio with windex. Her parrot caws loudly.
66) 2) dialog: You and I... turning like teeth... loving beneath... the surface... Stopping again, Sam stares down at his fingers - stretche across the frets. He repeats the pattern, arpeggiating th chords, and watching his finger placement. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Sitting on the floor, and using another pizza box as a sk pad, Sam writes out the chords as tablature. He simply wr out the chord formations in a numeric form in reference t their place on the fret board. Sam counts off the numbers as he moves through the variou parts of the song - jotting each down on the box.
68) 0) text: Sam lays on the couch. Holding the tablature-filled pizza over his head. He stares up at the numbers, turning the b a circle. Looking for a way in.
69) 0) text: Sam sits near the window reading "The Code-Breakers". The turntable is on, playing the 45 once more. He flips a pag looks down at the Chapter Heading: The Anatomy of Cryptology Sam continues to read.
70) 0) text: Sitting on the carpet, with the guitar in his lap, Sam li up the 45 record sleeve. He looks at Jesus and the Brides then turns it over, examining the track listing and liner notes. Sam looks at the first number on his box. It's the number He looks back at the liner notes. Starting from the first letter of the first word, Sam counts forward three letter ends up on the letter R. Sam writes this down on the box.
70) 6) dialog: (to himself) Rub deans head and wait under newton? What the fuck does that mean? Sam stands up and rubs his head. He walks to the glass pa door and looks out. He stares at the Topless Bird Woman a cleans one of the many cages. Sam leans close and breathes against the glass. A small c of moisture forms near his nose and mouth.
70) 7) dialog: Dean... Dean Martin. Dean Koontz. Harry Dean Stanton. Richard Dean Anderson. Dean Stockwell. James Dean. Sam ponders his thoughts. Considers the possibilities. Ta his fingers against the glass. An idea forms. Sam looks up past the trees to the blue sk above.
70) 8) dialog: James Dean's head. Hah! Sam grins to himself, nodding.
71) 0) text: The landscape is wide and bright under the late afternoon Sam walks alone up a dusty trail surrounded by wild grass Here in the hills, the city is below him. So much blue sk overhead. Sam looks up toward the gleaming white structure at the h peak. The Griffith Observatory. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: Emerging from the steep bank along the front of the Observatory, Sam looks across the serene courtyard filled tourists and day trippers. He approaches the James Dean statue along the side wall, facing the Hollywood sign. Sam stands before the bust commemorating "Rebel without a Cause". He looks from side side. Is anyone watching?
72) 1) dialog: (whispering to himself) Rub Dean's head... Sam reaches out and places his hand on James Dean's head. rubs the statue, looking around for some kind of reaction Nothing seems to happen. Sam rubs it once more for luck. Turning around, Sam steps up to the Astronomer's Monument across from the main entrance. He circles the stone pilla reading the name's around the base. Copernicus... Galileo... Kepler... Newton... Sam stop and stares at the marble figure representing New
72) 2) dialog: (whispering to himself) Rub Dean's head and sit under Newton. Sam smiles to himself and shrugs as he sits down on the g leaning his back against the base of the monument. He sits and watches the tourists and local visitors pass. Families and young people. The sun shines brightly.
73) 0) text: Sam rests against the statue. His head is slumped to the The horizon is now a purple and orange swathe of cotton. The courtyard is nearly empty. From the hillside, Sam notices a dirty old homeless man walking toward him. The HOMELESS KING stops in front of S and looks down. (CONTINUED)
73) 4) dialog: Uh huh. The homeless man tosses a dirty handkerchief down onto Sa lap.
73) 6) dialog: Who are you?
73) 8) dialog: Really?
74) 0) text: The Homeless King leads Sam down the hillside. Sam walks tentatively, still blindfolded by the dirty rag.
74) 1) dialog: Where are we going? Sam's feet slip on the loose dirt. The old man keeps him steady.
74) 3) dialog: Ok. A woman jogger passes the men without a second glance. Mu blasts from her headphones.
75) 0) text: Moving through a patch of large trees, the Homeless King guides Sam over the grass. (CONTINUED)
75) 4) dialog: I did know that. But thank you. They shuffle along - deeper into the forest.
76) 0) text: A family wraps up their food from a nearby picnic table. site of a child's birthday party. A few balloons, tied to a bucket, drift in the evening br No one pays any attention to the blindfolded man and his bitten guide. The Homeless King leads Sam past a tipped-over trash can. small coyote digs through the waste - his nose sifting th old hot dog buns and Zesty Taco Doritos. Sam hears the animal howling nearby.
76) 1) dialog: Is that a dog?
76) 3) dialog: It's not gonna bite me, right?
78) 0) text: The Homeless King stands behind Sam, leading him deeper.
78) 2) dialog: Where are we? The Homeless King exhales.
78) 4) dialog: Sure. Of course.
78) 6) dialog: This way? The old man nods his head as Sam walks down the sloping s tunnel. He runs his hands along the wall as he moves furt from the entrance. Intermittent floor-lights, cemented into the wall, illumi his path. The hatch closes with a clang. Sam glances back. The Home King is gone. Sam turns and continues deeper into the tunnel. 81 82 83 96.
79) 0) text: Sam follows the chiseled path. The stone walls open up a continuing to descend.
80) 0) text: Sam turns a corner and sees a long expanse of branching tunnels. Each dropping lower into darkness. Sam chooses o and walks deeper. He begins to reach additional pathways and optional turns It resembles a maze. Looking to his sides, Sam sees long expanses of square-cu tunnels sweeping into the earth. Concrete corridors similar to those found at a sports sta He turns a corner... and then another... All sense of direction is lost. Earthen walls and sloping floors. Finally... Sam sees a large stone doorway ahead.
81) 0) text: Entering the enormous room, Sam is surrounded by roughly painted dry wall, exposed rebar, construction markings, a nail-filled wooden beams. In the center of the room is a long dining table with no chairs. It's covered in the dust of concrete. Thick wooden crates line the inner wall. They are labeled such... Food. Water. Batteries. Towels. Liquor Walking further into the giant space, Sam passes a roughe kitchen area with a massive refrigerator A generator is visible behind an unfinished wall. Inside the bathroom is a tub with gold fixtures, a shower a dead-end pipe - plumbing for an eventual toilet. Stepping into a third concrete-walled room, Sam sees a sp painted mark on the floor, designating the location for a A giant recess in the wall suggests the inclusion of some large format television. (CONTINUED)
81) 3) dialog: It's a fuckin' bomb shelter
82) 0) text: Sam follows a long corridor upwards. Each tired step brin him closer to some sort of imagined surface. Higher and higher he walks through the stone tunnels. His is weary.
83) 0) text: Sam inches his way through a dark shaft. His arms are pin close to the narrow side walls. Sharp-cut stone rubs agai his shoulders. A tiny speck of light is visible ahead. He hears music. Muzak?
84) 0) text: Sam's hand rises up from between the metal floor grates. cartons and frosted dairy racks litter the chilled cooler Sam lifts the grate up and sets it aside on the tile. He climbs out of the tight crawl-space and looks around. It's a supermarket. Fucking Gelson's. Sam laughs to himse Muzak plays from the store speakers: a softened, instrume version of Jesus and the Bride's of Dracula's hit single. Sam puts the floor grate back in place, and snatches a bo of milk. Exhausted and thirsty, he takes a big drink
85) 0) text: Sam wipes off his milk mustache as he stumbles through a bright aisle of food - milk bottle in hand.
86) 0) text: Sam sees a police car parked in Comic Man's driveway. He stares at it, while approaching the front porch. A COP steps out of the backyard, waving Sam away from the house. coP Hey... um... you can't go in there. (CONTINUED)
86) 3) dialog: What's going on? coP Are you a friend or family?
86) 4) dialog: I just know the guy... not very well... coP The neighbor found him. He committed suicide.
86) 5) dialog: Oh my God. He didn't seem suicidal. The cop debates answering.... coP Ahhhh... I've been in the man's house for two hours. There was something wrong with him. Sam nods. What else can he say?
87) 0) text: Further down the street, Sam hides behind some bushes - s on the police. He watches the cop car pull out of the dri and cruise off. Sam cuts behind some hedges, sneaking into the nearest backyard.
88) 0) text: Sam pries open Comic Man's kitchen window.
89) 0) text: Sam stands in the doorway of the bedroom. The sheets are covered in blood stains. The bed appears wet. Removing the secret panel from the wall, Sam crouches bef the security monitors and VCR. He starts to rewind the tape. Waiting, Sam notices the Moonstones cereal box sitting ne the monitor. He glances at the East Los Angeles map on ba Treasure Hunt! Fun Prizes! (CONTINUED)
89) 4) dialog: Ohhhh fuck. Sam watches the monitor - transfixed and disturbed by the image. Onscreen is a beautiful woman - naked except for her owl- cap, red lipstick and overgrown bush. The OWL'S KISS walks carefully, nearly creeping across th living room. She steps out of frame on her way to the bed Sam stares in surprise and a bit of horror He rewinds the tape, watching the Owl's Kiss enter one mo time. A dangling foot connected to a face of taxidermied skin. Sam presses PAUSE - freezing the naked figure mid-step - all her disturbing glory.
90) 0) text: Gripping the old Moonstones cereal box in his hand, Sam r down the street - frightened. He appears more mad than us by the light of day. Sam holds his cell phone up to his ear
90) 1) dialog: Allen!
90) 3) dialog: I'm fine. Mostly fine. Um... I was wondering if you might know how I can get in touch with Jesus? (CONTINUED)
90) 7) dialog: The lead singer from the band.
90) 9) dialog: Walking home.
90) 11) dialog: Not well.
91) 0) text: Still in the same clothes, looking sweaty and terrible, S sits in the passenger seat of Allen's beat-up Ford Focus. Allen turns the car, driving into a rich neighborhood off Hillhurst.
92) 0) text: A BATHING BEAUTY leads Sam and Allen through the large backyard to a small chess table near the pool. (CONTINUED)
92) 4) dialog: I'll be right back. (CONTINUED)
92) 8) dialog: Yup. Sam follows Jesus, walking toward the back door of the Mansion. Allen stares at the Pieces and Pawns shaking his head.
93) 0) text: Sam watches Jesus step into the rear bathroom. He closes old mahogany door. Sam walks straight down the hall, opens the door and step inside.
94) 0) text: Jesus is on the toilet with his pants around his ankles. looks up at Sam.
94) 3) dialog: Why did you put a code in the song?
94) 5) dialog: What are those tunnels for?
94) 10) dialog: Your song, "Turning Teeth".... there's a fucking code in it. I wanna know why you put it there and what it means. Jesus says nothing, turning his head away, trying to avoi situation.
94) 12) dialog: Fucking tell me! Jesus sobs and writhes in pain.
94) 15) dialog: How could you not know? You wrote the fucking song.
94) 17) dialog: Bullshit.
94) 19) dialog: Which songs did they give you?
94) 24) dialog: So all the hits? Jesus looks back - pissed.
94) 27) dialog: So who wrote the songs?
94) 29) dialog: You have no idea who wrote your own hit song? They didn't say anything?
94) 31) dialog: Thee songwriter?
95) 0) text: Near the bath house, Balloon Girl is chatting with Shooti Stars #1 and #2 - all dressed in their cute bathing suits matching shawls. The girls notice Sam approaching fast. H appears hyper-focused and disheveled. Sam grabs Shooting Star #1 by the arm and pulls her aside Balloon Girl and Shooting Star #2 hover nearby - concerne (CONTINUED)
95) 3) dialog: Hey...
95) 5) dialog: Remember the party you told me about? The gated neighborhood owned by some songwriter? Could you take me there?
96) 0) text: Sam walks with the girls, passing by another beautiful ma - a long stretch of perfect green grass. The girls wear t bathing suits and matching shawls. Clickety clacking in t heels. Sam is in yesterday's clothes - sweat stained and soiled.
96) 1) dialog: So how do you all know each other?
96) 4) dialog: Oh.
96) 6) dialog: (to Balloon Girl) You too?
96) 8) dialog: I didn't know you were an actress.
96) 12) dialog: Are we getting close?
97) 0) text: Sam and the girls stand before a giant stone wall lining long stretch of some unmarked canyon road. They hug and s their goodbyes. Walking away, Balloon Girl waves to Sam as he begins to c the wall.
98) 0) text: Peeking out of the trees, Sam sees a wide and perfect sub street. Several giant houses dot the road. No people or c in sight. Sam walks through the neighborhood. It's like a ghost tow passes deserted estate houses moving through the canyon valley... tarp and plastic over furniture and empty parlo rooms. Rounding the bend, Sam sees a large stone mansion at the of the hill - reminiscent of Hearst Castle. Sam sneaks closer.
99) 0) text: Sam walks around back through the trees discovering a Gre pillared pool and grotto. Towering and enormous windows span the rear of the mansio Looking through the glass, Sam sees a giant vaulted ceili Sweeping arches. An enormous and ornate music hall. In the center of the room is a grand piano. Behind it, si very old and ugly white man. He is the SONGWRITER. The songwriter tilts his head, seeing Sam in the bushes. waves the young man inside. Sam hesitates, but the Songwriter continues to wave him closer. Sam steps out of the grass onto the marble patio near the sparkling blue pool. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: Keeping his distance, Sam stands near the doorway looking across the room at the old man on the piano bench. The Songwriter has wild grey hair. His skin is cracked an brittle. Old beyond belief. The hall is filled with mirrors, gold and vintage music a like some warped version of Versailles. An oversized poster of a vintage 50's album hangs above t piano: "Julie is her Name".
100) 1) dialog: You wrote "Turning Teeth" for Jesus and the Brides of Dracula. I know it was you.
100) 3) dialog: And the code in the music. I found the tunnels... and the bomb shelter
100) 5) dialog: What does it all mean? The Songwriter beckons Sam closer. Directing him to a sma stool facing the piano.
100) 7) dialog: Is that Kurt Cobain's Fender Mustang guitar? (CONTINUED)
100) 11) dialog: Can I pick it up? The Songwriter doesn't care. He shrugs his shoulders. Sur Sam carefully lifts the guitar and sits with it on the st Running his hand along the finish, Sam mumbles and takes of the guitar's neck and bridge. He strums a G chord and up at the old man behind the giant and ornate grand piano
100) 13) dialog: You've done this before? The codes? The Songwriter laughs. He starts to play "Stairway to Hea but transitions into "Macarena"
100) 15) dialog: You're telling me that there are messages hidden in old pop songs?
100) 17) dialog: Why? The songwriter ignores Sam. Humming along to a few random chords. Is that the theme song to "The Facts of Life"?
100) 21) dialog: What are the tunnels for? Is there gonna be a war? The Songwriter looks away, playing "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" a the piano keys.
100) 23) dialog: But you have everything. The Songwriter is quiet for a moment. He looks out at the trees against the hillside.
100) 25) dialog: Did you know this girl? The old man leans forward and looks at the picture. He sh his head.
100) 27) dialog: She was killed along with Jefferson Sevence. But I think you knew that.
100) 34) dialog: I don't believe you.
100) 39) dialog: That's funny to you?
100) 42) dialog: Stop it. The Songwriter laughs. His cackling along with the plinki keys of the grand piano echoes through the gigantic hall.
100) 43) dialog: Who paid you to write these songs? The Songwriter smiles and nods as he reaches into his poc He lifts up a small HANDGUN, aiming it at Sam's head.
100) 46) dialog: What are the tunnels for?! BANG! Another bullet flies by his head. The music still p
100) 47) dialog: Tell me what happened to Sarah! Sam charges the old man, raising the guitar over his head an axe. We hear the roar of guitar feedback. Warped notes (CONTINUED)
101) 0) text: Sam leans out his patio door, drinking a beer - visibly shaken. The wind blows through his hair. A dark pink sky is visible over the rooftops. Rain clouds approach. Lightning snaps across the horizon, followed by the low rumble of thunder The neighbor's bird CAWS loudly. On the television, an old movie plays. It's the 1956 vers of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers". Kevin McCarthy runs across the I-5 overpass screaming. Cars cruise along, ign his crazed warning.
102) 0) text: 105 The gas lamps that line the garden walkway offer dim pool orange light. Sam walks slowly through the apartment comp twisting paths. The trickle of running water through the stream follows h footsteps. Sam sips an iced latte, carrying an LA Weekly under his a Jesus and the Brides of Dracula pose on the cover. The partially obscured headline reads:
103) 0) text: Sam lifts his head from the damp pillow. Rain pours again the bedroom window. Thunder rumbles - long and steady. A cascade of lightning illuminates the messy bedroom - th Playboys on the floor. Issue July 1970. (CONTINUED)
104) 0) text: Sam steps into the living room with pistol in hand. He se hole in the glass of the sliding door... it's now half op The storm breeze moves across the blinds, blowing his paperwork across the carpet. The pages of "Code Breakers" "Spider Man" flip wildly. He moves closer to the patio. A careful step. Then anothe Behind Sam, a small cabinet door opens quietly. Long bare fold out from within - like the appendages of an insect - flesh stretches. Now fully emerged from the tight space, the OWL'S KISS st behind Sam with a kitchen knife in her hand. Sam turns and sees the naked woman in her owl-skin mask. jumps back as she silently sprints down the hall into his bedroom. The door closes. Sam stares in shock at the closed bedroom door.
105) 0) text: Sam enters the room carefully, peeking inside with the gu He turns on the bedroom light. She's not here. Sam checks under the bed... in the closet... nothing. Lightning flashes. A coyote HOWLS in the distance. Tense. Sam opens his dresser drawer. The gun angled down toward his socks and underwear Knock! Knock! Knock! Sam turns toward the sound...
106) 0) text: Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock! Sam looks through the peep hole and sees a Los Angeles Sh on the other side.
106) 1) dialog: (whispers to himself) Fuck. (CONTINUED)
106) 4) dialog: Hello.
106) 6) dialog: Oh... This is about my rent? Sam seems relieved for a moment. It could be worse.
106) 9) dialog: Is there any way I could have a couple more days?
106) 11) dialog: Please. I don't have anywhere to go. I'm close to getting the money. I promise I am.
106) 13) dialog: I understand.
107) 0) text: The rain has stopped. Water drips from the eaves. Sam smokes on the patio listening to the parrot caw. A garbage can falls over.
108) 0) text: Wearing his white undershirt and pajama pants, Sam follow coyote down the street. The coyote glances back at him, then scampers along. Down Griffith Park Boulevard... Past apartments and condos... Into the hillside neighborhood... Expensive homes... Beautiful cars... Things you can't possess... (CONTINUED)
109) 0) text: The coyote runs up the DRIVEWAY of a LARGE SILVERLAKE HOM disappears into the trees. Sam stands in front of the house and looks through the fr window. People are everywhere. A big party is taking plac Music pours from inside. Sam notices a familiar face in profile through the pictur window. It is Millicent Sevence. She disappears into the crowd.
110) 0) text: Sam walks through the party in his damp white undershirt. scans the crowd for Millicent. He passes a myriad of conversations. We hear only pieces them. Sam moves deeper, bumping shoulders as he cranes his neck trying to look above it all.
110) 17) dialog: I'm good.
110) 20) dialog: Oh. Hello. Congratulations.
110) 24) dialog: Oh. It's ok. His face doesn't sell the lie. The beautiful woman plays anyway.
110) 26) dialog: I saw your... billboard.
110) 30) dialog: There's more than one? The girl grins and nods her head - a long and awkward mom
110) 31) dialog: On Los Feliz near Bigfoot.
110) 33) dialog: Yup. Same here. Handsome Man squeezes her hand gently. Ex glances over, t steps towards Sam to offer a quick goodbye hug.
110) 35) dialog: Yeah. Yeah. You too. Sam watches Ex walk away with Handsome Man. In the distance, he sees Millicent stepping into a nearby room.
111) 0) text: Millicent stands before a beautiful flower painting. She focuses on it. Sam steps alongside her and admires the petunia painting tandem.
111) 2) dialog: It is.
111) 4) dialog: No.
111) 8) dialog: Oh. My mom likes her.
111) 11) dialog: Yeah. There's a sadness about Millicent that Sam suddenly recognizes. A soft tone guides their encounter.
111) 12) dialog: I was friends with one of the girls that was with your dad. She was a nice person.
111) 14) dialog: I've been trying to find out what happened to her.
111) 16) dialog: Yeah.
112) 0) text: The WATER within the RESERVOIR is calm, reflecting the mo glow. A few ducks quack and drift along as herons fly overhead. Sam and Millicent walk together along the outer fence tha surrounds the giant water reserve.
112) 2) dialog: I don't know. I can't see it yet. But I'm close... I think. (CONTINUED)
112) 6) dialog: I think we're safe. We don't have a dog with us.
112) 8) dialog: I'm not sure that's true. They walk a bit further. Sam reaches over and takes Millicent's hand in his own.
112) 10) dialog: Eh... It's hard to say. I got bit by my grandparents' terrier when I was a kid. I guess they kinda scare me a little bit. (CONTINUED)
112) 14) dialog: Yeah. They walk further, looking out at the water across the reservoir. Moonlight and stars reflect against the mirror surface of the man-made lake. Sam look at Millicent's gentle and beautiful face. She lo back at him with a nearly imperceptible grin. They share moment of connection. Unspoken, and stronger for it. Two small figures under a dark sky - rounding the giant l Up ahead, a LONG HAIRED WINO sits against the fence. As S and Millicent approach, he leans forward and shouts.
112) 17) dialog: (resentful) Nope. Sorry. Sam avoids the man's feet, extended onto the walkway - an intentional obstacle.
112) 19) dialog: Fuck you.
112) 23) dialog: (speaking softly) I know it's not ok to say this, but I really fucking hate the homeless. Everyone says they need our help but I think they're bullies. They're like... poltergeists.
112) 25) dialog: Yeah... all they do is float around on the periphery... watching people eat tasty food, drink beer and be in love... and they can't participate... so they get jealous and harass us. Millicent raises her brow.
112) 28) dialog: In the reservoir?
112) 30) dialog: Eh eh. Millicent starts to climb the fence. Designer shoes scuff through the chain links. Delicate hands pulling her highe (CONTINUED)
113) 0) text: Standing at the edge of the concrete water basin, Millice and Sam take off their clothes. Now in the water, the pair swim toward the center of the reservoir. Quietly. Knowing glances between them. Naked b just below the surface. House lights are visible against the hillside landscape a them. A dark sea in the backyards of people's homes. This is sacred territory and they both feel it. Treading water in the middle of the reservoir, Sam and Millicent face each other - occasionally looking up and o at the dark hills which cup them like hands holding bath water. The night sky, the stars and the moon settle along the su of the lake. Millicent moves in. Closer to Sam. She nuzzles her cheek against his neck. Hands touching skin under the water. She kisses his ear. Whispering very close and quiet...
113) 2) dialog: (whispering) Are you kidding?
113) 4) dialog: (whispering) We're not? (CONTINUED)
113) 8) dialog: C3 to E6. Sounds like a chess move. Did your dad play chess?
113) 10) dialog: What the... Tiny splashes appear along the surface of the lake over Millicent's shoulder. Quiet gunfire. Pop! Pop!
113) 11) dialog: Get under the water. Sam takes a giant breath and dives down beneath the surfa He pulls on Millicent's arm, but they're separated in the chaos. Deeper he goes. Bubbles and swirling liquid blur Sam's vision. He swims u the water as bullets spread around him - diving like peng Sam sees her... Dropping... Through the blue water... (CONTINUED)
114) 0) text: Sam walks quickly down the garden path - still naked and
115) 0) text: Sam wakes up. Naked on his living room carpet. The silver bracelet around his wrist. He stares at the inscription around the band, twisting it his hand. The sun is bright through the open patio door.
115) 1) dialog: C3 to E6. C3 to E6? The neighbor's parrot CAWS from across the way.
115) 3) text: Nawwwwwddduuumeennndd Sam stares at the bracelet.
115) 4) dialog: (under his breath) What the fuck are you saying?
116) 0) text: Sam opens an old Milton Bradley chess box. He flips the b out and grabs his black Sharpie marker
116) 1) dialog: C3... to... Sam circles the square C3 on the chess board - drawing an arrow towards E6 across the checkered boxes. (CONTINUED)
116) 7) dialog: 
116) 9) dialog: Hm. Sam looks back at the bracelet.
116) 10) dialog: NPM 1 35 to 37. NPM. NPM. What the fuck is NPM? Sam sits with his laptop, typing the letters NPM into Goo Search. He scans the resulting page... nothing makes sense.
116) 11) dialog: 
116) 13) dialog: NPM issue number one. Fuck. The pages fly past us like a piece of animation, flipped across Sam's thumb. He settles on pages 35, 36 and 37. It's a subdivided map from "The Legend of Zelda". Sam smi as he notices the alphanumeric grids that cover the map. circles the squares corresponding to C3 and E6.
116) 14) dialog: What the fuck do I do with this? Outside, the parrot CACKLES. Children splash in the pool. (CONTINUED)
116) 18) dialog: So that's the reservoir. And... C3 is a wooded section of Mt. Hollywood.
116) 19) dialog: Mt. Hollywood? Sam opens google maps and brings up the Los Angeles overh map. He zooms in. Tighter and tighter on the rear section Mt. Hollywood. A small square of forest is BLACKED OUT. A solid graphic marked with text: Satellite Image Unavailable Sam stares at the small hidden square. He hits his hand d against the couch.
116) 20) dialog: What the fuck is in there?
117) 0) text: Sam races up the path along the LA river on an old BMX bi He's wearing a red hoodie over his head, looking like a m child from a Steven Spielberg movie. He stands on the pedals and lifts his head into the wind looking toward the tall green hills beyond the river He pedals faster. A man on a bicycle heading toward adven
118) 0) text: 121 122 123 Sam hikes through the woods, trudging up the hillside.
119) 0) text: Sam reaches the tall wooden fence. He notices several pai marks along the wall.
120) 0) text: Reaching a clearing, Sam steps through the trees and look ahead. He sees a single straw hut in the middle of an overgrown field. A few Alberto Giacometti human-figure sculptures stand li scarecrows within the grass. An eerie expression of the emaciated human form. Tall or short... all with appendage like twigs. Sam walks toward the straw hut, checking the gun tucked i his waist band. He hears water splashing from inside. Delicately.
121) 0) text: Arriving at the doorway of the hut, Sam looks inside. He fifty-nine-year-old man in a white gown, crouched on the floor. This man, the FINAL MAN, is washing the feet of three you women in white rags. Sam recognizes their faces as they l up from their seated positions along the wood floor. (CONTINUED)
121) 3) dialog: Hello? The Final Man turns and faces Sam. He remains sitting Ind style in the center of the straw hut. The three beautiful young women sitting in a row along the wall.
121) 6) dialog: Um... yeah. The girls cock their inquisitive heads as Sam clears his throat.
121) 7) dialog: My friend Sarah was killed. These girls know something about it.
121) 9) dialog: I saw her taking things from Sarah's apartment. Sam points at Troy. She smiles as his finger singles her
121) 10) dialog: I found a code in their friend's song. I've been in the tunnels.
121) 15) dialog: I found a bunker down there. Some kind of shelter in case of a nuclear war.
121) 17) dialog: What is it then? The Final Man places a small cup of tea on the floor in f of Sam.
121) 19) dialog: What? Mae's face brightens with excitement. She looks to the Fi Man.
121) 22) dialog: Why would Jefferson Sevence need a tomb underneath the city? The Final Man glances over at his Ascension Brides. He ma face to them - suggesting that Sam doesn't "get it". Troy grins back in adoration.
121) 23) dialog: A cemetery isn't good enough? Sam glares at them all - growing more irritated with thei smug and holy demeanor.
121) 27) dialog: Are you talking about heaven?
121) 30) dialog: Are you dying? The man shakes his head, smiling at the course of Sam's ignorant interrogation.
121) 33) dialog: And then you die? The Final Man gulps his tea in a single shot - setting th back on the tray.
121) 39) dialog: Who did you kill?
121) 41) dialog: Did you kill Sarah? The Final Man pulls a bamboo framed photo off the wall ne the doorway. He offers it up to Sam.
121) 45) dialog: They were here? Looking closer, Sam notices that Sarah's "How to Marry a Millionaire" dolls are visible on the floor behind her
121) 46) dialog: Is Sarah alive?
121) 48) dialog: She's in one of those tombs? Fannie nods her head - a big smile of anticipation across face.
121) 49) dialog: With Sevence?
121) 51) dialog: But they found his body.
121) 54) dialog: I never gave it much thought. (CONTINUED)
121) 65) dialog: I think you're gonna bury yourself alive. You're gonna run out of food and you're gonna fucking eat each other and die. After that... I have no idea.
121) 71) dialog: I just... want to see Sarah.
121) 73) dialog: They have a phone? (CONTINUED)
121) 77) dialog: They're trapped? The phone continues to ring - very quietly from the recei Static on the screen.
121) 83) dialog: Sarah? Can you hear me?
121) 85) dialog: I've been looking for you.
121) 87) dialog: Yeah.
121) 89) dialog: I know.
121) 91) dialog: Do I sound angry?
121) 93) dialog: I just wanted to know what happened to you.
121) 95) dialog: Do you really want to stay down there?
121) 99) dialog: You're gonna die down there. Is that what you want? Sarah stares into the televison screen - deep in thought. face displays a range of feelings. Joy. Fear. Doubt. Sarah looks back at Jefferson and her roommates - all lau before the giant television.
121) 109) dialog: Maybe. Sarah exhales with a vocal sigh, stretching her arm out i frustration.
121) 112) dialog: Yeah... Sam looks away from the tv monitor and stares through the doorway into the outside world.
121) 113) dialog: Same here. Sarah nods at the screen, fidgeting with her dress. Takin moment to herself.
121) 115) dialog: Not great.
121) 117) dialog: No.
121) 119) dialog: I'll think about it. (CONTINUED)
121) 123) dialog: Ok. Well enjoy your dinner.
121) 125) dialog: Bye. Sarah places her receiver down as the Final Man turns off monitor. He takes the phone away from Sam.
121) 134) dialog: How did you you know I was here?
121) 136) dialog: Oh. Sam rests his head on the cool wooden tile. (CONTINUED)
122) 0) text: Sam opens his eyes. He's chained to a chair in a small concrete room. No windows. Very dark. The homeless king stands before him - blocking the stone doorway. Sam takes a breath.
122) 1) dialog: What happened to that man? And those girls?
122) 3) dialog: And so now you're gonna kill me?
122) 5) dialog: (nervous) No. The Homeless King lifts up his hand, revealing a few dog biscuits in his palm.
122) 8) dialog: I used to like a girl who had a dog. (CONTINUED)
122) 12) dialog: A long time ago. The Homeless King considers the response - debates a repl
122) 14) dialog: Uh huh. The Homeless King stares into Sam's eyes - waiting for mo He repeats his question like a mantra.
122) 16) dialog: I was waiting for her to take me back. I wanted to give the dog a treat and rub its ears - like the way I used to. And everything would be good again. The Homeless King moves closer, looking down at his priso with Christ-like eyes. He unlocks Sam's chains and steps the side - offering a clear path towards the doorway.
122) 18) dialog: Really?
122) 20) dialog: You're not gonna kill me?
122) 24) dialog: I won't. Sam stands up and begins to cross the room - hesitantly.
122) 26) dialog: Goodbye. Sam walks to the doorway. He reaches a tall staircase. Sam begins to climb up the very long and very narrow row stone steps. Where does this staircase go? Sam lifts a metal door. Bright light pours down into the passageway.
123) 0) text: Sam emerges in the parking lot of the 76 gas station near Hillhurst and Los Feliz. The street is bustling. The sun peeks through the clouds. Music zips past Sam as cars race by in both directions. L Gaga. Neil Diamond. David Bowie. Cher. Jesus and the Brid Dracula. Just pieces. Fragmented and warped together by the dopple effect. All songs become one singular melody... I'm pickin' up good vibrations She givin' me excitations Good good good gooooood Vibraazzzgwuqhewuwjhhajasodasdkasdasda! !!! Sam walks along the busy road of Los Feliz. Cars race by. Loudly. Sam is in a daze.
124) 0) text: Sam stares up at the hills above the trees. He squints and strains, imagining 8-bit Egyptian mazes an tombs from Super Mario Bros. 2 - superimposed over the hillside. (CONTINUED)
125) 0) text: Sam passes some Latino teenagers picnicking near the Mulholland Memorial fountain. The kids are listening to m as they eat their food. Madonna's "Express Yourself" plays loudly from the cheap portable speakers on their blanket... You don't need diamond rings Or eighteen karat gold Fancy cars that go very fast You know they never last, no, no What you need is a big strong hand To lift you to your higher ground Make you feel like a queen on a throne Make him love you till you can't come down You'll never come down Sam crosses the I-5 overpass. Traffic is thick. The cars slowly now - bumper to bumper down Los Feliz. Sam looks a them as he walks along. Below him, cars idle along the I-5 freeway. Here is the site of Kevin McCarthy's dramatic plea for he the conclusion of "Invasion of the Body Snatchers". Should Sam scream a warning? Yell out to the passing cars He says nothing. Watching them pass. Remaining silent.
126) 0) text: Sam walks along the sidewalk, passing by the Contact Lens Billboard. Workers are switching out the signage. The contact lens a being replaced with a McDonalds advertisement. (CONTINUED)
127) 0) text: Sam passes by the coffee shop. He looks inside at the pre bakery girls. They laugh and chatter as they clean the co and flip chairs onto tables. He sees them through the window's faded sharpie handwriti still visible across the glass.
128) 0) text: Sam enters his apartment with a bag of groceries. He ignores the large, spray-painted mark across his dinin room wall. °c Sam unloads the bag: A 2-quart container of Tropicana Ori Orange Juice and a box of Nabisco Original Premium Saltin Crackers. He sets the groceries on the counter alongside an opened priority envelope.
129) 0) text: Sam is sitting on the couch, staring at the July 1970 Pla cover. In the background, the groceries remain along the counter though opened. Crackers spread like dominos out of their plastic bag. A pulp covered glass of orange juice - half drunk. Sarah's picture rests on Sam's lap. The gun sits neatly on the white CB2 tv tray before him. His dusty VCR is on the carpet - cables and plugs running it to the back of the tv. A shaky VHS recording plays on the television. It is "Sev Heaven". Janet Gaynor cries and emotes with grand perfect and beauty. (CONTINUED)
129) 4) text: Rrrottafendnnnddddd! Sam looks towards the window. Breathing slowly. Debating. unblinking.
130) 0) text: Sam stands in the hallway, knocking on an apartment door The Bird Woman opens the door, wearing a t-shirt and no b She looks at Sam with a suspicious expression. The look o housewife greeting a door-to-door salesman. Sam smiles to her.
131) 0) text: Sam and the Bird Woman lie naked on the living room floor sweaty and tired. A throw-rug under their bodies. A couch cushion under the heads. The Topless Bird Woman nuzzles close to Sam. Affectionate smells his chest and shoulder.
131) 2) dialog: No. The parrot caws from outside on the woman's balcony. Sam towards it - perched in its cage.
131) 4) dialog: What's the bird saying? The Bird Woman looks back toward the patio. She shakes he head. (CONTINUED)
132) 0) text: Sam stands alone on the woman's balcony. The birds are qu in their cages. Gentle rustling. Lighting a cigarette, Sam looks across the courtyard to h own apartment - hidden in the trees and foliage. He looks through the open window into his home. It's quiet and still. Finally... Sam's front door opens, and the Apartment Manager steps i the dimly lit living room. The Sheriff follows him inside Sam watches the men, from his hidden perch, as they sift through his things, pointing at the walls and shaking the heads. Sam exhales smoke... The End Credits Roll. We hear REM's "Strange Currencies"...