2) 26) dialog: (0.S.)
2) 27) text: Coca-Cola! Come on, you little soda pop. It's swimming time. Sam leans forward and looks down through the trees. He se young woman in a bikini, SARAH, walking along the garden a portable sound system in hand. The music is louder and clearer now. It's the latest hit "Tongue & Teeth" by the indie-rock band Jesus and the Bri of Dracula. Holding the gate open, Sarah waits as her little dog, COC COLA, follows her inside. A small bell on its collar ring dings as it scampers along the hot concrete. Sarah's face is half covered by a white and frilly Easter style hat. Colored straw and soft pink ribbons. (CONTINUED)
2) 29) dialog: (in a girlish voice) Coca-Cola. I knowww. You liiiike the sun. Gooooood boy. Sam watches her coddling the animal... stretching her lon body across a lounge chair in the sun. He leans closer, peeping over the rim of the balcony - a gentle grin forming on his face. The song's chorus repeats loudly from the portable speake You and I... turning like teeth... loving beneath... the surface. A neighboring balcony door slides open with a bang - reverberating over the pool courtyard. Sam sees the tople bird woman emerge from her apartment. A scowl on her face
2) 32) dialog: That's as quiet as it gets!
2) 34) dialog: You looooove this song don't you?! As she sways, Sam aims his binoculars at the young woman' ass. Bang! Bang! Bang! Someone pounds on Sam's front door Sarah hears it, turns her head and looks straight into Sa viewfinder. Sam lowers the binoculars and scoots back from the balcon edge - out of view. Mouth slightly agape, Sarah stares up through the over-gr turning her head and squinting for another glimpse of the phantom face and lens. Sam crawls inside his apartment, staying low to the carpe Bang! Bang! The mystery visitor continues to pound on Sam front door. From a stooped position on the floor, Sam pulls the blind closed.
8) 4) dialog: Hello.
8) 6) dialog: Wow. Look at that, Coca-Cola. This nice man gave you a treat. Can you say thank you? The dog just continues to eat - chewing small and fast bi
8) 8) dialog: Yeah. Dependable as sunshine. Sam doesn't follow, but he plays along, watching Sarah's through her low hanging dress.
8) 12) dialog: An old one... I think. My great grandma used to say it. She was a pretty smart lady. Sam just nods along, looking from Sarah's grinning face t hanging chest - as she leans far forward.
8) 13) dialog: What kind of dog do you have?
8) 15) dialog: Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
8) 17) dialog: Well it's nice to meet you.
8) 19) dialog: Uhh... You wanna come in for a minute? Have a drink?
9) 0) text: Sarah hands Sam a cocktail. He stands in the middle of he cluttered living room. Women's things. Sarah falls back and stretches across her recliner. Sam s next to her on the couch. Sarah giggles to herself. Uncontrollably.
9) 2) dialog: I saw you spying on me. Earlier
9) 6) dialog: At the pool. I saw you.
9) 8) dialog: Fine. You weren't spying, but I saw you on your balcony. Will you at least admit to that?
9) 10) dialog: Were you masturbating?
9) 12) dialog: Well it's not that strange. I masturbate...
9) 14) dialog: (simple and sincere) Doesn't everybody?
9) 16) dialog: Ok. I believe you. Sarah reaches over and lifts up a large bong from the flo It's a glass ice bong, filled with pink spiral percolator Top of the line. (CONTINUED)
9) 18) dialog: Wanna get stoned?
10) 0) text: The pair are fucked up. Stoned and eating snacks on Sarah white, old-lady, flower-quilted bed. Antique furniture, almost girlish in nature, fills the ro White silk hangs from the tall bed posts. They are watching a scene from "How to Marry a Millionair the little bedroom tv. Marilyn flirts and glows onscreen. Coca Cola lays in the bed next to Sarah. Three collectible Barbie dolls sit on top of the televisi They are modeled after Marilyn Monroe, Betty Grable, and Lauren Bacall. A perfect match for the movie playing belo them. Sam notices a simple silver bracelet around Sarah's wrist touches it, moving his fingers over it and onto the back her hand. He gently caresses her skin. Playful. Flirting.
10) 2) dialog: Yeah. From an old boyfriend.
10) 4) dialog: Yup. Sarah stretches her leg out and turns her ankle in Sam's direction. On it, is a tattoo of a cartoon zebra hang gli
10) 5) dialog: What do you think of my tattoo?
10) 7) dialog: No. Temporary. From a pack of gum. (CONTINUED)
10) 12) dialog: Okayyyy. Here we go. Sarah puts the crackers in her mouth and immediately take big sip of 0J. She chews and swallows it all as she talks Sam stares at the freckles on her chest.
10) 13) dialog: (with her mouth full) I know you think it's gross... but this one time when I was sick in grade school, I started eating saltines, instead of my chicken noodle... then I took a sip of oj and... it was delicious. Sam holds his grin.
10) 14) dialog: It's one of those undiscovered unknown combinations that no one should die without trying once.
10) 16) dialog: Now you gotta try it. Sarah picks up two more saltines and holds them up before Sam's mouth. She leans very close, studying and guiding t the wafers like a jeweler focused on a diamond. Sam moves his head past the crackers and kisses Sarah's p lips. They make out for a moment on the bed. Sam pulls away, and Sarah continues to chew a bit of the cracker in her mouth - staring into Sam's eyes. She smiles and laughs. Just the sound of air through her The front door opens. Voices and shuffling interrupt the (CONTINUED)
10) 20) dialog: Ok. Sarah watches as her roommates swarm the space. Noise. Sh looks around, trying to decide what to do. Sam leans towa her on the bed.
10) 22) dialog: No. I should probably call it a night.
10) 24) dialog: Not tonight, ok?
10) 26) dialog: Come over tomorrow afternoon. We can hang out then.
11) 0) text: Walking toward the door, Sam passes Sarah's roommates. Th don't pay any attention to him, moving around like bees w their boxes of designer shoes. Not even a smile or a nod. They are probably models... or aspiring to be. The pirate dude sits on the couch with his legs crossed - staring the other way. Aloof. (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: Goodnight .
11) 8) dialog: Good. Sam walks outside as Sarah closes the door
18) 0) text: Sam walks along the garden path towards Sarah's apartment He knocks on her front door. No one answers. Sam walks around back and steps onto Sarah's patio. Coca isn't there. The patio chairs are missing. The old newspa and dog poop are gone. The young man peeks in through the patio door. The blinds open. There's no furniture inside. The apartment is completely empty.
21) 0) text: Sam steps behind some shrubs, locating Sarah's bedroom wi He's sweaty. A bit drunk. He looks back and scans the neighboring balconies. Seems clear. No one's around. The young man slides a screwdriver behind the window scre and pops it out. Quickly, he climbs inside with a thud.
22) 0) text: Sam twists the blinds closed - covering the open window. He turns and faces the empty room. Dust sits along the ca edges where furniture once stood. Sam looks down the hallway into the vacant living room. H casually spins back and sees the closed closet door. He walks over and opens it. The clothes and shoes are gon But at the top of the shelf is a box. Sam pulls it down a looks inside. He sees some music CDs, a dance trophy, three collectible Barbie dolls from the "How to Marry a Millionaire" series open pack of Fruit Stripes gum, a pink vibrator and a photograph of Sarah. Sam grabs the picture of Sarah smili her white hat, and puts it in his pocket. He hears a sound. Keys rattling. The front door begins to unlock. Sam puts the box back on the shelf, steps out and closes closet door. He hears the front door click as it starts t open. Thinking fast, Sam climbs back out the bedroom window. He reaches in and settles the shaking blinds.
32) 0) text: The toilet flushes and Troy opens her stall. Sam is stand between her and the sink. Troy gives him a dirty look and tries to walk around him. Sam blocks her path, holding up photo of Sarah.
35) 0) text: Standing on his kitchen tile, Sam strips off his clothes a garbage bag. The television is on nearby. A beautifully decorated cookie sits on his counter-top ne Sarah's photo and a parking ticket covered in symbols and scribbles.
38) 0) text: Looking down at the pool, Sam sees Sarah swimming alone i blue water. Sarah splashes... laughing like Marilyn Monroe. She swims closer, looking up at Sam. He realizes that she naked. (CONTINUED)
38) 3) dialog: Come on in. The water is so refreshing. Sam watches as Sarah reaches the nearest edge of the pool props herself on her elbows and lifts a single leg up ont deck - mimicking Marilyn. She giggles and laughs with a g grin. Sam stares. More laughter Sarah climbs out and sits on the edge of the pool. With h back to us, she turns and smiles over her shoulder... tea her body. She begins to bark at us - the sound of a large dog - something vicious. Her face is beautiful but her barks are horrific. Sam watches as she playfully hops back into the pool and underwater. Splash. It's quiet now. Sam leans over the railing and looks down The water settles... no one is in the pool.
39) 0) text: Sam opens his eyes, rolls out of bed and looks straight o the window. He sees police stringing crime-scene tape ove Sarah's apartment door.
44) 0) text: Sitting on the couch, surrounded by books, odd tchotchkes "Under the Silver Lake" zines, Sam draws the double diamo shape on paper. °c Sam's photograph of Sarah sits on the paper next to the drawing. Comic Man leans in and looks at the symbol.
63) 0) text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around hi He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA weekly. Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their ey appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding betwe photograph and a man. Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images... A naked Penny Baker from 1984... A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970... A modern supermodel in a purple bra... A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans... Sarah in her white hat... Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People A giant breasted porn star... Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of th Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper. Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex c Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the sm faces of several pretty young women. Different than the average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls' faces. He's seen these girls before. Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie. Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. I reads: Shooting Star Escorts Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight! (CONTINUED)
121) 82) dialog: Hello?
121) 84) dialog: Yeah. Hellooo.
121) 86) dialog: Really?
121) 88) dialog: You hardly know me.
121) 90) dialog: Are you annoyed with me? You angry?
121) 92) dialog: Kinda.
121) 94) dialog: Oh.
121) 96) dialog: Yeah. (CONTINUED)
121) 100) dialog: I'm gonna take this in the bedroom. She holds the phone out towards her Brunette Roommate.
121) 101) dialog: Will you hang it up when I get in there?
121) 104) dialog: I got it!
121) 108) dialog: (meek and quiet) Do you think I made a mistake? Coming down here? Sam looks at the Final Man before responding.
121) 110) dialog: Ehhhhhhh. She shakes off the bad feelings.
121) 111) dialog: Well there's no getting out, so I may as well make the best of things, huh?
121) 114) dialog: So... how are you doing?
121) 116) dialog: Have you thought about getting another dog?
121) 118) dialog: It might be good for you. A little unconditional love.
121) 122) dialog: Um... I should probably get going. I said I'd make dinner tonight. I have a million things to do.
121) 124) dialog: Thanks. Take care.
129) 0) text: Sam is sitting on the couch, staring at the July 1970 Pla cover. In the background, the groceries remain along the counter though opened. Crackers spread like dominos out of their plastic bag. A pulp covered glass of orange juice - half drunk. Sarah's picture rests on Sam's lap. The gun sits neatly on the white CB2 tv tray before him. His dusty VCR is on the carpet - cables and plugs running it to the back of the tv. A shaky VHS recording plays on the television. It is "Sev Heaven". Janet Gaynor cries and emotes with grand perfect and beauty. (CONTINUED)