51) 7) dialog: Yeah.
51) 8) dialog: That's us. The girls smile and stare at Sam through stoned eyes. DIAMOND GRILL ignores him, smoking his joint and touching girls' faces.
51) 10) dialog: Thank you. SHOOTING STAR #1 smiles and nods, looking down at the gro with a shy shuffle. Her short Seberg-hair catches the lig
51) 11) dialog: Do you like the movie?
51) 13) dialog: Gosh, do ya smell that? Sam takes a deep breath.
51) 14) dialog: Smells like skunks and... pot The Seberg-girl displays an exaggerated grimace. Too pout a grown woman.
51) 19) dialog: Ok. Diamond Grill leads them toward a limousine, parked along inner drive. They stumble in their heels, under the influ Sam watches them climb inside, slumping together across leather seats. Light music emanates. A man's head peeks out from within the dark limo. It's the Hipster Pirate. Sam reacts - taking a step close The door shuts. Slam! The limousine accelerates down the cemetery road, disappe around the corner. Behind Sam, on the mausoleum wall, the short haired girl smiles and flirts with a small town boy.
63) 0) text: Sam lays out a Playboy centerfold, a Victoria's Secret catalogue, an Urban Outfitters catalogue, Sarah's photo, People magazine, and an open Hustler on the bed around hi He starts to masturbate, flipping through the newest LA weekly. Sam stares at an image of the Brides of Dracula. Their ey appear to stare back at him. A sexual understanding betwe photograph and a man. Sam strokes himself, glancing at the other images... A naked Penny Baker from 1984... A submerged and nude Carol Willis from 1970... A modern supermodel in a purple bra... A sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans... Sarah in her white hat... Mrs. Sevence and Millicent, crying on the cover of People A giant breasted porn star... Continuing to pleasure himself, Sam flips the pages of th Weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper. Strippers and whores. Phone numbers for escorts and sex c Sam notices a quarter page advertisement featuring the sm faces of several pretty young women. Different than the average stripper or sex ad. Sam looks down at the girls' faces. He's seen these girls before. Very short hair on one. Pigtails on the other It's the two Shooting Star girls from the cemetery movie. Sam stops jerking off and examines the ad more closely. I reads: Shooting Star Escorts Enjoy the Company of Hollywood's Up and Coming Ingenues Grab Hold of a Shooting Star Tonight! (CONTINUED)
64) 3) dialog: Hey! It's you.
65) 4) dialog: What do you do?
65) 6) dialog: I mean for work.
65) 8) dialog: People have to work. Sam nods, turning down the music with the remote.
65) 10) dialog: You know, I made one little indie movie - didn't make a penny off it. I moved out and here and I was waitressing. I could barely pay rent. You know how expensive it is here?
65) 12) dialog: (putting on a show) You want a blow job from the supporting actress Academy Award nominee from last year? Call Shooting Star. She starts to shift and pull down on her cotton dress.
65) 13) dialog: (putting on a show) You wanna go down on the girlfriend of the lead character from your favorite sitcom? Call Shooting Star. Shooting Star #1 takes a step closer to Sam, still undres (CONTINUED)
65) 16) dialog: (putting on a show) You wanna fuck an IT girl? It's not that hard. With her her bra strap revealed, the girl points at Sam.
65) 17) dialog: Youuuu are a patron of the arts... and I can pay my bills. Sam laughs. The Shooting Star smiles and laughs along. Sh pulls her dress down, stepping over it with her heels.
65) 18) dialog: You gave them your credit card, right? The young woman stands before Sam in her bra and panties.
65) 21) dialog: (whispering) Shhhhhhhh. Shooting Star #1 rubs her hands down Sam's head to his ba and shoulders. The young woman sways a bit to the music.
65) 23) dialog: I have no idea. The girl lowers herself down against Sam. Brushing her le against his crotch. She moves slowly, shifting into some of a lap dance.
65) 27) dialog: No. He was... anonymous.
65) 29) dialog: Eh eh. Shooting Star #1 stares directly at Sam, offering him a s and innocent look of naivete. A shoulder shrug and a pout
65) 30) dialog: You have any food?
65) 32) dialog: I know this girl.
65) 34) dialog: She was at this party I went toa couple years ago. Shooting Star #1 walks over, bringing the picture with he She sits down next to Sam, gobbling her food.
65) 36) dialog: No. That would've been impossible. The girl laughs and continues. (CONTINUED)
65) 39) dialog: She was in this glass cube in the middle of a living room. Some kind of bad performance art I guess. She was just sitting on a stool in a dalmation fur bathing suit. Not moving or making eye contact. These drunk old men kept tapping the glass but she wouldn't budge.
65) 41) dialog: This asshole producer. He brought me and a few other girls as his dates.
65) 43) dialog: I don't remember... he makes those big action movies based on household cleaning products.
65) 45) dialog: So we get to this place and they let us in the gate. They check our ID's, we just wander the streets of this luxury neighborhood... walking into whatever house we want, whatever room we want. There's food everywhere. Music. Dancers. Craziness. It was this big open party, like straight outta Gatsby.
65) 47) dialog: No one ever said. It was really weird. But at the end of the block, the biggest house on the block, this grey stone mansion... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
65) 51) dialog: When I was cleaning up in the bathroom, I heard some girls gossiping about the place. One of 'em said she'd heard it was owned by some songwriter
65) 53) dialog: No shit. The pair begin to kiss.
95) 0) text: Near the bath house, Balloon Girl is chatting with Shooti Stars #1 and #2 - all dressed in their cute bathing suits matching shawls. The girls notice Sam approaching fast. H appears hyper-focused and disheveled. Sam grabs Shooting Star #1 by the arm and pulls her aside Balloon Girl and Shooting Star #2 hover nearby - concerne (CONTINUED)
95) 4) dialog: What is it?
95) 6) dialog: Uh huh.
96) 3) dialog: And we work together.
96) 5) dialog: We're all Shooting Stars. Sam looks over at Balloon Girl. She strides down the side with young confidence.
96) 13) dialog: It's not far from here.