99) 0) text: Sam walks around back through the trees discovering a Gre pillared pool and grotto. Towering and enormous windows span the rear of the mansio Looking through the glass, Sam sees a giant vaulted ceili Sweeping arches. An enormous and ornate music hall. In the center of the room is a grand piano. Behind it, si very old and ugly white man. He is the SONGWRITER. The songwriter tilts his head, seeing Sam in the bushes. waves the young man inside. Sam hesitates, but the Songwriter continues to wave him closer. Sam steps out of the grass onto the marble patio near the sparkling blue pool. (CONTINUED)
99) 3) dialog: Come inside.
100) 0) text: Keeping his distance, Sam stands near the doorway looking across the room at the old man on the piano bench. The Songwriter has wild grey hair. His skin is cracked an brittle. Old beyond belief. The hall is filled with mirrors, gold and vintage music a like some warped version of Versailles. An oversized poster of a vintage 50's album hangs above t piano: "Julie is her Name".
100) 2) dialog: Uh huh.
100) 4) dialog: Ok.
100) 6) dialog: Come and sit down. Here. Sam steps closer, looking at the musical instruments lini the walls and floor. Guitars, a harpsichord, violins ukuleles, etcetera. Sam notices a Sonic Blue Fender Mustang guitar propped on floor stand. He points to it, staring in awe.
100) 10) dialog: Oh I'm not sure. Probably. I don't remember. I have so many things.
100) 12) dialog: I don't always worry what the message is. I just pass it along... I slip it between the notes... and hide it away for the people who know it's there.
100) 14) dialog: I wrote most of the music your dad grew up on, half of what you sang along to as a kid, and I'm still doin' it. These teenagers are dancing to myyyy music. Sam sees clear tubes running into the old man's nostrils connected to a silver canister marked with Japanese lette
100) 16) dialog: Movies and television shows... everything you know.
100) 18) dialog: Pop culture. Ugh. It floats away like tissue paper. I blow my nose. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
100) 22) dialog: I don't know. I'm just trying to make a living. Earn a few dollars. Sam looks around at the luxurious space.
100) 24) dialog: No. Sam pulls out the photo of Sarah. He holds it up for the Songwriter to see.
100) 26) dialog: She's pretty.
100) 28) dialog: I didn't. The Songwriter slams his hands down forming a low and resonating chord - letting it ring out. He plays another chord, slowly beginning to sing something resembling a fu dirge. (CONTINUED)
100) 31) dialog: (singing) Mulattoooo. Albinoooo. Mosquitoooo. Libidoooo. Sam stares at the man in horror. He glances down at the priceless guitar in his own hands.
100) 32) dialog: I don't care what's fashionable or cool. It's all silly and meaningless. I've created so many of the things that you care about... the songs that give your life purpose and joy. When you were fifteen and rebelling... you did that to my music. The Songwriter holds up his fingers and moves them like s legs - simultaneously playing the notes to Nirvana's "Sme Like Teen Spirit" with his other hand. Plink plink. Plink Plink plink
100) 33) dialog: It wasn't written on a distorted guitar... I wrote it... ona piano...here... in between a blowjob and an omelette. There's no rebellion. There's only me... earning a paycheck.
100) 35) dialog: Good. The real message was never intended for you. It's better if you just smile and dance. Enjoy the melody. The man plays more music, pointing to his chest.
100) 36) dialog: This ugly old man, me, I'm the voice of your generation, your grandparent's, your parent's and the young people who follow you. Sam stares in horror. He doesn't want to believe.
100) 37) dialog: It's funny... all the things you hope for, and dreeeeam about being a part of... they're all a fabrication. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
100) 38) text: 102 CONTINUED: (4) “102 SONGWRITER (cont'd) Your art, your writing, your culture is the shell of other men's ambitions. Ambitions beyond what you will ever understand.
100) 40) dialog: A little. The old man coughs and wheezes - dancing his fingers merr across the keyboard - performing a quick mad mixture of B Jesus and the Brides, Buddy Holly, N.W.A. and The Rolling Stones.
100) 41) dialog: I wrote this... and this... that... and this too...