23) 0) text: Sam remains there, behind the bushes, peeking into the bedroom. Waiting to see who's arrived. A young woman, TROY, in jean shorts and a Joan Jett and t Blackhearts t-shirt, steps into the bedroom. Her hair is and "dirty white". Her face is pretty, but a little mascu A tomboy, sex-pot and scenester combined. Sam watches the girl open the closet and go inside - a cl Trader Joe shopping bag in her hand. After a moment, she emerges with the box in her arms. Setting it down in the middle of the empty room, Troy dum the contents of the box into the bag. She reaches in, gra stick of gum and puts it in her mouth. Troy picks up the bag and walks into the hallway. As she leaves, the girl closes the bedroom door - reveali marking on the wall - previously hidden. °c Through the blinds, Sam stares at the strange symbol. Drawn in pink nail polish... Two diamond shapes, joined at the tip... °c Sam stares at the symbol for a moment. Clearly puzzled. A storm door closes. Footsteps. Sam ducks and watches Troy cross by, swinging her bag of goodies along the garden path.
24) 0) text: Trailing the girl from the opposite side of the street, S walks slowly, stepping behind trees and parked cars. Troy strolls along the sidewalk. A car pulls up in the intersection before her. It's a 198 Volkswagon Rabbit Wolfsburg convertible. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Sam drives along Los Feliz keeping the Rabbit convertible his sights - just a few cars ahead. He follows the girls, turning left onto Griffith Park Boulevard. Sam watches their car slow down and stop in front of John Marshall High School. He pulls over and waits. Troy and her friends sit still - engine running - across the football field. Some local teens pass by Sam's car. They point and laugh the penis drawing covering his hood. He ignores them. From his center console, Sam pulls out a pen and an LA Co parking ticket. He draws the secret shape on the ticket. °c Looking up, Sam notices the girls staring over at the hig school scoreboard. Some numbers flash on the visitor's si The number 7... then the number 5... and finally the numb Sam writes them on his ticket. 751 The white rabbit convertible pulls back onto the road and heads towards Rowena. Sam stays in pursuit.
28) 0) text: A few lengths behind the convertible Rabbit, Sam drives h car down 2nd Street towards the city. Homeless people look up from their shopping carts and cardboard beds as the black Mustang passes by. Sam enters the tunnel under Bunker Hill. He stares ahead girls sit calmly together Turning onto 6th Street, the Rabbit drives up in front of Standard Hotel. Sam trails behind, watching as Troy and h friends hop out - pulling beach towels and pool rafts fro car. The brunette passes the keys off to the SHADY VALET. The redhead pulls her t-shirt off, revealing a bikini top swings the shirt over her shoulder and smiles to the brun Sam drives closer, watching the three pretty hipsters go the back door of the hotel. Troy laughs as she blows air an inner tube - disappearing through the doorway. Pulling into a blue-lined parking space, Sam takes out a handicap-parking permit and hangs it from his mirror.
30) 9) dialog: I love you Jesus! Sam pulls the sewing needle from his shirt and tosses it the edge of the roof - without thinking twice.
31) 0) text: Loud music everywhere. Sam sits down along the edge of the pool - jeans rolled u feet in the water. He sips his fruity cocktail and watche Troy and her girlfriends strip into their bathing suits. Troy kicks off her sandals and dives into the water. Sam watches Troy swim to the far edge of the pool. The yo woman climbs onto a raft and lays back - she pulls a flas from her waist-band and takes a swig. The redhead, FANNIE, a freckled and slightly plump beauty stretches and yawns at the edge of the pool. Her teeth ar oddly spaced - a missed opportunity for braces - but even mistake contributes to her appeal. The black haired girl, MAE, steps cautiously into the poo She's slim with dark features - girlish compared with her friends - a bob haircut more at home in the 1970's than t millennial teens.
31) 2) dialog: I'm not sure.
31) 9) dialog: One bride at a time.
31) 11) dialog: You don't become a bride without fucking Jesus.
31) 13) dialog: Blessed by his holy father I guess. Sam watches as Troy heads to the bathroom. He stands up a follows.
32) 0) text: The toilet flushes and Troy opens her stall. Sam is stand between her and the sink. Troy gives him a dirty look and tries to walk around him. Sam blocks her path, holding up photo of Sarah.
121) 16) dialog: It's not a shelter.