0) 0) text: JUNO MacGUFF stands on a placid street in a nondescript  subdivision, facing the curb. It's FALL. Juno is sixteen  years old, an artfully bedraggled burnout kid. She winces and shields her eyes from the glare of the sun. The objec of her rapt attention is a battered living room set, aban curbside by its former owners. There is a fetid-looking  leather recliner, a chrome-edged coffee table, and a tast latchhooked rug featuring a roaring tiger.
0) 1) dialog: It started with a chair.
1) 0) text: FLASHBACK - Juno approaches a boy hidden by shadow. He's  sitting in an overstuffed chair. She slowly, clumsily low herself onto his lap. A 60's Brazilian track plays from a vintage record player
1) 2) dialog: Yeah.
2) 0) text: A DOG barks, jarring Juno back to reality.
2) 1) dialog: Quiet, Banana. Hey, shut your gob  for a second, okay?
2) 3) dialog: This is the most magnificent discarded  living room set I've ever seen.
3) 0) text: Finally, a panting Juno arrives at DANCING ELK DRUG on th main drag of her small Minnesota suburb, Dancing Elk. The automatic doors of the store part to reveal Juno's fl serious face. She carelessly flings the empty juice conta over her shoulder and onto the curb. A group of DROPOUTS  with skateboards near the entrance glare at her. She enters the DRUGSTORE.
4) 0) text: ROLLO, the eccentric drugstore clerk, sneers at Juno from behind the counter. He wears a polyester uniform vest.
4) 2) dialog: I think the last one was defective.  The plus sign looked more like a  division sign.
4) 4) dialog: I remain unconvinced.
4) 7) text: An eavesdropping TOUGH GIRL wearing an oversized jacket a lots of makeup gapes at Juno from the beauty aisle.
4) 11) text: Juno crosses and crosses her legs awkwardly, hopping. It' obvious she has to use the bathroom urgently.
4) 13) dialog: Silencio! I just drank my weight in  Sunny D. and I have to go, pronto.
4) 14) text: Rollo sighs and slips her the bathroom key. Juno races do one of the aisles.
4) 16) dialog: Jesus, I didn't say it was.
5) 0) text: In the dim, reeking public bathroom, Juno hovers over the commode with her boxer shorts around her ankles. She clum tries to use the pregnancy test. We see the test box sitting on the sink. It's a TeenWave  Discount Pregnancy Test. The accompanying outdated packag photo is of a shrugging 80s teen with a resigned expressi The fine print on the box reads "From the makers of Sun-G Lightening Hair Spritz!"
6) 0) text: Juno holds the developing test in her hand and slaps the  open test box on the front counter. Rollo scans it and ba it indifferently.
6) 1) dialog: Oh, and this too.
6) 4) dialog: (examining stick) I don't know. It's not... seasoned  yet. Wait. Huh. Yeah, there's that  pink plus sign again. God, it's  unholy.
7) 0) text: Juno walks slowly and dejectedly up the street to her hou gnawing on the Super Rope. She stops and loops the Super  Rope over a low-hanging tree branch, contemplating how to fashion a noose. Juno trudges toward her HOUSE. The yard is a wild tangle prairie grass and wild flowers.
8) 0) text: Juno's BEDROOM is decorated with punk posters: The Damned The Germs, the Stooges, Television, Richard Hell, etc. Sh picks up a hamburger-shaped phone to call her best friend LEAH.
9) 2) dialog: I am a suicide risk.
9) 4) dialog: No it's Morgan Freeman. Got any bones  that need collecting?
9) 6) dialog: (in low tones) Dude, I'm pregnant.
9) 8) dialog: It's not a food baby. I took three  pregnancy tests today. I am definitely  up the spout.
9) 10) dialog: I drank like ten tons of Sunny  Delight. Anyway, yeah. I'm pregnant.  And you're shockingly cavalier.
9) 12) dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
9) 14) dialog: That's the kind of emotion I was  looking for in the first take.
9) 16) dialog: I know. Women Now, I guess. The  commercial says they help women now.
9) 18) dialog: Eh, I'll call them myself. But I do  need your help with something very  urgent.
10) 0) text: Leah and Juno struggle to drag a recliner across a well  manicured suburban lawn. They make a formidable team.
10) 2) dialog: That is sick, man.
10) 5) dialog: Nah, it was a premeditated act. The  sex, I mean, not getting pregnant.
10) 7) dialog: Like, a year ago, in Spanish class.
11) 0) text: Bleeker and Juno are sitting at their desks, listening to teacher lecturing about spanish. Bleeker discreetly pushe POSTCARD to Juno with his foot. She picks it up off the f reads it, then looks at Bleeker, who is watching the teac obediently.
12) 2) dialog: It's extremely complicated, and I'd  rather not talk about it in my fragile  state.
12) 5) dialog: It was magnificent, man!
15) 0) text: PAUL BLEEKER steps onto the front porch of his house for  early morning track practice. He wears a cross country un that reads "DANCING ELK CONDORS." He is eating some kind microwaved snack gimmick. Bleeker is startled to discover that Juno is outside wait for him. She has somehow arranged the living room set on front lawn, and is seated in the armchair, chewing a pipe officiously.
15) 1) dialog: Hey Bleek.
15) 3) dialog: Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick.
15) 5) dialog: Your shorts are looking especially  gold today.
15) 7) dialog: Go Carole. (a beat) So, guess what?
15) 9) dialog: I'm pregnant.
15) 10) text: Stunned silence. Juno pops up the footrest of the recline and leans back comfortably.
15) 12) text: The Dancing Elk Prep cross country team runs past Bleeker house in a thundering herd, wearing a motley assortment o warm-ups. Their momentum stirs the crackling fall leaves. They wave and holler at Bleeker and Juno.
15) 13) dialog: When I see them all running like  that, with their things bouncing  around in their shorts, I always  picture them naked, even if I don't  want to. I have intrusive thoughts  all the time.
16) 2) dialog: I know.
16) 5) dialog: I thought I might, you know, nip it  in the bud before it gets worse.  Because I heard in health class that  pregnancy often results in an infant.
16) 7) dialog: So that's cool with you, then?
16) 9) dialog: I'm real sorry I had sex with you. I  know it wasn't your idea.
16) 11) dialog: I'll see you at school, O.K.?
17) 0) text: Juno pushes her crappy bike into the bike rack and winds lock around it. In the background, a group of 3 NERDS pla live-action RPG.
18) 0) text: Juno tries to push through the masses, but the throng of  students is thick and unwielding.
19) 0) text: Juno rummages through her locker, which is plastered with photos of Leah and Bleeker, plus a giant poster of Iggy P in his heyday. She grabs a dilapidated physics textbook. A few pages sli out. STEVE RENDAZO (the same asshole who harassed her as walked to the drugstore) passes by in the hallway.
19) 2) dialog: Yeah.
19) 5) dialog: The funny thing is that Steve Rendazo  secretly wants me. Jocks like him  always want freaky girls. Girls with  horn-rimmed glasses and vegan footwear  and Goth makeup. Girls who play the  cello and wear Converse All-Stars  and want to be children's librarians  when they grow up. Oh yeah, jocks  eat that shit up.
19) 6) text: We see Steve looking back at Juno for a brief second with mixed feelings.
19) 7) dialog: They just won't admit it, because  they're supposed to be into perfect  cheerleaders like Leah. Who,  incidentally, is into teachers.
20) 0) text: STUDENTS bustle in, as the teacher, MR. TINKER tries to  maintain order. Juno heads toward her desk and sets down bag.
20) 2) text: Juno looks up and meets eyes with her longtime lab partne Bleeker. Sound the gong of awkwardness! Juno and Bleeker head separately over to an available lab station and unpack their bags in silence.
20) 3) dialog: Well! Nothing like experimenting.
20) 5) text: He slides a piece of graph paper in front of Juno without looking at her.
20) 6) dialog: Oh, I couldn't copy your work.
20) 8) dialog: Oh yeah. I'm kind of a deadbeat lab  partner, huh?
20) 10) dialog: Charisma?
20) 13) dialog: So, who's ready for some  photomagnificence?
20) 21) text: Juno and Bleeker observe the argument like tennis spectat fascinated by the dynamics of a real couple.
20) 28) dialog: Snow Peak Peach is the best flavor  of Boone's. Right, Bleek?
21) 0) text: Juno examines a large ad in the newspaper that depicts a  distraught TEEN GIRL clutching her head in a moment of st conflict. The ad reads: "Pregnant? Find the clinic that g women choice. Women's Choice Health Center." Juno picks up her hamburger phone and dials. For a moment she attempts to copy the melodramatic pose from the ad,  checking herself out in the mirror.
21) 1) dialog: (talking along with  voice prompt) "Para instruciones en Espanol, oprima  numero dos."
21) 3) dialog: Yes, hello, I need to procure a hasty  abortion?... What was that? I'm sorry,  I'm on my hamburger phone and it's  kind of awkward to talk on. It's  really more of a novelty than a  functional appliance.
21) 5) dialog: Better? Okay, good. Yeah, as I said,  I need an abortion, two... sixteen...  Um, it was approximately two months  and four days ago that I had the  sex. That's a guestimate. Okay, next  Saturday? Great.
21) 7) dialog: I hate it when adults use the term  "sexually active."
22) 1) dialog: What does that even mean? Can I  deactivate someday, or is this a  permanent state of being? I guess  Bleeker went live that night we did  it. I guess he hadn't done it before,  and that's why he got that look on  his face.
24) 0) text: Juno, her father MAC, her stepmother BREN, and LIBERTY BE sit at a very typical kitchen table, eating dinner. MAC  shovels food while chatting about his day.
24) 2) dialog: My dad used to be in the Army, but  now he's just your average HVAC  specialist. He and my mom got divorced  when I was five. She lives on a Havasu  reservation in Arizona...
24) 4) dialog: ...with her new husband and three  replacement kids. Oh, and she  inexplicably mails me a cactus every  Valentine's Day.
25) 0) text: PILE OF NEGLECTED CACTI festering in a corner of Juno's r
25) 1) dialog: And I'm like, "Thanks a heap, Coyote  Ugly. This cactus-gram stings even  worse than your abandonment."
26) 1) dialog: That's my stepmom, Bren...
27) 1) dialog: She's obsessed with dogs...
28) 1) dialog: ...owns a nail salon called Bren's  Tens...
29) 1) dialog: ...and she always smells like  methylmethacrylate.
30) 2) dialog: Which maneuver, sir? The one in which  I moved an entire living room set  from one lawn to another, or the one  in which I cleared a sixty-four ounce  blue slushie in ten minutes?
30) 5) dialog: I would never barf in your urn,  Brenda. Maybe L.B. did it.
31) 0) text: Juno trudges toward the front entrance of the clinic. The is a lone ABORTION PROTESTER, a teenager of Asian descent holding a hugely oversized sign that reads "NO BABIES LIK
31) 3) text: Juno recognizes the PROTESTER as a classmate of hers.
31) 4) dialog: Uh, hi Su-Chin.
31) 6) dialog: Good. I'm good. (pause) Did you finish that paper for Worth's  class yet?
31) 8) dialog: You should try Adderall.
31) 10) dialog: Wise move. I know this girl who had  a huge crazy freakout because she  took too many behavioral meds at  once. She took off her clothes and  jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale  Mall and she was like, "Blaaaaah!  I'm a kraken from the sea!"
31) 12) dialog: Well, it was nice seeing you.
31) 15) dialog: Really? Fingernails?
32) 2) text: Juno flashes her best jazz hands.
32) 3) dialog: Hi. I'm here for the big show?
32) 5) dialog: Juno MacGuff.
32) 7) dialog: She thinks I'm using a fake name.  Like Gene Simmons or Mother Teresa.
32) 8) text: The receptionist hands Juno the clipboard and a pen.
32) 12) dialog: No thank you. I'm off sex.
32) 14) dialog: Congrats.
32) 15) text: She takes a seat in the WAITING ROOM and rifles through a pile of old magazines. The magazine selection is lots of  "mommy mags" and health related periodicals. She selects issue of Family Digest and gingerly flips through for a f moments. Then she looks over and notices the FINGERNAILS of a near teen, who looks as nervous as she does. The girl bites he thumbnail and spits it onto the floor. Juno looks away, but immediately notices another waiting  woman, who absently scratches her arm with long fake nail Suddenly, she sees fingernails EVERYWHERE. The receptioni clicks her nails on the front desk. Another woman blows o her fresh manicure. Everyone seems to be fidgeting with t fingers somehow. Juno suddenly looks terror-stricken...
32) 18) text: There's no answer. We see that Juno's chair is EMPTY. The receptionist cranes her neck and sees the front door  drift shut. Juno's figure recedes into the distance as sh tears off down the street, running as fast as she can.
33) 0) text: Leah's front door swings open to reveal a breathless Juno standing sheepishly on the porch. Leah sighs.
33) 2) dialog: I couldn't do it, Leah! It smelled  like a dentist in there. They had  these really horrible magazines,  with, like, spritz cookie recipes  and bad fiction and water stains,  like someone read them in the tub.  And the receptionist tried to give  me these weird condoms that looked  like grape suckers, and she told me  about her boyfriend's pie balls, and  Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told  me the baby had fingernails.  Fingernails!
33) 4) dialog: I'm staying pregnant, Le.
33) 6) dialog: What does that even mean? Anyway, I  got to thinking on the way over. I  was thinking maybe I could give the  baby to somebody who actually likes  that kind of thing. You know, like a  woman with a bum ovary or something.  Or some nice lesbos.
33) 8) dialog: I know. Maybe they'll canonize me  for being so selfless.
33) 10) dialog: Bleeker and I were going to go to  Gettysburg for spring break.
33) 13) dialog: There are ads? For parents?
33) 15) dialog: Come on, Leah. I can't scope out  wannabe parents in the Penny Saver!  That's tacky. That's like buying  clothes at the Pump n' Munch.
34) 0) text: Juno and Leah are sitting at a bench in a park. They slur giant blue slushies and sift through a pile of Penny Save Juno has her pipe with her.
34) 1) dialog: The Penny Saver sucks.
34) 5) dialog: (reading a different  page) There's a guy in here who's giving  away a piano. Free for the hauling!  We should put it in Bleeker's yard.
34) 7) dialog: No, I heard you. I just can't give  the baby to people who describe  themselves as "wholesome." I'm looking  for something a little edgier.
34) 9) dialog: I was thinking a graphic designer,  mid-thirties, and his cool Asian  wife who dresses awesome and plays  bass. But I'm trying to not be too  particular.
34) 11) dialog: Yeesh, they sound like a cult.  Besides, they're greedy bitches.  They already have three kids!
34) 13) text: She points to the paper and motions for Juno to look. Jun scans the ad silently. We see the ad. It contains a photo of an attractive coupl with ambiguous Mona Lisa smiles. It reads "Educated,  successful couple wishes to..."
34) 14) dialog: They were Mark and Vanessa Loring,  and they were beautiful even in black  and white.
36) 0) text: Bleeker lies on his Car-bed in his track uniform, listeni to the same LP from when he and Juno went all the way. He stares between the pages of his embossed Dancing Elk P yearbook. We see the object of his gaze is Juno's black and white  YEARBOOK PHOTO. Next to it, we see a sloppy, handwritten  message from Juno. We hear Juno's voice reading the messa
36) 1) dialog: Hey Bleeker! Spank off to this with  motion lotion. Just kidding (kind  of.) Your best friend, Juno.
36) 2) text: Bleeker picks up the phone. It's the same HAMBURGER PHONE Juno has. He reconsiders and puts it down. There's a knock on the bedroom door. BLEEKER'S MOM pokes her dowdy head inside.
37) 0) text: Bren and MAC are seated on the couch. Leah is standing ne for reinforcements. Juno paces nervously, trying to suss how to break the massive news.
37) 1) dialog: I have no idea how to spit this out.
37) 3) dialog: No. The school would probably contact  you in the event of my expulsion.
37) 6) dialog: No, no, I'm definitely not asking  for anything. Except maybe mercy.  Like, it would be really great if  nobody hit me.
37) 9) dialog: I'm pregnant.
37) 12) dialog: But I'm going to give it up for  adoption. I already found the perfect  people.
37) 14) dialog: They say they're going to pay my  medical expenses and everything. I  promise this will all be resolved in  thirty-odd weeks, and we can pretend  it never happened.
37) 16) dialog: I'm so sorry, you guys. If it's any  consolation, I have heartburn that's  like, radiating down to my kneecaps  and I haven't gone number two since  Wednesday. Morning!
37) 18) text: Juno cringes upon hearing her most-hated term.
37) 20) dialog: The baby? I don't know anything about  it yet. I only know it's got  fingernails, allegedly.
37) 23) dialog: Oh. It's, well, it's Paulie Bleeker.
37) 25) dialog: What?
37) 30) dialog: (indignant) No, it's not. Paulie is virile, by  the way. He was very good in... chair.
37) 31) text: Leah fires a be quiet glance at Juno.
37) 33) dialog: Yeah, well, there's this couple who've  been trying to have a baby for five  years.
37) 35) text: Bren looks understandably alarmed. Juno hastily attempts make the situation sound more legitimate.
37) 36) dialog: But they have a real lawyer and  everything. I'm going to meet with  them next weekend.
37) 38) dialog: Well, I'm not ready to be a mom.
37) 40) dialog: Once! And she didn't die, if you  recall!
37) 42) text: Leah and Juno exchange glances.
37) 43) dialog: No.
37) 45) dialog: Cool it.
37) 47) dialog: The term "deliver" is so weird. Can  we not say "deliver"?
37) 50) dialog: Sure, Dad.
37) 53) dialog: I have no idea what kind of girl I  am.
37) 55) text: Juno and Leah hightail it upstairs.
38) 0) text: Music plays as we see SPARSE IMAGES OF VANESSA LORING'S H preparing the house for Juno's arrival -- Sprucing a vase of FLOWERS. Straightening a FRAMED PHOTO of the Lorings. Dusting off a table with one of those WETNAPS for furnitu Lining up a shelf of BOOKS.
40) 0) text: Mark and Vanessa Loring have an impressive, though generi McMansion. The entire yard is unlandscaped soil. Mac pres the doorbell while Juno chews her nails uncomfortably. Bo look mortified as they wait for someone to greet them. VANESSA opens the door. She's a pretty, meticulous woman her early thirties. Very Banana Republic.
40) 2) dialog: Vanessa, right?
41) 2) dialog: Sure.
41) 4) dialog: Wicked pic in the Penny Saver, by  the way. Super classy. Not like those  other people with the fake woods in  the background. Like I'm really going  to fall for that, you know?
41) 6) text: MARK LORING appears next to Vanessa. He's a boyishly  attractive guy in his mid-thirties. He glances sheepishly at Vanessa upon hearing the Penny S mention, then extends his hand to Mac and Juno.
42) 0) text: Mark and Vanessa usher Juno and Mac into the austere, spa living room. A woman in a business suit sits on the couch with a briefcase in her lap.
42) 2) dialog: (in exaggerated,  growling German accent) Geeeerta Rauuuss!
42) 7) dialog: No.
42) 10) dialog: A Maker's Mark, please. Up.
42) 12) dialog: I also have good teeth. No cavities.  We finally got fluoridated water in  Dancing Elk.
42) 15) text: Mac and Juno join Mark and Gerta Rauss on the couch.
42) 17) dialog: I'm a junior.
42) 19) dialog: Oh. Uh, my stepmom took me to the  doctor yesterday and they said I was  twelve weeks.
42) 22) dialog: Yeah, apparently. I'm having it on  May 4.
42) 24) dialog: Yeah, but I hardly noticed it. I'm  more worried about the part where I  have to start wearing jeans with an  elastic panel in the front.
42) 26) dialog: Well, you're lucky it's not you.
42) 29) dialog: Well, I just have the baby and give  it to you, right?
42) 33) dialog: Whoah. I don't want to see pictures.  I don't need to be notified of  anything. Can't we just kick it old  school? I could just put the baby in  a basket and send it your way. You  know, like Moses in the reeds.
42) 35) text: Mark and Juno lock eyes.
42) 36) dialog: Yeah. Yeah! The way people used to  do it. Quick and dirty, like ripping  off a Band-Aid.
42) 38) dialog: Shit, yeah. Close it up.
42) 43) dialog: Well, no... I'm not going to sell  the baby. I just want it to grow up  with people who are ready to love it  and be parents. I'm in high school,  dude. I'm ill-equipped.
42) 47) text: Juno and Mac stare at her.
42) 52) dialog: Mark, are you looking forward to  being a dad?
42) 57) dialog: Can I use the facilities first? Being  pregnant makes you pee like  Seabiscuit.
42) 59) dialog: Room with a toilet, got it.
43) 0) text: Juno heads into the foyer and up the stairs. We see a pos photo of Mark and Vanessa in the stairwell. Their house i beautiful, but frigid. Juno rubs her arms, shivering.
44) 0) text: The Loring's bathroom is huge. Juno flushes and goes to t double sink to wash her hands. She opens the overhead cab and sees Vanessa's toiletries. She spritzes on some perfu and examines the more expensive grooming items. There's a crinkled tube of LUBE in the cabinet. Juno picks it up,  fascinated. She rubs a drop of it between her hands and r it through her hair like pomade.
45) 0) text: Juno opens the bathroom door and instantly BUMPS into Mar
45) 1) dialog: Whoops! Yikes, I didn't expect to  see you up here.
45) 3) dialog: Did your wife send you up here to  spy on me?
45) 5) dialog: Well, you don't just invite a random  pregnant teenager into your house  and leave her unsupervised. I could  be a total klepto, for all you know.
45) 7) dialog: I did steal a squirt of perfume.  What do you think? It's Clinique  Happy.
45) 9) dialog: Smell those sparkling topnotes!
45) 12) dialog: You should be happy, Holmes. I'm  giving you and Vanessa the gift of  life. Sweet, screaming, pooping life!  And you don't even have to be there  when the baby comes out of me all  covered in...
45) 14) dialog: Blood and guts.
45) 16) text: Juno mocks his use of "ASAP" silently.
45) 17) dialog: (halting) Wait a minute. Is that a Les Paul?
45) 18) text: Juno is staring into a room with the door slightly ajar. see GUITARS mounted on the wall, and the edges of posters
45) 20) dialog: Wow, you get a whole room in your  own house? She's got you on a long  leash there, Mark.
46) 0) text: The walls are plastered with FRAMED POSTERS of early-90s rock bands. (Mudhoney, Jane's Addiction etc.) Mark remove his LES PAUL from its moorings and hands it to Juno.
46) 1) dialog: It's beautiful. I've always liked  Gibson better than Fender.
46) 3) dialog: I rock a Harmony.
46) 5) dialog: What? I'm a pawn shop rocker.
46) 7) text: Juno turns the guitar over, examining it closely.
46) 8) dialog: What is that, Mahogany? What happens  if you crack the neck?
46) 10) dialog: (lying) Yeah.
46) 12) dialog: When was this, like '96?
46) 14) dialog: Nuh-uh, 1977! Punk Volume 1. You  weren't there, so you can't understand  the magic.
47) 0) text: Vanessa, Mac and Gerta Rauss are waiting in awkward silen for Juno and Mark to return. Mac notices a brand new PILA MACHINE sitting in its packaging in a corner of the room.
48) 0) text: Mark and Juno tool around on the guitars unplugged. They  play little riffs. He teaches her a couple chords.
50) 1) dialog: (quietly singing  together) "Yeah, they really want you... they  really want you... they really do."
50) 3) dialog: (singing together and  connecting) Yeah, they really want you... they  really want you... and I do to. (both blush)
50) 4) text: VANESSA appears in the doorway. Juno immediately puts dow the guitar. Mark doesn't notice her immediately.
50) 9) dialog: Your guitar is named Kimber?
50) 11) dialog: That's all right. My axe is named  Roosevelt. After Franklin, not Ted.  Franklin was the hot one with the  polio.
50) 13) text: Mark hangs the guitars back on the wall. He and Juno exit the room, chastised. Vanessa looks to Mark in question.
51) 0) text: Juno and Mac have put their coats on and are in the proce of leaving. Gerta hands Juno the DOCUMENTS. Vanessa and M trail behind.
51) 3) dialog: Oh. Sure. Of course you'd want to  know how your kid is cooking.
51) 5) text: Mac STARES at Juno gravely.
51) 6) dialog: Yeah. For sure. I like you guys.
51) 7) text: Juno looks at Mark.
51) 10) dialog: I'm going to say I'm 104% sure.
51) 12) dialog: Look, if I could give it to you now,  I would. But it probably looks like  a Sea Monkey at this point, so I  think we should leave it in there  for a while until it gets cuter, you  know?
51) 16) text: Juno and Mac exit. Mark shuts the door. All is silent in foyer. Mark, Vanessa and Gerta stand motionless. Gerta pu her fist triumphantly, trying to create a mood of celebra
54) 0) text: We're looking over Juno's now FIVE MONTH PREGNANT BELLY t school administrator filling out a slip. Juno takes the slip, turns around and smiles all the way  out.
55) 0) text: Juno exits the head office and bumps into Bleeker.
55) 2) dialog: Sorry, Bleek... Going for my  ultrasound. Gotta note and everything.
55) 4) dialog: I'll try to drop by later.
56) 0) text: SPLOOGE! We see ultrasound goo being squirted onto Juno's exposed pregnant belly. An ULTRASOUND TECHNICIAN is using Doppler device to view the contents of her burgeoning bum Bren and Leah ooh and ahh at the resulting image. The tech takes measurements and types them into her datab
56) 8) dialog: Hey, I'm a sacred vessel. All you've  got in your belly is Taco Bell!
56) 10) dialog: (gazing at the monitor) It is really weird looking. It's  like it's not even real. I can't  believe there are saps who actually  cry at these things.
56) 11) text: Juno and Leah look at BREN, who is dabbing her eyes  discreetly.
56) 15) dialog: No way. No, I definitely don't want  to know.
56) 17) dialog: I want Mark and Vanessa to be  surprised, and if I know, I won't be  able to keep myself from telling  them and ruining the whole thing.
56) 19) dialog: No, they're the people who are  adopting the baby.
56) 23) text: Juno, Leah and Bren become immediately defensive.
56) 24) dialog: How do you know I'm so poisonous?  Like, what if the adoptive parents  turn out to be evil molesters?
56) 38) dialog: Bren, you're a dick! I love it.
57) 0) text: Juno lays in bed checking out the ULTRASOUND PRINT OUT.
59) 0) text: Juno rings the doorbell, shifting her weight in the cold. MARK answers the door, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans.
59) 2) dialog: I've got something really cool to  show you guys. Is Vanessa here?
59) 4) text: He gestures awkwardly to Juno's belly.
59) 5) dialog: Right. I hear they can be kind of a  time-suck.
59) 7) dialog: Sure. What is it with you rich people  and your herb-infused juices?
60) 0) text: Mark leads Juno into the kitchen, where he pours two drin The STEREO blares in the background.
60) 1) dialog: Why aren't you at work?
60) 3) dialog: No shit. Like Johannes Brahms?
60) 5) dialog: Like what?
60) 7) dialog: Oh.
60) 9) dialog: (singing) Titanium Power! Get more snatch by  the batch!
60) 11) dialog: You're kind of a sellout, aren't  you? What would the Melvins say?
60) 14) dialog: Come on, you're going to want to sit  down for this.
61) 0) text: As they move into the living room, Juno sits down and mot for Mark to join her on the couch.
61) 1) dialog: Park it, dude.
61) 2) text: Mark sits down. With great fanfare, Juno retrieves a dark glossy sheet from the envelope. It's her ULTRASOUND.
61) 3) dialog: Behold, good sir! The very first  photo of your future child.
61) 6) dialog: I think it kind of looks like my  friend, Paulie.
61) 8) dialog: No, he's the dad.
61) 11) dialog: The doctor can tell, but I decided  not to know. I want it to be a big  surprise.
61) 13) dialog: That's what you think. I drink tons  of booze so you might get one of  those scary neuter-babies that's  born without junk.
61) 15) dialog: You know... it's parts...
61) 17) dialog: (teasing) Yeah?
61) 19) dialog: Well don't worry about it. My stepmom  is forcing me to eat really healthy.  She won't even let me stand in front  of the microwave or eat red M&amp;Ms.  Hope you're ready.
61) 22) text: A new SONG has begun. Mark closes his eyes in ecstasy and walks toward the stereo. Juno follows him toward the sour of the music, looking perplexed by how happy he is.
61) 23) dialog: What is it?
61) 25) dialog: (excited) I've heard the Carpenters before.  Chick drummer and freaky dude. Not  unlike the White Stripes.
61) 27) text: Mark grabs the STEREO REMOTE off the kitchen counter and  turns up the volume to a roar. Mark and Juno stand in sil in the kitchen. Mark mouths along with the lyrics.
61) 29) dialog: Hey, I like this.
61) 31) dialog: You don't have to do that.
61) 33) dialog: I didn't. But it's a three-way tie  between the Stooges, Patti Smith and  the Runaways.
61) 35) text: He gestures at Juno's burgeoning paunch. Mark walks over to his music collections and starts pulli CD's. He's got a Carpenter's disc, the "No Alternative"  charity compilation, and Mother Love Bone. Juno spots a VHS TAPE on the coffee table and picks it up
61) 36) dialog: (reading title) The Wizard of Gore?
61) 38) dialog: Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate  master of horror.
61) 41) dialog: (examining the tape  box) Frankly, this looks kind of stupid.
62) 0) text: We see some particularly memorable footage from The Wizar of Gore. Mark and Juno are watching the movie and drinking root be floats. They're sitting dangerously close on the sofa.
62) 1) dialog: (watching movie) This is even better than Suspiria.  You've got decent taste in slasher  movies, Mark.
62) 3) text: He raises his mug in a toast and Juno clinks it awkwardly
62) 4) dialog: So, have you and Vanessa thought of  a name for the baby yet?
62) 6) dialog: (aghast) Madison? Isn't that kind of... I  don't know, gay?
62) 8) dialog: My dad went through this phase where  he was obsessed with Greek and Roman  mythology. He named me after Zeus's  wife. I mean, Zeus had other lays,  but I'm pretty sure Juno was his  only wife. She was supposed to be  really beautiful but really mean.  Like Diana Ross.
62) 10) dialog: Uh, thanks.
62) 12) dialog: I weighed my options. But after all  this, I'm glad I didn't, you know,  get rid of it. I want to have it.  For you guys.
62) 16) dialog: Why? What the big deal?
62) 18) dialog: I'll handle this. I'm really good at  diffusing mom-type rage.
62) 19) text: Juno jumps up and rushes out.
63) 2) text: Juno intercepts her breathlessly, clutching the ULTRASOUN photo. Mark trails behind her.
63) 3) dialog: Hi Vanessa!
63) 6) dialog: Nothing...
63) 8) dialog: I went to the doctor today.
63) 11) dialog: Sure. It's the right size and  everything. I even saw its phalanges  today! Check this...
63) 14) dialog: This is the baby. Your baby.
63) 17) dialog: (kindly) Doesn't it look like it's waving?  It's kind of like it's saying "Hi,  Vanessa. Will you be my mommy?"
63) 20) dialog: I came over as soon as I got that  cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis.  My stepmom verbally abused the  ultrasound tech so we were escorted  off the premises.
63) 23) dialog: See? Nothing to worry about.
64) 0) text: Vanessa and Mark walk Juno out. Juno peers at some shoppi bags from various kids stores.
64) 1) dialog: Hey, what kind of swag did you score?
64) 4) dialog: I thought people got all that stuff  at baby showers. When my stepmom had  my sister I remember she got about a  million presents. They were all lame  though, so I wasn't jealous.
64) 6) dialog: Why?
64) 8) dialog: What do you mean? You mean... (aghast) Do you think I'm going to flake out  on you?
64) 10) text: Juno glances at Mark and again at Vanessa. Vanessa looks  embarrassed.
64) 12) dialog: You should have gone to China. I  heard they give away babies like  free iPods. They shoot 'em out of  those T-shirt guns at sports events.
64) 14) dialog: Naah. I'm already pregnant, so they  figure nothing worse could happen to  me. I gotta bounce anyway. It was  nice seeing you guys again.
64) 17) text: Vanessa looks pain-stricken as Mark helps Juno with her b
65) 0) text: Juno kicks the snow off her shoes before she enters.
66) 0) text: Bren sits at the kitchen table with a mug of coffee and a issue of Dog Fancy. Juno enters nonchalantly, drinking a giant slushie.
66) 2) dialog: I drove to St. Cloud to show Mark  and Vanessa the ultrasound. And I  wound up staying for a couple of  hours.
66) 4) dialog: They said they wanted to know about  this stuff. They said to keep them  updated, so I did!
66) 6) dialog: I don't know, I just did. And while  we were waiting for Vanessa, Mark  and I watched The Wizard of Gore and  he burned me some CDs of weird music.  He's kind of cool.
66) 9) dialog: Listen, Bren-duhhh, I think you're  the one overstepping boundaries.  You're acting like you're the one  who has to go through this and get  huge and push a baby out of your vag  for someone else. Besides, who cares  if he's married? I can have friends  who are married.
66) 11) dialog: You don't know anything about me!
66) 14) dialog: (gesturing to the  magazine) We don't even have a dog!
66) 16) dialog: Wow, dream big!
66) 18) text: Bren STORMS out. Juno heads to the URN by the door and  defiantly pours the remains of her blue slushie into it.
67) 0) text: Juno parks her PREVIA on the street. She walks up to the  house and rings the doorbell. BLEEKER'S MOM answers, visibly annoyed. Her eyes drift do to Juno's middle.
67) 1) dialog: Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive  once. But now she looks a hobbit.  The fat one that was in The Goonies.
67) 3) dialog: I borrowed Paulie's physics notes in  school today. I'm pretty sure he  needs them back, or his grade could  plummet to an A minus.
67) 5) text: She steals another glance at Juno's belly.
68) 0) text: Bleeker's mom escorts Juno wordlessly up the stairs and d the hallway to Paulie's bedroom. Juno discreetly tries to charge ahead of her, but her expanding middle prevents he from getting past Bleeker's mom. They share an extremely  awkward moment wedged side-by-side in the narrow hallway. Bleecker's mom nudges past Juno and knocks on Bleeker's  bedroom door. The door has a cheesy racecar-themed decora hanging on it that says PAULIE'S VRROOOM! It looks like  something a 5-year old might have.
69) 0) text: Paulie is on the floor surrounded by old quizzes, studyin like the tortured brainiac he is. Mrs. Bleeker opens the  bedroom door. Juno appears. Paulie jumps, startled.
69) 1) dialog: Hey, don't concentrate so hard, man.  I think I smell hair burning.
69) 4) text: She closes the door halfway and leaves. Juno rolls her ey and pulls the door shut entirely.
69) 6) dialog: I just wanted to come over. You know,  say hi. I miss hanging out with you  on school nights.
69) 9) dialog: Orange Tic-Tacs are Bleeker's one  and only vice. When we made out, the  day I got pregnant, his mouth tasted  really tangy and delicious.
71) 0) text: Bleeker glances at Juno's midsection, embarrassed.
71) 2) dialog: Yeah. Um, I hooked up a whole private  adoption thing. These married people  in Saint Cloud are going to be the  parents.
71) 5) dialog: The guy is super cool! His name is  Mark and he's into old horror movies  and he plays guitar. I actually hung  out with him today.
71) 7) dialog: I asked my dad and Bren not to narc  us out to your folks, so we should  be safe.
71) 9) text: Juno walks over to the bed and sits down next to Bleeker.
71) 10) dialog: I'm going to really start looking  like a dork soon. Will you still  think I'm cute if I'm huge?
71) 12) text: Juno is caught off guard by his sincerity.
71) 13) dialog: Jesus, Bleek.
71) 15) text: The song playing ends, and another one begins. It's "the  song," the track that Bleeker and Juno both recognize fro the infamous night in the basement.
71) 17) dialog: Yeah. Sure. Once Tino gets a new  drumhead we should be good to go.
71) 19) dialog: Were we together?
71) 22) dialog: What about Katrina De Voort? You  could go out with Katrina De Voort.
71) 24) dialog: I totally heard you did.
74) 0) text: Juno and Leah are walking through the mall, looking bored Juno is wearing one of Mac's giant hockey jerseys in lieu actual maternity wear. Leah gnaws on a giant cinnamon pre
74) 2) dialog: Share the love, Tits!
74) 3) text: She wrestles Leah for the pretzel. Onlookers stare at the appalled, as Leah puts Juno in a half-Nelson.
74) 4) dialog: (to eavesdroppers) She's assaulting me! She's denying  me fresh-baked goodness!
74) 5) text: Leah claps a hand over Juno's mouth.
74) 6) dialog: (muffled) Hly shht!
74) 8) text: Juno drags Leah behind a pillar and peers out from behind it. They're watching a group of well-heeled women and the children shopping en masse. One of the women is pushing a toddler in an ultramodern stroller. And one of the women VANESSA, looking vaguely detached.
74) 9) dialog: (hushed) That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.
74) 11) text: Juno nods.
74) 13) dialog: You sound shocked or something.
74) 18) dialog: (mimicking the women,  Peanuts-style) Wah-wah-waaah!
74) 19) text: One of the little girls in the group tugs at Vanessa's sl Vanessa happily follows the little girl over to their pla area and begins to play energetically with her. Juno watches intently, but Leah just snickers.
74) 21) dialog: Right, seriously.
74) 24) text: Leah stands up. Juno lingers for a moment.
75) 0) text: Leah and Juno approach the elevator.
75) 1) dialog: I want a huge cookie. And like, a  lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
75) 5) text: Juno tries her best to look enthused.
75) 6) dialog: Well hi Vanessa! What brings you to  the mall today?
75) 9) text: Juno glares at Leah.
75) 11) dialog: Please excuse Leah. She's mentally  challenged.
75) 13) dialog: Happy? Oh, you mean like, physically.  I'm good. Look, I have a snooze button  now!
75) 16) text: Vanessa is admiring the belly, when Juno grimaces.
75) 17) dialog: Dude, it's moshing all over.
75) 19) dialog: (explains) It's kicking.
75) 22) dialog: Are you kidding? Everyone at school  is always grabbing at my belly. I'm  like a legend. They call me the  Cautionary Whale.
75) 28) dialog: Oh, you should try talking to it.  They can apparently hear speech in  there, even though it sounds all ten  thousands leagues under the sea.
75) 29) text: Vanessa kneels down next to the swell of Juno's belly.
75) 31) text: Leah gives a look to Juno as if she's about to barf.
75) 35) dialog: (nods) Elbow.
75) 37) text: Juno smiles at Vanessa in awe of her genuine affection.
77) 0) text: Bren cuts the top three inches off a pair of Juno's jeans Then, using a sewing machine, begins attaching an elastic waistband.
78) 0) text: We're behind that same WAISTBAND, as Juno walks through t students. Now, people seem to part the waters for the bel
80) 1) dialog: So, I've been spending a lot of time  listening to that weird CD you made  me.
80) 4) dialog: I sort of like it. I mean, it's cute.
80) 6) dialog: Well, when you're used to the raw  power of Iggy and the Stooges,  everything else sounds kind of  precious by comparison.
80) 8) dialog: Consider it your musical education.
80) 10) dialog: Okay, stop surfing porn and get back  to work. Just wanted to say hi.
81) 0) text: CU on Juno's tray sliding along, picking up an odd combo pregnant food. Pull up to find Juno and Leah walking their trays to a ta
81) 2) dialog: Almost eight. You wouldn't believe  how weird I look naked.
81) 4) dialog: Trust me, you don't. I actually have  to wear a bra now. And I have to rub  this nasty cocoa butter stuff all  over myself or my skin could get  stretched too far and explode.
82) 0) text: Juno and Leah are sitting inside an emptied awards case o the wall, eating their lunch. Juno notices that the other kids in the cafeteria can't h but glance her way. Some look derisive, others are amused
82) 1) dialog: God, why is everyone always staring  at me?
82) 4) dialog: Wow, someone's been actually doing  her geometry homework for once!
82) 6) dialog: Please do not refer to Mr. Conyers  as "Keith," okay? My barf reflex is  already heightened these days.
82) 8) dialog: Eww, he's all beardy!
82) 12) dialog: Katrina? Pfft, no way. He doesn't  like Katrina. It must be a pity date.
82) 14) dialog: Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house  reeks of soup!
82) 16) dialog: There's no way in hell they're having  sex or even holding hands.
82) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me. We're  best friends.
82) 20) dialog: I'm not jealous, and I don't care. I  just know he doesn't like Katrina  and I don't think he should toy with  her emotions like that. She seems so  nice and all.
82) 22) dialog: Prom is for wenises, anyway. Once  you're old enough to go, it's not  cool anymore.
83) 0) text: Bleeker retrieves a book from his open locker. Juno march up to him, belly leading the way.
83) 1) dialog: Are you honestly and truly going to  prom with Katrina De Voort?
83) 3) dialog: Leah just told me you were going  with her.
83) 5) text: Juno is clearly AFFRONTED.
83) 7) dialog: Your mom must be really glad you're  not taking me.
83) 9) dialog: I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great  mood. Despite the fact that I'm  trapped in a fat suit I can't take  off, despite the fact that everyone  is making fun of me behind my back,  despite the fact that your little  girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in  art class yesterday...
83) 11) text: A GIRL strides past (obviously KATRINA) with a sour look  aimed squarely at Juno.
83) 12) dialog: Whatever. Have fun at the prom with  Soupy Sales. I'm sure I can think of  something way more cool to do that  night. Like I could pumice my feet,  or go to Bren's dumb Unitarian church,  or get hit by a ten-ton truck full  of hot garbage juice. All those things  would be exponentially cooler than  going to the prom with you.
83) 15) dialog: (turning around) What?
83) 17) dialog: That's not how our thing works! I  hurl the accusations and you talk me  down, remember?
83) 19) dialog: Why? Because I got bored and had sex  with you one day, and then I didn't,  like, marry you?
83) 21) dialog: Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the  Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure  you guys will have a really bitchin'  time!
83) 23) dialog: I still have your virginity!
83) 25) dialog: What? Are you ashamed that we did  it?
83) 27) dialog: Well at least you don't have to walk  around with the evidence under your  sweater. I'm a planet!
83) 28) text: Juno picks up her BACKPACK dejectedly and slides it over shoulder. She's about to walk away, when...
83) 30) dialog: Huh?
83) 32) dialog: Oh. It's fine. What's another ten  pounds?
84) 0) text: Juno climbs ungracefully into the van. She starts the eng then pauses to dig through her backpack for something. Sh produces a brush and begins brushing her hair in the rear mirror, examining herself self-consciously. She puts on s Dr. Pepper Lip Smacker and backs out of the driveway.
86) 0) text: Mark opens the door. Juno stands there, looking radiantly knocked-up. She holds a stack of CDs. Mark breaks into a  grin.
86) 2) dialog: (furtive) Is Vanessa here?
86) 4) text: He and Juno smile conspiratorially.
86) 5) dialog: Cool.
86) 7) text: He gestures for Juno to follow him into the house.
87) 1) dialog: Oh, Mark! Is this the baby's room?  It's beautiful!
87) 3) dialog: Oh God, you're one of those guys...
87) 7) text: He shows the COMIC to Juno. It's called "Most Fruitful Yu It depicts a pregnant JAPANESE GIRL kicking ass and takin names.
87) 8) dialog: "Most Fruitful Yuki"? What is... Oh  my god, she's a pregnant superhero!
87) 10) text: Juno examines the comic. "Most Fruitful Yuki" does resemb her.
87) 11) dialog: Wow, I actually feel like less of a  fat dork now.
87) 13) text: She throws a KARATE KICK in Mark's direction with a KEE-Y Juno is sincerely pleased.
87) 14) dialog: Okay, how about some tunes?
87) 15) text: There's a battered portable CD player in the corner. Juno kneels down and pops in one of the discs.
87) 16) dialog: Now this first one is kinda slow.  But it's Mott the Hoople so it's  still totally rad and hardcore.
87) 17) text: Juno puts in the CD and "All The Young Dudes" fills the r Mark Laughs.
87) 18) dialog: What?
87) 20) dialog: You do?
87) 22) dialog: That's almost interesting, Mark. Who  did you dance with?
87) 24) dialog: Oh man, I can just picture you slow  dancing like a dork!
87) 27) text: Mark puts his hands on what remains of Juno's waist. She  drapes her arms around his neck self-consciously.
87) 28) dialog: Oh, okay. Like this.
87) 30) dialog: (casually defensive) Only squares and nerds go to dances.
87) 32) dialog: I don't know.
87) 33) text: They SWAY slowly to the music. Juno's belly bumps up agai Mark.
87) 35) text: They laugh. Juno rests her head on Mark's chest. They dance in silenc for a few moments, then stop moving. Mark pulls Juno as c as he possibly can, given her expanding girth.
87) 37) dialog: (quiet at first) What?
87) 39) text: Juno backs away.
87) 40) dialog: (growing) No.
87) 42) dialog: No. No, you definitely cannot do  that, Mark. That's a big, fat sack  of no!
87) 44) dialog: This isn't what we agreed on. You  guys have to take care of... this!  You are the chosen custodians of the  big-ass bump!
87) 47) dialog: (interrupting) I want you guys to adopt the Buglet.  I wanted everything to be perfect.  Not shitty and broken like everyone  else's family. Listen, once I have  the baby, Vanessa is going to finally  be happy, and everything will be all  right. Believe me on this one!
87) 49) dialog: (aghast) But you're old!
87) 51) dialog: I don't know. I just liked being  your friend. I sort of liked becoming  furniture in your weird life.
87) 53) dialog: Yeah, I guess... Is this my fault?  Is Vanessa mad at you because of me?
87) 55) dialog: Yeah, but didn't you love Vanessa  when you married her? If you love  someone once, you can love them again,  I know it. My friend Leah has gone  out with the same guy, like, four  times. You're just not trying.
87) 56) text: Mark suddenly sees Juno for what she is -- a teenage girl
87) 59) dialog: Please don't get a divorce! God,  Mark, just do me a solid and stay  with your wife.
87) 61) dialog: Not really. I'm sixteen. I'm old  enough to tell when people are acting  like total a-holes!
87) 62) text: Juno turns to leave, then shoots one furious look back at Mark.
87) 63) dialog: Oh and by the way, I bought another  Sonic Youth album and it's the worst  thing I've ever heard! It's just  noise, man!
88) 0) text: Juno reaches the top of the stairs and scrambles toward t front door, only to be intercepted by Vanessa, who's retu home from work, carrying her briefcase and a freshly purc NURSING PILLOW. They nearly collide.
88) 2) dialog: Nothing.
88) 3) text: It's obvious from Juno's tears and flushed face that she' lying. Vanessa instantly goes pale with fear, but she tri her hardest to seem serene and "together" in front of Jun
88) 5) dialog: I'm not crying. I'm allergic to fine  home furnishings. See you later.
88) 8) text: Juno halts.
88) 11) text: Juno looks totally betrayed. She doesn't respond. Vanessa looks at Juno's expression and knows Mark is lying.
88) 21) text: Juno's face continues to fall. Vanessa notices.
88) 23) text: Juno ain't buying it.
88) 28) text: This stops Vanessa. Juno looks offended.
88) 41) text: We hear the front door closing. Vanessa and Mark look ove and notice that Juno has escaped the conflict.
89) 0) text: Juno runs up to her car sobbing. She struggles with the k but finally makes it into the Previa and drives off.
91) 0) text: Juno buckles over the steering wheel, crying, unwinding f the first time since she became pregnant. After a beat, she begins to gather herself.
93) 0) text: Juno lays on the hood of her Previa, contemplating her fu We push in close... when she gets an idea. She hops off the hood and scurries into the Previa where finds a crumpled up Jiffy Lube receipt. She unfolds it an pulls out a pen, ready to write something... a note?
96) 0) text: Mark opens the door. There's a folded piece of paper sitt on the doormat. He squints and sees Juno pulling away in van. Mark carefully unfolds the piece of paper -- it takes a m because of Juno's proficiency in "teen girl origami." He  holds it up. We can see there's WRITING on the back.
97) 0) text: Juno parks her car and walks up to her house. A porch lig been left on for her, and the place looks cozy and inviti
97) 1) dialog: I never realize how much I like being  home unless I've been somewhere really  different for a while.
98) 0) text: Mac is alone at the kitchen table going over the family  finances while drinking one of Bren's weight loss shakes. Juno enters.
98) 1) dialog: Hi Dad.
98) 3) dialog: Dealing with stuff way beyond my  maturity level. Where is everyone?
98) 5) dialog: Tot ice skating? Tots can't ice skate.  Liberty Bell's still getting the  hang of stairs.
98) 7) dialog: Yeah, she does.
98) 9) dialog: I'm losing my faith in humanity.
98) 11) dialog: I guess I wonder sometimes if people  ever stay together for good.
98) 13) dialog: Yeah, like people in love.
98) 15) dialog: Dad, no!
98) 17) dialog: Please stop now.
98) 19) dialog: Dad, it's not about that. I just  need to know that it's possible for  two people to stay happy together  forever. Or at least for a few years.
98) 21) text: Juno nods in agreement.
98) 23) text: A wave of REALIZATION crosses Juno's face.
98) 24) dialog: I sort of already have.
98) 28) text: Juno laughs and hugs her father, planting a smooch on his cheek.
98) 29) dialog: I need to go out somewhere for just  a little while. I don't have any  homework, and I swear I'll be back  by ten.
99) 0) text: We push in over Bleeker sleeping in his car-bed towards t window. We look out onto the lawn to find Juno and Leah  running back to the Previa, hopping in, and screeching of
101) 0) text: Juno waddles toward the field. The guys on the track team ridiculously arrayed as usual, are doing hurdler stretche They stare at her quizzically. Bleeker spots Juno approac and jogs up to the chainlink fence.
101) 2) dialog: Yeah. That was me.
101) 4) dialog: (blushes) Because they're your fave. And you  can never have too much of your  favorite one-calorie breath mint.
101) 6) dialog: You know, I've been thinking. I'm  really sorry I was such a huge bitch  to you. You didn't deserve that. You  never deserve any of the poo I unload  on you.
101) 8) dialog: Also, I think I'm in love with you.
101) 10) dialog: No, for real. I think you are the  coolest person I've ever met. And  you don't even have to try.
101) 12) dialog: No, you're naturally smart. You always  think of the funniest things to do.  Remember when you passed me that  postcard during Spanish class, and  it was addressed like, "Junebug  MacGuff, Row 4, Third Seat From the  Blackboard"? And it said, "I'm having  fun in Barcelona -- wish you were  here"? That was hilarious.
101) 14) dialog: Plus, you're the only person who  doesn't stare at my stomach all the  fucking time. You actually look at  my face. And every time I look at  you, the baby starts kicking me super  hard.
101) 16) text: Juno presses Bleeker's hand against her belly.
101) 18) dialog: I think it's because my heart starts  pounding when I see you.
101) 20) dialog: Basically, I'm completely smitten  with you, and I don't care if I'm  making an ass out of myself right  now, because you've seen me make an  ass out of myself a million times,  and you still want to be my friend.
101) 22) dialog: That's all I need from you. That's  more than I could ever ask for. You're  just golden, dude.
101) 24) dialog: Okay.
101) 25) text: Bleeker and Juno KISS, oblivious to the gawking track tea guys in the background. In the distance, near the school entrance, we see STEVE  RENDAZO (the kid who always TORMENTS Juno) regarding the  makeout session with a sad, envious expression. LEAH passes by, does a double take, then hurries up to th fence, rolling her eyes.
101) 27) text: Juno gives her the FINGER, not breaking the clinch with  Bleeker.
102) 0) text: Juno is lying on her back on the bed, staring at the ceil She's more pregnant than we've ever seen her. She revs a  Matchbox car against the slope of her belly and lets it r Juno suddenly sits up, looking thoroughly freaked. She pa her lap frantically and jumps off the bed.
102) 1) dialog: Dad!
103) 2) dialog: Either I just pissed my pants or...
103) 4) dialog: Thundercats are go!
104) 0) text: Mac, Bren and Liberty Bell rush out of the house. They pi into the Previa at breakneck speed. Juno waddles behind t protesting.
105) 0) text: CU of Juno wearing a puffy surgical cap. She's being push down the hospital corridor in a wheelchair. She bursts in giggles. Pull back to reveal her that Leah is pushing her rather aggressively. Leah jokingly steers the wheelchair  into a wall. Juno feigns whiplash. Bren appears behind them and orders Juno out of the  wheelchair, exasperated. She pulls off Juno's surgical ca Leah and Juno snicker.
106) 0) text: We see Juno is in a BIRTHING SUITE at the hospital, pacin impatiently, bent over in obvious discomfort. She's weari her Chuck Taylors and knee socks with her hospital gown.  Leah and Bren stand nearby. Juno doubles over in pain.
106) 1) dialog: (panicked) Ow, ow, fuckity-ow. Bren, when do I  get that Spinal Tap thing?
106) 3) dialog: You mean I have to wait for it to  get even worse? Why can't they just  give it to me now?
106) 5) text: Juno lets out a genuine shriek of pain.
107) 1) dialog: It really didn't hurt that bad having  him.
107) 2) text: We see Juno in the process of delivery, from her POV. Lea holds one of Juno's feet and Bren holds the other.
107) 3) dialog: The best part was when I peed on  Leah during labor.
107) 4) text: We see Leah holding Juno's FOOT, which is shaking. Leah's shirt is soaked. She rolls her eyes and mouths "Fuck you" Juno. Juno's raised MIDDLE FINGER enters the frame.
107) 5) dialog: And then, out of nowhere, there it  was...
107) 6) text: The doctor reveals JUNO'S BABY BOY above the sheet.
107) 7) dialog: There he was.
107) 8) text: Juno looks at the baby in awe, then her eyes begin to  flutter... and she passes out.
108) 1) dialog: I decided to not call Bleeker to  tell him that I was having the baby.  He had a big meet against Manteno  and I didn't want him to get all  worried about me and choke.
108) 8) dialog: But he figured it out anyway.
110) 0) text: Juno is curled up on her bed in the birthing room. The bi is obviously over; there's that air of stillness and  accomplishment, a task completed. The doctors have cleare out. Mac sits in a chair next to the bed, looking like he not sure what to say. He holds up a deck of Playing cards as if to initiate a g but Juno gently pushes his hand away. Their eyes meet. Hi expression is helpless, hers is utterly drained.
110) 2) text: Juno nods and swallows. Over Mac's shoulder, a silhouette appears in the doorway. It's Bleeker in his track uniform. Juno sees him and bursts into sudden, ragged sobs. Mac gl at her, alarmed. Paulie moves toward the bed. Mac clears throat, gets up and leaves the room. Paulie climbs onto the hospital bed and carefully puts hi arm around Juno. She leans into him, letting herself go f the first time in months.
111) 0) text: Juno lies on the bed. She looks rested and relaxed compar to her earlier crying jag, but her face is still pink and swollen. Bleeker is curled up next to her, still in his t uniform and spikes.
111) 1) dialog: Bleeker decided he didn't want to  see the baby. Neither did I, really.  He didn't feel like ours.
112) 1) dialog: I think he was always hers.
113) 1) dialog: It ended with a chair.
113) 2) text: We pan past the wall Vanessa had said "needed something." There's a framed note on the wall. It looks like it was  handwritten on the back of a Jiffy Lube bill. We see that says: "Vanessa -- If you're still in, I'm still in. Juno. We move to the door and get a view of Vanessa's bedroom. see her lying in bed with a burp cloth draped over her  shoulder, feeding the baby. For the first time ever, Vane looks disorganized, unshowered -- and incredibly happy. T are formula bottles on the bedside table and a bassinet p close to the bed. Obviously, she hasn't been away from th baby for a single moment. The baby reaches up and grabs Vanessa's thumb. Vanessa gl with an expression of pure bliss.
114) 0) text: It's a sparkling summer afternoon. Juno wheels her bicycl out of the detached garage. She waves goodbye to Bren, wh is playing in the yard with two WEIMARANERS. She looks al as happy with her dogs as VANESSA looked with her baby.
115) 0) text: Juno rides her bike aggressively down the street. Her gui is slung over her shoulder in a gig bag. She's obviously pregnant anymore. She looks happy, but older.
115) 1) dialog: As boyfriends go, Paulie Bleeker is  totally boss. He is the cheese to my  macaroni. I know people are supposed  to fall in love before they reproduce,  but normalcy's not really our style.
115) 2) text: As she tears recklessly down the street on her bikes, she passes the Dancing Elk TRACK TEAM, still running in  outrageously skimpy shorts and bandanas. Juno RIDES up to a garage where Bleeker is sitting, tunin his guitar.
116) 0) text: Juno bikes up to find Bleeker sitting on the stoop. She s and takes out her guitar. She sits across from Bleeker an pulls the pick out of the strings.
116) 1) dialog: Ready?
116) 2) text: Bleeker nods. Juno begins strumming her guitar and playing "Anyone Else But You," by the Moldy Peaches. Bleeker joins in. At firs their playing is discordant, but suddenly it works.
116) 4) dialog: Here is the church and here is the  steeple. We sure are cute for two  ugly people. I don't see what anyone  can see, in anyone else but you.
116) 6) dialog: You are always trying to keep it  real. I'm in love with how you feel.  I don't see what anyone can see, in  anyone else but you.
116) 8) dialog: The pebbles forgive me, the trees  forgive me. So why can't you forgive  me? I don't see what anyone can see,  in anyone else but you.
116) 9) dialog: Du du du du du du dudu. Du du du du  du du dudu. I don't see what anyone  can see, in anyone else but you.
116) 10) text: She and Bleeker exchange glances as they play. They smile ambiguously. Juno leans over and kisses Bleeker on the ch Pull out to reveal the surrounding green suburb buzzing w life and summer activity.