0) 12) dialog: Main credits end.
6) 9) dialog: A gaze as cold and pitiless as a midnight sun. The vampir stare back. Nuclear silence. And then -- All hell breaks loose. With a SNARL, Raquel charges at Bl at superhuman speed, practically a blur --  Blade draws his Casulls, FIRES in multiple directions --
6) 10) text: as a round roars through the air towards Raquel. A silver dum bullet which explodes on contact. WHAM! The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel' continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fou creatures tumble forward, their bodies liquefying into pu black oil which go gurgling down the run-off drains. Blade continues FIRING, then -CLICK!- magazines empty. Ne holsters the Casulls, swings up his assault rifle, calmly the UV entry light mounted above --
6) 16) dialog: Where is Deacon Frost? Quinn glares, trying to speak, gagging on the stake still his trachea --
6) 17) dialog: Got something in your throat. Blade yanks the stake free. The vampire laughs, air whist his ruined larynx. 
6) 19) dialog: Frost. Quinn responds with a slew of rapid-fire vampire invectiv sees he's getting nowhere fast, calmly sheathes his sword a white phosphorous grenade from his combat harness -- 
9) 19) dialog: Now don't we look dapper? Quinn BELLOWS with rage, ripping one of the heavy steel r doors from its hinges, flinging it at Blade like it was l furniture -- Blade rolls to the side as the door CRASHES against the w runs, moving through the morgue like a human tornado, hea windows at the end of the room -- SMASH!!! Out goes Quinn, taking half the wall with him. B to the decimated window, looks down --
10) 0) text: Blade clears the impossible distance -- almost. He snags the adjacent parking structure with his left hand even as from the grasp of his right -- -- a last-second save, his fingers clamping around her wr that stands between Karen and street pizza. She SCREAMS a dangling below him -- Blade GRUNTS, swinging Karen like a pendulum, heaving her the ledge as if she were a sack of potatoes. She lands on shoulder, clutching it in pain -- Blade heaves himself up, crouching beside her.
10) 2) text: My shoulder -- dislocated -- Blade places a hand on her shoulder, another around her e without any consideration to discomfort -CRACK!- brutally back in place. Karen SCREAMS again as he scoops her up on heads for --
11) 0) text: Blade sets Karen down in the passenger seat, climbs behin keys the ignition. The engine ROARS to life, belching fum the dual exhaust. Blade floors it, burning serious rubber vanishes from sight. 
12) 0) text: Blade pilots the Olds down the streets, moving through a increasingly degenerating neighborhoods, coming at last t sprawling warehouse district.
14) 0) text: Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into h He hits a remote secured to the sun visor --
15) 0) text: A gate grinds open.  We follow the Olds as it cruises around the back of the b heading down a concrete loading ramp. At the bottom of th heavy iron door rises. Blade's Olds disappears into the d
16) 0) text: More UV lights flicker on. We're in a massive loading ele HUMS as it ascends, eventually reaching its destination w BOOMING CLANG. The doors at the rear glide open. Blade gu Olds out.
17) 0) text: Set up in an old ironworks, the place looks like a cross auto junkyard and an armory. Equipment is strewn everywhe lathes, mills, old furnaces, gutted vehicles, an ad hoc s theater -- all of it jerry-rigged in a brutal, oily-tech. Blade climbs out of the Olds. He opens the passenger door Karen out, carries her in his arms. 
17) 1) dialog: Whistler!
17) 3) dialog: She's been bitten.
17) 5) dialog: She hasn't turned yet.  (pointedly)
17) 6) text: You can help her. Blade and Whistler stare each other down. Finally, Whistl heads over to the operating theater.
17) 14) text: "Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm  going to inject you with an antidote  made from allium setivum -- garlic.  This is going to hurt. A lot.  Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen expe next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps b through your veins. Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the p vampire venom. Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperate for assurance. 
18) 0) text: CLOSE ON a monitor featuring footage taken at the vampire massacre. Blade turns and stares into the camera, fires h bow. The screen cuts to static.
18) 3) text: Blade. Once again, our interests have  fallen victim to his ridiculous  crusade. He must be destroyed.
20) 1) dialog: strapped into some kind of Inquisition-esque restraint ch shirt is off, his body slick with sweat. Whistler finishe Blade in, then stands back, holding up a gas-powered pist hesitant --
20) 3) dialog: (impatient)
20) 4) text: Just do it, old man. Whistler nods, fitting Blade with a bite guard. Then he p pistol-injector against Blade's carotid artery.  Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bi veins cording in his neck. He clutches Whistler's hand, h tightly as he fights his way through the hellish seizure. credit, Whistler never lets go. Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious its violent course. We understand that these shared momen private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two hunters together. Finally, Blade slumps forward in his re exhausted. 
21) 3) dialog: You shouldn't be here.
21) 8) text: This is Blade. As for our little  homunculus here -- Whistler limps over to the tank, rapping his cane against creature snaps at it reflexively, following the silver ti forth like a fish after a lure.
21) 9) dialog: -- he's a vampire.
21) 14) dialog: Stupidity.
21) 17) dialog: It's not worth the risk. We can't  trust her.
21) 19) dialog: Because you're tainted. The venom's  still inside you. You could still  turn on us.
21) 21) dialog: Then I have to take you out, just  like any other bloodsucker. Blade turns and exits. Whistler and Karen follow.
22) 0) text: Beyond the grimy outer windows, we can see that the day i long shadows, amber light. Karen lingers in the doorway, information overload.  Blade begins suiting up for his nightly hunt -- strapping armor, loading ammunition. He strings the tarnished locke neck as if it were an amulet that could ward off evil, th inspect a modified pistol, sighting down the length of it
22) 1) dialog: We hunt them, moving from one city to  the next, tracking their migrations.  They're hard to kill. They tend to  regenerate. CLACK! Blade pulls the trigger on an empty chamber, then next weapon --
22) 8) dialog: I don't care what you believe. I  saved your life once, I don't plan on  making a habit of it. You want my  advice, you'll be out of the city by  nightfall. If you're stupid enough to  stay, that's your business.
22) 10) dialog: Not anymore. You've seen one of them.  You won't be allowed to live after  that.  Karen stares at Blade. Whistler gestures to the windows -
22) 14) dialog: Do it. You'll be dead before you can  file the complaint.
22) 17) dialog: Get in. YouВ’re leaving.
24) 0) text: Blade brings the car to a stop. Karen looks at him. His e hidden behind his glasses, his expression stone.
24) 1) dialog: Remember what we said. Keep your eyes  open. They're everywhere.
25) 0) text: As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind he ROARS off down the quiet residential street. 
29) 23) dialog: You okay? Karen nods, glances at Gideon --
29) 25) dialog: Figured they'd send someone after you.  Thought I'd wait around and see who  showed up.
29) 27) dialog: It worked, didn't it?
29) 29) dialog: He didn't. Get over it. Blade kneels next to Gideon. He turns the man's head, ins neck, the skin behind the ear -- 
29) 31) dialog: He's a familiar. A human who works for  the vampires. See this mark? Blade pushes aside Gideon's hair, revealing a tiny, crypt tattooed into the man's scalp.
29) 32) dialog: That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire  cattle brand. That means Officer  Friendly here is someone's property.  Any of the other vampire's try to  bleed him, they'll have to answer to  Friendly's owner -- (studying the glyph)
29) 35) dialog: Because they're vampire wanna-bes. If  they're loyal, if they prove  themselves, then their masters will  turn them. 
29) 37) dialog: For some. Live forever, never get old.  The ultimate high.  Just then, Gideon MOANS. Blade drags the man up so they'r eye.
29) 38) dialog: How 'bout you, Officer? You a good  little bloodhound?
30) 0) text: Blade and Karen are now standing by Gideon's police cruis parked outside Karen's apartment. Blade shoves Gideon aga hood of the cruiser. He finds Gideon's keys, moves to the opens it --
30) 2) dialog: Looks like our friend was  blood-running. (to Gideon)
30) 7) dialog: Preventive medicine. Karen steps in front of Blade, shielding Gideon.
30) 9) dialog: It's war, now get the fuck out of the  way! Karen grabs Blade's arm, wrestling with him, trying to pu away. As the two of them struggle, Gideon makes a break f stumbling across the lawn. Blade pushes Karen aside, take
30) 11) dialog: God-damnit!!! Do you have any idea  what you just did?! He'll warn them.  They'll be waiting! But Karen's defiant, she's not backing down.
30) 14) dialog: Let me set you straight on something,  Doctor. What you've "seen" so far is  nothing. The world you live in's just  the sugar-coated topping. There's  another world beneath it, the real  world -- and it's a fucking bloodbath.  If you want to survive in it, you'd  better pull your head out of your ass.  Blade slips his glasses back on, leaving Karen shocked in He heads for his Olds without looking back, climbs in, gu engine. In seconds, he's gone, tearing off down the stree of exhaust.
33) 0) text: Blade's Olds cruises to a stop. We're in a low-end commer district -- junky heaven. Blade climbs out, pulling an au rifle from the back seat, then heading into an alleyway. 
34) 0) text: Blade makes his way down the alley, cautious -- he SEES m trash, boarded-up windows, overlapping layers of gang gra RAT crouching on a trash dumpster, gnawing on a dead pige -- then a SOUND behind Blade, the scuffle of feet --  Blade whirls, drawing his sword, CHARGING at an approachi stopping mere millimeters from decapitating --
34) 2) dialog: What the hell are you doing?! I could  have killed you! Blade lowers his sword. Karen remembers to breathe. She s tracing her fingers over the line where her head almost p her body.
34) 4) dialog: Do you have a death wish or are you  just stupid? Karen pushes away from the wall, angry --
34) 6) dialog: There is no cure. 
34) 8) text: You don't know that. Blade turns and moves to the end of the alley, studying t covered wall intently --
34) 10) dialog: (gesturing)
34) 13) dialog: Look closer. Blade indicates a design amongst the various gang-banger looks something like a post-modern hieroglyphic.
34) 14) dialog: This isn't a gang tag, it's a vampire  marking. It means there's a safe-house  nearby.  A place they can go if dawn is coming.  Blade points to a building across the street --
34) 18) dialog: Owned by vampires. There's one of  these in every major city, and just  like Domino's, they always deliver. (looking to Karen)
34) 19) text: You telling me you're ready to walk  through that door? Karen nods. Blade continues to stare at her, taking her m there's a strength in this woman's eyes, she has the soul fighter -- and Blade recognizes it. 
34) 20) dialog: All right, then, listen up, Vampire  Anatomy 101. Crosses and running water  don't do dick, so forget what you've  seen in the movies.  Blade enumerates the following on his fingers:
34) 21) dialog: You use the stake, silver, or  sunlight, got it?  Blade holds up one of his Casulls. 
34) 22) dialog: Know how to use one of these? Karen takes the weapon from him, eyes all over it.
34) 24) dialog: Safety's off, round's already  chambered --  (cocking it)
34) 25) text: Silver hollow-points filled with  garlic. You aim for the heart or the  head, anything else is a one-way  ticket to a pine box. Blade hand it to her again, then starts across the street clinic. Karen follows --
35) 0) text: Blade enters, swinging his rifle around for all to see.
35) 1) dialog: Get out. Now. The POTENTIAL DONORS scramble for the exit. Behind the co TANAKA, a male nurse, reaches for an alarm button. Blade the counter, aiming his rifle. 
35) 2) dialog: I know you're blood-running. Who's  your sponsor? 
35) 5) dialog: What's this? A birthmark? Blade grips Tanaka by his collar, shoving him through a d
36) 0) text: Karen and Blade SEE supply cabinets, cots, a number of lo refrigeration units. Blade FIRES into the door handle of units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ce plastic packets of blood.
36) 1) dialog: (to Karen)
36) 5) dialog: I've got a message for your masters --  the night's no longer safe for their  kind. Blade pulls back his rifle, leaving a red indentation mar end of the rifle barrel pressed into Tanaka's skin. He st the exit. Karen follows.
37) 0) text: Blade and Karen return to the Olds. He keys the ignition, engine idle. They're parked down the street from the bloo Karen looks to Blade, confused --
37) 3) dialog: He will. Blade points --
37) 10) text: Yes? Karen looks to Blade, impressed. 
39) 1) text: Blade's Olds stopping a few blocks down the street.
40) 0) text: Blade kills the engine, studying The Black Pearl.
40) 1) dialog: Looks like we hit pay-dirt. This place  is crawling with them. (pointing)
40) 4) dialog: The way they move, they way they  smell -- Blade continues to scan the area, pointing out a few more candidates --
40) 5) dialog: The whore on the corner, she's one  too. So are the two men standing under  the streetlight. Blade reaches into the back seat, retrieves his sword and He snaps open his shotgun, loads it. Karen continues to s vampires Blade identified.
40) 7) dialog: There are worse things than vampires  out there.
40) 9) dialog: (pumping his shotgun)
40) 10) text: Like me. Blade reaches for the door --
41) 0) text: Blade and Karen climb out. He lets his shotgun fall withi of his longcoat and starts across the street -- only to b by a HULKING DOORMAN at the entrance.
42) 0) text: CRASH! The front door flies open as the Doorman's body sa Blade enters, Karen at his heels --  The 'Pearl' is an all-hours strip club cum casino caterin exclusively to Japanese zaibatsu clientele. Dimly lit, th with cigarette smoke, deafening MUSIC. Go boards, pachink sexy little MANGA WAIFS in schoolgirl outfits doling out STRIPPERS writhe in the circular "pit" tables surrounded grab-ass men. But that's nothing compared to -- The MAIN ATTRACTION, who's doing a bump and grind down the runway, shaking a b of a schoolboy's wet dream. Her attire? A leather S&amp;M nipple rings, 6-inch spikes, and a pair of panties to hid modesty. Blade scans the room -- just in time to see Tanaka duckin back hallway. Blade pushes towards the rear of the club. follows. 
43) 0) text: Blade and Karen head past the bathrooms. At the end of th door marked "OFFICE". Just then, the Men's door opens, a COLLEGE KID steps out, SEES Blade --
44) 0) text: Tanaka spins around, startled, tries to throw a punch --  Blade traps Tanaka's arm, levering the man up and over. H into a shelving unit, taking the whole thing down with hi winces. Blade grabs a handful of Tanaka's hair, yanks his
44) 1) dialog: Where's the entrance?!
44) 3) dialog: I got news for you, butt-boy. You're  already dead. 
44) 5) text: Oh God, shit -- behind the bookcase -- Blade drops Tanaka, moves to the bookcase. He searches th moment, then finds a trigger. Hits it -- the bookcase sli revealing a hidden elevator. As Blade moves to put his su back on --
44) 6) text: We see Tanaka behind him, pulling a handgun out of a desk swinging it up -- Blade unholsters one of his Casulls faster than any gunsl history. He FIRES over his own shoulder, BLOWING Tanaka b the wall.  Blade puts his sunglasses back on, motions to the elevato to Karen --
44) 7) dialog: After you. 
46) 0) text: Blade and Karen enter the narrow, maze-like "stacks" of t archives, weaving their way through shelves of climate-co digitized records. 
46) 2) dialog: Some kind of archive --
46) 4) dialog: You've been watching too much TV.  They've got their claws sunk into  everything -- finance, real estate,  politics. Probably own half of  Downtown.  Blade pulls a CD-ROM from the shelves, its spine labeled indecipherable vampire glyphs.
46) 5) dialog: This must be where they keep their  records -- He pauses, hearing a DISTANT WHISPER. Blade signals quiet leading Karen through the stacks towards -- 
46) 8) text: Lorca, is that you? Blade slides open the nearest shoji screen --
47) 6) dialog: Frost?
49) 0) text: As Blade listens, Pearl reaches for his trackball, attemp delete the document currently on his monitors -- but Blad forward, sinking the tip of his sword into Pearl's fleshy Pearl freezes. 
49) 1) dialog: (eyeballing Pearl)
50) 6) text: Round one to you, Blade.
51) 0) text: CLICK, the line goes dead. Blade tosses his satchel on th it. Inside is a hand-held UV lamp hooked up to a nine-vol Pearl eyes the device, fearful -- 
51) 2) dialog: A sun lamp. We're gonna play twenty  questions. Depending on your answers,  you might get to have yourself a  tanning session.  Blade looks to Pearl's monitor and SEES a digitized image MANUSCRIPT Deacon had been studying earlier. 
51) 3) dialog: What were you in such a big hurry to  delete just now? Pearl hesitates. Blade turns on the lamp. Pearl HOWLS as light falls upon him. Blade flicks the light off. Pearl cringes, GROWLING, his face smoking profusely. Expo UV rays, even for one short second, has made his face bli plague victim's.
51) 6) dialog: And who is LaMagra? Pearl hesitates again -- Blade turns on the lamp for a lo Pearl thrashes, covering his face. His hands blacken, the sizzling away to expose the finger bones beneath. Karen h her gaze -- Blade turns off the lamp. Pearl SNARLS, his body quiverin poisonous rage.
51) 8) dialog: Where's the original, Pearl? You must  have it around here somewhere. Pearl sweats blood, his flaking, slug-like lips quivering
51) 10) dialog: If he moves, cook him. Blade approaches the vault door, sizing up its locking me pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secure door, arming it with a BEEP!
51) 12) dialog: That's the point. Enraged, Pearl LUNGES from his bed. Karen triggers the UV frying him to a blackened crisp. Pearl quivers, his enorm smoking like a piece of charred meat.  Blade looks back at Karen with newfound respect. She shru
51) 16) text: Curiosity killed the cat. Blade and Karen spin --
51) 19) text: Hola, amigo. Remember me? Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-d claws around Karen's throat. As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --
51) 23) text: You can slice him, you can dice him,  and the man just keeps on coming.  Blade struggles violently, but Quinn is upon him, poundin into Blade again and again and again -- giving him paybac compounded interest. When it's over, Quinn steps back, wi Blade's head hangs down. He gasps, wincing, every breath red hot poker to his gut. Quinn grabs a hold of Blade's j his head up. 
51) 26) text: Now here's a man who takes his job  just a little too seriously, don't you  think? (back to Blade)
51) 27) text: Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe  you one -- Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts
51) 30) dialog: I'm expecting some company. It's then that Quinn notices the micro ear-coil radio rec Blade's ear. As we MOVE IN on it, we hear a tiny VOICE sq it:
51) 32) text: Get down! Blade kicks his feet out, sending Quinn flying backwards. free of the vamps holding him and DIVES forward, knocking the ground just as -- BOOM!!! The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, k Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet. 
55) 4) dialog: He can take care of himself! GO!!! They race through the twisting warren of tunnels, taking after another, the vampires hot on their heels --
56) 0) text: Blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel, into a station stop up ahead. We can see the RED TAIL-LIG train just pulling away from the platform -- Blade and Ka double their efforts, lungs burning, legs pumping like ma the train enters the next tunnel -- -- they leap, dragging themselves up onto the back of the passenger car. Blade SMASHES his fist through the emergen window, then lifts Karen up, helping her climb through in car --  -- but the vampires are still coming! Crawling along the on all fours, limbs a blur, claws striking the concrete a out sparks. Closing fast. Too fast. 
57) 0) text: Karen helps Blade inside. He sinks to the floor of the ot deserted car, exhausted. He's looking ashen now. The whit eyes are shot through with red. Karen gets a good look at Blade's wounds -- the front of is soaked in blood. She reaches for him --
57) 2) dialog: Nothing that won't heal by dawn. Blade reaches into his jacket and pulls out the small, ga pistol-injector we saw Whistler inject him with earlier. load one of the ampoules into it, but because of his woun having much luck -- 
57) 3) dialog: (frustrated)
57) 4) text: I need help with this -- Karen nods, inserting the ampoule into the gun. Blade shr jacket, holds out his arm. Karen pauses --
57) 6) dialog: (weakly)
57) 9) dialog: Not quite. I'm a hybrid. Half-human,  half-vampire. Off Karen's surprised reaction, we --
58) 0) text: The loading elevator CLANGS to a stop. Blade throws the g Karen helps him out. Now that they're safely back, the la Blade's strength seems to dissipate. 
58) 3) dialog: Don't even start, old man. Blade throws his sword aside, then moves off into the sha disappearing beyond the curtains. Karen looks to Whistler
61) 7) text: Which is why you're here. We could use  someone with your experience. A beat passes between them and Karen knows where she stan for a penny, in for a pound. Whistler reaches for Blade's
61) 19) text: Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and  I'm not getting any younger, am I? Just then, we hear a SCREAM come from Blade's room, sound like the cry of a beast than a man. Karen takes a step to Blade's room --
62) 3) dialog: You get used to the darkness. Karen takes a step towards him.
62) 5) dialog: I can't close my eyes without hearing  her scream.
62) 7) dialog: I do. I remember from day one. People  staring at me, sensing I was  different. Watching the fear grow in  their eyes, knowing in their hearts I  wasn't human.
62) 9) dialog: Just get out of here.
62) 11) dialog: I said, GET OUT!!! Karen backs away, startled by Blade's vehemence. She exit him alone with his demons. He holds up one of his empty s ampoules, crushing it in his fist.
64) 0) text: Karen stands at a lab table with Whistler, preparing a nu blood sample vials. They are surrounded by host of new me equipment -- from centrifuges to genetic sequencers and b Blade emerges from his room, looks to Karen. As if by sil agreement, last night's words go unacknowledged. He strap bandoleer of stakes, secures his scabbard.
64) 2) dialog: China Town. I need more serum. (re: new equipment)
64) 5) dialog: (sarcastic)
64) 8) text: Show him -- Karen looks to Blade, who shrugs. She opens a refrigerato a syringe filled with blue fluid.
64) 10) text: Vampire blood cells swirling about. Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, violently bubbling. Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in tim blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine bursts apart the glass lens of the scope.  Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.
64) 14) dialog: Cancer. Karen watches as Blade's blood flows into the vacutainer. the first, then inserts another. 
64) 16) dialog: We've got a good arrangement, that's  all. Whistler makes the weapons, I use  them, the vampires die -- end of  story. Karen finishes. Blade rolls up his sleeve.
64) 19) dialog: Your mother sounds like a Hallmark  greeting card.  Blade slips his Casulls into a shoulder holster, then shr leather jacket, donning his sunglasses.
64) 20) dialog: I'd wish you luck, Doc, but I never  put much stock in optimism. He heads towards the elevator.
65) 0) text: Blade makes his way down a street lined with vending stal passing MERCHANTS peddling exotic vegetables and cheap cu butcher shops with rows of roast ducks in the window, tyr BANGERS lounging at the entrance to a video arcade.
65) 1) text: Even though the streets are crowded, the people seem to m him, avoiding eye-contact.  Blade turns into a dark alley, ducking into the doorway o the-wall herbalist shop.
66) 0) text: A bell atop the door JINGLES, announcing Blade's arrival. dusty, cave-like room filled with baskets and bottle-line featuring things like "Toad Spleen Extract" and "Barking Joss sticks burn, sending wispy tendrils of incense into At the back of the shop, an elderly CHINESE MAN in a card front of a battered television, watching a boxing match. a bowl of litchi fruit. On the counter nearby, a SPIDER M watches attentively. 
66) 1) dialog: How's it going, Kam?
66) 4) dialog: I was in the neighborhood. Kam sets his fruit bowl aside, leads Blade through a curt back room.
67) 0) text: Kam hands Blade a leather valise. He opens it -- its line ampoules of scarlet-colored serum. Blade pulls one out, h to the light.
67) 1) dialog: Whistler says I'm building up a  resistance to it.
67) 3) dialog: Maybe it's time to start exploring  other alternatives.
67) 5) dialog: Yeah. I know. Blade closes the valise and tucks it inside his jacket. 
67) 6) dialog: Thanks, Kam. (thinking)
67) 7) text: One other thing. Have you ever heard  of a vampire called the Sleeper? Kam shakes his head. Blade pulls out the parchment he too Pearl.
67) 8) dialog: I found this in there archives. I need  to find someone who can read their  language.  Kam studies the parchment.
68) 0) text: Blade emerges from the alley into the sunlight, then hear WHISPERED on the wind. VOICE (o.s.)
68) 1) text: Blade. Blade spins, scanning his surroundings -- did he really h name, or was it just the wind? VOICE (o.s.)
68) 2) text: Blade. Again, the taunting voice calls him. Blade's gaze finally on --
68) 8) dialog: (confused)
68) 12) dialog: I don't buy it.
68) 14) dialog: Maybe I don't see it that way.
68) 16) dialog: You're wrong.
68) 22) dialog: Pass.
68) 28) dialog: You're not going anywhere.
68) 30) text: Watch me. Frost's eyes flicker towards the street -- a CITY BUS is In a heartbeat, Frost hurls the little girl forward -- -- out into the path of the oncoming bus!  Blade has a split-second to act. It's Frost or the girl - moment we actually think he's going to go for Frost -- -- but then he DIVES forward, scooping the girl into his throwing themselves out of the bus' path. The bus misses hair. By the time Blade looks up again -- -- Frost is gone. Blade rises, cursing, scanning the stre market-goers gather around him.
69) 0) text: Blade's Olds cruises into the gated grounds. It zips down way into the loading elevator.
70) 0) text: Blade enters through the loading elevator, finding Karen hard at work. She turns as he approaches -- SEES him back sun. She looks pale, the whites of her eyes are streaked
70) 1) dialog: Any progress?
70) 3) dialog: You don't look so good. 
71) 1) dialog: It's started. Karen spins, startled. Blade stands behind her. He grips turning her head so he can better view the wound.
71) 2) dialog: You've got another day or two at most. Karen nods, shaken. As she moves to leave, Blade reaches stopping her.
71) 3) dialog: For what it's worth, I'm sorry.
73) 0) text: Windy. Urban desolation. Blade stands on the perimeter of cardboard and plywood squatter's ghetto which has sprung the city dump. CHILDREN and DOGS forage for salvageable i in the distance, dumptrucks grind over the dunes of refus
73) 3) dialog: I'm here to see Miracia. Kam sent me. The man turns to his fellow squatters, WHISPERING. After debate, a GAUNT WOMAN steps forward, motioning --
74) 10) text: The problem is, Blade didn't contract  the vampire virus from a bite like I  did. He was born with it. The irony  is, I could probably cure every  vampire but him.
77) 0) text: Blade is led to a plywood cabin crowded with candle-lit a garish pictures of Saints and demons abound, alongside bo roots and herbs steeped in alcohol, human bones, voodoo d
77) 3) dialog: You're blind --
77) 7) dialog: I didn't come here to get my palms  read. I need something translated.
77) 11) dialog: Who is LaMagra?
77) 14) text: "His blood will call the Sleeper from  beyond the Veil of Tears." Blade stares at Miracia, shaken.
77) 15) dialog: His blood -- ? The old woman nods, reaching for a smoldering cigarette.
77) 18) dialog: (recalling the phrase)
77) 22) dialog: How do I stop it? Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.
77) 25) dialog: But I just got here --
78) 0) text: Blade steps out from the elevator into the workshop -- The place has been trashed. It looks like a tornado touch his absence. Blade pulls out one of his .454s, cautious -
78) 1) dialog: 
78) 4) dialog: Jesus, Whistler, what did they do to  you? Whistler opens his eyes, struggling to speak --
78) 6) dialog: Don't try to talk --
78) 8) dialog: No, we can treat the wounds -- But Whistler is shaking his hand.
78) 10) dialog: Whistler, I can't. Whistler clutches at Blade's arm, his eyes burning with c
78) 12) dialog: Whistler, I --
78) 15) text: Just be quick about it, will you? Do  it right. Blade fights back tears. With a wretched moan, he turns h drives the stake into Whistler's chest. Whistler GASPS. B his arms around the older man, holding him tight as the l of him, rocking back and forth -- After a while, the rocking stops and Blade lays Whistler floor. Then something catches his eye --
78) 19) text: I'll make this as easy as possible for  you, Blade. You can find us at the  Edgewood Towers. We'll be waiting with  baited breath. The tape cuts to static. Blade throws the camcorder again It shatters into a dozen pieces. Blade turns now, his eyes falling on the medical equipmen brought from the hospital. He moves to the refrigerator, canister labeled "SODIUM CITRATE". Then he draws his swor practically see the wheels turning within his mind --
79) 11) text: Imagine my surprise when Blade turned  out to be the key which would set that  force free.  Frost sits forward now, impassioned.
80) 1) text: A telephoto view of Frost's penthouse. The windows are po blocking out the sun's harsh rays. Blade lowers a pair of binoculars. He's standing on the r building across the street. He hefts an air-launcher rifl firing position -- BANG! An iron spike trailing a steel cable rockets throug between the two buildings, sinking into the concrete faca Frost's penthouse. Blade secures his end of the rope. He pulley over the rope, grabs hold of two handles, and leap roof ledge! WHOOSH! Blade slides towards Frost's penthouse, a good tw above street level. A second before he reaches the window lets go. Momentum sends him CRASHING through in a shower
81) 0) text: An ALARM is ringing. Sunlight streams in through the brok TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swa are burning up before our eyes. Blade climbs to his feet
83) 0) text: Blade unsheathes his sword and heads out into the hall --
84) 0) text: To Blade's right is the inner chamber with the "waterfall ANOTHER VAMPIRE approaches, Blade readies his sword --
84) 2) dialog: You should be. I've made some  improvements. And with that, Blade thrusts his blackened sword forward, through the vampire's chest.  The creature SHRIEKS and atomizes -FWOOSH!- flying apart beaded spray of blood mist.  Up ahead are a set of steel doors with a time-lock mechan draws a Casull, BLASTS away at the lock, then shoulders t open --
85) 0) text: We are in a windowless, vault-like room dominated by a se high-tech STAINLESS STEEL SARCOPHAGI. Think of a hyperbar each unit possessing a small face-plate window through wh sleeping subject can be viewed. Blade unsheathes his sword. He grabs the lid of the first sarcophagus, HEAVING upward. With a PNEUMATIC HISS, the l belching out a cloud of condensation mist.  As the mist clears, revealing the occupant within, Blade sword, ready to plunge it downward -- only it's not Deaco rests beneath him, it's --
85) 3) dialog: Mother -- ?! Vanessa rises from the sarcophagus, tears staining her ch
85) 5) text: You have no idea what I've been  through, how much I've wanted to see  you --  Blade falters, his mind reeling. What he's seeing is inco -- his mother is dead. Yet, here she is in the flesh, rea him and -- -- flashing a mouthful of viper-like fangs! She SNARLS an brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking t from his grasp --
85) 7) dialog: But you -- died --
85) 10) dialog: Fight him -- As if on cue, Frost appears at Vanessa's side, wrapping a arm about her waist, kissing the nape of her neck. She le -- an act of practiced intimacy.
85) 15) dialog: Please -- 
85) 18) text: Daddy's here. Blade's eyes widen in shock. Frost simply laughs.
85) 20) text: Thirty years ago. A moonlit street, a  woman on her way home alone. You were  conceived the night I tore my fangs  into your mother's flesh.  Frost swings his fist into Blade's skull. Everything goes
86) 0) text: FADE IN as Blade opens his eyes, still groggy, his face b sweat. Feverish. His hands have been bound tightly behind with manacles and chains. 
86) 3) dialog: (weakly)
86) 5) dialog: How long have we been driving?
86) 7) text: I don't know. I woke up just before  you did -- As he struggles to sit up, she crosses over to him. Blade eyes for a moment, fighting a wave of pain.
86) 9) dialog: (nodding)
86) 13) dialog: What are you talking about? Karen forces herself to meet his gaze.
86) 16) text: I'm so sorry. Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining ou And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, th lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as -- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands the grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-
87) 0) text: Blade and Karen are dragged from the back of the truck, w revealed now to be an armored car. 
89) 0) text: Blade and Karen are pulled inside the elevator. The contr buttons have vampire glyphs, rather than numbers. Frost p bottom one. The doors close with a WHOOSH and the car des down, down, down. Frost glances over at Karen, smiling amiably.
89) 11) dialog: -- go to hell -- Frost smiles, his eyes burning with an infernal glow.
90) 8) dialog: I'd kill myself -- before I turned  into something like you. Frost just smiles and shakes his head.
90) 10) text: When the Tide comes, you'll be begging  me put you through the Change.  Frost lifts up Blade's sword, methodically slitting Blade one by one. He makes the cuts lengthwise, opening up the basilic veins with surgical precision. Blood wells up from the fresh wounds, running down Blade' collecting in a cistern beneath his feet.  Frost watches the steady, inexorable process, then nods, He looks to the others who are gathered behind him, watch silent reverence.
90) 14) dialog: How could you be a part of this?
90) 16) dialog: You don't have to be. 
90) 19) dialog: I don't believe that.
90) 21) dialog: Mother! Vanessa pauses, looking back, smiling cruelly.
91) 11) text: No. Deacon wants him turned. Quinn releases Blade, disgusted. 
93) 0) text: Karen slips around a corner, guarded, searching. She SEES strung up before her, seemingly lifeless. Karen studies the chains which bind Blade, following them their source at the winch. She releases the brake on the sending the chains RATTLING down through the overhead pul suspend them.  Blade crumples to the floor, lying still. Karen is at his instant --
93) 2) text: Blade. Blade's eyes flicker open, fixing on her. Inhuman. He's s like an alcoholic going into delirium tremens.
94) 0) text: Vanessa hands Frost the chalice containing Blade's blood. up for all to see. The vampires begin to chant en masse, forgotten invocation in the vampire tongue.
95) 0) text: Blade tries to sit up, gripping Karen's wrist --
95) 1) dialog: Get out of here --
95) 3) dialog: You don't understand. The Thirst -- He clutches his stomach, experiencing phenomenal pain.
95) 4) dialog: (gasping)
95) 7) dialog: No --
95) 9) dialog: I can't -- I won't be able to stop --
96) 0) text: Karen turns her head to the side, baring her neck, offeri to Blade. Blade opens his mouth. His canines elongate. He head -- -- and starts to feed. Karen involuntarily stiffens as Bl puncture her skin and we --
98) 0) text: Blade moans, sinking his teeth deeper. Karen's head rolls eyes open -- glassy, unseeing -- as a wave of ecstasy ove She shudders, her breath quickening, falling into a synch rhythm with Blade's. Her fingers dig deep into his back, downward, tearing into him --  She's not Karen anymore -- she's a red blood cell, an ery spinning in a river of plasma, roaring up Blade's femoral racing towards the pumping chambers of his heart which be deafening breath of God, which blots all other sounds out existence and we're --
98) 2) dialog: 
100) 0) text: -- Karen clawing at Blade, tears streaming down her cheek
100) 4) text: Are you -- all right? Blade pulls at the chains manacled to his wrists, SNAPPIN like toys. He flexes his hands -- fingernails lengthening points. And he smiles, offering us a view of his canines, elongated into fangs.
100) 5) dialog: (near-demonic)
101) 4) dialog: Frost!!! All heads turn --
101) 5) dialog: stands at the balcony overhead, Karen at his side. He lea somersaulting down to the floor below, landing on his fee predatory cat.
101) 6) dialog: Who dies first?
101) 8) text: Take him. Quinn GROWLS, stepping forward, armed with Blade's punchi He offers his second "new hand" up for view. 
101) 10) text: -- and now I'm gonna kill you with it. Quinn charges. Blade meets the vampire head-on, dropping kick and sweeping the vampire's legs out from under him. behind Quinn -- 
101) 11) dialog: Let's see if you can grow a new one of these! Blade hooks a finger through the metal ring at the end of sleeve, pulling out a retractable strangle-wire which he around Quinn's throat.  Blade tightens the wire, decapitating Quinn. The headless staggers about, then drops to the cavern floor. Blade sco punching dagger --
101) 12) dialog: Next? Mercury and the other faithful vampires charge en masse. launches a spinning wheel kick into the first vamp's face its neck -- Mercury has Blade's .454 Casulls. She aims them at him --
101) 23) dialog: Where are you?! Frost's voice answers from all directions.
101) 34) dialog: Guess you're not quite as invulnerable  as you thought.
101) 36) dialog: You don't have a few minutes, Frost. Frost eyes Blade warily, then lunges towards Vanessa, swe her. Blade follows, but even as he raises his sword to st spins Vanessa around, using her body as a shield! Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catchi mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Ka poisonous mace. Piteous, really.  Frost smiles, for he's found a final weakness of Blade's
101) 40) text: You're too human, Blade. 
101) 41) dialog: (steeling himself)
101) 42) text: It's because I'm human that I can do  this. Frost's eyes widen in shock, but he has no time to react, Blade is already LUNGING forward, driving the sword-point Vanessa's chest, on into Frost's heart! It strikes the st them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD. Blade is thrown back off his feet, having to shield his e backlash of occult energy as a near tidal WAVE of blood s him -- 
104) 0) text: Blade and Karen stand on the rooftop, watching as dawn sl across the silent city.
104) 3) dialog: For them. But for me -- He lifts his face towards the rising sun, letting its war over his upturned face.
104) 4) dialog: I feel like it's finally beginning. And on that note we leave them -- TWO FIGURES, silhouette the new day. FADE TO BLACK.