7) 2) dialog: Jesus, that's rank --  Curtis turns back, makes note of the blackened stump wher arm used to be, the ruined throat -- 
7) 3) dialog: What's his story?
7) 5) dialog: Pretty.
8) 4) dialog: Then what is it?
8) 6) text: Look at this blood smear --  Curtis takes a look for himself.
8) 9) dialog: What about the chemistry panel?  Karen looks to Julie, who reaches for a computer print-ou
8) 13) dialog: (insistent)
8) 16) dialog: This is purely professional curiosity,  Karen, I swear. Karen rolls her eyes, lets loose a tired sigh.
8) 18) dialog: No problem.
9) 0) text: The dead of night, not a mouse in the house. Curtis and K garbed in a mask, stand on either side of Quinn's body, w rests on the autopsy table.
9) 3) dialog: Just the blood sample from the  pericardial sac. Curtis pauses, studying Quinn's disfigured face -- the fe much less damaged now -- almost as if the corpse were hea
9) 4) dialog: That's weird --
9) 6) dialog: He looks different now, burns are less  extreme, some of these wounds have  closed up --  Curtis pulls out a penlight, flicks it on. He leans over shining the light into one of his eyes.
9) 7) dialog: Tell me something, honestly, you ever  have second thoughts about us?
9) 9) text: Sometimes -- Curtis looks up from the corpse, grinning beneath his mas
9) 11) dialog: Jesus, Karen, you're breaking my heart  here -- Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking h into Curtis' jugular. He snaps the man's neck in two for access, sucking in blood like a living vacuum.  Karen stumbles backwards, sending autopsy tools CLATTERIN
9) 16) text: The sound of RUSHING BLOOD pounding through her skull. Ev spinning. She struggles to move, turns her head, finds he eye with Curtis' corpse.
91) 6) dialog: Tell, me, Karennn -- ever have second  thoughts -- about us? Karen SCREAMS, trying to force the revenant away from her lunges closer, lolling its distended tongue over her mout pathetic approximation of a French kiss. She fumbles behind her, choking, grabbing hold of a human blindly swinging it upward -- CRACK! The blow shatters the Curtis-thing's jaw. It rears falling to the side.  Karen crawls out from under its weight, swinging the femu again -- CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Karen pummels the howling horror, dr back until the femur actually splinters in half. The crea hangs at an awkward angle now, its neck broken -- but sti advances, dragging itself back up. Sobbing, Karen retreats, clutching the splintered femur l makeshift dagger. Curtis charges at her, a blur of slashing claws. At the l Karen ducks, thrusting the bone dagger up into Curtis' ch Curtis impales himself, right through the heart. For one second, his eyes widen in surprise -- -- and then he goes into a death-spasm, vomiting up a spr caustic vampire blood-bile, spattering Karen. She sinks t GASPING, as the thing that used to be Curtis shrivels up, away into burbling puddle. After a beat, Karen rises and moves to the pit wall, runn hands over the lichen-slick surface, searching for a way mortar between the brickwork is ancient, crumbling.  Karen looks to the ground, reaching for one of the splint She pounds it into the mortar between two bricks -- and i working as a makeshift piton. Karen reaches for another broken femur, lodging it a foot first. She hauls her body up now, suspending her weight f makeshift pitons. Again, they hold. Trembling from exertion, Karen pulls the right piton free solely from her left hand now. Though her handhold is pre manages to swing the right hand up again, pounding that p foot above the left. In this slow, torturous manner, Karen begins to climb her of the pit.