8) 1) text: of a slide-mounted blood smear stained with Wright stain What we see is a collection of donut-shaped pink things ( cells) intermingled with some small blue specks (platelet occasional larger, light-blue blobs (white blood cells). KAREN JANSEN (20s), a fine-featured hematologist with a s in suspended animation, sits back from the microscope, st to her is JULIE WHITAKER, a cheerful chemtech. 
8) 2) dialog: You took this off a DOA? Curtis sits on a stool nearby, slowly nodding.
8) 3) dialog: This isn't human blood.
8) 5) dialog: I don't know -- (re: microscope)
8) 7) dialog: The red blood cells are biconvex,  which is theoretically impossible.  They're hypochromic, there's virtually  no hemoglobin in them.  (shaking her head)
8) 11) text: Like the woman said, impossible. Karen removes her glasses, rubbing the bridge of her nose
8) 12) dialog: Curtis, it's three in the morning. I'm  really not in the mood for one of your  practical jokes.
8) 15) dialog: I thought you promised to give me some  distance?
8) 17) dialog: Five minutes, not a second more. And I  don't want to hear a word about "us".
9) 2) dialog: You haven't started in on the internal  organs?
9) 5) dialog: What?
9) 8) dialog: (grudgingly)
9) 10) dialog: -- but then I remember what an  ass-hole you were and I'm snapped back  to reality. 
9) 15) text: -- more -- blood -- Karen backs into the corpse drawers, but Quinn is upon he second, wrapping a hand about her throat. His mouth opens disturbingly wide as if to swallow her head whole, causti dripping from his canines --  Karen tries to turn her head away, but Quinn's grip is vi finds herself staring into his eyes -- pupils pulsing rap opening and closing, hypnotic -- As Quinn sinks the tips of his fangs into Karen's carotid starts to nurse -- BANG!!! A load of MAHOGANY buckshot chews into Quinn's si in pain. Another load catches him full in the face. He dr She falls to the floor -- 
10) 0) text: Blade clears the impossible distance -- almost. He snags the adjacent parking structure with his left hand even as from the grasp of his right -- -- a last-second save, his fingers clamping around her wr that stands between Karen and street pizza. She SCREAMS a dangling below him -- Blade GRUNTS, swinging Karen like a pendulum, heaving her the ledge as if she were a sack of potatoes. She lands on shoulder, clutching it in pain -- Blade heaves himself up, crouching beside her.
10) 1) dialog: (gasping)
10) 2) text: My shoulder -- dislocated -- Blade places a hand on her shoulder, another around her e without any consideration to discomfort -CRACK!- brutally back in place. Karen SCREAMS again as he scoops her up on heads for --
11) 0) text: Blade sets Karen down in the passenger seat, climbs behin keys the ignition. The engine ROARS to life, belching fum the dual exhaust. Blade floors it, burning serious rubber vanishes from sight. 
14) 0) text: Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into h He hits a remote secured to the sun visor --
17) 0) text: Set up in an old ironworks, the place looks like a cross auto junkyard and an armory. Equipment is strewn everywhe lathes, mills, old furnaces, gutted vehicles, an ad hoc s theater -- all of it jerry-rigged in a brutal, oily-tech. Blade climbs out of the Olds. He opens the passenger door Karen out, carries her in his arms. 
17) 10) dialog: What -- ?
17) 14) text: "Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm  going to inject you with an antidote  made from allium setivum -- garlic.  This is going to hurt. A lot.  Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen expe next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps b through your veins. Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the p vampire venom. Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperate for assurance. 
19) 0) text: ON KAREN as she comes to. Her wounds have been bandaged. little shaky, takes in her surroundings -- She's in a spa like a monk's cell. On the wall is a collection of knives daggers. Some of them wooden, their hilts inscribed with looking runes. In the center of these weapons rests --
20) 0) text: We hear VOICES now, coming from beyond a series of black- curtains. Karen pushes one aside and SEES --
20) 5) dialog: She draws back, instinctively knowing that she's just wit something she shouldn't have. She looks for an exit, SEES doorway. She makes for it -- 
21) 4) dialog: I'm sorry, I --
21) 6) dialog: Who are you people?
21) 10) dialog: You're joking --
21) 13) dialog: Why did you help me? Blade scowls, his gaze flickering to Whistler.
21) 18) dialog: Why?
21) 20) dialog: What happens then? Blade looks to Whistler -- as far as he's concerned, the over.
22) 0) text: Beyond the grimy outer windows, we can see that the day i long shadows, amber light. Karen lingers in the doorway, information overload.  Blade begins suiting up for his nightly hunt -- strapping armor, loading ammunition. He strings the tarnished locke neck as if it were an amulet that could ward off evil, th inspect a modified pistol, sighting down the length of it
22) 2) dialog: (sarcastic)
22) 7) dialog: And you honestly expect me to believe  all this?
22) 9) dialog: I can't just leave. I have a life  here, a career --
22) 12) text: Sometimes people like yourself get  caught in the cross-fire.  Whistler shrugs. As far as he's concerned, there's nothin say. Karen is still protesting, though. 
22) 13) dialog: I can go to the police. I have blood  samples back at the hospital. I can  show them. 
22) 15) dialog: That's ridiculous! No one's that  powerful.  Whistler sighs. He doesn't suffer fools gladly.
22) 20) dialog: (in disbelief)
24) 0) text: Blade brings the car to a stop. Karen looks at him. His e hidden behind his glasses, his expression stone.
25) 0) text: As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind he ROARS off down the quiet residential street. 
26) 0) text: Karen crosses the lobby, stepping into an elevator. Just are closing, a WOMAN and TWO MEN duck in alongside her. 
27) 0) text: Silence, the uncomfortableness of an elevator ride magnif Karen can FEEL the eyes of her fellow passengers upon her succumbing to paranoia, she hazards a glance -- would she tell if these people weren't human? The woman turns to Ka smiles -- Karen surreptitiously fishes the "vampire mace" from her clutching it -- and now one of the men turns to look at h nodding --
28) 0) text: The elevator doors open. Karen hurries out, heads left, f in a deserted hallway. She looks back -- -- then skips a heartbeat as the trio also step out! As K the canister of mace -- -- the trio turn and head down to the right. Karen breath relief, shakes her head.
29) 0) text: Karen enters quickly, bolting the door behind her. She pi phone, dials 911 --
29) 1) dialog: I need the police. This is an  emergency -- As Karen waits to be connected, she moves to the back ent checks the locks -- then the windows, then the fire escap finally, a VOICE comes on the other end.
29) 2) dialog: Hello? My name is Karen Jansen, I was  with Curtis Webb at Mid-Town Hospital  last night -- that's right, I  witnessed the attack -- (listening)
29) 3) text: 115 Aurora, apartment 3G. Yes, I'll  wait here. Please hurry. Karen hangs up the phone and turns -- 
29) 5) dialog: Get a grip on yourself, girl. She sinks down into a chair to wait, setting Whistler's v aside. Then she shuts her eyes, massaging her temples. We
29) 7) dialog: Who is it? 
29) 10) dialog: Yes, that was me, I'm Karen Jansen --  Gideon smiles, takes a quick glance around the room, then Karen's face, the bandages on her neck.
29) 13) dialog: I know. Listen -- do you have any idea  what happened to Curtis, the other  doctor?
29) 16) dialog: (alarmed)
29) 20) dialog: He said it would work against  vampires -- Gideon bursts out laughing.
29) 24) dialog: How did you know?
29) 26) dialog: You used me as bait?!
29) 28) dialog: But, he could've --
29) 30) dialog: But he's a policeman --
29) 34) dialog: Why in God's name would anyone want to  work for them?
29) 36) dialog: And that's a good thing?
30) 0) text: Blade and Karen are now standing by Gideon's police cruis parked outside Karen's apartment. Blade shoves Gideon aga hood of the cruiser. He finds Gideon's keys, moves to the opens it --
30) 6) dialog: What are you doing?!
30) 8) dialog: You can't do this, he's human, it's  murder.
30) 12) dialog: You were going to kill him. What was I  supposed to do?! Shut my eyes and  pretend I didn't see what I saw?  Blade tears off his glasses. Karen gasps --
34) 3) dialog: I remembered the address. I followed  you -- Blade shakes his head, amazed.
34) 5) dialog: Look, if what you say is true, if  there's a chance I could turn into one  of them, then I've got no choice, do  I? I have to work with you. I need to  learn everything I can about them.  It's the only way I'll be able to find  a cure for myself.
34) 7) dialog: (defiant)
34) 9) dialog: What are you looking at?
34) 12) dialog: Graffiti --
34) 16) dialog: (recognizing it)
34) 19) text: You telling me you're ready to walk  through that door? Karen nods. Blade continues to stare at her, taking her m there's a strength in this woman's eyes, she has the soul fighter -- and Blade recognizes it. 
34) 23) dialog: No. Blade takes the gun back, snorting derisively.
34) 25) text: Silver hollow-points filled with  garlic. You aim for the heart or the  head, anything else is a one-way  ticket to a pine box. Blade hand it to her again, then starts across the street clinic. Karen follows --
35) 4) dialog: What if you've made a mistake? Blade pins Tanaka's head to the wall, turning it to the s revealing the man's glyph. It's different than Gideon's, like a Japanese kanji character.
36) 0) text: Karen and Blade SEE supply cabinets, cots, a number of lo refrigeration units. Blade FIRES into the door handle of units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ce plastic packets of blood.
37) 0) text: Blade and Karen return to the Olds. He keys the ignition, engine idle. They're parked down the street from the bloo Karen looks to Blade, confused --
37) 1) dialog: You let him go --  (off Blade's nod)
37) 10) text: Yes? Karen looks to Blade, impressed. 
40) 3) dialog: How can you tell?
40) 6) dialog: So many of them -- I still can't  believe they're real.
40) 8) dialog: Like what?
41) 0) text: Blade and Karen climb out. He lets his shotgun fall withi of his longcoat and starts across the street -- only to b by a HULKING DOORMAN at the entrance.
42) 0) text: CRASH! The front door flies open as the Doorman's body sa Blade enters, Karen at his heels --  The 'Pearl' is an all-hours strip club cum casino caterin exclusively to Japanese zaibatsu clientele. Dimly lit, th with cigarette smoke, deafening MUSIC. Go boards, pachink sexy little MANGA WAIFS in schoolgirl outfits doling out STRIPPERS writhe in the circular "pit" tables surrounded grab-ass men. But that's nothing compared to -- The MAIN ATTRACTION, who's doing a bump and grind down the runway, shaking a b of a schoolboy's wet dream. Her attire? A leather S&amp;M nipple rings, 6-inch spikes, and a pair of panties to hid modesty. Blade scans the room -- just in time to see Tanaka duckin back hallway. Blade pushes towards the rear of the club. follows. 
43) 0) text: Blade and Karen head past the bathrooms. At the end of th door marked "OFFICE". Just then, the Men's door opens, a COLLEGE KID steps out, SEES Blade --
44) 6) text: We see Tanaka behind him, pulling a handgun out of a desk swinging it up -- Blade unholsters one of his Casulls faster than any gunsl history. He FIRES over his own shoulder, BLOWING Tanaka b the wall.  Blade puts his sunglasses back on, motions to the elevato to Karen --
46) 0) text: Blade and Karen enter the narrow, maze-like "stacks" of t archives, weaving their way through shelves of climate-co digitized records. 
46) 1) dialog: What is this place?
46) 3) dialog: Isn't this all a little high-tech? I  thought vampires were more into  cobwebs and coffins.
47) 0) text: Nothing Karen's seen up until this point could prepare he archive's curator --
51) 13) dialog: He moved. Blade turns back to the vault, setting off the charge. BO kicks the damaged door in, knocking it clear off its hing
51) 15) dialog: What are these? QUINN (o.s.)
51) 16) text: Curiosity killed the cat. Blade and Karen spin --
51) 19) text: Hola, amigo. Remember me? Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-d claws around Karen's throat. As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --
51) 27) text: Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe  you one -- Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts
52) 3) dialog: How did you find us?! Whistler taps a tiny radio headset curled around his ear.
52) 5) dialog: (incredulous)
55) 0) text: As the group splashes through the water, a FIREBALL chase the tunnel. They duck into an alcove, narrowly avoiding t Whistler WHOOPS with excitement, loving every minute of i triumph is short-lived, for now we hear -- -- a deafening chorus of HIGH-PITCHED VAMPIRE WAR CRIES c behind. Karen hazards a look back --
55) 2) dialog: Whistler!
56) 0) text: Blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel, into a station stop up ahead. We can see the RED TAIL-LIG train just pulling away from the platform -- Blade and Ka double their efforts, lungs burning, legs pumping like ma the train enters the next tunnel -- -- they leap, dragging themselves up onto the back of the passenger car. Blade SMASHES his fist through the emergen window, then lifts Karen up, helping her climb through in car --  -- but the vampires are still coming! Crawling along the on all fours, limbs a blur, claws striking the concrete a out sparks. Closing fast. Too fast. 
57) 0) text: Karen helps Blade inside. He sinks to the floor of the ot deserted car, exhausted. He's looking ashen now. The whit eyes are shot through with red. Karen gets a good look at Blade's wounds -- the front of is soaked in blood. She reaches for him --
57) 1) dialog: You're hurt --
57) 4) text: I need help with this -- Karen nods, inserting the ampoule into the gun. Blade shr jacket, holds out his arm. Karen pauses --
57) 5) dialog: What am I injecting you with?
57) 7) text: Serum -- it's a human hemoglobin  substitute. Karen locates a vein, presses the injector against it -- tenses, grits his teeth, fights to keep his body thrashin serum enters his bloodstream. He grips the wall behind hi actually digs his nails into the metal surface -- the ago going through is excruciating, like nothing we could imag When it's over, he slumps forward, spent, vulnerable, flu sweat. Karen stares at him --
57) 8) dialog: You're one of them, aren't you? Blade turns away from Karen, filled with self-loathing. 
58) 0) text: The loading elevator CLANGS to a stop. Blade throws the g Karen helps him out. Now that they're safely back, the la Blade's strength seems to dissipate. 
58) 4) dialog: Why didn't you tell me the truth  about him?
61) 0) text: Whistler studies Karen, exhaling another lungful of smoke
61) 2) dialog: What happens if he doesn't take the  serum?
61) 5) dialog: No offense, Whistler, but you're not  exactly working with state of the art  equipment here. You might have missed  something.
61) 7) text: Which is why you're here. We could use  someone with your experience. A beat passes between them and Karen knows where she stan for a penny, in for a pound. Whistler reaches for Blade's
61) 9) dialog: Why do you hunt them?
61) 12) dialog: He killed them?
61) 14) dialog: How did you escape?
61) 16) text: Even gave me a souvenir to remember  him by. Karen nods -- it's all falling into place for her now.
61) 17) dialog: And now you're using Blade to exact  your revenge?
61) 19) text: Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and  I'm not getting any younger, am I? Just then, we hear a SCREAM come from Blade's room, sound like the cry of a beast than a man. Karen takes a step to Blade's room --
61) 21) dialog: I'll take my chances.
62) 0) text: Karen enters. It's dark, just a trace of moonlight.
62) 1) dialog: Blade? No answer. Then Karen SEES him -- crouched in the corner like some kind of nocturnal animal.
62) 2) dialog: It's dark in here.
62) 4) dialog: Whistler told me about your mother.  Blade clutches the silver locket in his hand. It swings b forth, like a pendulum.
62) 6) dialog: Those aren't real memories. No one has  that kind of recall.
62) 8) dialog: If you're not human, then why do you  bleed like us?  I've seen vampire blood, you don't  have it running through your veins. Blade looks at Karen, his lambent eyes glowing in the moo
62) 10) dialog: Blade -- Blade turns, his eyes glowing with preternatural fury. 
64) 0) text: Karen stands at a lab table with Whistler, preparing a nu blood sample vials. They are surrounded by host of new me equipment -- from centrifuges to genetic sequencers and b Blade emerges from his room, looks to Karen. As if by sil agreement, last night's words go unacknowledged. He strap bandoleer of stakes, secures his scabbard.
64) 4) dialog: I made a trip to the hospital last  night, borrowed some equipment.
64) 8) text: Show him -- Karen looks to Blade, who shrugs. She opens a refrigerato a syringe filled with blue fluid.
64) 9) dialog: This is sodium citrate. It's an  anti-coagulant. We use it to treat  blood-clots sometimes. Vampire blood  is thinner than humans, though. Watch  what happens when I introduce some  into a sample -- Karen gestures to the microscope. Blade takes a look --
64) 10) text: Vampire blood cells swirling about. Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, violently bubbling. Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in tim blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine bursts apart the glass lens of the scope.  Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.
64) 12) dialog: Before you go, I'd like to take a  sample of your blood. Blade grudgingly rolls up his sleeve. As Karen takes her Blade looks to Whistler. The older man brings a handkerch lips, coughing into it. 
64) 13) dialog: Is he sick?
64) 15) dialog: You care about him, don't you? 
64) 17) dialog: (pointedly)
70) 0) text: Blade enters through the loading elevator, finding Karen hard at work. She turns as he approaches -- SEES him back sun. She looks pale, the whites of her eyes are streaked
70) 2) dialog: Some. It's been slow --
70) 4) dialog: I'm just tired, that's all. We've been  up all night. Blade nods, not buying her explanation. He shoots a glanc Whistler, which doesn't go unnoticed by Karen.
70) 5) dialog: Excuse me. Karen turns, heading for the back of the workshop.
71) 0) text: Karen enters a dingy bathroom, turning on the overhead bu studies her reflection in the mirror above the sink, then she peels the dressing from her wound -- the wound is cle infected, gangrenous. 
71) 4) dialog: You make it sound like I'm already  dead. Blade just stares at her. Finally, she pulls away.
72) 0) text: CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, w sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over
74) 0) text: Whistler and Karen sit at a work table. Karen is looking smear slide through a microscope. 
74) 1) dialog: All right, let's start with the basics  -- why do vampires need to drink  blood?
74) 3) dialog: Then vampirism is a genetic defect,  just like Hemolytic anemia? Whistler nods.
74) 4) dialog: So what about gene therapy? Whistler looks intrigued. Karen continues.
74) 5) dialog: Basically you'd have to re-write the  victim's DNA, alter it so that the DNA  will produce proteins capable of  generating hemoglobin. 
74) 7) dialog: With a retrovirus. It's injected into  the bone marrow cells, it causes the  host's DNA to mutate. They've been  using them to treat Sickle-cell  anemia.  Whistler can hardly believe what he's hearing.
74) 9) dialog: On me, yes. On Blade, I'm not so  sure --  (gravely)
74) 12) dialog: What happened to the power?
75) 0) text: Whistler and Karen enter, cautious --
76) 0) text: Karen scans the shadows, eyes alert. We hear a WHISPER, t teasing, childish, GIGGLE. Whistler moves the flashlight in a slow circle, shining t every inch of the room. And just as he's about to complet circuit --
79) 0) text: Sparse decor in a Neo-Japanese vein. Minimalist lighting. are glass. Recirculating pumps send a constant stream of cascading down them. Karen is escorted into the room by Mercury. She gestures at the end of a long table. Karen sits. 
79) 3) dialog: Why haven't you killed me yet? 
79) 5) dialog: How many of you are there?
79) 7) dialog: What happens then?
79) 9) dialog: LaMagra --
79) 13) dialog: You.
79) 15) dialog: There's no need for any of this. Your  condition can be treated. Whistler and  I were working on a cure when --
79) 17) dialog: But you use blood banks --
79) 19) text: Fortunately, I've found a way around  that particular obstacle.  Frost moves to the end of the room. He pushes a button. W the wall slides open, revealing something Karen wishes sh seen -- living blood banks.
79) 22) text: Of course, this is just a pilot  program, really. Once the Tide comes,  we'll need to expand production. So  many more mouths to feed --  Karen turns away, overwhelmed by revulsion. 
79) 23) dialog: You're a monster.
86) 1) dialog: sits nearby, watching him. From the steady rocking motion SOUNDS of traffic outside, it's evident that they are in a moving truck.
86) 2) dialog: Are you all right?
86) 6) dialog: (shaking her head)
86) 8) dialog: Is it bad?
86) 10) text: We get out of this alive, maybe I'll  take that miracle cure of yours. Karen doesn't respond. Instead she looks away. How in the she supposed to tell him this?
86) 11) dialog: (quietly)
86) 14) dialog: Your condition's congenital, the  genetic mutations occurred in utero.  All the other victims contracted  vampirism after birth.  Blade stares at Karen, disbelieving. Who could imagine a horrifying irony? She's crying now. She can't help it.
86) 15) dialog: I can't cure you, Blade. I can cure  myself, but I can't cure you. (beat)
87) 0) text: Blade and Karen are dragged from the back of the truck, w revealed now to be an armored car. 
89) 0) text: Blade and Karen are pulled inside the elevator. The contr buttons have vampire glyphs, rather than numbers. Frost p bottom one. The doors close with a WHOOSH and the car des down, down, down. Frost glances over at Karen, smiling amiably.
89) 7) dialog: Blade --
91) 0) text: Karen rises, wary, taking in her shadowed surroundings. 
91) 5) dialog: Curtis?! What used to be Curtis SNARLS, knocking Karen back into t pile of bones. It pins her to the ground, kneeling above gurgling through its gutted trachea.
93) 0) text: Karen slips around a corner, guarded, searching. She SEES strung up before her, seemingly lifeless. Karen studies the chains which bind Blade, following them their source at the winch. She releases the brake on the sending the chains RATTLING down through the overhead pul suspend them.  Blade crumples to the floor, lying still. Karen is at his instant --
93) 1) dialog: (whispering, urgent)
95) 0) text: Blade tries to sit up, gripping Karen's wrist --
95) 2) dialog: I'm not leaving without you.
95) 6) dialog: I know. Take some of my blood.
95) 8) dialog: It's the only way. You know that.  We'll never get out of here alive if  you don't. Blade suppresses a shudder. Simply keeping himself from a takes every ounce of his resolve.
95) 10) dialog: Yes you will. The human side of you is  stronger. I know it is. Karen matches Blade's gaze, steeling herself. The truth i terrified.  Blade stares back at her. At this moment, he wants what K offering more than anything he's ever desired. And so he
96) 0) text: Karen turns her head to the side, baring her neck, offeri to Blade. Blade opens his mouth. His canines elongate. He head -- -- and starts to feed. Karen involuntarily stiffens as Bl puncture her skin and we --
98) 0) text: Blade moans, sinking his teeth deeper. Karen's head rolls eyes open -- glassy, unseeing -- as a wave of ecstasy ove She shudders, her breath quickening, falling into a synch rhythm with Blade's. Her fingers dig deep into his back, downward, tearing into him --  She's not Karen anymore -- she's a red blood cell, an ery spinning in a river of plasma, roaring up Blade's femoral racing towards the pumping chambers of his heart which be deafening breath of God, which blots all other sounds out existence and we're --
100) 0) text: -- Karen clawing at Blade, tears streaming down her cheek
100) 1) dialog: Don't stop -- But Blade grips her by her shoulders, shoving her back. K at Blade, wide-eyed, as if waking from a trance. She touc wounds on her neck, shaken --
100) 2) dialog: My God -- Blade rises to his full height. His strength has more tha it's been doubled by the infusion of real blood. And ther something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that before. Blade has taken one giant step closer to the dark
100) 3) dialog: (hesitant)
101) 31) dialog: Get away from him! Frost looks up -- Karen is wielding Blade's sword. She br on Frost, severing the blood-tendrils which envelope Blad blood-bubble dissolves instantly, flowing away from Blade gasps, chokes in air -- Frost backs away, horrified. His blood-tendrils don't ref Instead, the lay where they fell, solidifying into crysta powder.
101) 32) dialog: Blade! Karen flings the sword at Blade. 
103) 3) dialog: Blade? Blade turns. Karen moves to him, searching his eyes. Whic Blade's soul has won out? Human or vampire? Then she SEES the tears rimming Blade's eyes, the first h a lifetime. Human.  They embrace, holding each other that way for a long, lon we --
104) 0) text: Blade and Karen stand on the rooftop, watching as dawn sl across the silent city.
104) 1) dialog: I never imagined I'd be so happy to  see the sun rise -- (turning to him)