6) 11) dialog: leaps twenty feet straight up into the air. We've never s move so fast. She CRASHES through a glass skylight, disap the night just as -- -- a shaft of blinding UV "sunlight" cuts across the vamp rear back, skin smoking from the light's corrosive effect opens FIRE, pumping round after round of wooden fragmenta into the crowd -- vampire genocide. The strobe lights flicker as the mayhem mounts. Some of t try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickl clogged with liquefying bodies --  -- then Blade's CAR-15 jams. The remaining club-goers see opening, surge forward en masse --  Blade drops the rifle, reaches over his shoulder and -SCH unsheathes his sword with a double-handed grip. 
51) 19) text: Hola, amigo. Remember me? Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-d claws around Karen's throat. As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --
51) 27) text: Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe  you one -- Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts
60) 0) text: Frost turns away from window. Quinn, Mercury, and the oth from the Black Pearl stand before him. Quinn cradles his stump with his newly grown arm. 
63) 0) text: FADE IN on Dragonetti, his face covered with a black cond hood -- Frost stands before him, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. from head to toe in a black motorcycle suit -- boots, glo visored helmet tucked under one arm. Mercury and Quinn ar nearby, similarly attired.  We're on a stretch of rocky coastline, tucked away in a s cove. Dragonetti has been stripped bare, chained like Pro an ancient standing stone. 
69) 2) dialog: (into radio)
69) 3) text: This is Mercury. Tell Deacon I've  found their hiding place.
79) 0) text: Sparse decor in a Neo-Japanese vein. Minimalist lighting. are glass. Recirculating pumps send a constant stream of cascading down them. Karen is escorted into the room by Mercury. She gestures at the end of a long table. Karen sits. 
79) 4) dialog: Deacon likes to play with his food  before he eats it. Frost laughs. Karen tries to keep calm. The longer she ke talking, the longer she remains alive.
86) 16) text: I'm so sorry. Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining ou And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, th lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as -- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands the grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-
91) 8) dialog: It won't be long now, lover.  Quinn draws alongside her, hefting Blade's punching dagge it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure. At t Blade's too weak to even resist.
91) 10) dialog: (shaking her head)
101) 0) text: The aftermath. Smoke hangs heavy in the air, occluding th Frost had stood. As it dissipates, Mercury and the others forward, apprehensive --
101) 1) dialog: Deacon?
101) 13) dialog: Have a taste of your own medicine! As she FIRES, Blade tucks and rolls, knocking one of the her hand. The guns spins across the floor, where it's sco by --