38) 3) text: Pearl is feeding --
40) 0) text: Blade kills the engine, studying The Black Pearl.
42) 0) text: CRASH! The front door flies open as the Doorman's body sa Blade enters, Karen at his heels --  The 'Pearl' is an all-hours strip club cum casino caterin exclusively to Japanese zaibatsu clientele. Dimly lit, th with cigarette smoke, deafening MUSIC. Go boards, pachink sexy little MANGA WAIFS in schoolgirl outfits doling out STRIPPERS writhe in the circular "pit" tables surrounded grab-ass men. But that's nothing compared to -- The MAIN ATTRACTION, who's doing a bump and grind down the runway, shaking a b of a schoolboy's wet dream. Her attire? A leather S&amp;M nipple rings, 6-inch spikes, and a pair of panties to hid modesty. Blade scans the room -- just in time to see Tanaka duckin back hallway. Blade pushes towards the rear of the club. follows. 
47) 2) dialog: (into a speakerphone)
49) 0) text: As Blade listens, Pearl reaches for his trackball, attemp delete the document currently on his monitors -- but Blad forward, sinking the tip of his sword into Pearl's fleshy Pearl freezes. 
50) 5) text: You're history, Pearl. Have the good  grace to die with some dignity. (beat)
51) 0) text: CLICK, the line goes dead. Blade tosses his satchel on th it. Inside is a hand-held UV lamp hooked up to a nine-vol Pearl eyes the device, fearful -- 
51) 1) dialog: What is that?
51) 4) dialog: (relenting)
51) 7) dialog: LaMagra is The Sleeper!!!  Blade leans in close so he's eye to eye with Pearl.
51) 9) dialog: The vault -- Blade follows Pearl's eyes to an armored door, then he st handing the UV rig to Karen.
51) 11) dialog: Please, I'll give you the combination  -- you'll damage the documents --
51) 32) text: Get down! Blade kicks his feet out, sending Quinn flying backwards. free of the vamps holding him and DIVES forward, knocking the ground just as -- BOOM!!! The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, k Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet. 
60) 0) text: Frost turns away from window. Quinn, Mercury, and the oth from the Black Pearl stand before him. Quinn cradles his stump with his newly grown arm. 
67) 7) text: One other thing. Have you ever heard  of a vampire called the Sleeper? Kam shakes his head. Blade pulls out the parchment he too Pearl.