6) 18) dialog: Fuck you, Day-walker, I ain't saying  shit --
6) 20) dialog: You won't stop him, Blade. The Tide's  rising, the Sleeper's gonna -- Blade shoves the grenade in Quinn's mouth, pulls the pin. Quinn goes up like a roman candle. Blade turns, surveying ignoring the howling pyre behind him: All evidence of the vampires is gone -- with the exceptio oily-black puddles. Clothes, jewelry -- it's all been bur the acidic process of the creatures' accelerated decompos DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants. approaches, he cringes back --
9) 0) text: The dead of night, not a mouse in the house. Curtis and K garbed in a mask, stand on either side of Quinn's body, w rests on the autopsy table.
9) 12) dialog: rises from the table, flinging Curtis' twitching body asi his blood-soaked lips back, baring viper-like fangs, emit
9) 14) dialog: (crazed by thirst)
9) 15) text: -- more -- blood -- Karen backs into the corpse drawers, but Quinn is upon he second, wrapping a hand about her throat. His mouth opens disturbingly wide as if to swallow her head whole, causti dripping from his canines --  Karen tries to turn her head away, but Quinn's grip is vi finds herself staring into his eyes -- pupils pulsing rap opening and closing, hypnotic -- As Quinn sinks the tips of his fangs into Karen's carotid starts to nurse -- BANG!!! A load of MAHOGANY buckshot chews into Quinn's si in pain. Another load catches him full in the face. He dr She falls to the floor -- 
9) 20) text: Quinn lands on the roof of an ambulance parked four stori caving it in. He springs off, loping across the tarmac on limbs, then -SCREECH!-THWUMP!- rolling up onto the hood o oncoming car, before disappearing into the night --
51) 18) dialog: (grins)
51) 21) dialog: You took my arm, Blade. But that's  okay, I'm growing a new one -- Quinn lifts up his "arm". A skeletal forearm has grown fr stump. It's got cartilage, sinew, and muscle, but no fles
51) 22) dialog: Nice, huh? Think I'll ever play the  piano again? (shrugging)
51) 23) text: You can slice him, you can dice him,  and the man just keeps on coming.  Blade struggles violently, but Quinn is upon him, poundin into Blade again and again and again -- giving him paybac compounded interest. When it's over, Quinn steps back, wi Blade's head hangs down. He gasps, wincing, every breath red hot poker to his gut. Quinn grabs a hold of Blade's j his head up. 
51) 24) dialog: Stay with me, sweetness, I'm not  through with you yet. Quinn pulls Blade's jacket open, sees the bandoleer of ma stakes. He tugs one out, admiring it.
51) 25) dialog: Teak. Nice craftsmanship.  (to the others)
51) 27) text: Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe  you one -- Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts
51) 28) dialog: Actually, if you want to get  technical, I owe you two. As Quinn reaches for another stake, Blade starts to laugh
51) 29) dialog: What's so funny, bright eyes?
51) 32) text: Get down! Blade kicks his feet out, sending Quinn flying backwards. free of the vamps holding him and DIVES forward, knocking the ground just as -- BOOM!!! The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, k Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet. 
56) 1) dialog: springs forward, snagging Blade's ankle with his "good" h vampire's weight threatens to haul Blade down. Blade reac back-scabbard, unsheathes his sword -- THUNK! Blade brings the sword down on Quinn's good arm, c off at the wrist! Quinn falls to the tracks, tumbling hea back into the darkness --
60) 0) text: Frost turns away from window. Quinn, Mercury, and the oth from the Black Pearl stand before him. Quinn cradles his stump with his newly grown arm. 
60) 1) dialog: He took my fucking hand! Again!
60) 3) dialog: We need to find him, tonight. Frost claps a hand on Quinn's shoulder.
63) 0) text: FADE IN on Dragonetti, his face covered with a black cond hood -- Frost stands before him, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. from head to toe in a black motorcycle suit -- boots, glo visored helmet tucked under one arm. Mercury and Quinn ar nearby, similarly attired.  We're on a stretch of rocky coastline, tucked away in a s cove. Dragonetti has been stripped bare, chained like Pro an ancient standing stone. 
86) 16) text: I'm so sorry. Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining ou And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, th lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as -- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands the grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-
91) 9) dialog: We should finish him off.
91) 11) text: No. Deacon wants him turned. Quinn releases Blade, disgusted. 
91) 12) dialog: Fucking waste, if you ask me. As Mercury and Quinn exit, the CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the c beneath Blade's feet. We follow the blood which has colle as it flows into a crude drain and --
101) 8) text: Take him. Quinn GROWLS, stepping forward, armed with Blade's punchi He offers his second "new hand" up for view. 
101) 9) dialog: Grew another hand for you sweetmeat -- (tossing the dagger to his new hand)
101) 10) text: -- and now I'm gonna kill you with it. Quinn charges. Blade meets the vampire head-on, dropping kick and sweeping the vampire's legs out from under him. behind Quinn -- 