6) 10) text: as a round roars through the air towards Raquel. A silver dum bullet which explodes on contact. WHAM! The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel' continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fou creatures tumble forward, their bodies liquefying into pu black oil which go gurgling down the run-off drains. Blade continues FIRING, then -CLICK!- magazines empty. Ne holsters the Casulls, swings up his assault rifle, calmly the UV entry light mounted above --
17) 14) text: "Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm  going to inject you with an antidote  made from allium setivum -- garlic.  This is going to hurt. A lot.  Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen expe next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps b through your veins. Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the p vampire venom. Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperate for assurance. 
18) 0) text: CLOSE ON a monitor featuring footage taken at the vampire massacre. Blade turns and stares into the camera, fires h bow. The screen cuts to static.
27) 0) text: Silence, the uncomfortableness of an elevator ride magnif Karen can FEEL the eyes of her fellow passengers upon her succumbing to paranoia, she hazards a glance -- would she tell if these people weren't human? The woman turns to Ka smiles -- Karen surreptitiously fishes the "vampire mace" from her clutching it -- and now one of the men turns to look at h nodding --
40) 2) text: See the valets over there? They're  vampires. So is the doorman.
51) 19) text: Hola, amigo. Remember me? Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-d claws around Karen's throat. As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --
55) 0) text: As the group splashes through the water, a FIREBALL chase the tunnel. They duck into an alcove, narrowly avoiding t Whistler WHOOPS with excitement, loving every minute of i triumph is short-lived, for now we hear -- -- a deafening chorus of HIGH-PITCHED VAMPIRE WAR CRIES c behind. Karen hazards a look back --
56) 0) text: Blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel, into a station stop up ahead. We can see the RED TAIL-LIG train just pulling away from the platform -- Blade and Ka double their efforts, lungs burning, legs pumping like ma the train enters the next tunnel -- -- they leap, dragging themselves up onto the back of the passenger car. Blade SMASHES his fist through the emergen window, then lifts Karen up, helping her climb through in car --  -- but the vampires are still coming! Crawling along the on all fours, limbs a blur, claws striking the concrete a out sparks. Closing fast. Too fast. 
63) 6) text: The other elders will never let you  get away with this! Just then, the TWELVE VAMPIRE ELDERS emerge behind Frost, circle around Dragonetti. All wear business suits, gloves high-tech "sun masks" to protect their faces from the lig rays.  They stare at Dragonetti like a silent jury. His face dar rising -- but there's a desperation in his eyes now too. the secret tongue:
63) 8) text: Don't you see, you fools?! He'll  betray you too! He's planning on  invoking LaMagra himself! The vampires just smile and shake their heads.
64) 10) text: Vampire blood cells swirling about. Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, violently bubbling. Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in tim blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine bursts apart the glass lens of the scope.  Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.
67) 7) text: One other thing. Have you ever heard  of a vampire called the Sleeper? Kam shakes his head. Blade pulls out the parchment he too Pearl.
74) 10) text: The problem is, Blade didn't contract  the vampire virus from a bite like I  did. He was born with it. The irony  is, I could probably cure every  vampire but him.
77) 21) text: Yes. The vampire apocalypse. It is  said that all who feel its taint will  succumb to the Thirst. 
81) 0) text: An ALARM is ringing. Sunlight streams in through the brok TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swa are burning up before our eyes. Blade climbs to his feet
82) 0) text: The vampire tumbles earthward, SCREAMING as the sun's ray body, falling like a human comet.
84) 0) text: To Blade's right is the inner chamber with the "waterfall ANOTHER VAMPIRE approaches, Blade readies his sword --
84) 1) dialog: You think I'm afraid of that toothpick  of yours?
88) 0) text: Frost leads his vampires into a high-ceilinged atrium, mo a bank of elevators -- one of the doors of which is outfi high-tech hand-key ID system. Frost places his palm on the ID screen. The screen GLOWS acknowledging his identity. In response, the doors HISS o
89) 0) text: Blade and Karen are pulled inside the elevator. The contr buttons have vampire glyphs, rather than numbers. Frost p bottom one. The doors close with a WHOOSH and the car des down, down, down. Frost glances over at Karen, smiling amiably.
94) 0) text: Vanessa hands Frost the chalice containing Blade's blood. up for all to see. The vampires begin to chant en masse, forgotten invocation in the vampire tongue.
101) 10) text: -- and now I'm gonna kill you with it. Quinn charges. Blade meets the vampire head-on, dropping kick and sweeping the vampire's legs out from under him. behind Quinn -- 
101) 42) text: It's because I'm human that I can do  this. Frost's eyes widen in shock, but he has no time to react, Blade is already LUNGING forward, driving the sword-point Vanessa's chest, on into Frost's heart! It strikes the st them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD. Blade is thrown back off his feet, having to shield his e backlash of occult energy as a near tidal WAVE of blood s him -- 