0) 0) text: It's 1967, the Summer of Love and -- BOOM! Entry doors swing open as PARAMEDICS wheel in a FEM VANESSA (20s, black, nine months pregnant). She's deathly spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutain artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff arou arm --
85) 2) dialog: Jason.  Blade gasps, uncomprehending.
85) 4) dialog: I've missed you so much, Jason.  (drawing closer)
85) 8) dialog: (a hellish smile)
85) 12) text: You love me, don't you, Vanessa? 
85) 13) dialog: Yes. Frost kisses Vanessa hungrily. Then he kneels and reaches Blade's jacket, retrieving a vial of Blade's serum.
85) 16) dialog: Listen to your father, Jason. It's  going to be a better world. Blade stares at Vanessa uncomprehending. 
86) 16) text: I'm so sorry. Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining ou And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, th lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as -- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands the grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-
90) 12) dialog: There's no use fighting us, Jason.  Blade looks up, focusing now on --
90) 15) dialog: These are my people now. I'm one of  them.
90) 17) dialog: You don't understand. I've killed,  I've hunted, and I've enjoyed it.  She draws closer, caressing her son's face. There's just creepy eroticism in her action, a dash of incest. 
90) 18) dialog: I wish you could see the world as I  do. Deacon opened my eyes. There's no  turning back from that.
90) 20) dialog: You will. Time is on our side. Sooner  or later, the Thirst always wins. Vanessa turns away now. Blade cries after her --
90) 22) dialog: Your mother died the night you were born.  And with that, she's gone, melting into the shadows. 
94) 0) text: Vanessa hands Frost the chalice containing Blade's blood. up for all to see. The vampires begin to chant en masse, forgotten invocation in the vampire tongue.
101) 19) dialog: rushes at Karen in a near-blur. The SNARLING hellion is u an eye-blink, SLAMMING her down against the temple floor, her. 
101) 20) dialog: Did you think I'd forgotten you, you  little whore?
101) 38) text: Just as I thought. Still chained to  your mother's breast after all these  years. In the same instant, Vanessa's features morph, taking on youthful vibrancy she possessed in the locket photo.
101) 42) text: It's because I'm human that I can do  this. Frost's eyes widen in shock, but he has no time to react, Blade is already LUNGING forward, driving the sword-point Vanessa's chest, on into Frost's heart! It strikes the st them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD. Blade is thrown back off his feet, having to shield his e backlash of occult energy as a near tidal WAVE of blood s him -- 