17) 2) dialog: Are we bringing home strays now? ABRAHAM WHISTLER (60s) hobbles out of the shadows, leaning heavily on a cane. Gi bitter, his right leg encased in a metal brace. Though hi lined with wrinkles and his hair has long since gone gray he could kick the living shit out of any man half his age
17) 4) dialog: You should've killed her, then.
17) 6) text: You can help her. Blade and Whistler stare each other down. Finally, Whistl heads over to the operating theater.
17) 7) dialog: No promises. You watch her close. She  starts to turn, you finish her off. Blade nods, lays Karen down on the operating table. Whist an overhead light. Karen is sheathed in sweat, ashen. She lot of blood. Whistler snaps on a pair of surgical gloves, probes the w Karen's neck with an antiseptic swab -- there's capillary around the perimeter of the wound, the tissue looks bruis gangrenous. 
17) 8) dialog: Localized necrosis. She's borderline.  Another hour and she'd be well into  the change. Whistler cracks open a smelling salt capsule and waves un nose. As she starts to stir --
17) 9) dialog: Can you hear me, woman?  Karen's eyes open wide. She's scared, disoriented --
17) 11) dialog: You've been bitten by a vampire. We've  got to try and burn out the venom,  just like a rattlesnake bite -- Whistler reaches for a massive syringe filled with causti fluid. Karen sees the syringe, resists --
17) 12) dialog: Hold her.  Blade forces Karen back. Whistler readies the syringe.
17) 13) dialog: (reading her name tag)
17) 14) text: "Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm  going to inject you with an antidote  made from allium setivum -- garlic.  This is going to hurt. A lot.  Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen expe next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps b through your veins. Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the p vampire venom. Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperate for assurance. 
20) 2) dialog: I had to increase the dose. You're  building up a resistance to the  serum --
20) 4) text: Just do it, old man. Whistler nods, fitting Blade with a bite guard. Then he p pistol-injector against Blade's carotid artery.  Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bi veins cording in his neck. He clutches Whistler's hand, h tightly as he fights his way through the hellish seizure. credit, Whistler never lets go. Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious its violent course. We understand that these shared momen private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two hunters together. Finally, Blade slumps forward in his re exhausted. 
21) 5) dialog: Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor? Whistler has entered the room from a second doorway. Kare Whistler to Blade, trapped between them --
21) 7) dialog: My name is Abraham Whistler. (re: Blade)
21) 8) text: This is Blade. As for our little  homunculus here -- Whistler limps over to the tank, rapping his cane against creature snaps at it reflexively, following the silver ti forth like a fish after a lure.
21) 11) dialog: Not at all. You're looking at a prime  specimen of the homines nocturna.  Whistler toys with the feral creature, engaging in a cert of sadistic delight as its efforts grow increasingly more Suddenly, it surges towards the top of the tank, clawing lid -- Karen becomes alarmed -- but then a massive ELECTRICAL JO the creature back into submission. 
21) 12) dialog: If Blade hadn't brought you here, you  would've wound up like him. Karen brings a hand to her bandaged neck, recalling the e previous night. She looks to Blade.
21) 15) dialog: (appraising her)
22) 4) dialog: (nodding)
22) 5) text: Some of the old wives' tales are true  -- they're severely allergic to  silver, various types of wood. Feed  them garlic and they'll go into  anaphylactic shock --  Whistler picks up a customized rifle with a UV entry ligh on the beam.
22) 6) dialog: -- and of course there's always  sunlight, ultra-violet rays.  Karen shakes her head, incredulous -- 
22) 11) dialog: There's a war going on out there.  Blade, myself, a few others -- we've  tried to keep it from spilling over  onto the streets.  (beat)
22) 12) text: Sometimes people like yourself get  caught in the cross-fire.  Whistler shrugs. As far as he's concerned, there's nothin say. Karen is still protesting, though. 
22) 16) dialog: You're talking about a brotherhood  that predates the Catholic Church by  thousands of years. Their survival  depends on their ability to blend in.  Chances are, you've encountered them  and not even known it. On the subway,  in a bar -- Blade slings his CAR-15 onto his shoulder, impatient. He towards the Olds, gesturing.
22) 18) dialog: Wait. Whistler tosses a small metal canister to Karen.
22) 19) dialog: Consider it a parting gift. Vampire  mace -- silver nitrate, essence of  garlic. 
22) 22) dialog: There is one other thing. I'd buy  yourself a gun if I were you. If you  start becoming sensitive to the  daylight, if you start becoming  thirsty regardless of much you've had  to drink -- then I suggest you take  that gun and use it on yourself.  Better that, than the alternative. Karen stares at Whistler, horrified, as we --
51) 33) dialog: stands in the smoking hole where the wall used to be, bra cane in one hand and an automatic rifle in the other. He rifle against his hip like an over-the-hill gunslinger an on the vampires. Blade rolls, snatching up a fragment of the parchment whi free from the vault. Seconds later, he and Karen are flee Whistler, retreating back through his newly created exit.
52) 0) text: The three of them find themselves ankle-deep in a flooded tunnel running parallel to the archives. Whistler pauses, from overexertion. 
52) 1) dialog: Christ, I'm too old for this. Somebody  get me a goddamn wheelchair. Blade leans against the tunnel wall, GRUNTING as he yanks from his shoulder. He then pulls out a light-stick, snapp illuminating the area in a GREEN GLOW -- disturbing waves
52) 4) dialog: We keep in radio contact. 
52) 7) dialog: You think I'd let him run loose  without a chaperone? Blade ferrets  their rat-holes out, I map them. Then  we blow them all to kingdom come. Whistler finishes arming the explosive device. It BEEPS. back to Blade and Karen, referring to a handheld navigati
52) 8) dialog: There's a subway line due East of  here. We'd best make tracks. 
55) 0) text: As the group splashes through the water, a FIREBALL chase the tunnel. They duck into an alcove, narrowly avoiding t Whistler WHOOPS with excitement, loving every minute of i triumph is short-lived, for now we hear -- -- a deafening chorus of HIGH-PITCHED VAMPIRE WAR CRIES c behind. Karen hazards a look back --
55) 3) dialog: Go on, I'll be fine! Karen hesitates, but Blade yanks her down the tunnel --
58) 1) dialog: is waiting for them, sitting at a workbench. 
58) 2) dialog: What took you so long?
58) 5) dialog: We weren't sure we could trust you. Whistler sighs, removing his glasses.
58) 6) dialog: Blade's mother was attacked by a  vampire while she was pregnant.  Ultimately, she died, but her unborn  child lived. Unfortunately, he'd  undergone certain genetic changes  while in the womb -- Whistler reaches for a pack of cigarettes, pulls one out. match, fires up. Takes a long drag --
58) 7) dialog: I found Blade when he was thirteen.  He'd been living on the streets,  feeding off the homeless. Apparently  the Thirst manifested itself at  puberty --  (beat)
61) 0) text: Whistler studies Karen, exhaling another lungful of smoke
61) 1) dialog: Blade's unique, you know. A one in a  billion anomaly. He can withstand  sunlight, garlic, even silver. But he  still has the Thirst. 
61) 3) dialog: The Thirst overcomes him, just like  the others. It's not something he can  control.  (sighs)
61) 6) dialog: (pointedly)
61) 7) text: Which is why you're here. We could use  someone with your experience. A beat passes between them and Karen knows where she stan for a penny, in for a pound. Whistler reaches for Blade's
61) 8) dialog: This used to be mine, you know. It's  been passed down through the  centuries, from one hunter to the  next -- Whistler extends the sword, sighting down the length of i a few practice parries -- it's obvious he used to be quit the art of swordsmanship.
61) 10) dialog: Habit, mostly, just like this.  Whistler gestures with his cigarette. He finally stubs it wistful reverie vanishing like so much smoke.
61) 11) dialog: I had a family once -- a wife, three  daughters. Then a drifter named Deacon  Frost came calling one evening --
61) 13) dialog: Eventually. He toyed with them first.  He made me choose, do you understand?  Which order they would die in -- Karen stares at Whistler, horrified.
61) 15) dialog: I didn't. He was cruel enough to let  me live. (slapping his brace)
61) 18) dialog: (pointedly)
61) 20) dialog: I wouldn't go in there if I were you.  It's best to leave him alone when he's  like this.
64) 0) text: Karen stands at a lab table with Whistler, preparing a nu blood sample vials. They are surrounded by host of new me equipment -- from centrifuges to genetic sequencers and b Blade emerges from his room, looks to Karen. As if by sil agreement, last night's words go unacknowledged. He strap bandoleer of stakes, secures his scabbard.
64) 1) dialog: Going somewhere?
64) 7) dialog: She's been making real progress,  Blade. (to Karen)
64) 10) text: Vampire blood cells swirling about. Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, violently bubbling. Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in tim blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine bursts apart the glass lens of the scope.  Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.
64) 11) dialog: Can you imagine what a dash of that  would do on your sword?  Whistler claps his hand on Karen's shoulder in approval, away, quickly busying himself with another project. Blade follow, but Karen stops him --
74) 0) text: Whistler and Karen sit at a work table. Karen is looking smear slide through a microscope. 
74) 2) dialog: Their own blood can't sustain  hemoglobin. 
74) 6) dialog: How?
74) 8) dialog: You're serious? You actually think  this could work? Karen pauses -- we can see in her expression that there's she's been holding back.
74) 11) dialog: Then we're back to square one, aren't  we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always  wins. At that moment, the lights in the workshop flicker, then Karen looks around the room, alarmed. 
74) 13) dialog: (concerned)
74) 14) text: I don't know, but the back-up  generator should've kicked in. A few seconds pass. The back-up generator still hasn't ac Whistler moves to the window --
74) 15) dialog: UV floodlights are down too. As Whistler reaches for a flashlight we hear the sound of SHATTERING coming from the other end of the workshop. Whi the flashlight in that direction. We hear more sounds now draining, glass tinkling. Whistler raises a finger to his lips, signaling silence. towards the black-out curtains, Karen falling in behind h
75) 0) text: Whistler and Karen enter, cautious --
76) 0) text: Karen scans the shadows, eyes alert. We hear a WHISPER, t teasing, childish, GIGGLE. Whistler moves the flashlight in a slow circle, shining t every inch of the room. And just as he's about to complet circuit --
76) 2) dialog: Get it!!! Karen snatches up the flashlight, chasing after it as Whi struggles to his feet -- Karen sweeps the flashlight around, catching only fleetin of the child as it darts through the workshop. She reache unit where Whistler's weapons are stored, grabs one of th pistols -- Karen tries to draw a bead on the creature. She FIRES, mi again -- she's getting more unnerved as the seconds tick creature is moving closer and -- -- suddenly it's right in front of her, flying through th bared!  The child knocks Karen back against the wall. It's at her sinking its claws into her neck. Karen chokes, forcing Wh pistol under the monstrosity's chin -- -- but then the creature morphs again, transforming into little cherubim of a child -- and Karen hesitates, becaus seems so goddamned human now and its eyes are luminous, p hypnotic and -- -- suddenly Whistler reaches in from behind, YANKING the child's head back, FIRING a pistol into its skull. The cr slumps -- Karen cries out, disgusted, flinging the corpse away from continues to writhe -- THUNK! Whistler swings his cane-rapier down on the creatu decapitating it. Finishing the job. Then he looks to Kare
76) 3) dialog: Understand this -- they are monsters.  Hesitate for even a moment, and you've  lost.
78) 2) dialog: -- and then he stops dead in his tracks.
78) 3) dialog: has been strung up by his arms against the far wall, tort left for dead. In response to Blade's voice, a MOAN escap man's lips. Blade rushes to the wall, cutting Whistler down with his gently lowering him to the floor. As he cradles the old m arms, Blade sees the primary wound -- two ragged puncture Whistler's throat.
78) 5) dialog: Frost took her -- Whistler spasms and coughs, wincing from the pain.
78) 7) dialog: Listen. You have to -- finish me off.  You don't want me coming back.
78) 9) dialog: Too far gone, you know that. Blade's at a complete loss.
78) 11) dialog: Yes you can. Now get on with it.  As much as he'd like to deny it, Blade knows that Whistle He pulls a stake from his bandoleer, hesitates.
78) 13) dialog: (cutting him off, more gentle now)
78) 15) text: Just be quick about it, will you? Do  it right. Blade fights back tears. With a wretched moan, he turns h drives the stake into Whistler's chest. Whistler GASPS. B his arms around the older man, holding him tight as the l of him, rocking back and forth -- After a while, the rocking stops and Blade lays Whistler floor. Then something catches his eye --