1) 0) text: In the truck, two teenagers (CLAYTON and JEFF) roar down a back road. Jeff, wearing an EVIL DEAD tee shirt, is driving. As they approach a row of
1) 2) dialog: Thought I told you to ditch all this monster movie stuff.
1) 4) dialog: Sheesus, Jeff... As they pass the mailboxes Clayton leans out the window and swings, smashing the boxes and sending plumes of letters into the air. CLAYTON (CONT’D) Mail’s in! (back to Jeff) ..+.-when are you going to grow up? I’m trying to get you laid, but how’s that going to happen when first thing the chick sees is... (grabs DVD) (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
1) 7) dialog: .»+.some piece of shit starring “Bruce Campbell”...
3) 0) text: As Clayton lurches forward then back, Jeff glares him.
3) 2) dialog: What?
3) 4) dialog: You're kidding, right? (going through boxes) “Mindtrap?” “Alien Apocalypse?” “Cavealien?”
3) 6) dialog: “Bruce Campbell IS Lt. Jack Stryker, a rogue clone-warrior and mankind’s last hope against the deadly Cavealiens.”
3) 8) dialog: Dude, forget thumbs, Ebert wouldn’t wipe his crack with this trash! Jeff grabs the DVD away from him, angry. (CONTINUED)
3) 12) dialog: Whoa, slow down...
3) 14) dialog: I loved Army Of Darkness!
3) 16) dialog: (a *whew* ) Now, could we please go get laid? Jeff begrudgingly puts the truck into gear, headlights stabbing the shadows as they careen down the dusty road.
4) 7) dialog: Big Debbie and Little Debbie. From the Apple Festival.
4) 9) dialog: They blew you off, “Evil Dead.” (nods at Goth girl) When I told the Mascara Queen about this old boneyard she practically dry-humped me on the spot.
4) 11) dialog: Don’t worry, hard-on. Morticia’s all yours. (eyes on Big Debbie) I’m going human fly on that skyscraper. As they follow the girls into the graveyard, Goth “Little Debbie” hesitates, looking across the stones. (CONTINUED)
4) 23) dialog: Smoooooth, “Brucie.” Clayton takes off across the old graveyard with the Debbies, laughing as they vandalize more Chinese graves. Jeff just stands there, struggling to maintain his Campbell-esque cool.
4) 25) dialog: (distant) “Here lies Hung Far Low, he dug too deep, no Low no-mo...” As LAUGHTER rings across the old graveyard, Jeff kneels and grabs at the shiny object, pulling. It’s jammed in tight, some sort of SHINY AMULET. While Clayton and the girls continue to yell in the darkness, Jeff pulls harder, really putting himself into it, finally YANKING the amulet free. As Jeff rolls back on his ass, CAMERA pushes through the small hole into the avalanche of rocks...
6) 5) dialog: Son of a...
6) 9) dialog: Wha... Suddenly a SWORD SWOOSHES across frame. BLOOD SPRAYS. Stunned, Big Debbie looks down at the hand still clutching her boob, and realizes it’s been (CONTINUED)
7) 0) text: Scared, Jeff jumps into the truck, fumbling for the keys. He fires it up, engine roaring, reaching for the gearshift when CLAYTON staggers to the window, smearing the glass with blood gushing from his severed arm, clearly in shock.
7) 1) dialog: Don’t leave me, man!
51) 0) text: Kelly suddenly veers off the main road, taking the same dirt road we saw Jeff and Clayton take earlier. As Bruce SLAMS against the side of the truck from the turn...