1) 0) text: In the truck, two teenagers (CLAYTON and JEFF) roar down a back road. Jeff, wearing an EVIL DEAD tee shirt, is driving. As they approach a row of
1) 3) dialog: What’s wrong with it?
1) 8) dialog: What did you say...?
2) 0) text: Jeff suddenly SLAMS ON THE BRAKES and the truck fishtails to a stop, dust washing up over the cab.
3) 0) text: As Clayton lurches forward then back, Jeff glares him.
3) 1) dialog: Take it back.
3) 3) dialog: Bruce Campbell is the greatest actor of his generation!
3) 5) dialog: (defensive) Shut up! That’s a good one! Clayton flips the box, dramatically reading the blurb.
3) 7) dialog: Yeah? So?
3) 11) dialog: Get out of the truck.
3) 13) dialog: You don’t like Bruce, you walk.
3) 15) dialog: Everybody loved that one! (anger abating) But... all right.
4) 4) text: Jeff JUMPS UP with a SCREAM and turns his light, revealing LITTLE DEBBIE. A creepy teenage Goth chick with multiple piercings and heavy mascara.
4) 6) dialog: Who are they?
4) 8) dialog: I thought they blew us off.
4) 10) dialog: She’s kind of cute. Clayton notices Jeff's anxious/horny look.
4) 15) dialog: As long as it’s not my heart. Jeff makes his move on Goth Little Debbie. He’s doing a faux Bruce Campbell riff, but Little Debbie, stomping apart ancient grave markers, couldn’t care less.
4) 16) dialog: What do you say? Gimme some sugar, baby.
4) 18) dialog: Come on. We can dance the “hard to get” all night, but if this game’s called eye-tag... Jeff takes Little Debbie in his arms, staring with smoldering Campbell-esque intensity into her eyes.
4) 19) dialog: .-»-your lips say I’m “it.” Little Debbie stares at him, almost like she’s succumbing, then she suddenly SPITS her gum in his face. As it bounces off his nose, Jeff releases Little Debbie and she runs across the graveyard.
4) 20) dialog: Mmm. Juicy Fruit. As the girls move off, laughing and throwing “you freak” looks at Jeff, Clayton leans close to Jeff. (CONTINUED)
4) 24) dialog: Your loss, baby. Your loss... Grumpy, Jeff picks up his flashlight and continues across the graveyard, stumbling toward an OLD MINE SHAFT. Broken timbers surround a landslide of boulders that have completely blocked the entrance. As his flashlight washes across the rocks, something GLISTENS. Jeff turns, like he wants to tell the others he’s found something, but in the GRAVEYARD all he can see are flickers of flashlights, dancing across the darkness, and distant, mocking VOICES.
6) 0) text: Jeff backs away from the rock wall, studying the amulet with his flashlight as he moves back into the graveyard. Closer examination shows some faded CHINESE ETCHINGS in the metal, and a glowering demonic face.
6) 1) dialog: Groovy. Suddenly, Jeff hears the faint rumble of falling rock just behind him. Surprised, Jeff turns and shines his light on the face of the MINE SHAFT. A few pebbles and a puff of dust roll down. Doesn’t look like much, and after watching for a second, Jeff shrugs and looks back toward the graveyard.
6) 2) dialog: Hey -- ! OUT OF FOCUS, behind Jeff, more rocks move as something seems to be clawing free from the rubble. Jeff turns, his eyes going wide as the rocks rumble free and there’s an awful, unearthly ROAR.
6) 3) dialog: 
6) 6) dialog: 
6) 12) dialog: 
7) 0) text: Scared, Jeff jumps into the truck, fumbling for the keys. He fires it up, engine roaring, reaching for the gearshift when CLAYTON staggers to the window, smearing the glass with blood gushing from his severed arm, clearly in shock.
7) 2) dialog: 
16) 3) dialog: Mr. Campbell? Are you okay? (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Jeff is behind the wheel, driving down a dark highway.
17) 1) dialog: Uhh, that would be me. Sorry!
17) 3) dialog: Really? They hit another bump, slamming Bruce up against the trunk lid.
17) 6) dialog: I can’t. Not until we get to town. (helpful) I put some Twinkies and a couple magazines in the side pocket. And there’s a flashlight next to the spare. Disgruntled but not really knowing what else to do, Bruce finds the flashlight and switches it on. Near his head he finds a couple issues of FANGORIA and RUE MORGUE. As Bruce stares at the mags in disbelief...
17) 8) dialog: I know you’re probably sore and tired and suffering from a concussion, but... is it true you’re doing a sequel to Cavealien? (CONTINUED)
17) 12) dialog: That’s probably my favorite movie of all time!
18) 0) text: As Jeff's car speeds down the road, reveal a sign: “ROUGH ROAD NEXT 75 MILES.” As the car bumps along...
23) 0) text: PULL BACK to reveal Jeff's car surrounded by two dozen Sawville townfolk, all rural types, who let out a semi- rousing CHEER as Bruce staggers out of the trunk.
23) 5) dialog: Easy, man. That’s the Mayor!
25) 2) dialog: But your agent said you were “between jobs.” Bruce shakes his head in disbelief. (CONTINUED)
25) 6) dialog: He was very helpful.
25) 9) dialog: Just something about not booking you on your birthday...
26) 0) text: The Mayor, Jeff and the other Townfolk gather in the town’s small “town hall”, outfitted with benches and a slide projector in the middle of the chairs. As Bruce enters, he makes a point of looking for KELLY. She’s sitting between two FARMERS, but Bruce doesn’t care. He pushes down the crowded row...
28) 13) dialog: (puzzled) Well, yeah.
28) 15) dialog: No... I mean... (distraught) My friend Clayton was killed by this thing. I had to do something. Bruce nods knowingly, thinking Jeff’s still trying to stay in character.
28) 17) dialog: Town’s throwing a party for you tonight. Sort of a send off before you head into battle. (tentative smile) Something I’d like to show you first. Jeff pulls off the road and turns up a driveway, driving past a house toward a TRAILER parked on a hill. As they approach, Bruce’s jaw drops open. The trailer is dead ringer for his Victorville digs. (CONTINUED)
28) 22) dialog: Guess I am kind of a fan. Stunned, Bruce looks around the collection. There’s a demon mask from the first EVIL DEAD. A bottle of bug goo from ALIEN APOCALYPSE. A shoulder patch from the CAVEALIEN movie.
28) 25) dialog: That’s... personal. Oblivious, Bruce keeps looking, surprised to find a photo of him with his ex-wife Deborah tucked in with the other memorabilia. Touched by the old photo, which had been taken in happier times, Bruce takes it off the shelf.
28) 29) dialog: Www. photos-of-bruce-campbell-with- his-ex-wife-deborah dot com. (watching Bruce) You... miss her, don’t you? Bruce stares at the photo.
28) 31) dialog: Like the dog-sitters? Bruce does a double-take.
28) 33) dialog: It was in Fangoria! (as Bruce recovers) Look, I know this was a huge imposition, Mr. Campbell, so whatever you need, just let me know. Bruce can’t help it. He’s starting to like this kid.
28) 36) dialog: (thinking) Hmm. Closest motel is the Pink Lumberjack... Bruce tightens at that.
28) 40) dialog: Then there’s the Manflower on Route 99, Ryan’s Rear-Entry on Old Prescott Road, and...
28) 42) dialog: Really? Wow! Great! I brought some fresh clothes from your trailer.
28) 45) dialog: Yeah. Want to watch one? Bruce reluctantly tosses his jacket across the couch.
30) 5) dialog: That’s drain cleaner! Bruce stops drying his head, looking down as a big CLUMP of hair falls from the towel.
30) 8) dialog: It’s just... you’re going up against the Guan-Di tonight and you're not even scared. Bruce looks at Jeff, assuming this is part of his birthday present.
30) 12) dialog: Really?
30) 14) dialog: Wow. As Jeff reacts with awe, Bruce slaps his belly, “I’m hungry!” style.
31) 0) text: Jeff pulls up to the curb in his pick-up and Bruce slides out, finishing his peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Jeff nods down the street toward a bar and grill festooned with plastic flags and decorations.
31) 1) dialog: I promised to pick a few things up for the party. Sure you’ll be all right on your own? Bruce glances down the street of the one-horse town.
37) 6) dialog: I had it made special, just for you. A Briggs and Stratton two- barrel with a half-inch claw. Bruce picks up the saw, hefting it, checking it out. It’s been customized with a Bruce Campbell signature on the gleaming blade.
37) 21) dialog: Are you ready for this?
40) 28) dialog: Bruce! Do something! As Bruce gapes in disbelief, the Guan-Di emerges from the shadows, rising to it’s full eight foot height. Sword dripping blood, it’s eyes blazing red. Suddenly (and improbably) there’s a flash of lightning, and Bruce gets his first full-on look at the terrifying demon.
40) 41) dialog: Bruce! Where are you going? Bruce tosses his shotgun into the brush and starts to run full tilt.
45) 15) dialog: Mom! Where's Bruce? More townfolk emerge from their cars, some still bleeding and seriously pissed off after Bruce’s shoot ‘em up. (CONTINUED)
46) 0) text: Jeff’s on the phone, talking to Bruce from his trailer.
46) 1) dialog: Bruce. It’s Jeff.
46) 3) dialog: No. I... I just wanted to thank you. Bruce looks at the phone like Jeff's speaking Swahili.
46) 5) dialog: For teaching me the meaning of “courage.”
46) 7) dialog: That’s just it. I was trying to dodge my responsibilities by dumping them on you. You showed me that I have to face this thing on my own. (CONTINUED)
46) 11) dialog: Truth is, I’m the one who unleashed the Guan-Di. So it’s up to me to kill it. The reality of Jeff's plan hits Bruce’s addled brain.
46) 13) dialog: All I needed was a push. Thank you, Mr. Campbell... As the line goes dead...
48) 0) text: The gates loom in the darkness as headlights wash across the gate. After a moment, Jeff steps from his car, grabbing a rifle and a flashlight. As he closes the car door, a breeze kicks up a flutter of leaves that wash across the old tombstones.
48) 1) dialog: Okay. This was a bad idea. As Jeff stares at the moldering graves...
50) 0) text: Jeff hears the rocks moving and gets the creeps.
50) 1) dialog: Scratch “maybe.” As Jeff nervously holds his position, rifle in hand, waiting for the Guan-Di to emerge... Verheiden "My Name Is Bruce" 4/2/06 89. INT. KELLY’S PICK-UP/EXT. ROAD - NIGHT Kelly hunched over the wheel, steaming mad. Bruce is sitting beside her, reeling from her verbal assault. As they tear down the road, the last vestiges of sunlight disappearing behind the trees...
51) 0) text: Kelly suddenly veers off the main road, taking the same dirt road we saw Jeff and Clayton take earlier. As Bruce SLAMS against the side of the truck from the turn...
52) 0) text: Bruce and Kelly pull up to the old cemetary, a waft of dust rolling over them as they park next to Jeff’s car. Kelly jumps out and looks in Jeff's vehicle, scared when she realizes he’s gone.
52) 6) dialog: As Kelly continues calling, Bruce reaches into Kelly’s truck and grabs a rifle off the gun rack.
52) 10) dialog: (eyes fixed) Hi, Bruce. With trepidation, Bruce follows Jeff's stare across the graveyard, to... THE FEARSOME GUAN-DI, looming in the shadows, sword gleaming in the moonlit darkness. As Kelly reaches Jeff, pulling him close in a hug, she also sees the demonic creature. Oh no... Rifle in hand, Bruce steps in front of Kelly and Jeff.
53) 0) text: Kelly and Jeff are racing through the moonlit woods, around trees and dense foliage, desperate to get away.
53) 2) dialog: (over shoulder) But, but what about... SUDDENLY THE POSSESSED BRUCE springs up in front of them. Kelly SCREAMS as Jeff SLAMS right into him. Bruce’s hand SNAPS OUT and grab Jeff around the throat, choking him. His other hand reaches for Jeff's pocket, and the Asian amulet (which has been there since Jeff put it there, back in his trailer).
55) 0) text: Kelly runs back into the woods. Jeff is faltering, gasping as possessed Bruce continues to choke him. Suddenly, KELLY rushes up to the demonic Bruce and STUFFS a handful of bean-curd into his mouth!
55) 7) dialog: Son of a bitch, you tried to kill me!
57) 0) text: Bruce and Kelly bring the wire back to Jeff, waiting with the dynamite plunger.
57) 4) dialog: Jesus. He’s coming back. As they finish their preparations, Bruce looks Kelly and Jeff in the eye.
57) 14) dialog: What are we going to do? Bruce collects himself, shaking his head. Can’t believe he’s about to do this...
57) 19) dialog: Bruce, the Guan-Di’s going to be looking for you.
59) 0) text: Jeff realizes it’s time to do the deed, but he’s frozen over the plunger.
59) 2) dialog: Mom, I... I can’t! (anguished) It... it’s Bruce Campbell! (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: The cave entrance EXPLODES in a plume of fire and rock. As the explosion settles, dust and smoke billowing, an eerie quiet falls across the scene. KELLY and JEFF slowly move toward the cave entrance. It’s completely sealed by fallen rock. Horrified by what they’ve done, Jeff and Kelly drop to their knees outside the blast area. BRUCE'S SMILING FACE, torn from the shattered standee, grins at them from the dusty boulders.
60) 1) dialog: I... I can’t believe he’s gone. Suddenly there’s a RATTLE of rock by the cave entrance. Kelly and Jeff turn, fearing the worst, stunned to see BRUCE’S BLOODIED HAND clawing out of the rubble.
60) 2) dialog: 
60) 9) dialog: Anything, Bruce.
61) 3) dialog: Guys, guess what! I was just accepted to Yale! Bruce and Kelly both rush to Jeff, pulling him close. (CONTINUED)