23) 3) dialog: Welcome to Sawville, Mr. Campbell!
25) 12) dialog: Mr. Campbell, I realize this is rather... unorthodox, but Jeffrey tells us your skills extend beyond the Thespian... (dramatic beat) And the town of Sawville desperately needs your help. Bruce sees the Mayor through new eyes, assessing his performance.
25) 14) dialog: (perplexed) Thank you...? (CONTINUED)
25) 18) dialog: Well, uhh, we’ve arranged a presentation at City Hall. Rejuvenated, Bruce glances over the heads of the Townsfolk and notices cute Kelly entering an official looking building.
25) 20) dialog: As a matter of fact... Bruce smiles, definitely getting into the “ruse.”
26) 0) text: The Mayor, Jeff and the other Townfolk gather in the town’s small “town hall”, outfitted with benches and a slide projector in the middle of the chairs. As Bruce enters, he makes a point of looking for KELLY. She’s sitting between two FARMERS, but Bruce doesn’t care. He pushes down the crowded row...
26) 18) dialog: Mr. Campbell, if you’re ready?
26) 20) dialog: As we all know, Sawville was mining country before the logging industry moved in... FIRST SLIDE: A shot of an old mine entrance.
26) 21) dialog: In the late 1860's, hundreds of Chinese immigrants came to our shores to help work the claims. SECOND SLIDE: Photo of a modern Chinese Restaurant. While the slides continue, Bruce continues his line of patter with poor Kelly.
26) 23) dialog: The largest mine was the Triple T., run with an iron fist by the legendary Thomas T. Tripletee. THIRD SLIDE: A photo of a harsh looking man with a handlebar moustache. Dressed in 1860-style finery.
26) 24) dialog: At her height, the Triple T employed hundreds of Chinese immigrant laborers. They worked long hours, in harsh and primitive conditions, surviving on rice and bean curd... (CONTINUED)
26) 28) dialog: Then disaster struck. A cave-in. Over a hundred Chinese workers were buried alive. Sawville was devastated... FOURTH SLIDE: Photo of the front page of the local paper, “The Sawville Gazette”, circa 1860. The big headline reads: CAVE IN CLOSES TRIPLE T. Next headline: FOREMAN SUFFERS BROKEN LEG. Next headline (smallest): CALL GOES OUT, SEND MORE CHINESE.
26) 29) dialog: Soon after, rumors began to spread of a curse. FIFTH SLIDE: A colorful image of the “Guan-Di” warrior, a mythical Samurai with flowing robes, glowing red eyes and a deadly sword.
26) 30) dialog: Legend has it that a Chinese demon was summoned to protect the spirits of all those who died. SIXTH SLIDE: A shadowy, out of focus image of the Chinese Demon, barely visible but pretty damn creepy.
26) 31) dialog: An amateur photographer captured this image almost fifty years ago, when the demon was last thought active... in fact this is the only copy of that rare photo...
26) 39) dialog: We need a champion, Mr. Campbell. A warrior who understands these dark forces. Bruce glances over his shoulder, looks over the group.
26) 41) dialog: Actually, Jeff told us that you had some... experience with evil spirits.
26) 47) dialog: His name is Wing. The last living descendant of the dead laborers. For punctuation, Wing scratches his nails across the blackboard again. Bruce winces and grabs the blackboard away from him, tosses it aside.
28) 0) text: Bruce is about to tell the people in the hall about his “Wing spotting” when the Mayor SHOUTS over the voices. (CONTINUED)
28) 3) dialog: Mr. Campbell, the future of Sawville rests in your hands. The place goes silent. Waiting for Bruce’s response. Bruce gauges them, then...
28) 5) dialog: Ehh, more or less. Bruce looks across the desperate Townies. His face is arrogant until he spots Kelly, standing by the door, hesitating as she awaits his answer.
28) 8) dialog: Will you help us, Mr. Campbell? Bruce sucks in his gut, puffs out his chest and strikes a heroic pose.
32) 28) dialog: Kelly, I know you don’t much like the stranger, but we need someone to go up against the demon. The Mayor looks over at Bruce, almost as dubious as Kelly.
32) 29) dialog: And right now, in an absolutely tragic turn of events, he’s the best we've got. Bruce looks back at Kelly and the Mayor and laughs even harder. OFF Kelly’s befuddlement...
36) 30) dialog: Mr. Campbell. (taps watch) It’s time. Bruce looks at Kelly. Back at the Mayor. Desperate to consummate the kiss.
36) 32) dialog: Mr. Campbell...
37) 4) dialog: Okay. I’m set. Continue to PULL BACK to reveal Bruce standing nearby, totally unarmed, watching incredulously.
39) 0) text: A field outside some woods somewhere on the outskirts of town. The full moon offers some illumination along with the fiery TORCHES being carried by several Townfolk. They’re also all equipped with small personal WALKIE TALKIES. As the move through the area, the MAYOR spots something on the ground. NOTE that the Mayor is still wearing his Friday The 13th hockey mask and all the weaponry/accoutrements that he gathered at the gun store.
39) 1) dialog: Hold it. What do you make of this? Bruce kneels, authoritative, picks up a handful of gravel, sifting it through his fingers. (CONTINUED)
39) 5) dialog: I mean these tracks. A set of well defined, devil-hoof footprints are visible IN the gravel.
39) 7) dialog: No surprise. The killings have all been in this general area. (rising, somber) We're on it’s hunting ground now.
39) 9) dialog: No, I think it’s still hunting us. Bruce can sense the “nervousness” of his team.
40) 45) dialog: Campbell, you coward! You were supposed to protect us!