9) 4) dialog: So I gotta make this drop off  in Harlem and on the way down  there's these three kids  hailing me. Max slaps himself in the face a few times.
9) 7) dialog: I was tight, so...
9) 14) dialog: So I drop them off in the  Village and they dart.
9) 17) dialog: I get out, grab my bat and  start running. One of the kids,  maybe sixteen, I catch a block  later he's cursing at me, calling  me a Paki bastard. So I whacked him,  right in the head.
9) 19) text: The pain seems to disappear. Max looks at his hand that w rubbing his bead. Then he looks at the front door. The doorknob seems to move.  Something begins knocking on Max's door. The knocking get louder and louder then the locks begin to unlock. FARROUHK's words begin to overpower Max.
9) 20) dialog: I'm kicking the bastard in the  ribs banging his ass, knocking his  head against the curb, harder  and harder, I fucking lost  it. A hot dog guy starts  screaming "You're cracking his  skull, you're cracking his  skull." So they pulled me off  of him and calmed me down.  Cops said he had it coming to  him.
20) 19) dialog: What neighbor?
20) 23) dialog: Why are you talking to that dork!
20) 27) dialog: Pounds on wall. Hey, dork, leave my girlfriend alone!
20) 30) dialog: I don't give a shit.
20) 33) text: Shh! C'mon, Farrouhk.
20) 35) dialog: I'll kill the dork.  (Exploding again) 
36) 0) text: Max marches into his foyer when he's suddenly ambushed by Devi's boyfriend, Farrouhk. Farrouhk is a little guy with big sadistic smile. He grabs Max by the collar and slams him against the wall fist butts up against Max's chin. FARROUHK 
36) 5) dialog: You want to fuck her, don't you?
36) 9) dialog: You calling my girlfriend  ugly!? Why don't you want  to fuck her? You think she's  ugly?
36) 12) dialog: So you do want to  fuck her. You think about  fucking her in the mouth,  don't you?
36) 15) dialog: Give the fucking  genius a Mars bar. Stay away,  or I'll slice off your balls.
36) 16) text: Farrouhk tosses Max against the wall. Max whimpers off to apartment. Farrouhk has enjoyed this and to end his game gives Max a small slap on the butt. INSIDE HIS APARTMENT Max bolts the front door. At his desk he rips open the envelope Lenny Meyer gave hi pulls out a BLACK DISK and eyes it expectantly. Next door, he hears Farrouhk and Devi talking.
36) 17) dialog: Damn dork.
36) 21) dialog: Unique?! Unique?! He's a dork!
36) 28) text: Then he lifts his hand to slap the RETURN button, but a s wave of fear stops him. He gets up and grabs a Ginseng soda from the fridge He dr eight pills in the can. He calmly takes a sip from the so and places it on the counter. Max can hear Devi and Farrouhk starting to make love. The gentle sounds drift through the wall.
36) 56) text: He's busy right now I'm sorry. Max is sprawled out in front  of Euclid. A large amount of  blood, from his nose, is  semi-dried on his chin and  chest. Devi hangs up the phone. The landlady, Mrs. Ovadia, and Farrouhk, brandishing a  crowbar, stand over him.
36) 62) dialog: (To Mrs. OVADIA)
36) 80) dialog: (To Devi) 
46) 30) text: Farrouhk!
46) 32) dialog: He's sick! He's sick!
46) 33) text: Max gets to his feet and runs behind Farrouhk.  Just then a station wagon screeches up to the curb. Lenny Meyer, Ephraim, and a bunch of other his burly Jews jump
46) 35) text: Max looks at Farrouhk and then he looks at Lenny. Ephraim grabs Max and pulls him toward the station wagon.
46) 38) text: Farrouhk heads for his cab. Ephraim helps Max into the backseat of the wagon and climbs in after him. Lenny Meyer jumps into the passenger seat and the gray-be YISRAEL slams on the gas Pedal. Farrouhk jumps into his cab.