6) 16) dialog: Mr. Cohen! How  are you? It's been a long  time. Sorry I haven't been in  touch. But I was hoping you  would allow me to take you to  lunch tomorrow, say one  o'clock?
6) 20) dialog: We're very anxious to talk  with you, sir
6) 23) dialog: I'm prepared to  make you a generous... Max hurries to wrap up the conversation.
6) 26) dialog: Mr. Cohen, give  me a moment... But before Marcy finishes, Max hangs up. He rips off the  printout and heads to the front door. He checks the peephole, His landlady. MRS. OVADIA, is swe the hallway stairs humming a turn-of-the century (the las one, not this one) tune. Max waits a moment. He tousles his hair. Then he checks a She's gone. He opens his locks and releases several bolts
10) 2) dialog: Mr. Cohen. Marcy  Dawson here again I was just  looking over my schedule and  I realized I'll be in your  neighborhood tomorrow around  three. Max heads to the 
10) 7) dialog: Marcy Dawson from  Lancet-Percy I'm so anxious  to meet you. It will be worth  itВ—for both of us I promise.  See you at your house at  three, okay?
10) 10) dialog: Oh, don't worry,  I got your address from  Columbia. So three it is.  Looking forward to it. Max tries to stop her but, before he can Marcy hangs up. A bewildered Max slowly hangs up.
17) 1) dialog: Mr. Cohen! Perfect timing.
17) 3) dialog: I was just waiting for you.  I thought you stood me up,  so I was going to head home.
17) 7) dialog: Oh...Marcy Dawson. From  Lancet Percy. We were  supposed to meet at three.
17) 10) dialog: I can't tell you what a  pleasure it is to finally  meet you. I've studied  your papers for years.
17) 12) dialog: I have something  you won't be able to say no  to. Why don't we take a spin  in the limo?
17) 14) dialog: We're excited by your work.  We can't wait to discuss... Max attempts to pull away but Marcy is firm on leading hi the car. Meanwhile, the Shinny man is heading right at th The CHAUFFEUR reaches out to him. Max yanks his arm free runs away. He whips around a corner.
26) 0) text: Max rushes to the subway when a honking horn stops him. A pulls up next to him. Marcy Dawson jumps out of the car
26) 1) dialog: Mr. Cohen? Mr.  Cohen? Please stop for a  second Mr. Cohen?
26) 5) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm very sorry.  I admit I've been a bit too  aggressive. But all I ask is  for five minutes of your time.  Here...
26) 8) dialog: ...a stopwatch.  Already ticking. Allow me the  four and a half minutes left  Let me tell you what I want.  Let me tell you what I can  offer you. Afterwards, if you  don't want to talk to me, then  fine, we part as friends and  I promise that you will never  see me again. That's fair,  isn't it?
26) 13) dialog: Good. It's funny,  even though we have different  aims and different goals  we're actually incredibly  alike. We both seek the same  thingВ—perfection. I know... clearly we're seeking  different types of  perfection, but that is what  makes us perfect candidates  for a fruitful partnership.  If you let me, I can be your  greatest ally. Take the  acacia tree...in East  Africa. It is the most  prevalent plant in all of  Kenya because it has managed  to secure its niche by  defeating its major predator,  the giraffe. To accomplish  this, the tree has made a contract  with a highly specialized red ant.  The tree has evolved giant spores which  act as housing for the ants  In return for shelter, the  ants supply defense. When a  giraffe starts to eat the  tree's leaves, the shaking  branch acts like an alarm. The  ants charge out and secrete an  acid onto the giraffe's  tongue. The giraffe learns its  lesson and never returns.  Without each other, the tree  would be picked dry and the  ants would have no shade from  the brutal African sun Both  would die. But with each  other, they succeed, they survive,  they surpass. They have  different aims, different  goals but they work together. Max, we would like to establish  a mutually benefiting alliance  with you.
26) 18) dialog: Allow me to dose.
26) 20) dialog: As a sign of good faith we  wish to offer you this.
26) 23) dialog: The suitcase isn't filled with  fifties or gold or diamonds. Just  silicon. A Ming Mecca chip.
26) 28) dialog: You're right. They're not. But  Lancet-Percy has many friends.  Come here, take a look.
26) 33) dialog: Beautiful, isn't it? You know  how rare...are you okay?
26) 36) dialog: But what about...
26) 40) dialog: What? Mr. Cohen!?
34) 0) text: Max eyes Marcy Dawson's business card, suspiciously He di the number. A man answers on the other line.
34) 11) dialog: Mr. Cohen? I'm so  Happy...
34) 14) dialog: You tech guys. I think you  know what we want.
34) 17) dialog: C'mon, Mr. Cohen. We can work  together We can both profit  from this information. We both  need each other to get it, so why  not work with us?
34) 20) dialog: We're willing to take the risk.
34) 23) dialog: (Beat) 
34) 27) dialog: How do I know you're home? 
34) 31) dialog: Fair enough.
37) 2) dialog: Max, is that you? Max?  (Pleading) 
44) 0) text: Max heads home in a furious state. Suddenly, he sees two Marcy's men blocking his path. It's Brad and Jake, yet an tough guy, and they don't look happy. Max spins around an sees Marcy Dawson blocking his exit.
44) 3) dialog: Let's take a ride, Max.
44) 7) dialog: We had a deal! NOW get in the limo!
46) 1) dialog: Enough, Max, c'mon out.
46) 6) dialog: You're responsible for this.
46) 9) dialog: But we did.
46) 11) dialog: You have to be careful  where you throw out your trash.
46) 14) dialog: You gave us faulty information.  You gave us the carrot, the right  picks, but then you only gave us  part of the code.
46) 16) dialog: C'mon, Max. This isn't a  game anymore. We're playing  on a global scale. We used  your code. Foolish...I admit.  But we can fix things if we  make some careful picks. Give  us the rest of the code so  we can set things right.
46) 18) dialog: Look, Max...
46) 22) dialog: Information is  the private language of Capital. We tried to  establish a symbiotic  relationship but if you choose to compete and  enter our niche we are forced  to comply with the laws of  nature.
46) 26) dialog: C'mon, Max. You  don't get it. I don't give a shit about you. I only  care about what's in your  fucking head. If you won't help  us help yourself, then I'll  have only one choice. Destroy the  competition. I'll take you  out of the game. Survival of the  fittest, Max. And we've got  the gun.