2) 0) text: Max's room is constantly dark because the windows are bla out. He flips on his desk lamp. A tiny ANT crawls across his desk. He looks at it for a m before getting angry and squashing it. Sitting on the desk are three computer monitors, which Ma flips on. Then he pops on more lights and more switches. We pull ba revealing that Max's apartment looks more like the inside computer than a human's home. The room is knee-high in computer parts of all shapes and sizes. The walls are covered with circuit boards. Cables from the ceiling like vines in a Brazilian rain forest. T all seem to be wired together forming a monstrous homemad computer. This is EUCLID, Max's creation. The computer is alive wit sounds and lights. Max works on Euclid with his solder and drill. He cares f the machine as if it were his dream car
10) 13) text: which is filled with random computer parts and boxes. He pulls a thick neuroscience book from a shelf in the ba the closet. He almost knocks over an old dusty brass  microscope on the shelf. Max flips through the book. It contains old plates  illustrating the brain. Max examines some of the diagrams EXT. S0L'S HALLWAY - DAY Max rings the bell on an apartme door. A few moments pass, and then SOL ROBESON opens the door. Sol is a wise-looking man in his early 70's. He walks wit difficulty, leaning out of breath on a wooden cane. His arms are covered with faded Russian prison tattoos an speaks with a thick Eastern European accent, He's happy t Max.
10) 15) text: Max is happy to see Sol, but he's a bit bashful and  intimidated. MAX Okay.
11) 0) text: TIGHT ON the Japanese game of Go being played. Sol is whi and Max is black. Sol's moves are secure and controlled w Max is hesitant.
11) 1) dialog: Stop thinking, Max, just  feel. Use your intuition.  It's the only way to get into  the flow.  (Beat) 
11) 6) dialog: It's been a month.  (Knowingly) 
11) 9) text: Sol changes the subject. He feeds his goldfish and points one of them.
11) 10) dialog: Have you met the new  fish my niece bought me? I  named her Icarus. After you.  My renegade pupil. You fly  too high, you'll get burned.
11) 11) text: Max looks up at Sol.
11) 12) dialog: The more I see you, the  more I see myself thirty  years ago. My greatest pupil.  Published at 16, Ph.D. at 20.
11) 15) dialog: But life isn't just  mathematics. I spent forty  years looking for patterns in  Pi, I found nothing.
11) 18) dialog: I found things, but not a  pattern.
16) 0) text: Sol and Max play Go. Sol is peaceful while Max is distant Max plays a piece absently. Sol counters with a deafening atari. Max whispers:
16) 2) dialog: Your mainframe?
16) 6) dialog: What happened?
16) 10) dialog: You have a printout?
16) 14) dialog: The picks, the number?
16) 18) dialog: What was the number it  spit out?
16) 20) dialog: How many?
16) 24) dialog: (Intense) 
16) 29) dialog: (Beat)...
16) 30) text: I dealt with  some bugs back in my Pi days.  I was wondering if it was  similar to one I ran into. Sol begins to feed his fish. He points to one.
16) 31) dialog: Have you met Archimedes.  The one with the black spot.  You see?
16) 35) dialog: Remember Archimedes of  Syracuse? The King asks  Archimedes to determine if a  present he's received was  actually solid gold. Unsolved  problem at the time. It  tortures the great Greek  mathematician for weeks.  Insomnia haunts him and he  twists and turns on his bed  for nights on end. Finally,  his equally exhausted wife,  she's forced to share a bed  with this genius, convinces  him to take a bath, to relax.  While stepping into the tub  he observes the bathwater  rise as he enters. Displacement.  A way to determine volume.  And thus, a way to  determine density, weight  over volume. And thus,  Archimedes solves the  problem. He screams  "Eureka!"В—Greek for "I found  it!"В—and is so overwhelmed he  runs dripping naked through  the streets to the King's  castle to report his  discovery. Now, what's the  moral of the story.
16) 38) dialog: Wrong. The point of the  story is the wife. Listen to  your wife, she will give you  perspective. Meaning, you  need a break, Max, you have  to take a bath, otherwise  you'll get nowhere. There will  be no order, only chaos.  Go home and take a bath.
23) 0) text: Max firmly rings SOL's bell. In a few moments, Sol answers the door in his pajamas.
23) 1) dialog: Max?
23) 5) dialog: Relax, it's early.
24) 0) text: Max sits at the kitchen table while Sol heats up a pot of Max is shaking.
24) 1) dialog: Now, what's up?
24) 4) dialog: Excuse me?
24) 8) dialog: Oh, you mean the bug. I  found it working on Pi.
24) 11) dialog: What's this all about,  Max?
24) 13) dialog: Religious Jews?
24) 16) dialog: Really? What's it mean to  them?
24) 19) dialog: It's just a coincidence.
24) 23) dialog: Yesterday's stock picks?
24) 26) dialog: (Surprised) 
24) 31) dialog: Max, it's a bug.
24) 34) dialog: Come with me.
25) 0) text: Sol and Max sit on either side of a half-played Go board.
25) 1) dialog: Listen to me. The Ancient  Japanese considered the Go  board to be a microcosm of  the universe. Although when  it is empty it appears to be  simple and ordered, in fact,  the possibilities of game play  are endless. They say that no  two Go games have ever been  alike. Just like snowflakes.  So, the Go board actually  represents an extremely complex  and chaotic universe. That is  the truth of our world, Max.  It can't be easily summed up  with math. There is no simple  pattern.
25) 4) dialog: So?
25) 7) dialog: That is insanity, Max.
25) 10) dialog: Hold on, you have to slow  down. You're losing it, you have to take a breath. Listen  to yourself. You're connecting  a computer bug I had, a  computer bug you might have  had, and some religious  hogwash. If you want to find  the number two sixteen in the  world, you'll be able to pull  it out of anywhere. Two  hundred and sixteen steps  from your street comer to  your front door. Two hundred  and sixteen seconds you spend  riding on the elevator. When  your mind becomes obsessed  with anything, it will filter  everything else out and find  examples of that thing  everywhere. Three hundred and  twenty, four hundred and  fifty, twenty-three.  Whatever! You've chosen two  sixteen and you'll find it  everywhere in nature. But  Max, as soon as you discard  scientific rigor, you are no  longer a mathematician. You  become a numerologist. What  you need to do is take a  break from your research. You  need it. You deserve it  Here's a hundred dollars, I  want you to take it. If ,you  won't take it, borrow it.  Either way, take a break. Spend it however you like as  long as it falls in the  category of vacation. Real  world stuff, okay. No math. Max looks at his bands.
25) 11) dialog: Just try it. In a week  you'll laugh about this.  C'mon, Max. Think about it!
40) 1) dialog: You're early. I was just  studying our... (Noticing ,Max's head) 
40) 6) dialog: I thought you were going  to take a break.
40) 8) text: Sol doesn't respond.
40) 10) dialog: You have it?
40) 14) dialog: (Leveling with Max) 
40) 16) dialog: I gave up before I  pinpointed it. But my guess  is that certain problems  cause computers to get stuck  in a particular loop. The loop  leads to meltdown, but  right before they crash they... they become "aware" of  their own structure. The  computer has a sense of its  own silicon nature and it  prints out its ingredients.
40) 20) dialog: In some ways...I guess...
40) 24) dialog: No, Max, it's only a  nasty bug.
40) 25) dialog: A door in front of a cliff.  You're driving yourself over  the edge. You need to stop.
40) 28) dialog: The bug doesn't only  destroy computers. 
40) 31) dialog: Look what it did to your  computer. Look what it's doing  to you.
40) 33) dialog: It's killing you. Leave it  unknown.
40) 36) dialog: Max, I got burnt.
40) 40) dialog: It caused my stroke.
40) 44) dialog: Max, there's more than  math! There's a whole world...
40) 47) dialog: Max, it's death!
40) 48) text: Max stands up and screams down at Sol.
40) 50) text: Sol grabs his cane and whacks the Go board.
40) 51) dialog: Get out! Max, get out!
40) 54) dialog: Out!
51) 0) text: A pumped and excited Max paces the hall as he rings the b The door opens. But it isn't Sol. It's a young, beautiful woman wearing a simple black dress. Her name is JENNY ROB and she is Sol's niece.
51) 4) text: Sol?
51) 15) text: Max rushes into Sol s study. The room is covered with Sol research books. It seems Sol had recently come out of  retirement. Max looks at a few of Sol's books. Then he fi piece of paper with Sol's handwriting on it. On the paper THE number. Max slides it into his pocket. Max looks at the Go board. The pieces are arranged in a g spiral across the board.
52) 0) text: Max sits on his bed staring at Sol's handwritten number. Then he notices that his thumb is twitching. He drops Sol note.
52) 20) text: Max lets out a 'SOL!, and reaches out into the void. We m cut back to 
53) 0) text: Max looks at Sol's note. He lights a match and burns it. Next, he prepares something in the sink. We hear the WHINE of a motor. Then it stops, Max looks at himself in the mirror, He smiles. Then he gets solemn. He takes a deep breath. Then we hear the motor again. Max lifts up his arm. He's holding a drill. He places the bit against the math section of his scalp. He applies pressure and drills into his brain. Max collapses as we quickly 