1) 0) text: CLOSE ON JOKER (30's), tears in his eyes from laughing so hard. He's trying to get it under control. His greasy, bl hair is matted down. He's wearing an old, faded red hoode zip-up sweatshirt, a threadbare gray scarf, thin from yea of use, hangs loosely around his neck. WE NOTICE TWO FADED OLD SCARS cut at the corners of his mouth. Almost forming a smile. He's sitting across from an overworked SOCIAL WORKER (50' African American. Her office is cramped and run-down in a cramped and run-down building. Stacks of folders piled hi in front of her. She just sits behind her desk, waiting for his laughing f to end, she's been through this before. Finally it subsid Joker takes a deep breath, pauses to see if it's over. Beat.
1) 2) dialog: It's certainly tense. People are upset, they're struggling. Looking for work. The garbage strike seems like it's been going on forever. These are tough times. (then)
1) 8) dialog: Have you been keeping up with your journal?
1) 10) dialog: Great. Did you bring it with you? Beat.
1) 12) dialog: (impatient; she doesn't have time for this) Arthur, last time I asked you to bring your journal with you. For these appointments. Do you have it?
1) 14) dialog: Can I see it? He reluctantly reaches into his bag. Pulls out a weathere notebook. Slides it across to her--
1) 16) dialog: No. You didn't.
1) 19) dialog: Oh yeah. Because of what your mother said,-- about your purpose. "To bring laughter and joy to the world," right?
1) 22) dialog: (reading out loud) "I just hope my death makes more sense than my life." She looks up at Joker. He just stares back. Lets it hang there for a beat. Then he laughs a little, even though he doesn't think it' funny--
1) 24) dialog: Does my reading it upset you? He leans in.
1) 26) dialog: I understand. I just want to make sure you're keeping up with it. She slides his journal back to him. He holds it in his la
1) 28) dialog: What about your mom? How's she feeling?
1) 30) dialog: Seems like she's been sick a lot since you got home.
1) 32) dialog: All right. So, I'll see you again, two weeks from today? He nods. But keeps sitting there for a moment. She stands up, trying to signal it's time for him to leav
1) 33) dialog: Is there something else I can help you with, Arthur? My next appointment is waiting. He just keeps sitting there.
1) 35) dialog: (looking over his record) Do you know which ones you'd like increased? Shakes his head, no.
1) 36) dialog: Have you been sleeping?
1) 40) dialog: Arthur, you're on seven different medications. Surely they must be doing something. He finally stands up. Zips up his faded red sweatshirt. Looks at her--
43) 0) text: JOKER SITS ACROSS from the same Social Worker from the opening scene. Same depressing office. She stares at him for a beat, clearly annoyed.
43) 1) dialog: We spoke about this last time, Arthur. You're supposed to bring your journal with you.
43) 3) dialog: You said it didn't bother you.
43) 5) dialog: What about it bothered you?
43) 7) dialog: Arthur, I have some bad news for you. He looks up, intrigued.
43) 8) dialog: They've cut our funding. We're closing down our offices next week. He looks around, just noticing some MOVING BOXES stacked against the wall.
43) 11) dialog: We won't be. The city's cut funding across the board. Social services is part of that. Joker nods, not hating the idea.
43) 13) dialog: They don't give a shit about people like you, Arthur. You don't have a voice and they don't really care what happens to you or to us for that matter. He sits there for a moment. And then it dawns on him--