7) 1) dialog: Wait!! He puts his foot out with some panache to stop the closin door-- He's a romantic at heart. Ding. And SOPHIE DUMOND (late 20's), tired eyes, hands filled w grocery bags, steps onto the elevator with GIGI, her 5-ye old daughter.
7) 2) dialog: Thank you. (realizing)
7) 4) dialog: How's your mom doing? He takes a deep breath, he's uncomfortable talking to her holds up the white prescription bag.
7) 8) dialog: (smiles; being polite)
7) 9) text: She's lucky she has you-- Joker smiles thanks, can't help but glance at GiGi lickin the rail. Sophie finally notices. She wants to grab her but can't w her hands full. Tries to kick her away--
7) 10) dialog: Jesus. Don't do that, GiGi! How many times have I told you that? (to Joker)
7) 11) text: This building is so awful, isn't it? Joker just nods... he doesn't know what to say, but clear wants to continue this conversation with Sophie. The doors open. They all step off.
7) 12) dialog: Okay. Well, tell your mom I said hello. And Sophie and GiGi walk down the hall-- the opposite way Joker. He just stands there for a beat. Heart beating fas
7) 14) text: Hey Sophie-- She turns around.
20) 0) text: Joker is on the elevator, as the door closes, he sticks h foot out to stop it. The door limps back open. Ding. He looks to see if anybody, if Sophie, is coming. He wait Hoping. The door starts to close on him again-- Right before it d he stops it with his foot again. Ding.
26) 0) text: HANDHELD POV, see the run-down building where Joker lives from across the street. REVEAL, Joker is watching his own building on the far sid a parked truck. Red hood pulled up, covering his head. He waits. Watches. Now we see Sophie exiting the building with her daughter GiGi. Sophie's dressed more conservatively than when we previously met her.
27) 0) text: Sophie drops GiGi off at school. Joker's still watching. Following.
28) 0) text: Sophie waits on the platform. Lights a cigarette. We see Joker, hidden behind a steel support beam-- watchi her from a distance.
29) 0) text: Joker stands at the window between two subway cars. Just watching Sophie as she reads a book in the next car. The train comes to a stop and she exits. Joker exits as w
30) 0) text: Nicer part of Gotham. Joker follows Sophie from a distanc watches as she walks into Gotham First National Bank. Sees her say hello to the guard. This is where she works. Joker just watches and waits.
31) 0) text: A large, mid-level bank. Sophie is one of THREE BANK TELL working behind the plexiglass windows. Joker pulls the hood back off his head, takes a deep brea before he walks up to her window. She is looking down, counting her drawer. Takes another deep breath. Then--
31) 2) dialog: (surprised)
31) 5) text: Oh, hi. That's weird. (pausing to see if he's gonna laugh; he's good) I didn't know you worked at a bank. SOPHIE
31) 8) text: I'm a comedian. I do stand-up comedy. SOPHIE
31) 10) text: Yeah. You know, I'm always making funny observations. Always on the look out for my next bit-- so it makes sense. SOPHIE
31) 13) dialog: Excuse me? JOKER
31) 14) text: Last week. You said to say hi to my mom. I did. Made her day. They are interrupted by the BRANCH MANAGER (50's), white, heavy-set, who has come up behind Sophie--
31) 17) dialog: Everything is fine Mr. Slotnick. Now he leans down and whispers something in her ear-- Jok just watches through the glass.
31) 18) dialog: (shakes her head; to her manager)
31) 21) text: Great. You just need to fill out a form. They are back there-- against the wall. As the manager talks, Sophie makes wide eyes at Joker, li "I almost got in trouble."
42) 0) text: When he gets to his floor, instead of making a left towar his apartment-- He makes a right, toward Sophie's. He sto at her door. Out of breath. Knocks. He hears footsteps. Quickly pulls the folded-up flyer out his pocket. The peephole in the door goes dark and then light again. hears locks unlocking. Sophie opens the door halfway-- Joker looks down at his feet--
42) 2) dialog: What?                                                   
42) 6) text: Were you crying? Why are you crying? Beat. SOPHIE
42) 8) text: I'm sorry. I, I didn't-- SOPHIE
42) 10) text: What happened? SOPHIE
42) 12) text: What for? SOPHIE
42) 15) text: You know they say laughter is the best medicine. Sophie wipes her eyes and manages a smile. SOPHIE
46) 0) text: JOKER'S POV, slowly walking down the hall -- as if in slo motion -- toward a curtain at the end, spotlight bleeding through, other wannabe comics looking at him as he passes CLOSE ON JOKER, eyeing the others, sweat beading on his forehead-- He gets to the curtain, the light, pulls his worn joke- notebook out of his back pocket. Glancing into the room h sees it's a pretty good crowd. Sees Sophie taking a seat the back. Wheeling back into the dark hallway, he catches his breat the shadows-- And starts BANGING HIS HEAD BACK against the wall-- He hears the EMCEE from the stage.
47) 0) text: Joker and Sophie walking out of the club after the show, audience trickles out around them. Nobody looking in Joke direction, nobody says anything to him, maybe one or two cracking up at him behind his back. Garbage bags crowding narrow street, lit up by the bright signs.
47) 2) text: So, did you laugh? Really couldn't see much from up there. Sophie pauses, doesn't know what to say. She lights up a cigarette. SOPHIE
47) 4) text: All I heard was my heart pounding. SOPHIE
47) 6) text: What friends? SOPHIE
47) 8) text: (he forgot; recovers) Yeah, I decided not to invite them. As a performer sometimes you want to see how a "real" crowd reacts. People who don't already love me, or, or have a notion of who I am, you know? SOPHIE
47) 12) text: Yeah,-- I don't know how something like that happens. SOPHIE
47) 15) text: Look at their faces. Those smug smiles. I've seen that look. Fuck them. Sophie flicks her cigarette away and starts walking. SOPHIE
47) 17) text: (calls out to her) Hey. You want to get some coffee? Sophie turns around and smiles. She looks great, even in front of the mounds of garbage bags that line the sidewal AN AMBULANCE SCREAMS BY, SIRENS BLARING as Sophie says something that Joker doesn't hear. She keeps walking. Joker chases after her and trips over a TIN GARBAGE CAN L CLANG. CLANG. He falls down flat on his face. Sophie turns and bursts out laughing. She can't help but laugh. It's the first time she's laughed all night.
48) 0) text: Table covered with plates of half-eaten Chinese food. Joker and Sophie sitting across from each other, middle o conversation. Crowded room, brightly lit, looks more like casino. Almost everybody eating there is Chinese. It's lo
48) 1) dialog: --I'm telling you, it's across the board. Wall Street, the banks, politicians. They've been making a killing for years. Fuck them. Joker takes a moment to think about what she said.
48) 3) dialog: What don't you know?
48) 5) dialog: Oh c'mon, he's the worst! Joker is taken aback--
48) 7) dialog: You can't be serious!? He's a complete narcissist. Brags about his money. Meanwhile, the rest of us can barely make rent. Or feed our kids. Joker nods. Thinking about it. Then--
48) 9) dialog: With what?
48) 11) text: With your job. At the bank? SOPHIE
48) 13) text: We don't have to talk about it.                       Beat. SOPHIE                                     
48) 15) text: Every time.                                           SOPHIE                                    
48) 17) text: (thinks it over again)                            Every time.                                           Sophie smiles. SOPHIE                                     
48) 18) text: Right. And this was like the first                    good job I had in like, years. Not                    waitressing or anything like that.                    It was 9-5. I had benefits. You                       know what that means when you have                    a kid?                                                Joker just looks at her, he doesn't really know what that means. He just smiles. SOPHIE                                     
48) 23) text: Right. Wait, what do you mean?                           SOPHIE                                        
48) 24) text: I finally felt good. Like I had a                        future. A purpose. And now I don't                       even know how I'm gonna pay my                           rent.                                                    AND JOKER STARTS LAUGHING. He puts a hand over his mouth trying to cover it, but he can't stop cracking up-- It's unsettling and disturbing for Sophie. People eating, waiters in red vests, busboys, all look over and stare at him. A few laugh. Joker turns away embarrassed, he looks the plate-glass window, face turning red from laughing so hard-- AS HE LOOKS OUT, HE SEES A GROUP OF ROWDY KIDS walking do the street. One of them glances back before he turns the corner-- HE'S WEARING A CLOWN MASK THAT LOOKS JUST JOKER' CLOWN FACE. And then he's gone. The group disappears arou the corner-- Joker can't believe his eyes, still laughing-- He turns t Sophie who didn't see them. Just sits there awkwardly wai for it to stop. Finally, it subsides-- JOKER
48) 25) text: (catching his breath) I'm sorry. I have this thing-- SOPHIE                                        
48) 26) text: I know.                                                  Awkward beat. SOPHIE                                        
48) 30) dialog: Is that why she calls you Happy?
48) 33) dialog: What?
48) 36) dialog: You okay?
59) 0) text: Joker looking out the back doors as they start to shut cl CATCHES A GLIMPSE OF SOPHIE, coming out of the building. stares at her through the small back door window. Casuall waves at her, trying to connect with her-- Joker sees the two detectives approaching Sophie as the ambulance pulls away. Speeding away down the street, sire wailing--
73) 0) text: Joker knocking on Sophie's apartment door, "Apache" blari inside. He's soaking wet, clothes clinging to his body. There's no answer.
74) 0) text: Joker walks into Sophie's apartment, "Apache" thumping, lights dim.
81) 0) text: Joker walking fast toward the playground. Sees Sophie tal with some other moms, as GiGi and a few kids play on the monkey bars. Sophie walks toward him, still disturbed about last night
81) 1) dialog: What the hell was that? You can't just walk into my apartment like that. He is taken aback by her anger--
81) 3) dialog: What are you talking about? What do you think this is?
81) 5) dialog: Arthur, I was just being nice to you. I felt sorry for you. I have a boyfriend.
81) 7) text: You what? What? What kind of woman are you? Who does that? Some of the other mothers turn toward them-- SOPHIE
81) 9) text: (shouts) Why not? GiGi runs up to Sophie's side to see what's going on, to if her mother's okay. SOPHIE
81) 11) text: No. Don't listen to her GiGi, you need to hear this. Your mother's a bad person. She's a whore, she's seeing two men at once. You can't trust her,-- She'll break your fucking heart. Joker turns to go, behind him GiGi starts to cry. He's cl to tears himself. Sophie takes off after him, and reaches out and grabs him Joker spins quickly around to face her, looks like he mig even hit her-- JOKER
81) 12) text: How come nothing ever comes easy for me? And Sophie slaps him hard across the face-- Then turns an walks away. CLOSE ON JOKER, he begins to laugh--
93) 0) text: JOKER'S P.O.V. FINISHING WRITING A NOTE, "On Murray Frank Tonight -- Please Watch!" CLOSE ON STUFFING THE NOTE AND ALL OF RANDALL'S MONEY int envelope-- TURNING ENVELOPE OVER, WRITING "SOPHIE" on the front.
95) 0) text: FOLLOWING BEHIND JOKER, walking down the hallway as if in slow motion, heading for Sophie's apartment. His dyed gre hair now slicked back. He's wearing the ill-fitting rust colored suit he wore to mother's funeral. STILL FROM BEHIND, he lays the envelope in front of Sophi door, then pulls something else out of his pocket -- his obscuring what it is -- puts it down by her door and leav As he walks away down the hallway, we see what else Joker left behind-- HIS WAND OF FLOWERS, at Sophie's door. Hold.
116) 0) text: Sophie's sitting on her couch watching this interview pla out on TV. GiGi's asleep next to her. The open envelope a the money are lying on the coffee table. No sign of the flowers anywhere.
120) 0) text: Sophie screams and jumps to her feet horrified! Waking up GiGi who starts to cry when she sees what's on television ON THE TELEVISION, Joker gets up and walks right up to th camera. Blood sprayed over his white painted face. Hear t studio audience still screaming, bedlam all around him.