9) 12) text: Stop it. He's not even gonna run. Why would Thomas Wayne want to be mayor? He can do more good as a businessman. MOM
45) 3) text: Why are they talking to him? His mother shushes him. Joker sits on the end of the bed to her. It's one of those "Good Morning, Gotham" shows. THOMAS WAYNE (ON TV)
45) 4) text: --as you know, Jerry, all three of them worked at Wayne Investments, and they were the best of the best. Solid young men. A small smirk registers on Joker's face when photos of th THREE WALL STREET GUYS come up on the screen. THOMAS WAYNE (ON TV)
45) 7) text: There now seems to be a groundswell of anti-rich sentiment in the city. It's almost as if our less fortunate residents have taken the side of the killer. THOMAS WAYNE (ON TV)
45) 9) text: Are you announcing your candidacy? THOMAS WAYNE (ON TV)
45) 13) dialog: It makes total sense to me. What kind of coward would do something that cold-blooded? Someone who hides behind a mask. Someone who's envious of those more fortunate than themselves, yet too scared to show their own face. (to camera)
50) 10) text: Apparently I'm Thomas Wayne's son! How could you keep that from me? His mother slowly getting up out of bed. MOM
50) 12) text: (shouts after her) I'm not yelling! I'm just, excited. How can any of this be real!? How can Thomas Wayne be my father? MOM (OS)
56) 18) text: Thomas Wayne is my father-- Alfred looks at Joker, and can't help but crack up laughi at him. AND JOKER REACHES THROUGH THE BARS AND GRABS HIM. Pulls h in close, trying to choke him, still holding the wand of flowers in one hand-- AS HE CHOKES ALFRED, Joker sees little Bruce, wide-eyed i the shadows, looking out at him in horror. Joker stops. Lets go of Alfred... Takes off running back down the stre away from Wayne Manor, magic wand in hand, leaving the re of his clown gear behind.
64) 0) text: Joker walks with a plastic tray of food. Some runny eggs a coffee. He keeps his head down so no one can see his fa There are a few DOCTORS AND NURSES sitting and chatting a one table. A group of ORDERLIES are sitting together at another table. He goes and sits down in the far corner, far away from everyone else. Sees a tabloid newspaper left on the table and picks it up to read so he doesn't seem so alone. ANGLE ON FRONT PAGE HEADLINE, "Thomas Wayne Announces Run over a full-page campaign-style photograph of Thomas Wayn waving to a crowd standing next to his wife, MARTHA (50's severe looking, well-preserved former model, and little B Wayne standing in front of them. Photo catches Bruce look into camera, eyes wide, scared by the crowd. SUB-HEADLINE READS, "Protest Planned at Wayne Hall Openin Tonight" Joker stares at the family photo. CLOSE ON BRUCE WAYNE IN PHOTO, Joker's fingers ripping hi picture out of the front page.
71) 0) text: Joker sweeps his way into the cavernous, black &amp; whit bathroom, ornate gold fixtures. It's empty save for Thoma Wayne peeing at the far end of a long line of urinals. Joker takes a deep breath, and walks down the line of uri right up next to Thomas Wayne-- He stands there for a beat while Thomas urinates, lobby b and upright dustpan in hand--
71) 1) dialog: (glances over; annoyed)
71) 5) text: (interrupting) You need to get in here or something? Thomas Wayne finishes and zips his fly back up. Joker is sure what to say to him, just says-- JOKER
71) 6) text: Dad. It's me. Beat. But Thomas Wayne doesn't hear him, he was flushing the urinal. He walks toward the sink.
71) 7) dialog: Excuse me? Joker follows after him. JOKER
71) 8) text: My name is Arthur. I'm Penny's son. (beat) I know you didn't know about me, and I don't want anything from you. Well... maybe a hug. And Joker smiles, it's all very emotional for him. Thomas looks over at him like he's fucking crazy. THOMAS WAYNE
71) 10) text: Yes. But they wouldn't let me in, wouldn't let me see you. So I came here. I have so many questions. Thomas Wayne just laughs to himself and turns on the gold faucets at one of the sinks. THOMAS WAYNE
71) 12) text: How do you know? Thomas Wayne just keeps washing his hands, doesn't even l over at Joker.
71) 15) text: No. What? I wasn't adopted. Thomas starts drying his hands. THOMAS WAYNE
71) 17) text: No. No, I don't believe that. Thomas finishes drying his hands. Turns to Joker, his ton way more serious now. THOMAS WAYNE
71) 18) text: I don't really give a shit   what you believe. (steps in closer) But if you ever come to my   house again, if you ever talk to   my son again, if I ever even hear   about you again, I'll-- AND JOKER CRACKS UP LAUGHING, interrupting his threat. Laughing right in his face-- THOMAS WAYNE
71) 19) text: Are you laughing at me? Joker's laughing so hard he can't answer. THOMAS SHOVES JOKER HARD UP AGAINST THE TILED WALL, gripp his neck with one hand. Joker just cracks up louder, he d the dustpan and broom-- THOMAS WAYNE
71) 20) text: (shouting) You think this is funny? Thomas Wayne's security guards bang open the door, rushin into the bathroom when they hear the shouting--
71) 24) dialog: (interrupting; raising his voice)
71) 25) text: Is this a fucking joke to you? AND THOMAS WAYNE PUNCHES JOKER STRAIGHT IN THE FACE with free hand, blood spraying from his nose--
117) 7) text: Why is everyone so upset about                  these guys? Because Thomas Wayne                went and cried about them on TV? MURRAY FRANKLIN                      
117) 8) text: You have a problem with Thomas Wayne, too? JOKER
117) 11) text: Have you seen what it's like out there, Murray? Do you ever actually             leave the studio? Everybody just                yells and screams at each other.                Nobody's civil anymore. Nobody thinks what it's like to be the other guy. You think men like                   Thomas Wayne, men at ease, ever think what it's like to be a guy like me? To be anybody but themselves. (shaking his head, voice rising) They don't. They think we'll all just sit there and take it like good little boys. That we won't werewolf and go wild. Well, this is             for all of you out there. Joker "howls at the moon." It's fucking weird.