37) 2) dialog: --I'm telling you, she wanted my number. We should have just stayed. The train starts moving again...
37) 3) dialog: You're dreaming, man. She wasn't interested-- at all.
37) 4) dialog: Are you nuts? Did you see how close we were dancing!? She was in love, bro. He starts dancing a bit with himself, mimicking what he remembers. Wall Street #2 takes a swig from the brown bag is carrying.
37) 5) dialog: She couldn't wait to get away from you. Joker is watching them closely, impressed by their confid and easy-going camaraderie.
37) 6) dialog: (to the third guy)
37) 8) dialog: (to the girl)
37) 12) text: No thank you. The other two guys crack up at this apparent blow-off. Th third Wall Street guy shakes his head, embarrassed, and starts softly flinging fries at the young woman. WALL STREET #3
37) 13) text: You sure? They're really good. She just buries her face deeper in her book-- WALL STREET #2
37) 14) text: Don't ignore him. He's being nice to you. One of the french fries lands in her hair. She looks down toward Joker, looking to see if he's going to do somethin say something-- Joker just sits there nervous. Not sure what to do, or ev if he wants to do anything at all. AND HE JUST BURSTS OUT LAUGHING. He covers his mouth with hand as they continue to harass the woman. They all look over-- What the fuck is this clown laughing WALL STREET #1
37) 15) text: Something funny, asshole? With their attention diverted, the young woman rushes out through the door between subway cars, glancing back at Jo before she goes-- WALL STREET #3
37) 20) text: (shakes his head, stifling the laughter) Please. Don't. WALL STREET #1
37) 21) text: (continues singing to him) Isn't it bliss? Don't you approve? One who keeps tearing around, One who can't move. Joker starts to get up-- The lead guy pulls him back down WALL STREET #1
37) 22) text: Where are the clowns? There ought to be clowns. As he finishes the song, Joker's laughing fit is coming t end. One of the other guys sits down on the other side of him. He's now sandwiched in between them-- WALL STREET #2
37) 26) text: No. It's just my stuff. I don't have anything. The guy rips the bag from his hand-- WALL STREET #3
37) 27) text: I'll tell you what you have, asshole. Joker gets up from between them to go grab his bag back. two guys are cracking up. WALL STREET #3
37) 28) text: You want it back? Here-- Joker reaches out to grab the bag-- And the guy tosses it over his head to one of his friends Keeping it away from Joker. Three guys in suits tossing a bag around, playing 'monkey the middle' with a clown. THE LIGHTS ON THE TRAIN SEEM TO GLOW BRIGHTER AND WE HEAR the drum roll opening to BOBBY SHORT singing "Send in the Clowns" Live at the CafГ© Carl Joker keeps trying to catch his bag until suddenly-- WHAP! Out of nowhere one of the guys punches him hard in face. Joker goes down as if in slow motion. Blood coming from h nose. He tries to get up, but his feet slip from under hi and he falls back down-- WALL STREET #1