5) 0) text: RON coming out of the train onto the PLATFORM - looking.. there. He’s wearing a white shirt and tie. PASSENGERS hurrying to the exits, then: DONNA appears com other way - looking for him. She has grown into a beautif woman. RON sees her - before she sees him. A leap of the soul. A one moment he can stretch up out of the chair and walk to again. . DONNA sees him, across exiting PASSENGERS - a flash in he starts towards him, as if also suspending her disbelief.. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: RON and DONNA share a pizza and some cheap red wine in a hang out. Posters against the war, black arm bands on the charged electricity in the shuffling, talking. DONNA seem little distracted. .
6) 2) dialog: Sure.
6) 4) dialog: They were beautiful letters.
6) 6) dialog: They were...
6) 18) dialog: Did you see the killings on television? Kent State? It’s as if the war’s happening right here, now. That git laying in that pool of blood in the parking lot. I feel so angry -Ronnie, I don’t believe anything they say anymore. That war is wrong Ronnie. I’m sorry I sound like I’m giving a speech but all that crap they taught us in High School -- about America always being right. And did you see that poster...that picture of the children killed at My Lai? They killed babies Ronnie. Babies! ...Vietnam’s ruining our country. I don’t believe in any of it anymore. I don’t even believe in God anymore Ronnie. It’s all a buncha lies! Pause. RON suddenly feeling anxiety, takes a deep breath. A YOUNG RADICAL interrupts...pressing some leaflets on DO
6) 20) dialog: I can’t right now. Later.
6) 33) dialog: (distracted) I’m sorry, it’s so crazy right now. We got a Kent State demonstration tomorrow. Part of the national protest. I’m on the Organizing Committee... We... (breaks off seeing RON’S look)
6) 35) dialog: Sure...
7) 0) text: DONNA pushes RON past the QUAD where the STUDENTS are gat exchanging information. A LOUDSPEAKER announces tomorrow’ demonstration. :
7) 7) dialog: ---I don’t know. Six months ago I woulda told you I was gonna be a lawyer. I exactly what I wanted to do. “But now I don’t Know what I want to do. It’s so crazy now. Each day is so intense, you don’t know if there’s gonna be a tomorrow, you know what I mean
7) 32) dialog: Why now? It’s an exciting time in this country...
7) 34) dialog: Then. you should do it Ronnie, get out of Massapequa,...like I did. Find yourself...
7) 36) dialog: Yes...someone. I’ve been living with him ‘pout a year now...
7) 38) dialog: Oh God no! They’d have a fit if they did... yeah, I think you’d like him, he’s really sensitive. He got out of the draft, his father got a doctor to write a letter. He took me down to Washington to a couple of big demonstrations against the war. It’s really incredible y’know -- the vibes.
7) 40) dialog: They come from all over the country. Like an army. There’s this togetherness about the people Ron, ...young and old... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
7) 53) dialog: - Have you ever read about the life of Mahatma Gandhi Ronnie or Henry David Thoreau on "Civil Disobedience"? That essay changed my life -- it taught me that people have a right to stand up and speak out when an injustice is being done -~ that it’s their obligation, thei as human beings. Gandhi believed that one person with the Truth was a majority...could win...even women are fighting for their rights Ronnie... They are in a secluded area of the quad, under a tree. Sh comes around, thrusting out her breasts defiantly at him “shirt. . DONNA. I’m proud of who I am as a woman. I believe in Woman’s Liberation. I feel like ing’ holding me back now. I can do I want to do, be anything I want to be. I never felt prouder than I do right now about being a woman, Ronnie. Nothing can stop us. RONNIE looking at her. All healthy sexuality, pride, defi He’s inspired.
7) 55) dialog: (inviting) Then join us Ron,..you can make a difference, we need people like you... ‘He rocks in his chair, to an old memory of music; as if night long ago. (CONTINUED)
7) 66) dialog: Of course.
7) 78) text: RON (cont/’d) I wanted you to see me at my best, I don’t know why that is with people, but...you know it’s like...it’s never enough... It’s like you do something at twelve ’cause you wanna show everybody you can be fifteen, and when you’re fifteen you wanna be eighteen, and when you’re eighteen you wanna be twenty-one, you really wanna be a man so you go out and join up and you go to...War...and War is like this big secret see -- it’s something only a few people in this country really know about ~- and you think if you know what that secret is...then you think ah! Then finally at last, I’ll be a man... and when I’m a Man -- then I’m gonna have you "Donna" -- ...like you’re part of a timepiece you know... when I’m twenty-one I’m gonna have Donna and that’s just the way it is...and everything... I ever did, hitting that home run that day you were up in the stands with that stupid guy and that crazy song playing "awalking in the rain...awhooo whooo whoo whoo..." was for you Donna...it was for you. (pause). I wanted to wanted to shine for you, Donna...’cause I loved you...goddamnit I really loved : you...I just never told you.. (exhales, a long beat) Jeesus! He’s crying against his will as she reaches out, bewilder her eyes shut with pain, and puts her hand on his cheeks, too late to erase the tears.
8) 48) text: THE WHOLE WORLD’S WATCHING! THE WHOLE WORLD’S WATCHING! . DONNA yelling at the cops, retreating with the ‘mass of S RON being wheeled over the grass at full speed by her BOY into a sequestered doorway...