1) 10) dialog: These are the kids who care about this country. these are the kids who went over there, just like we did once, who are putting their lives on the line everyday for Freedom and Democracy, so you and I here in . Massapequa can live free... A GROUP of TEENAGERS watching - silent. A GROUP of BUSINESSMEN = equally silent... RON watching, uncomfortable at being singled out.
1) 11) dialog: -..These are the kids...from Massapequa and all the towns across_the country, the kids who never had the chance to go to college, kids who respect their flag, their parents, their Government, and their religion...kids like Joey Walsh. He was the first and we got a street over in the park named after him.
1) 13) dialog: And Danny Topinka...Billy Vorsovich...
1) 16) dialog: Phil and Larry Powell... Fhe WOMAN makes a shivering gesture of the head, like a w rd. LEGION COMMANDER - very emotional now.
1) 17) dialog: ---and Tommy Finelli...six boys from Massapequa, all of them knew what honor, duty, and sacrifice meant... RON listening - ironic he is not dead.
1) 22) dialog: ier they paid the highest price, they died for t
1) 25) dialog: This town’s been hit hard, it’s always been hit hard...Ask Dec over there, he was in the First War, a lot of us were in the Second, and Mayor Vorisak and me.were in Korea... and that’s why we can’t give up, that’s why we're gonna win in Vietnam ...because +--because Massapequa’s been there before and because of those six wonderful boys and... (voice quivering, pointing his . finger) and because of him! RON inclines his head and stares into his lap. THE CROWD clapping - fighting the heat and the glare. His parents clapping but TOMMY obviously doesn’t share th feeling, looking down. His MOM pushes him on the shoulder restrains her. qe ‘ COMMANDER motioning.
1) 26) dialog: Ron, come over here and say a few words.. would you, please? . (to crowd) Ron Kovic, folks, was born on the Fourth of July, 1946 - so let’s give him a big hand on this great birthday... RON looking - why does he have to speak? APPLAUSE, OFF. SHARP LOW ANGLE with. FX SOUND - as HANDS move reluctantl wheels of the chair and spin it towards the podium where COMMANDER waits...across squeaky wooden flooring, bumping magnified with the tension he feels in the chair. RON moving to the podium in FG with CROWD in BG - the fir has addressed a crowd. RON - shifts in his seat, very ner
1) 43) dialog: +;.and we’ll continue fighting ‘cause of boys | like Ron Kovic and the sacrifice he made will | not be in vain...like he said, we’re gonna win that war! Now let’s have a round of applause for the man who’s done so much for Massapequa... (ete. introducing Mayor Vorisak)