197) 0) text: SHOOTING TOWARDS the big window, with the neighborhood be Jeff is as usual seated in his wheelchair on the left of window, but now turned toward a newcomer. The second man is standing near the divan looking out the window with the binoculars. This newcomer is POLICE DETEC LIEUTENANT THOMAS J. DOYLE, the man Jeff phoned earlier i the day. He is an intelligent-appearing, well-dressed mod detective. He has a sense of humor. He lowers the glasses and turns to Jeff.
414) 0) text: Jeff ejects a bulb, puts his last bulb into the flash hol He tries to move the wheelchair a little further away fro Thorwald. Then he raises the flash holder again. In b.g. we see: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the detectives co to Thorwald's door, try it. Locked. One of the men steps forward with a flat steel jimmy and  snaps the lock open. They move quickly into the darkened  apartment. Doyle hits the lights inside the kitchen. The  group goes into the living room. The lights go on. No sig of Thorwald. Doyle, Lisa and Stella instinctively turn an look toward Jeff's apartment.
417) 0) text: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the two detectives, crossing  Thorwald's yard, see Jeff going out the window. Lisa is  panicked.
418) 0) text: From Doyle's viewpoint, Jeff hanging out the window and  Thorwald hammering at his hands and arms with bare fists. Doyle pushes Lisa to one side and starts to scale the wal preceded by the two detectives.
426) 0) text: Doyle reaches for his service revolver. He doesn't have i He looks down, and calls one of the detectives back.
427) 0) text: Looking down at the two detectives from Doyle's point of  view. Creel grabs for his gun expertly. The holster break away. It is in his hand and with a deft movement he tosse it upward.
431) 0) text: The two detectives ahead of Doyle are moving up below the window. Lisa stand looking up, her hands at the sides of head, frozen with panic.
432) 0) text: Two detectives appear behind Thorwald and grab him. The  startled Thorwald stops his attack on Jeff as he looks wi around to find the source of his new attack.
434) 0) text: People rush to their windows, looking out at the exciteme Some people on the ground floor come out into the yard. D and the two detectives come into the patio beneath Jeff. Doyle directs them to improvise something to break Jeff's fall -- leaves, greenery, their coats, cushions from the  patio furniture -- anything they can find. The four unifo policemen rush into the backyard. Lisa and Stella come ov the wall into the patio beneath Jeff. They look up at Jef encouraging him to hold on. A detective goes into Jeff's cellar door, trying to reach his apartment before Jeff loses his grip. The siffleuse and her husband are standing on the fire es in plain, almost somber clothes. They watch expressionles Beneath them the empty basket which once held their dog s silently in the night air.
435) 0) text: Jeff, hanging from his windowsill. He loses his grip and  plunges down into the patio below. Two detectives throw  themselves beneath him. They are knocked to the ground as Jeff's fall tumbles both of them. After Jeff hits, he lie still, twisted over to one side. Doyle and Lisa rush over to Jeff. There is an audible SOUND of shock in the neighborhood as Jeff has fallen --  various oh's, ah's, and possibly a stifled scream or two.
437) 1) dialog: Lieutenant Doyle?
437) 3) dialog: Thorwald's ready to take us on a  tour of the East River.
438) 2) dialog: Yeah. It's over in his apartment. In  a hat box. Wanna look?