38) 1) dialog: (Softly) How's your leg?
38) 3) dialog: And your stomach?
38) 5) dialog: And you love life?
38) 7) dialog: Anything else bothering you?
38) 9) text: She gives a low. Warm laugh, and the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show that Lisa has been bending over Jeff's wheelchair fr the side. As she straightens up, it PANS her swiftly over the corner of the room, keeping her in big closeup. She t on a low, hanging light. We see her full facial beauty for the first time. It is a warm, intelligent face.
38) 10) dialog: (As she moves) Reading from top to bottom -- (Light on) Lisa --
38) 12) dialog: Carol --
38) 14) dialog: Fremont.
40) 1) dialog: Only because it's expected of her.
40) 3) dialog: Right off the Paris plane. Think it  will sell?
41) 2) dialog: -- A steal at eleven hundred dollars.
41) 4) dialog: We sell a dozen a day in this price  range.
42) 1) dialog: Even if I had to pay, it would be   worth it -- just for the occasion.
42) 4) dialog: (Looking up from the  table) Going on right here. It's a big night.
42) 6) text: Lisa finds what she has been looking for. Picks up an old and cracked cigarette box, examines it as she talks.
42) 7) dialog: It's opening night of the last  depressing week of L. B. Jefferies  in a cast.
42) 10) dialog: (Smiling) That's because I bought out the house.  This cigarette box has seen better  days.
43) 0) text: Lisa facing Jeff in the chair.
43) 2) dialog: It's cracked -- and you never use  it. And it's too ornate. I'm sending  up a plain, flat silver one -- with  just your initials engraved.
43) 4) dialog: I wanted to, Jeff. (A sudden intake of  breath) Oh!
43) 6) dialog: What would you think of starting off  with dinner at the "21"?
45) 1) dialog: (Simply) Better than that. The "21."
47) 1) dialog: Thank you for waiting Carl.
47) 3) dialog: Kitchen's on the left. I'll take the  wine.
47) 8) dialog: (Up, to Carl) Just put everything right in the  oven Carl. On "low."
47) 10) dialog: (Enthusiastically) Let's open the wine now. It's a  Montrachet.
47) 13) dialog: Big enough?
47) 16) dialog: I couldn't think of anything more  boring and tiresome than what you've  been through. And the last week must  be the hardest.
47) 18) dialog: (Struggling with cork) Well, I'm going to make this a week  you'll never forget.
47) 19) text: Carl comes out of the kitchen carrying the empty warming  oven. He sets it down he sees Lisa struggling with the  corkscrew.
47) 21) text: She does. He takes out his own professional corkscrew, qu inserts it and levers the cork out. He deftly wraps the n around the bottle and pours the wine, replacing the bottl in the wine bucket. Lisa has opened her purse to produce  some money, in bills. She hands it to the waiter.
47) 22) dialog: This will take care of the taxi as  well.
47) 28) text: Carl goes up the stairs and out the door, while THE CAMER REMAINS on Lisa and Jeff. She picks up both glasses of wi and walks toward Jeff. She seats herself on the windowsil as she hands him his glass. We notice that the outside is considerably darker by now, and the lights are beginning come on in the various apartments outside. They raise the glasses in a silent toast, and sip the wine. THE CAMERA C IN until they are both in a tight TOW SHOT.
47) 29) dialog: What a day I've had!
47) 31) dialog: Not a bit. I was all morning in a  sales meeting. Then over to the  Waldorf for a quick drink with Madame  Dufresne -- just over from Paris.  With some spy reports. Back to the  "21" for lunch with the Harper's  Bazaar people -- that's when I ordered  dinner. Then two Fall showings --  twenty blocks apart. Then I had to  have a cocktail with Leland and Slim  Hayward -- we're trying to get his  next show. (Softly, looking up  to him) Then I had to dash back and change.
47) 33) dialog: (Seriously) She looked very cool. She had on a  mint green --
47) 35) dialog: And to think, I planted three nice  items about you in the columns today.
47) 37) dialog: You can't buy that kind of publicity.
47) 39) dialog: Someday you might want to open up  your own studio here.
47) 42) dialog: Jeff -- isn't it time you came home?  You could pick your assignment.
47) 44) dialog: Make the one you want.
47) 46) dialog: Yes.
47) 48) dialog: For yourself -- and me. (She adds eagerly) I could get you a dozen assignments  tomorrow... fashion, portraits --
47) 50) dialog: (Offended) Don't laugh. -- I could do it!
47) 52) dialog: I could see you looking handsome and  successful in a dark blue flannel  suit.
47) 55) dialog: I'd better start setting up for  dinner.
49) 0) text: Jeff leans forward with increased interest. Behind him we get vague figure of Lisa laying a cloth over the card tab
52) 0) text: Jeff gives a faint, sympathetic smile, and subconsciously raises his glass in response. In the background, Lisa, ha just placed a pair of candlesticks on the table, is retur to the kitchen.
54) 0) text: Jeff, his glass in hand, looks out sympathetically. He is unaware that Lisa is standing behind him, and is also wat this little drama.
54) 1) dialog: That's what is know as "manless  melancholia."
54) 3) dialog: Oh? You can see my apartment all the  way up on 63rd street?
55) 0) text: Jeff turns and looks up to Lisa with a grin.
55) 2) dialog: She's not in love with him -- or any  of them.
55) 4) dialog: You said it resembled my apartment,  didn't you?
63) 0) text: Jeff, listening to the composer. His head turns as Lisa's voice comes over:
63) 1) dialog: (Emerging from kitchen) Where's that music coming from?
63) 2) text: THE CAMERA QUICKLY PULL BACK as Jeff swings his chair aro Lisa is emerging from the kitchen, carrying the serving d of their lobster thermidor.
63) 4) dialog: (Putting down the  food) I think it's enchanting.
63) 6) dialog: Almost as if it were being written  especially for us.
64) 0) text: A faint shade of disappointment is seen on Lisa's face; b she quickly recovers and looks down at the table.
64) 1) dialog: Well, at least you can't say the  dinner isn't right.
66) 0) text: The brightness drains from Lisa's face, and she lowers he eyes slowly toward the table.
67) 0) text: Lisa slowly helping Jeff to lobster from the main dish.
68) 0) text: Shooting over Jeff's shoulder we see beyond him the divan bed upon which Lisa is stretched out. There is one light  burning, behind Lisa's head. A fierce discussion is in  progress. Lisa gesticulates with her hands, body and legs
68) 1) dialog: There can't be that much difference  between people and the way they live!  We all eat, talk, drink, laugh, sleep,  wear clothes --
68) 4) text: Lisa draws back one leg, and points a finger challengingl
68) 5) dialog: If you're saying all this just because  you don't want to tell me the truth,  because you're hiding something from  me, then maybe I can understand --
68) 7) dialog: (Won't let him break  in) It doesn't make sense to me. What's  so different about it here from over  there, or any place you go, that one  person couldn't live in both places  just as easily?
68) 9) dialog: (Ignores him) What is it but traveling from one  place to another, taking pictures?  It's just like being a tourist on an  endless vacation.
68) 11) dialog: It's ridiculous for you to say that  it can only be done by a special,  private little group of anointed  people.
70) 0) text: Lisa, stretched out on the divan. She looks at him for a  moment without speaking. Then:
70) 1) dialog: If your opinion is as rude as your  manner, I'm not sure I want to hear  it.
70) 4) dialog: (Something starts her  up again) You can't fit in here -- I can't fit  in there. According to you, people  should be born, live an die on the  same --
70) 6) text: Lisa turns on her side, and stares into the room, angrily
71) 2) dialog: Of course not.
72) 0) text: Lisa, still looking out into the room, and without turnin says:
72) 1) dialog: Oh, I do that all the time. Whenever  I have a few minutes after lunch.
72) 5) dialog: (Quickly) Three.
72) 8) dialog: If there's one thing I know, it's  how to wear the proper clothes.
73) 0) text: SHOOTING OVER LISA'S SHOULDER, and down her body, with Je in the chair beyond. Jeff says, as if remembering some ol experience:
73) 2) dialog: Jeff, you don't have to be  deliberately repulsive just to impress  me I'm wrong.
74) 0) text: Lisa realizes she is getting nowhere.
74) 1) dialog: You're too stubborn to argue with.
76) 0) text: Lisa, with sarcasm.
76) 1) dialog: I know. A lesser man would have told  me it was one long holiday -- and I  would have awakened to a rude  disillusionment.
78) 0) text: Lisa starts to rise from the divan, THE CAMERA PANNING UP She moves away from THE CAMERA into the center of the roo as she says:
78) 1) dialog: (Wearily) No. I don't particularly want that. (She turns, faces him) So that's it. You won't stay here --  I can't go with you.
80) 0) text: Lisa, from Jeff's viewpoint.
80) 1) dialog: You don't think either one of us  could ever change?
80) 3) text: Lisa begins to move around the room assembling her posses preparatory to leaving. She puts a comb, and other effect into a handbag. She gets her stole. All this as she talks.
80) 4) dialog: (Simply) I'm in love with you. I don't care  what you do for a living. Somehow I  would just like to be part of it.
82) 0) text: Lisa pauses in the act of gathering her things together.
82) 1) dialog: And it's deflating to find out that  the only way I can be part of it --  is to take out a subscription to  your magazine. I guess I'm not the  girl I thought I was.
82) 3) dialog: (Looks at Jeff) Not quite -- it seems. (Tosses a stole over  her shoulder) Goodbye, Jeff.
83) 2) dialog: I mean what I said.
84) 0) text: Lisa turns in the half-opened door.
84) 2) dialog: Without any future?
86) 0) text: Lisa, standing in the open doorway.
86) 1) dialog: Not for a long time. Not, at least  until -- (She begins smiling) -- tomorrow night.
87) 12) text: Jeff hangs up, looks up to the door through which Lisa le He's not particularly happy.
140) 0) text: The little dog emerges reluctantly from the shadows, and  steps into the basket. It begins to move upward, and THE  CAMERA FOLLOWS it. When the basket reaches the fire escap THE CAMERA PANS ON to the apartment of Miss Torso. She is the bathroom brushing her long hair, while her thoughts s to be far away. THE CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the apartment below, occupied by the elderly lady with the hearing aid. For the first time see something of her activities inside the apartment. She wears a short smock, although her legs are still bare. Sh is hard at work on a piece of abstract sculpture. It take the form of a piece of mahogany through which a simple ho has been carved. THE CAMERA MOVES ON much farther to the left, and eventua comes to rest on the newly-weds' apartment with the shade still drawn. It MOVES ON and at last passes though Jeff's window, and  comes to rest on the two bid heads of Jeff and Lisa. Her lips are brushing lightly against his cheek as she sp
140) 1) dialog: How far does a girl have to go --  before you notice her?
141) 1) dialog: Well, "ain't I?" -- Pay attention to  me.
142) 0) text: We are now able to see that Jeff's apartment is in darkne only faintly lit from the distant light of the neighbors' window. By her position, Lisa is seated on Jeff's sound k her arms around his neck.
142) 2) dialog: Your mind is. And when I want a man,  I want all of him.
142) 5) dialog: (Murmurs, kissing him) I have one now.
142) 7) dialog: (Kissing) Tell me about it.
142) 9) dialog: He likes the way his wife welcomes  him home.
142) 11) dialog: Homework. It's more interesting.
142) 13) dialog: Nothing, thank heaven.
142) 15) dialog: I wouldn't dare answer that.
142) 18) dialog: And I'm afraid it's with me.
142) 19) text: Lisa stands, straightens out her dress, stretches a littl then she turns to the divan, apparently not too intereste in his observation about the salesman's life.
142) 21) dialog: (Without returning  his look) Something too frightful to utter.
142) 22) text: Jeff is thoughtful for a moment, then he relaxes and smil a little. He turns to the window to look out again. Lisa  exits the picture.
143) 0) text: Lisa stretches herself out on the divan. Her head rest on the cushion at the far end, and she instinctively falls i an attractive pose. However, her expression is disturbed she watches Jeff.
145) 0) text: Lisa weighs this information, trying to make some sense o of it.
149) 0) text: Lisa leans forward and looks out the window to see what J is referring to. She turns back to him with a blank stare
151) 0) text: Lisa sits bolt upright on the divan. She reaches back qui and pulls on the overhead light. At that moment the songw returns to his composing. We can see him over Lisa's shou He is beginning his song again, and it has taken on new  fullness and melody. Although it is not complete, it is farther along then bef and he plays his theme a number of different ways, trying move it note by note to its completion. Lisa just stares at Jeff for a moment.
151) 1) dialog: Jeff -- I'll be honest with you --  you're beginning to scare me a little.
152) 0) text: Jeff is staring out of the window again. Over this we hea Lisa's voice:
152) 1) dialog: (Quietly insistent) Jeff -- did you hear what I said?  You're beginning to --
156) 0) text: Lisa, still stretched out on the divan looking at Jeff,  suddenly sits upright and then getting up from the divan, mover over to Jeff, THE CAMERA GOING WITH her. In a sudden surprise move, she swings his chair completel around so that his back is to the window. He drops the  binoculars into his lap in surprise. THE CAMERA MOVES IN Lisa leans over Jeff, gripping both sides of his chair
156) 1) dialog: (sharply) Jeff -- if you could only see  yourself.
156) 3) dialog: (Abruptly) Sitting around, looking out a window  to kill time, is one thing -- but  doing it the way you are --  (She gestures) -- with, with binoculars, and with  wild opinions about every little  movement you see -- is, is diseased!
156) 5) dialog: I don't know what you consider it --  but if you don't stop it, I'm getting  out of here.
156) 7) dialog: (Insistent) What is it you're looking for?
156) 9) dialog: What makes you think something's  wrong with her?
156) 10) dialog: A lot of things. She's an invalid  who needs constant care -- and yet  the husband nor anyone else has been  in there all day.
156) 11) dialog: Maybe she died.
156) 13) dialog: She could be under sedatives,  sleeping. (Looks up) He's in the room now.
156) 16) dialog: There's nothing to see.
156) 18) dialog: Maybe he's leaving his wife. I don't  know, and I don't care. Lots of people  have saws, knives and ropes around  their houses. Lots of men don't speak  to their wives all day. Lots of wives  nag, and men hate them, and trouble  starts -- but very, very, very few  of them end up in murder -- if that's  what you're thinking.
156) 20) dialog: You could see all the things he did,  couldn't you?
156) 22) dialog: You could see that he did because he  had the shades in his apartment up,  and walked along the corridor, and  the streets and the backyard?
156) 24) dialog: Jeff, do you think a murderer would  let you see all that? That he  shouldn't keep his shades down and  hide behind them?
156) 26) dialog: And that's where you're not being  clever. He wouldn't parade his crime  in front of the open shades.
156) 28) dialog: (Pointing) For all you know -- there's something  a lot more sinister going on behind  those shades.
158) 2) dialog: Don't you see how silly you're being?
158) 4) text: Lisa half looks up and out the window. She opens her mout to answer, but a new look overtakes her face. It is conce surprise, and a little shock. Jeff sees the change, is  sobered, and quickly turns the chair around. He looks out the window, using his binoculars.
160) 0) text: Jeff lowers the glasses. His look is sober. Lisa stands b him, one hand on the back of the wheelchair. She, too, is serious. THE CAMERA MOVES IN until Lisa's head fills the  screen. She says, slowly:
160) 1) dialog: Let's start from the beginning again,  Jeff. Tell me everything you saw --  and what you think it means.
164) 0) text: We get an impression of Sixth Avenue behind Lisa at the p Lisa also talks in a low, quiet voice.
164) 1) dialog: The name on the second floor rear  mailbox reads Mr. And Mrs. Lars,  that's L-A-R-S, Lars Thorwald.
164) 3) dialog: 125 West Ninth Street.
166) 0) text: Lisa smilingly says:
166) 1) dialog: Okay, chief. What's my next  assignment.
166) 3) dialog: All right -- but what's he doing  now?
234) 0) text: The door opens, and Lisa stands silhouetted in the entran black-lighted by the corridor lights. It's an attractive  picture.
236) 0) text: Jeff abruptly turns back to the window, as Lisa dashes in the picture behind him, and looks out. Jeff's expression  changes a little, as they see:
237) 0) text: The lights are out in Thorwald's bedroom, and Thorwald is the act of pouring himself out a drink in the living room He comes to the window, glass in hand, and looks down int the garden, nonchalantly. Over this, we HEAR Lisa's voice questioningly:
237) 1) dialog: It doesn't seem to be in any hurry.
238) 2) dialog: What about it?
238) 4) dialog: Someone not his wife?
239) 1) dialog: I wonder where he's going now?
239) 3) dialog: Suppose he doesn't come back again?
240) 0) text: Lisa moves toward a nearby lamp.
240) 1) dialog: Well, I guess it's safe to put on  some lights now.
240) 3) text: He picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on the stre intersection, as Lisa moves back to him.
242) 2) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as Lisa starts around the apartment turning on the lights. As she light increases, we see tha she is wearing another extravagantly beautiful dress. She seems quite animated, moving gracefully, her skirt and ha swinging with her movement. Jeff turns around to face the room.
242) 3) dialog: All day long I've tried to keep my  mind on work.
242) 5) dialog: (Nods yes) And you, and you friend Doyle -- (Stops, to Jeff) Did you hear from him again -- since  he left?
242) 9) dialog: It doesn't make sense to me.
242) 11) dialog: Women aren't that unpredictable.
242) 13) text: THE CAMERA CLOSES IN, Lisa stops, faces him. Her eyes spa and her body is tense with concentration.
242) 14) dialog: A woman has a favorite handbag -- it  always hangs on her bedpost where  she can get at it. Then she takes a  trip and leaves it behind. Why?
242) 17) dialog: But only her husband would know that. (Starts to pace again) And the jewelry! Women don't keep  all their jewelry in a purse, all  tangled, getting scratched and twisted  up.
242) 19) dialog: They do not! And they don't leave it  behind them. A woman going anywhere  but the hospital would always take  makeup, perfume and jewelry.
242) 21) dialog: Basic equipment. You don't leave it  behind in your husband's drawer in  your favorite handbag.
242) 23) dialog: That Mrs. Thorwald left at six ayem  yesterday with her husband?
242) 25) dialog: Well, I have a pat rebuttal for Mr.  Doyle -- that couldn't be Mrs.  Thorwald -- or I don't know women.
242) 27) dialog: We'll agree they saw a woman -- but  she wasn't Mrs. Thorwald. -- That  is, yet.
242) 31) dialog: I'd like to see your friend's face  when we tell him. He doesn't sound  like much of a detective.
242) 33) dialog: (Nuzzling Jeff) Don't rush me. We have all night.
242) 36) dialog: Night. I'm going to stay with you.
242) 39) dialog: I have the whole weekend off.
242) 41) text: Lisa smothers him with another kiss. She lets up.
242) 42) dialog: Say anything else, and I'll stay  tomorrow night too.
242) 47) dialog: You said I'd have to live out of one  suitcase (Picks up case) I'll bet yours isn't this small?
242) 49) dialog: (Starting to open it) A Mark Cross overnight case, anyway.  Compact, but ample enough.
242) 51) dialog: I'll trade you -- my feminine  intuition for a bed for the night.
242) 54) dialog: There's that song again.
244) 0) text: Lisa stands, listening, entranced.
244) 1) dialog: Where does a man get the inspiration  for a song like that?
244) 4) dialog: It's utterly beautiful. (Turns to Jeff) I wish I could be creative.
244) 6) dialog: (Happily) I do?
244) 9) dialog: Surprise -- is the most important  element of attack. (She smiles) And beside, you're not up on your  private eye literature. When they're  in trouble, it's always their Girl  Friday who gets them out of it.
244) 11) dialog: The same.
244) 13) dialog: (Stands up; deadpan) Weird. (She does a complete  spin, then,  ingenuously) Why don't I slip into something  comfortable?
244) 15) dialog: Exactly what I had in mind -- along  with some brandy.
246) 3) text: Doyle reaches for a cigarette on the table, and puts it t his lips. While searching his pockets for a match, he HEA Lisa humming. His eyes turn upward.
246) 4) text: Over the cabinet which divides the living room from the  kitchen, we can see a glimpse of Lisa's shadow on the cei
246) 7) text: From his viewpoint, Lisa's bag containing her lingerie an overnight effects.
251) 6) text: Doyle looks back toward Thorwald's bedroom. We see the da apartment beyond him. Doyle nods thoughtfully. He turns h head suddenly at the sound of Lisa coming out of the kitc She holds two large brandy snifters containing some brand They are cupped in her hand, the stem between her fingers She is rotating them gently toward the body to warm the  brandy. She is quite beautiful.
253) 1) dialog: I'm just warming some brandy.
253) 3) dialog: Mr. Doyle? -- I presume.
253) 8) text: Lisa smiles in return.
253) 9) dialog: We think Thorwald's guilty.
259) 6) text: He hands the receiver back to Jeff, who hangs up. Lisa co back in with her own brandy snifter, rotating it.
259) 7) dialog: The coffee will be ready soon. (Urgent) Jeff, aren't you going to tell him  about the jewelry?
259) 12) text: He turns his head to Lisa, who answers.
259) 13) dialog: It was in her favorite handbag --  And, Mr. Doyle, that can lead to  only one conclusion.
259) 18) text: His head moves back to Lisa as she answers with a touch o pride in her voice.
259) 19) dialog: It's just that women don't leave  jewelry behind when they go on a  trip.
260) 0) text: Jeff and Lisa stare at him in astonishment. Then Jeff  recovers, and answers with some anger:
262) 0) text: Lisa and Jeff. She replies with some sarcasm.
262) 1) dialog: Like disposing of their wives?
264) 3) text: Lisa cuts in spiritedly.
264) 4) dialog: You can't ignore the wife  disappearing! And the trunk -- and  the jewelry -- !
266) 0) text: Jeff and Lisa.
266) 1) dialog: It might have been a woman -- but it  couldn't have been Mrs. Thorwald.  That jewelry --
267) 0) text: Doyle comes up to the CAMERA, looking at Lisa.
268) 0) text: Jeff is resentful of Doyle's comments to Lisa.
270) 0) text: Lisa speaks again with continuing sarcasm:
270) 1) dialog: Of course, it's normal for a man to  tie his trunk up with a heavy rope.
271) 2) dialog: (Off) Didn't you take it to the crime lab?
273) 0) text: Doyle, with a studied, gracious gesture, to Lisa.
274) 0) text: Lisa answers, but very coldly:
274) 1) dialog: I would say that is looked as if she  wasn't coming back.
276) 0) text: The overnight case, with Lisa's lingerie.
278) 2) text: Lisa looks down at Jeff, not comprehending.
280) 0) text: Neither Jeff or Lisa display even the slightest friendlin Their faces are cold and set. Then Lisa speaks, icily:
280) 1) dialog: You're through with the case?
282) 0) text: Jeff and Lisa remain unmoved.
284) 0) text: Jeff and Lisa deadpan.
286) 0) text: Lisa, still burning:
286) 1) dialog: I hate funny exit lines.
290) 0) text: Lisa and Jeff. Jeff turns his chair around, and looks out the neighborhood. Lisa stands glumly behind him.
292) 0) text: None of the gaiety is reflected in Lisa and Jeff. Some ne music is heard coming across the courtyard and Jeff turns toward it with some irritation.
294) 0) text: Lisa is not looking in the same direction as Jeff. All du this, she has been staring out at Thorwald's apartment. N her eyes are looking at the apartment underneath. She mur to Jeff:
294) 1) dialog: Look.
296) 0) text: Lisa turns away from Jeff's chair to get a cigarette from the table. She lights it, as Jeff turns his chair back to the room.
296) 4) dialog: I'm not much on rear window ethics.
296) 6) dialog: (Turns to him) Jeff -- if anybody walked in here, I  don't think they'd believe what they  see.
296) 8) dialog: You and me with long faces -- plunged  into despair -- because we find out  that a man didn't kill his wife.  We're two of the most frightening  ghouls I've ever known.
296) 10) dialog: You'd think we could be a little bit  happy that the poor woman is alive  and well.
296) 12) dialog: Whatever happened to that old saying  "Love Thy Neighbor."
296) 15) dialog: (As she get up) Not if I have to move into an  apartment across the courtyard and  do the dance of the seven veils once  an hour. (As she lowers the  blinds) Show's over for tonight.
296) 17) dialog: Preview -- of the coming attractions.
296) 19) dialog: Did Mr. Doyle think I stole this  case.
297) 1) dialog: (Softly) What do you think?
297) 3) dialog: I'll rephrase the question.
297) 5) text: Lisa holds out the folds of her kimono.
297) 6) dialog: Do you like it?
297) 8) text: Lisa turns playfully toward the kitchen.
297) 9) dialog: I'll be right back.
297) 10) text: Blood-curdling scream from the courtyard outside suddenly cuts through the night. Startled, both Jeff and Lisa move quickly for the window Lisa lifting the blinds up. The long scream subsides into near-hysterical sobbing.
298) 1) text: Lisa and Jeff at the window, looking out, startled.
299) 0) text: Jeff and Lisa are at the window. He is holding on of hand Jeff speaks without looking up.
299) 2) dialog: But you're not?
301) 0) text: Lisa looks down at Jeff.
301) 1) dialog: Why would Thorwald want to kill a  dog? (Almost a laugh) Because it knew too much?
301) 2) text: He nods solemnly and then turns back to the window, as bo he and Lisa look again towards
303) 0) text: Jeff, Stella and Lisa are grouped at the window, looking  out. THE CAMERA is behind them. Jeff holds the long-focus lens to his eye.
304) 2) dialog: Is he cleaning house?
305) 0) text: We now see their faces. Jeff lowers the camera with a lon focus lens. Neither he nor Lisa make any comment. Finally Stella blurts out:
305) 2) text: Lisa turns away from the window.
305) 3) dialog: Stella, your choice of words --
306) 2) text: He turns halfway around, and points. We see Lisa moving b him toward the shelf. He adds:
306) 4) text: He turns back to the window, holding out his right hand t the side, waiting for the box and viewer. The CAMERA PULL BACK a little as Lisa comes up, and places the box and vi in his hand. He opens the box, which contains color slide and holds one or two of the slides up to the light. Lisa  looks down at him curiously and Stella comes forward from the background.
306) 6) text: Puts the other slides to one side and puts the selected o onto the viewer, with sounds of satisfaction. As he lifts the viewer to his eyes Lisa asks impatiently:
306) 7) dialog: Jeff -- what are you looking for?
306) 13) text: He takes the viewer from his eye, hands it to Lisa.
307) 0) text: Lisa raises the viewer to her eye.
309) 0) text: Jeff looks up to a puzzled Lisa.
309) 2) dialog: It's just a picture of the backyard,  that's all.
311) 0) text: All three ease back in awe. Lisa, still looking out, says
311) 1) dialog: (Breathing it) Mrs. Thorwald!
311) 4) text: Jeff and Lisa slowly turn their heads to look out at the  garden.
312) 2) dialog: (Cuts in) Stella, please.
313) 2) dialog: (Has a hard time saying  it) It could be -- the knife, and the  saw.
313) 4) dialog: No -- let's wait. Let's wait until  it gets dark. I'll go over and dig  it up!
313) 5) text: Halfway through Lisa's speech, Jeff begins speaking.
313) 7) text: THE CAMERA EASES BACK to allow Lisa to sit on the divan, Jeff turn his chair toward her. Stella still look out the window, thinking.
313) 11) text: Jeff whips back to the window; Lisa turns to look.
315) 0) text: Jeff is staring out, gripping his chair tightly. There is touch of desperation on his face. He looks down at the  flowers, briefly, then swings around abruptly. He wheels  away from the camera to the wall cabinet. We see him take piece of notepaper, a pencil and an envelope. He puts a name on the envelope, and then proceeds to writ something on the sheet of paper. Stella and Lisa edge up  behind him, and look down at what he is writing.
318) 0) text: The alleyway and street. Just regular traffic. Suddenly Lisa comes into the picture from the left. She i carrying a white envelope. She stops, waves her hands at  Jeff, smiles, and then hurries on. The lens slowly pans t the right and stops on Miss Torso's apartment. She is sta on a small stepladder, nailing curtains above her window. Her legs are bare, though she wears high-heel shoes. We d not see more than half-way up her thighs. The lens takes  this in for the briefest split-second of hesitancy then m on to await the arrival of Lisa along Thorwald's corridor She does not appear yet. The lens moves back to get anoth glimpse of Miss Torso, who is now descending the ladder. is wearing a leotard. Over this, we hear Stella's voice:
318) 2) text: The lens quickly swings back to Thorwald's corridor. Lisa is seen turning the corner, and approaching Thorwald door on tiptoe.
320) 0) text: Lisa approaches the door of Thorwald's apartment. The sal comes into the living room. He finds a package of cigaret extracts one, and lights it. Lisa kneels down, and carefu slides the letter under the door. At this moment, Thorwald extinguishes the match, tosses i into an ashtray, and turns toward the door. He freezes as sees the letter on the floor. This momentary hesitation a Lisa to straighten up, turn, and walk carefully but swift away. Thorwald moves rapidly toward the door. He bends do scoops up the letter, and examines it briefly. Lisa is ju turning out of sight at the end of the corridor, as Thorw throws open the door. He looks and sees no one. He takes few questioning steps down the corridor, then stops to ex the letter again. Slowly he turns and makes his way back the apartment, tearing open the envelope.
326) 0) text: Lisa suddenly appears at the ground floor door below  Thorwald's. She hides, pressing back against the wall ten In the corridor above, Thorwald returns, frustrated. He c out onto the fire escape directly above Lisa. She is awar of him, and immediately retreats into the doorway. She  disappears down the lower corridor, as Thorwald searches fire escape.
332) 0) text: Lisa comes in, panting and flushed. She stands a second a the door, catching her breath, but smiling with the pleas of sampling danger and escaping unharmed.
332) 1) dialog: Wasn't that close?
332) 4) dialog: What was his reaction? I mean when  he looked at the note?
333) 0) text: As Lisa comes up to the two of them.
333) 2) text: Lisa comes close to Jeff, speaks warmly.
333) 3) dialog: Jeff -- how did I do?
333) 8) text: It relieves the slight friction, as both Jeff and Lisa la Lisa happens to look toward the window, and the laugh die
333) 9) dialog: Jeff -- the handbag.
335) 2) dialog: (Excited) And the last thing she'd leave behind  would be her wedding ring! (To Stella) Do you ever leave yours at home?
335) 5) dialog: Why not? I always wanted to meet  Mrs. Thorwald.
335) 12) dialog: Jeff, if you're squeamish, just don't  look.
335) 17) text: Lisa moves for the phone book on the stand near the kitch
335) 18) dialog: What for?
335) 20) text: Lisa hands him the book.
335) 24) dialog: How?
335) 26) dialog: Shall we vote him in, Stella?
335) 28) text: The two women smile. Jeff picks up the phone and dials Ch 2-7099. The women watch him tensely. He holds the receive away from his ear a little, and the buzzer is heard sound on filter. Lisa looks toward Thorwald's apartment; then  Stella; then Jeff.
336) 16) dialog: (Over) Let's go, Stella.
337) 0) text: Jeff turns his wheelchair halfway around as Lisa and Stel start quickly for the door, THE CAMERA PANNING THEM acros the room. They pause at the sound of Jeff's voice.
341) 0) text: Lisa is in the courtyard directly below Jeff's window. She has reached the stairway leading up and to the right. She looks, waves at Jeff as Stella comes up to her carryi a shovel. The two women hurry up the stairs toward the ir ladder they will use to climb the wall between Jeff's yar and that of Thorwald's.
343) 0) text: Lisa has climbed over the wall and is helping Stella down into Thorwald's yard. The shovel is lying on the ground b Lisa. Jeff's conversation continues over the action of th two women.
343) 8) text: Jeff hangs up. Stella is now beginning to dig, carefully  lifting the flowers off the center of the bed where they dipped down. She places the flower plants on the sidewalk Lisa stands facing Jeff's window and occasionally glances over her shoulder uneasily at Stella's work. At this moment, the sounds of musical instruments begin t be heard from the songwriter's apartment.
347) 0) text: Stella is busy, expertly handling the shovel. Lisa has he back to the nurse, but looks apprehensively over her shou She then looks up toward Jeff's apartment.
351) 0) text: The alleyway and street intersection, with normal night  traffic, but no sign of Thorwald. THE CAMERA LENS PANS ac and down to the hole being dug by Stella. We get an impre of Lisa's legs as we go by. The spade comes out of the ho and rests on the side. THE CAMERA LENS PANS up just in ti to catch Stella turning up to Jeff. She throws out a help hand and shakes her head. "Nothing."
353) 0) text: Lisa glances up to Thorwald's apartment. She turns and  gestures some instructions to Stella. Then she looks up a Jeff and gestures her intention to enter Thorwald's apart She turns and dashes toward Thorwald's fire escape as Ste makes a fruitless grab to restrain her.
354) 2) text: He looks quickly toward the intersection and then right b to Lisa. Apparently no sight of Thorwald.
355) 0) text: While Lisa starts up the fire escape, we see Stella runni toward the wall in the foreground to climb over it. Stell has abandoned the shovel and left the flowers and dirt st over the walk.
356) 0) text: Jeff, tense and wide-eyed, watches Lisa climb the fire es
357) 0) text: Lisa climbs the fire escape to the second floor and the  outside of Thorwald's apartment. She tries, unsuccessfully, to get through the window whic opens into the kitchen from the fire escape. And then, wi some difficulty, stretches and succeeds in getting in thr the living room window, which is open. She goes directly the bedroom and we see her bending over one of the suitca
359) 0) text: Lisa turns from the suitcase with the alligator handbag i her hand. There is an expression of triumph on her face. opens it and her expression changes to dismay. She looks  toward Jeff's apartment and, to communicate her dismay, s turns the handbag upside down. Nothing falls out. Empty.
361) 0) text: Lisa has dropped the bag on the bed and is now looking ar the bedroom, looking for some place to start searching fo the jewelry. She moves quickly to the dresser and begins  opening the drawers to check them. She finds nothing.
367) 0) text: At the bottom of the picture, Miss Lonely Hearts is still listening to the music, while in the apartment above Lisa appears into the living room from behind the doorway that leads to the bedroom. She looks across to the source of t music. She is as arrested by the melody as Miss Lonely He Then looking across to Jeff, she holds up her hands  triumphantly to show him the jewelry she has discovered. this point, Thorwald appears coming along the corridor of his apartment house! Lisa is completely unaware of his  approach.
369) 0) text: Thorwald at the door, unlocking it with his key. We see t Lisa has heard the sound, and looks toward the door, all frozen with alarm. The Policeman on the phone repeats wit studied irritation:
369) 2) text: Lisa dashes back into the bedroom just in time to avoid b seen by Thorwald as he opens the door and enters the  apartment.
371) 0) text: Thorwald crosses the living room, and goes into the bedro Suddenly he looks onto the bed. He picks up the open alli handbag. He turns, facing the window, looking down at the bag. He looks up in the direction of the living room. The suddenly his whole frame stiffens, his head turns a littl further around to his right. He is looking directly at Li who is out of our sight in the corner of the bedroom. He  holds out the bag, and without moving, starts to question the unseen Lisa. He takes a little step forward, and his  head begins to turn slightly to the left as Lisa begins t emerge into the living room, backing away slowly. By her  gestures, and nervous laughter, she appears to be offerin lame excuse for being found in his apartment. He comes towards her, and enters the living room as well. Lisa edging toward the door, points to it as she apparent argues with him as to the way she came in. He points to the window. She makes one more step toward t door, but Thorwald reaches out quickly and grabs her by t wrist. He twists it brutally, and flings her sideways int the sofa beneath the window. Her head snaps back against head rest. With his right hand he throws the handbag acro the room in anger, and with his left open-palmed he deman something from Lisa. Slowly her right hand comes up and opens. He takes the jewelry from her, looks at it for a surprise moment, puts it into his coat pocket. He reaches down wit both hands, and by the wrists jerks her to her feet. He i talking viciously to her. We can hear Lisa calling out  faintly: "Jeff! Jeff!" Thorwald suddenly looks out at the neighborhood. He reali that somebody might be watching him. He drags her across room, reaches up with one arm, and the lights go off. The faint light from the bedroom illuminates their struggle, not clearly.
374) 0) text: Two policemen move quickly and professionally up the corr toward Thorwald's apartment. They stop at the door, liste moment, and then push the buzzer insistently. Inside the  apartment, lights go on, and Thorwald is in the center of the room looking toward the door. Lisa staggers away from him, trying to rearrange her clothes and her hair. She is surprised at the interruption as Thorwald. He listens, lo back questioningly toward Lisa, then goes to the door. He passes into the kitchen.
380) 0) text: Thorwald is displaying indignation and complaint to the p as he nods his head vigorously toward Lisa. At this the p start to advance into the apartment, going directly for L She flashes a quick look toward Jeff's window. She turns  back as the first policeman reaches her. He starts to que her.
382) 0) text: We see Lisa start to excuse her presence in the same mann she used with Thorwald previously, as if to say she came  into the apartment by mistake. Thorwald, listening, comes quickly forward to contradict her, vigorously. He holds o the jewelry in his hand, and then picks up and shows the  empty handbag. The policeman, impressed, looks back to Li for an explanation. She has none. Over this we hear Stell frantically asking:
382) 5) text: The first policeman indicates that Lisa is to come along  with him. He pauses momentarily to tell the second police to take a statement from Thorwald about the attempted  burglary. The second policeman reaches for the jewelry in Thorwald's hand, and takes it for examination. In the bri pause while the two policemen speak to each other, Lisa s to wave her left hand behind her back.
384) 2) text: THE LENS PANS UPWARD AND ACROSS until it brings Thorwald' profile into the picture. He is looking down directly at  Lisa's hands. His head slowly turns, and he looks right u directly into the lens. Suddenly he becomes aware that Li is signaling to someone who is watching him.
399) 0) text: He looks again for a weapon, and almost by instinct he  snatches up his flash holder and the small packet of bulb he had taken out to signal Lisa earlier. He tries to move his wheelchair farther into the shadows. His eyes are glu to the door of his apartment, and his senses are sharp as hunting dog's. He scarcely breathes.
414) 0) text: Jeff ejects a bulb, puts his last bulb into the flash hol He tries to move the wheelchair a little further away fro Thorwald. Then he raises the flash holder again. In b.g. we see: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the detectives co to Thorwald's door, try it. Locked. One of the men steps forward with a flat steel jimmy and  snaps the lock open. They move quickly into the darkened  apartment. Doyle hits the lights inside the kitchen. The  group goes into the living room. The lights go on. No sig of Thorwald. Doyle, Lisa and Stella instinctively turn an look toward Jeff's apartment.
417) 0) text: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the two detectives, crossing  Thorwald's yard, see Jeff going out the window. Lisa is  panicked.
417) 1) dialog: Jeff! Jeff!
418) 0) text: From Doyle's viewpoint, Jeff hanging out the window and  Thorwald hammering at his hands and arms with bare fists. Doyle pushes Lisa to one side and starts to scale the wal preceded by the two detectives.
422) 0) text: Doyle pulling himself to the top of the wall. Lisa, Stell and the two men below, looking up. Lisa is white-faced an frightened.
431) 0) text: The two detectives ahead of Doyle are moving up below the window. Lisa stand looking up, her hands at the sides of head, frozen with panic.
434) 0) text: People rush to their windows, looking out at the exciteme Some people on the ground floor come out into the yard. D and the two detectives come into the patio beneath Jeff. Doyle directs them to improvise something to break Jeff's fall -- leaves, greenery, their coats, cushions from the  patio furniture -- anything they can find. The four unifo policemen rush into the backyard. Lisa and Stella come ov the wall into the patio beneath Jeff. They look up at Jef encouraging him to hold on. A detective goes into Jeff's cellar door, trying to reach his apartment before Jeff loses his grip. The siffleuse and her husband are standing on the fire es in plain, almost somber clothes. They watch expressionles Beneath them the empty basket which once held their dog s silently in the night air.
435) 0) text: Jeff, hanging from his windowsill. He loses his grip and  plunges down into the patio below. Two detectives throw  themselves beneath him. They are knocked to the ground as Jeff's fall tumbles both of them. After Jeff hits, he lie still, twisted over to one side. Doyle and Lisa rush over to Jeff. There is an audible SOUND of shock in the neighborhood as Jeff has fallen --  various oh's, ah's, and possibly a stifled scream or two.
436) 0) text: Lisa kneels down, cradles Jeff's head in her lap. There a tears in her eyes. Her clothes are disheveled and her dre torn. Her hair is disarranged. But withal, her face is as beautiful as ever, with love.
436) 1) dialog: Jeff -- Jeff darling!
436) 3) dialog: (To the detectives) Get an ambulance. (Down to Jeff) Don't move. Try to lie still.
436) 5) dialog: (Affectionately) Shut up. I'm all right.
439) 1) text: Thorwald's apartment is empty, stripped of its furnishing Two painters are repainting the walls. The siffleuse and her husband are on their fire escape,  training a new white dog to ride in their basket. Miss Torso is practicing her ballet again. She wears a wh leotard. The sound of someone at the door interrupts her. She goes to the door, opens it an inch or two cautiously. When she sees who is outside, she throws open the door. A innocuous, unhandsome and somewhat shy army private enter with a barracks bag slung over one shoulder. She kisses h fondly after closing the door. He puts down the barracks  bag, tosses his hat into a chair and, with the attitude o man who belongs there, goes to the icebox to see what's t eat. The newlyweds are arguing. The CAMERA PANS past Jeff who is asleep in his wheelchair facing away from the window. CAMERA MOVES DOWN to the low part of his body and we see that both his legs are now in casts. The CAMERA LIFTS SLIGHTLY to show Lisa sitting on sofa nearby. She wears Levis and a plaid cotton shirt. Sh is reading a book on travel. She looks up briefly at Jeff When she realizes he is asleep, she puts down the travel  book and reaches for the latest copy of Harper's Bazaar. settles down to study it as we