218) 0) text: The long-focus lens brings Miss Lonely Hearts into an enl picture which reveals details we have not previously noti A pair of ill-fitting, horn-rimmed reading glasses rest h way down her nose, and she has to tilt her head back slig as she applies lip-stick, with their aid. Satisfied, she takes off the glasses, and examines her fa as a whole, through squinting eyes. She has faded good lo has fairly nice clothes, but is badly in need of advice o hair dressing. Her hair-do makes her seem middle-aged. Sh reaches for a tall glass of liquor next to her, and takes long drink. Putting the glass down, she squints to see if she has disturbed the lipstick. Unable to see clearly, sh puts on the glasses again, looks, and touches up her lips slightly. She puts her glasses in a handbag, then stands to put out the lights. She walks into the living room, finishing the drink. The long-focus lens moves with her. She goes strai for a bottle of liquor, and pours out a final neat slug, tosses it off. Then she leaves the apartment, with a show determination. She turns out the lights behind her.
224) 0) text: We are now given a waist-high shot as the focus is adjust by Jeff. The figure is that of Miss Lonely Hearts. She se to be trying to figure out what to do, or where to go. Sh nervously looks at a couple of men passers by. Getting no reaction, she crosses the street, and seats herself at an empty table in front of the cafe. She orders a drink. She is suddenly blotted out by a figure of a man who ente the picture from the left side. He is much nearer the len because he is on this side of the street. He is, therefor slightly out of focus. The lens suddenly sharpens. It is  Thorwald, carrying a light-weight cardboard box under his arm. THE CAMERA PANS him over to the right until he is lo behind the building.
295) 0) text: A light has gone on in Miss Lonely Hearts' apartment. They look. Surprise of surprises, she has returned with a lover hooked. He is much younger then she, and a little m keyed up to the promise of an adventure still fresh to hi Her actions are coy, and over-feminine. She slips away from his hasty embraces and exploratory ki with the proper flush of confusion and nervous giggle tha seems to say, "It's quite a surprise you find me so desir but me mustn't do anything improper, you know. After all, we're practically strangers -- and what would you think o me?" She pours a drink for each of them with gestures over-gen As she sips her drink and look at him over the rim of the glass, he tosses his off with nervous dispatch. He moves toward her, this time more cautiously. An embrac a long kiss. She puts her drink down on the edge of the c It spills over onto the rug. He begins kissing her cheek, her ear, her neck. Suddenly and fiercely she pushes him away. Slaps him acro the face. He moves back with shock as she loudly and  emphatically orders him out, out, out. He flushes with an and embarrassment, and his mouth twists into unpleasant s as he slaps degrading words back at her, telling her what she is. She screams at him to get out. He leaves, slammin the door behind him. She goes back dumbly to the spilled liquor, makes a futil effort to clean it up, and the collapses onto the rug sob hard enough to shake her whole body.
298) 10) text: Lying near the sidewalk in the backyard below the couple' fire escape, is the silent body of the little dog they ow Miss Lonely Hearts comes running out of the basement door She goes directly to the dog, picks it up in her arms. Th she slowly turns and looks up at the sobbing woman above  her.
298) 19) text: Miss Lonely Hearts puts the dog in the basket, and watche as the husband draws it slowly up.
330) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts' apartment. She has opened a small bro bottle, and taken out four red capsules which she places the white table cloth of her little table. There is a candle burning in a holder, and other lamps al light the apartment. She is dressed in sedate street clot She sits at the table, and by the light of the candle pro to open a black-covered book, and read it. The print is f She bends over it a moment, looks up at the capsules, and returns to the book. She seems quite at peace. Stella and Jeff are heard over:
349) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts is sitting on the sofa, writing a note with a pad on her knee. Next to her, on the table, the pi are still in evidence.
363) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts is in the act of popping an envelope u against the table lamp on the table next to the sofa. From the same table, she takes a pill bottle and empties contents into her left hand. Replacing the bottle, she pi up a glass of water.
367) 0) text: At the bottom of the picture, Miss Lonely Hearts is still listening to the music, while in the apartment above Lisa appears into the living room from behind the doorway that leads to the bedroom. She looks across to the source of t music. She is as arrested by the melody as Miss Lonely He Then looking across to Jeff, she holds up her hands  triumphantly to show him the jewelry she has discovered. this point, Thorwald appears coming along the corridor of his apartment house! Lisa is completely unaware of his  approach.
392) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts is standing in the yard outside her  apartment, looking up to the porch of Miss Torso. The bal dancer is in high heels and a fresh summer dress.
392) 3) dialog: (Nods yes) I'm glad I was here when he played  it.
439) 0) text: Beginning on Jeff's window thermometer, the CAMERA PANS F RIGHT TO LEFT around the neighborhood. In the songwriter's apartment we see the songwriter with guest -- Miss Lonely Hearts. Both in dress and manner she seems quite happy and adjusted to life. The songwriter is placing the first recording of his new song on a record p for her to hear. It is a full symphonic arrangement which heard over. 