116) 0) text: THE CAMERA PANS slightly over the whole of the neighborho The lights in Miss Torso's apartment snap out. Only one l remains. It burns behind the drawn shades of the salesman apartment.
118) 0) text: It is now mid-morning. The sun is shining. Miss Torso is  practicing her dance to the sound of ballet music. We can hear the song-writer at work, but the thing that  attracts our attention mostly, is some action that emanat from the fire escape where the couple sleep at night. On long rope, the woman is lowering an open wicker basket in which sits a small dog. When is reaches the yard below, t CAMERA PANNING DOWN, the dog steps out and runs off to ex the yard. The woman pulls up the basket, and leaves it on the fire escape. The CAMERA PULL BACK into Jeff's apartme where Stella is busy massaging Jeff's back at he lies fac down on the divan.
140) 0) text: The little dog emerges reluctantly from the shadows, and  steps into the basket. It begins to move upward, and THE  CAMERA FOLLOWS it. When the basket reaches the fire escap THE CAMERA PANS ON to the apartment of Miss Torso. She is the bathroom brushing her long hair, while her thoughts s to be far away. THE CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the apartment below, occupied by the elderly lady with the hearing aid. For the first time see something of her activities inside the apartment. She wears a short smock, although her legs are still bare. Sh is hard at work on a piece of abstract sculpture. It take the form of a piece of mahogany through which a simple ho has been carved. THE CAMERA MOVES ON much farther to the left, and eventua comes to rest on the newly-weds' apartment with the shade still drawn. It MOVES ON and at last passes though Jeff's window, and  comes to rest on the two bid heads of Jeff and Lisa. Her lips are brushing lightly against his cheek as she sp
147) 0) text: Miss Torso is lying, face down, on her divan bed. The onl light in the apartment is from a reading lamp. She is rea a book held in one hand, while eating a sandwich in anoth Her back is bare, and all she wears is a pair of brief da blue shorts. At one point, she lifts her torso up slightl to brush crumbs out from beneath her.
148) 0) text: He looks away from Miss Torso, thoughtfully.
178) 0) text: Miss Torso, in ballet outfit, is hanging up a small wash a clothes line. It consists mostly of lingerie. She is do her inevitable leg practice at the same time. THE CAMERA PANS OVER SUDDENLY TO Thorwald's apartment, an except for the smoke rising from the unseen sofa, there i no activity.
212) 0) text: Miss Torso, in ballet costume, practicing her dance on th outside balcony. She is exciting and desirable.
213) 2) text: Startled at being observed, Doyle moves quickly away from the window, affecting nonchalance. THE CAMERA MOVES BACK Doyle returns to his drink. Jeff smiles at catching Doyle enjoying Miss Torso.
222) 0) text: Miss Torso, and a male partner whom we have not seen befo are practicing a pas a deux. He is a tall flowing-haired  young man, lithe and graceful beyond normal masculine  capacity. They stop, at one point, to listen to a word of comment f a woman who is watching. By her gestures, she is obviousl professional choreographer. THE CAMERA PANS from this to the street beyond. Standing there, on the sidewalk, looking up and down the  street is a Kelly Green clad figure.
293) 0) text: Miss Torso's apartment has the door closed, and all that can see of her, as she is lying on the divan, is her legs swinging in arcs as she exercise to record music.
298) 7) text: Miss Torso, pulling a around her, comes out onto her porc and looks to her left.
298) 24) text: Miss Torso goes back to her apartment.
318) 0) text: The alleyway and street. Just regular traffic. Suddenly Lisa comes into the picture from the left. She i carrying a white envelope. She stops, waves her hands at  Jeff, smiles, and then hurries on. The lens slowly pans t the right and stops on Miss Torso's apartment. She is sta on a small stepladder, nailing curtains above her window. Her legs are bare, though she wears high-heel shoes. We d not see more than half-way up her thighs. The lens takes  this in for the briefest split-second of hesitancy then m on to await the arrival of Lisa along Thorwald's corridor She does not appear yet. The lens moves back to get anoth glimpse of Miss Torso, who is now descending the ladder. is wearing a leotard. Over this, we hear Stella's voice:
392) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts is standing in the yard outside her  apartment, looking up to the porch of Miss Torso. The bal dancer is in high heels and a fresh summer dress.
392) 1) dialog: (Faintly heard) Have you heard that song he's been  writing?
392) 2) text: She indicates the song-writer's apartment. Miss Lonely He turns, looks up at the studio apartment a moment, then lo up at Miss Torso.
439) 1) text: Thorwald's apartment is empty, stripped of its furnishing Two painters are repainting the walls. The siffleuse and her husband are on their fire escape,  training a new white dog to ride in their basket. Miss Torso is practicing her ballet again. She wears a wh leotard. The sound of someone at the door interrupts her. She goes to the door, opens it an inch or two cautiously. When she sees who is outside, she throws open the door. A innocuous, unhandsome and somewhat shy army private enter with a barracks bag slung over one shoulder. She kisses h fondly after closing the door. He puts down the barracks  bag, tosses his hat into a chair and, with the attitude o man who belongs there, goes to the icebox to see what's t eat. The newlyweds are arguing. The CAMERA PANS past Jeff who is asleep in his wheelchair facing away from the window. CAMERA MOVES DOWN to the low part of his body and we see that both his legs are now in casts. The CAMERA LIFTS SLIGHTLY to show Lisa sitting on sofa nearby. She wears Levis and a plaid cotton shirt. Sh is reading a book on travel. She looks up briefly at Jeff When she realizes he is asleep, she puts down the travel  book and reaches for the latest copy of Harper's Bazaar. settles down to study it as we