23) 0) text: Jeff is seated in the foreground, in a waist shot. Behind him, the entrance door to his apartment opens. STELLA McGAFFERY comes in. She is a husky, unhandsome, da haired woman who is dressed like a district nurse, with d coat, dark felt hat, with a white uniform showing underne the coat. She carries a small black bag. Stella pauses on the landing to watch Jeff. He doesn't ap to notice her entrance.
23) 1) dialog: (Loud) The New York State sentence for a  peeping Tom is six months in the  workhouse!
23) 5) dialog: And there aren't any windows in the  workhouse.
23) 7) dialog: Years ago, they used to put out your  eyes with a hot poker. Is one of  those bikini bombshells you always  watch worth a hot poker?
23) 9) dialog: We've grown to be a race of peeping  Toms. What people should do is stand  outside their own houses and look in  once in a while. (She looks up at him) What do you think of that for homespun  philosophy?
23) 12) dialog: Well, I only quote from the best.
24) 3) dialog: See it you can break a hundred.
24) 5) dialog: I shoulda been a Gypsy fortune teller,  instead of an insurance company nurse.  I got a nose for trouble -- can smell  it ten miles away. (Stops, looks at him) You heard of the stock market crash  in '29?
24) 7) dialog: I predicted it.
25) 0) text: Stella stops for a moment, and looks at Jeff challengingl
25) 1) dialog: Simple. I was nursing a director of  General Motors. Kidney ailment they  said. Nerves, I said. Then I asked  myself -- what's General Motors got  to be nervous about? (Snaps her fingers) Overproduction. Collapse, I answered.  When General Motors has to go to the  bathroom ten times a day -- the whole  country's ready to let go.
26) 2) dialog: It crashed, didn't it?
27) 0) text: Stella goes on with her work.
27) 1) dialog: I can smell trouble right in this  apartment. You broke your leg. You  look out the window. You see things  you shouldn't. Trouble. I can see  you now, in front of the judge,  flanked by lawyers in blue double- breasted suits. You're pleading,  "Judge, it was only innocent fun. I  love my neighbors like a father." --  The Judge answers, "Congratulations.  You just gave birth to three years  in Dannemora."
27) 4) dialog: (Flatly) You've got a hormone deficiency.
27) 6) dialog: Those sultry sun-worshipers you watch  haven't raised your temperature one  degree in four weeks.
28) 0) text: The CAMERA is very low at one end of the divan. Jeff's he half-buried in the sheet, is large in the fore-ground. Beyond him Stella looms large and powerful-looking.
28) 2) text: Stella takes a handful of oil, slaps it on his back. He  winces.
28) 3) dialog: I knew it!
28) 5) dialog: Gives your circulation something to  fight. (Begins massaging his  back) What kind of trouble?
28) 7) dialog: You must be kidding. A beautiful  young woman, and you a reasonably  healthy specimen of manhood.
28) 9) dialog: That's normal.
28) 11) dialog: (Slaps cold oils on  him) That's abnormal.
28) 13) dialog: Nonsense. A man is always ready for  marriage -- with the right girl. And  Lisa Fremont is the right girl for  any man with half a brain, who can  get one eye open.
28) 16) dialog: Behind every ridiculous statement is  always hidden the true cause. (Peers at him) What is it? You have a fight?
28) 18) dialog: (After a pause) Her father loading up the shotgun?
28) 20) dialog: It's happened before, you know! Some  of the world's happiest marriage  have started 'under the gun' you  might say.
28) 22) dialog: She's only perfect.
28) 24) dialog: (Cautiously) Is what you want something you can  discuss?
28) 27) dialog: People with sense can belong wherever  they're put.
28) 29) text: Stella sprinkles powder on his back, spreads it around. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK as she helps Jeff to a sitting posi He buttons on his shirt.
28) 30) dialog: You're never going to marry?
28) 34) dialog: I can just hear you now. "Get out of  here you perfect, wonderful woman!  You're too good for me!"
28) 37) dialog: Look, Mr. Jefferies. I'm not educated.  I'm not even sophisticated. But I  can tell you this -- when a man and  a woman see each other, and like  each other -- they should come  together -- wham like two taxies on  Broadway. Not sit around studying  each other like specimens in at  bottle.
28) 39) dialog: (Scoffing) Intelligence! Nothing has caused the  human race more trouble. Modern  marriage!
28) 42) dialog: (Interrupting) Baloney! Once it was see somebody,  get excited, get married -- Now,  it's read books, fence with four  syllable words, psychoanalyze each  other until you can't tell a petting  party from a civil service exam
28) 44) dialog: (Interrupting again) Ask for trouble and you get it. Why  there's a good boy in my neighborhood  who went with a nice girl across the  street for three years. Then he  refused to marry her. Why? -- Because  she only scored sixty-one on a Look  Magazine marriage quiz!
28) 46) dialog: When I married Myles, we were both  maladjusted misfits. We still are.  And we've loved every minute of it.
28) 49) dialog: Okay -- but I'm going to spread some  common sense on the bread. Lisa  Fremont's loaded to her fingertips  with love for you. I'll give you two  words of advice. Marry her.
28) 51) text: Stella leaves for the kitchen in a huff. Jeff turns his c to the window.
35) 0) text: There is a soft, understanding look on Jeff's face, and h gives an involuntary sigh. He is unaware that Stella is n standing behind him.
35) 1) dialog: (Quietly) Window shopper.
118) 0) text: It is now mid-morning. The sun is shining. Miss Torso is  practicing her dance to the sound of ballet music. We can hear the song-writer at work, but the thing that  attracts our attention mostly, is some action that emanat from the fire escape where the couple sleep at night. On long rope, the woman is lowering an open wicker basket in which sits a small dog. When is reaches the yard below, t CAMERA PANNING DOWN, the dog steps out and runs off to ex the yard. The woman pulls up the basket, and leaves it on the fire escape. The CAMERA PULL BACK into Jeff's apartme where Stella is busy massaging Jeff's back at he lies fac down on the divan.
118) 1) dialog: You'd think the rain would have cooled  things off. All it did was make the  heat wet.
118) 2) text: Stella hits a sore muscle in Jeff's back. He jumps.
119) 1) dialog: The insurance Company would be a lot  happier if you slept in your bed,  not the wheelchair.
119) 3) dialog: Eyes bloodshot. Must have been staring  out the window for hours.
119) 5) dialog: (Massaging harder) What'll you do if one of them catches  you?
119) 9) text: Stella hits his back with a palmful of cold oil. It takes his breath.
119) 10) dialog: Keep your mind off her.
119) 12) dialog: And she'll end up fat, alcoholic and  miserable.
119) 14) dialog: Poor girl. Someday she'll find her  happiness.
119) 16) dialog: Isn't there anyone in the neighborhood  who might cast an eye in her  direction?
119) 18) dialog: (Interested in the  scandal) He and his wife splitting up?
119) 20) dialog: (So?) Isn't he a salesman?
119) 22) dialog: (Shrugs) Flashlights. Luminous dials for  watches. House numbers that light  up.
119) 25) dialog: His personal effects. He's probably  running away -- the coward.
119) 27) dialog: (Looks at him) But it takes a particularly low type  of man to do it.
119) 29) dialog: (Putting oil and power  away) What about this morning? Any  developments?
119) 31) dialog: (stops) In this heat? (Turns, looks over  his shoulder) They're up now.
122) 0) text: Jeff in his chair, facing the window, Stella beside him.  Jeff nearly knocks the startled Stella off her feet with arm.
122) 2) text: He propels his chair backward quickly, and Stella moves t the side with surprising agility. They are both in shadow
122) 3) dialog: (A startled whisper) What is it? What's the matter?
122) 6) text: Stella relaxes, gives Jeff a disgusted look, and starts t move out of the shadows.
122) 7) dialog: A Federal offense.
122) 10) dialog: I'm not shy. I've been looked at  before.
124) 0) text: Jeff, with a restraining hand to Stella, begins to edge h chair cautiously forward so that he can see what the sale is looking at.
128) 0) text: Jeff is amused at the dog incident. Behind him, Stella mo to the center of the room, saying:
128) 1) dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Jefferies. I'll see you  tomorrow.
130) 0) text: Jeff watching intently. Stella putting the last of her th into her bag.
130) 1) dialog: And don't sleep in the chair again.
130) 4) text: Stella picks up her bag, stares at Jeff's back a moment,  then starts for the door.
130) 5) dialog: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Great  conversationalist.
130) 6) text: Jeff swings half-way around in his chair just as Stella  reaches the top of the steps.
130) 10) text: She puts down her bag, reaches for the binoculars, takes  them out the case. She comes down the stairs, brings them him. He immediately swings to the window, and lifts them his eyes. Stella sniffs, then goes to the door, as she sa
130) 11) dialog: Trouble. I cam smell it. I'll be  glad when they crack that cast, and  I get out of here.
130) 12) text: As Stella goes out the door, the CAMERA MOVES IN until Je head, and the binoculars, are filling the screen.
169) 2) text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK slightly as Stella emerges from the kitchen. She is carrying a tray with breakfast on it. Egg bacon, toast and coffee.
169) 4) text: Stella squeezes past the right side of Jeff, and places t food tray on a windowseat in front of him. She peers out  cautiously toward Thorwald's apartment for a moment. Then she squeezes back, moving to the sideboard against which  leans a small table on an adjustable stand.
169) 6) text: Stella returns with the table, and sets it up so that it across Jeff's lap. She gets the tray of food pausing to l toward Thorwald's apartment. Then she places the breakfas on the tray table in front of Jeff. He has moved back a l to avoid getting the phone cable tangled in the food and  dishes.
170) 0) text: He hangs up. Stella takes the phone and puts it down for  him. He looks at the breakfast, reaches for a knife and f
170) 2) dialog: Police?
170) 4) dialog: You called the police?
170) 6) text: He begins eating, appreciatively. She moves behind his ch pausing to look toward Thorwald's apartment again. Jeff i just lifting a piece of bacon to his lips when Stella spe
170) 7) dialog: (Half to herself) Now just where do you suppose he cut  her up?
170) 9) dialog: (Answering herself) Oh -- of course! In the bathtub.  That's the only place he could wash  away the blood.
170) 10) text: The hand holding the bacon moves back to the plate. Jeff just stares ahead. Stella turns and walks into the  kitchen. Jeff pushes the food away, and picks up the coff cup instead.
176) 0) text: Thorwald's apartment. We are now aware that the salesman now in his living room, lying out of sight on the sofa,  because the smoke from a newly lighted cigar is starting ascend toward the ceiling of his room. Stella's voice is heard calling out from the kitchen:
183) 0) text: His smile almost becomes a private chuckle. Stella's abru voice breaks in urgently:
183) 2) text: Jeff's head snaps toward the center of his window. Stella has appeared behind his wheelchair.
185) 0) text: Stella and Jeff watching intently. He is feeling down  alongside his wheelchair for his binoculars.
187) 2) text: Stella moves toward the door quickly. Jeff turns quickly  over his shoulder to watch her. She is already going up t steps.
187) 4) text: As Stella goes out the door, she calls back:
187) 5) dialog: I'm just going to get the name of  their truck!
187) 7) text: We hear nothing from Stella, but the sound of her heavy t down the hallway stairs. Jeff returns to Thorwald. He eas himself back into the shadows a bit and then raises his  binoculars.
194) 0) text: By the time the binoculars are up, another truck has cros from the left. In momentarily blocks out the side of our  freight truck. By the time the two trucks part, we can on see the back half of the freight truck before it pulls ou of sight. Jeff is only able to read the words "FREIGHT LI The binoculars are held for a moment until we see a puffi and blowing Stella arrive at the opening of the alleyway. She looks toward the front of Thorwald's apartment house. And by her attitude we can see that there is no truck out She looks about her for a moment.
196) 0) text: The figure of Stella is seen, looking up toward Jeff's  apartment, and arms outspread in a helpless gesture.
303) 0) text: Jeff, Stella and Lisa are grouped at the window, looking  out. THE CAMERA is behind them. Jeff holds the long-focus lens to his eye.
304) 4) dialog: Must have splattered a lot.
305) 0) text: We now see their faces. Jeff lowers the camera with a lon focus lens. Neither he nor Lisa make any comment. Finally Stella blurts out:
305) 1) dialog: Well, why not? That's what we're all  thinking. He killed her in there,  and he has to wipe up the stains  before he leaves.
305) 4) text: Stella also turns, interrupting her
305) 5) dialog: Nobody's invented polite words yet  for killing.
306) 4) text: He turns back to the window, holding out his right hand t the side, waiting for the box and viewer. The CAMERA PULL BACK a little as Lisa comes up, and places the box and vi in his hand. He opens the box, which contains color slide and holds one or two of the slides up to the light. Lisa  looks down at him curiously and Stella comes forward from the background.
306) 11) dialog: Mrs. Thorwald?
309) 4) dialog: You mean the one the dog was sniffing  around?
310) 2) dialog: There's something buried there.
311) 2) text: Suddenly Stella begins to chuckle. They look around at he Her face sobers as she answers their unasked question:
311) 3) dialog: You haven't spent much time in  cemeteries, have you? (they don't answer) Mr. Thorwald could hardly put his  wife into a plot of ground scarcely  one foot square.
312) 0) text: The garden again with its small indentation of flowers ov this we hear the ghoulish voice of Stella:
312) 1) dialog: Unless, he puts in standing on end --  which would be very original and not  require the use of either a knife or  a saw. My guess is she's scattered  all over town. A leg in the East  River -- an arm --
313) 0) text: Jeff looks at Stella.
313) 3) dialog: (Quickly) Call Lieutenant Doyle!
313) 7) text: THE CAMERA EASES BACK to allow Lisa to sit on the divan, Jeff turn his chair toward her. Stella still look out the window, thinking.
313) 9) text: Stella's quiet voice brings him to a halt.
313) 10) dialog: He's starting to pack.
315) 0) text: Jeff is staring out, gripping his chair tightly. There is touch of desperation on his face. He looks down at the  flowers, briefly, then swings around abruptly. He wheels  away from the camera to the wall cabinet. We see him take piece of notepaper, a pencil and an envelope. He puts a name on the envelope, and then proceeds to writ something on the sheet of paper. Stella and Lisa edge up  behind him, and look down at what he is writing.
317) 0) text: Jeff at the window, looking through the long-focus lens. We get a glimpse of Stella behind him. He is watching:
318) 0) text: The alleyway and street. Just regular traffic. Suddenly Lisa comes into the picture from the left. She i carrying a white envelope. She stops, waves her hands at  Jeff, smiles, and then hurries on. The lens slowly pans t the right and stops on Miss Torso's apartment. She is sta on a small stepladder, nailing curtains above her window. Her legs are bare, though she wears high-heel shoes. We d not see more than half-way up her thighs. The lens takes  this in for the briefest split-second of hesitancy then m on to await the arrival of Lisa along Thorwald's corridor She does not appear yet. The lens moves back to get anoth glimpse of Miss Torso, who is now descending the ladder. is wearing a leotard. Over this, we hear Stella's voice:
318) 1) dialog: What are you going back for?
325) 0) text: Both Stella and Jeff frantic.
325) 1) dialog: (Accusingly) You shouldn't have let her do that!  If he ever --
327) 1) dialog: Thank heaven that's over!
329) 0) text: Jeff rubs his chin thoughtfully. Stella is scanning the  neighborhood. We hear a radio, or a television show, off; and there is distant, rhythmic music coming from the cafe Thorwald's street.
329) 2) text: Stella's brow knits a little as she sees something. She  reaches for the long focus lens.
329) 3) dialog: Mind if I use the portable keyhole?
330) 0) text: Miss Lonely Hearts' apartment. She has opened a small bro bottle, and taken out four red capsules which she places the white table cloth of her little table. There is a candle burning in a holder, and other lamps al light the apartment. She is dressed in sedate street clot She sits at the table, and by the light of the candle pro to open a black-covered book, and read it. The print is f She bends over it a moment, looks up at the capsules, and returns to the book. She seems quite at peace. Stella and Jeff are heard over:
330) 1) dialog: I wonder.
330) 3) dialog: Miss Lonely Hearts just laid out  something that looks like sodium  trieckonal capsules.
330) 5) dialog: I handled enough of those red pills  to put everybody in New Jersey asleep  for the winter.
330) 7) dialog: (Breaks in) No -- but it makes the rest easy to  take. And she's reading the Bible.
331) 0) text: Stella lowers the long-focus lens.
331) 1) dialog: You know? You might not be too bad a  bargain for Lisa after all.
333) 1) dialog: Well, it wasn't the kind of expression  that would get him a quick loan at  the bank.
333) 6) text: Some of the pleasure goes out of her face. Stella notices it.
333) 7) dialog: (Interrupts Jeff) You'd make a good door prize at a  wake.
333) 10) text: Jeff and Stella turn toward the window. Jeff grabs the lo focus lens, lifts it up.
335) 3) text: Stella lifts her left hand, and looks fondly at her ring  finger.
335) 4) dialog: The only way anybody could get that  off would be to chop my finger --  Let's go down and find out what's  buried in the garden.
335) 8) dialog: Got a shovel?
335) 10) dialog: There's probably one in the basement.
335) 14) text: Stella grows a little uneasy. Her eyes drift toward Thorw apartment.
335) 15) dialog: (To Lisa) You know, Miss Fremont -- he might  just have something there.
335) 21) dialog: We only need a few minutes.
335) 27) dialog: Unanimously.
335) 28) text: The two women smile. Jeff picks up the phone and dials Ch 2-7099. The women watch him tensely. He holds the receive away from his ear a little, and the buzzer is heard sound on filter. Lisa looks toward Thorwald's apartment; then  Stella; then Jeff.
341) 0) text: Lisa is in the courtyard directly below Jeff's window. She has reached the stairway leading up and to the right. She looks, waves at Jeff as Stella comes up to her carryi a shovel. The two women hurry up the stairs toward the ir ladder they will use to climb the wall between Jeff's yar and that of Thorwald's.
343) 0) text: Lisa has climbed over the wall and is helping Stella down into Thorwald's yard. The shovel is lying on the ground b Lisa. Jeff's conversation continues over the action of th two women.
343) 8) text: Jeff hangs up. Stella is now beginning to dig, carefully  lifting the flowers off the center of the bed where they dipped down. She places the flower plants on the sidewalk Lisa stands facing Jeff's window and occasionally glances over her shoulder uneasily at Stella's work. At this moment, the sounds of musical instruments begin t be heard from the songwriter's apartment.
347) 0) text: Stella is busy, expertly handling the shovel. Lisa has he back to the nurse, but looks apprehensively over her shou She then looks up toward Jeff's apartment.
351) 0) text: The alleyway and street intersection, with normal night  traffic, but no sign of Thorwald. THE CAMERA LENS PANS ac and down to the hole being dug by Stella. We get an impre of Lisa's legs as we go by. The spade comes out of the ho and rests on the side. THE CAMERA LENS PANS up just in ti to catch Stella turning up to Jeff. She throws out a help hand and shakes her head. "Nothing."
353) 0) text: Lisa glances up to Thorwald's apartment. She turns and  gestures some instructions to Stella. Then she looks up a Jeff and gestures her intention to enter Thorwald's apart She turns and dashes toward Thorwald's fire escape as Ste makes a fruitless grab to restrain her.
355) 0) text: While Lisa starts up the fire escape, we see Stella runni toward the wall in the foreground to climb over it. Stell has abandoned the shovel and left the flowers and dirt st over the walk.
362) 0) text: As Jeff watches tensely, the door bursts open behind him Stella hurries into the apartment.
362) 1) dialog: Ring Thorwald's phone the second you  see him on the way back!
362) 2) text: Jeff swings toward Stella. He reaches for the phone.
362) 4) text: As he picks up the receiver, Stella pushes his hand down  again.
362) 5) dialog: Give her another minute -- She's  doing this for you.
362) 6) text: Stella looks out the window and her face registers shock. Jeff turns quickly to the window again, forgetting the ph for the moment.
362) 7) dialog: Miss Lonely Hearts!
363) 1) dialog: (Off) Call the police!
364) 0) text: Jeff and Stella turn for a quick glimpse of the song-writ apartment.
365) 1) dialog: Maybe that music will delay her taking  the pills.
366) 0) text: Jeff and Stella look back to Thorwald's apartment. Jeff h the receiver to his ear, and the buzzer can be heard on  filter.
368) 0) text: Stella is so shocked, she can only gasp for breath. Jeff, in near panic, shouts in anguish!
373) 0) text: Stella staring out, tense, frightened. Then her expressio changes sharply as she looks slightly to the left.
373) 1) dialog: There they are.
375) 0) text: Jeff and Stella visibly relax. Jeff doesn't say anything, but a gesture of rubbing his eyes with the back of his ha gives an indication of how deep his tension was.
379) 0) text: A quick flash of Jeff and Stella looking. Jeff still has long-focus lens to his eye.
381) 0) text: Stella turns away and goes quickly to the table for the  binoculars. Jeff still is using the long-focus lens.
382) 1) dialog: What's she trying to do? Why doesn't  she turn him in?
382) 3) dialog: Smart? She'll be arrested!
384) 1) dialog: Mrs. Thorwald's ring!
385) 0) text: Jeff and Stella. He drops the camera into his lap.
385) 2) text: Stella hurries from the window, turning off lights, as Je backs his chair into the room.
387) 0) text: The last light out, Stella stops to catch her breath, and turns to Jeff.
387) 1) dialog: When you took your first snapshot --  did you ever think it would bring  you to this?
387) 3) dialog: (Squinting out window) Unless he's dumber than I think, he  won't wait 'til his lease is up.
387) 6) text: Stella moves to get it.
387) 7) dialog: What do you need money for?
387) 9) text: She finds a billfold, hands it to Jeff. He takes it, extr some bills and begins counting them. As he counts, Stella comments:
387) 10) dialog: You know -- you could just leave her   there until after next Tuesday -- so  you could sneak away safely -- as  planned.
387) 13) dialog: How much do you think you'll need?
387) 15) text: Stella, following his pointing finger, gets a piggy bank  down from a shelf on the sideboard. He takes it, cracks i on the knee of his cast. It splits open, and some money c out. Mostly bills, a few silver halves. What he doesn't get, Stella picks up.
387) 16) dialog: Ten here.
387) 18) dialog: I got twenty or so in my purse. Give  me what you've got.
387) 19) text: Jeff does, as Stella gets her purse.
387) 21) dialog: When those cops get a look at Miss  Fremont -- they'll even contribute.
387) 22) text: Stella goes up to the door. The phone RINGS. Jeff grabs i picks it up. Stella pauses.
387) 24) text: Stella goes quickly out the door. He returns to the phone call, glancing at the same time toward the courtyard.
414) 0) text: Jeff ejects a bulb, puts his last bulb into the flash hol He tries to move the wheelchair a little further away fro Thorwald. Then he raises the flash holder again. In b.g. we see: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the detectives co to Thorwald's door, try it. Locked. One of the men steps forward with a flat steel jimmy and  snaps the lock open. They move quickly into the darkened  apartment. Doyle hits the lights inside the kitchen. The  group goes into the living room. The lights go on. No sig of Thorwald. Doyle, Lisa and Stella instinctively turn an look toward Jeff's apartment.
417) 0) text: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the two detectives, crossing  Thorwald's yard, see Jeff going out the window. Lisa is  panicked.
434) 0) text: People rush to their windows, looking out at the exciteme Some people on the ground floor come out into the yard. D and the two detectives come into the patio beneath Jeff. Doyle directs them to improvise something to break Jeff's fall -- leaves, greenery, their coats, cushions from the  patio furniture -- anything they can find. The four unifo policemen rush into the backyard. Lisa and Stella come ov the wall into the patio beneath Jeff. They look up at Jef encouraging him to hold on. A detective goes into Jeff's cellar door, trying to reach his apartment before Jeff loses his grip. The siffleuse and her husband are standing on the fire es in plain, almost somber clothes. They watch expressionles Beneath them the empty basket which once held their dog s silently in the night air.
438) 0) text: Stella tugs at Doyle's arm and stands on tiptoe to whispe something into his ear. Doyle then looks up to the detect
438) 3) text: Doyle turns quizzically at Stella.
438) 4) dialog: Oh, no thanks -- I don't want any of  part of her (She pauses, then  does a surprised  take back to Doyle) What did I say?