36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
46) 5) dialog: (calm as Tom Brady:) It is a great responsibility, a lot to live up to. But it's also a privilege - to follow in the footsteps of such great champions. I just have to match their intensity. Warm applause. Katniss hates this guy already. We JUMP TO -Foxface, the red-headed girl from 5.
51) 2) text: +e HHH HH 59. @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODD every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation. One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Gam There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute will die first, what the first cause of death will be, an “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win. At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even a this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing al those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed. There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. * Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
71) 6) dialog: Okay. Now we find your girlfriend.
95) 0) text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down... «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
95) 1) dialog: Well whaddaya know? Katniss tightens. Glimmer draws back that BOW.
103) 0) text: Dawn. SUPER: "Day Three." Katniss hasn't slept. The branc nearly sawed off. She looks down to Rue, "Ready?" Rue nod 95 feet down, the Careers sleep... until: Movement: Cato, beginning to awaken. Katniss is out of ti So she starts SAWING. Fast. Desperate. The branch starts crack. The BUZZING in the nest grows louder. Cato looks u
103) 1) dialog: Hey! Katniss saws, fast as she can. The knife slips from her sweaty hands. She grabs at it, just barely catches it. ++.as the first TRACKER-JACKER angrily pops from the nest It's BIG, with a golden-torso. Flying right at us. It lan on Katniss's knee. A STABBING PAIN as it stings her. Another flies at her - stings her in the neck. More PAIN. blocks it out, keeps sawing - arm pumping, getting woozy. Rue hops to a distant branch like a lemur. Below, the oth Careers are awakening - Cato yelling, "Get up!" Katniss s desperate to get through the last sinews of the wood... 77. Then it's done. We hear a SNAP. Cato runs away, as the wh branch plummets toward the ground...
112) 0) text: Katniss emerges from behind brush - scouting, listening f unseen threats, her bow taut and ready. There's her targe Four Careers, camped 100 yards from the Cornucopia... Cato, Clove, Marvel - surly and covered in welts - and th BOY FROM 3. Their SUPPLIES are stacked in a PYRAMID: crat plastic bins, a burlap sack, all covered by mesh netting. Katniss takes it in, eyes darting... then:
112) 1) dialog: Look! He's pointing at something. The others turn... SMOKE, rising in the distance. Katniss grins, as:
114) 0) text: The Careers arm themselves quickly. Cato in charge:
114) 1) dialog: Everything rigged?
156) 0) text: A mile away, Cato freezes as well. Just heard the same th And he sees a HOVERCRAFT descending in the distance...
158) 0) text: Cato starts running too. MATCH CUT TO:
163) 0) text: It's brass, with a sheer face ten feet tall. There are se on it to give Cato some purchase as he climbs. Katniss follows at full speed, LEAPING UP, grabbing a sea climbing the wall - desperately. Adrenaline rocketing... She gets there... onto its FLAT SURFACE - and she and Cat square off instantly - Cato drawing a sword, Katniss her But, incredibly, the LEAD MUTTATION bounds that ten-foot wall in a single bound, barrelling into Cato. As they battle, Katniss turns - to see Peeta, hobbling th way. The PACK gaining on him fast. Her eyes go wide. Peeta gets to the base of the Cornucopia, starts to climb MUTTATION #2 swipes at his legs with FOUR-INCH RAZOR CLAW Instant blood. Instant agony. Peeta howls. Katniss fires an arrow right into the throat of the beast falls back, dead.
163) 3) dialog: What's it gonna be, Girl on Fire? She turns... and gasps: Cato has yanked Peeta to safety, sort of. He's got the gu a_ vicious HEADLOCK, Peeta's legs hovering off the edge o Cornucopia - with TWENTY HOWLING MUTTATIONS BELOW. They ALL have human eyes. Tribute eyes. Eery as hell. Katniss draws her bow. Aims right at Cato's head. The noi from the Muttations is a disorienting din...
163) 5) dialog: Somebody's gotta lose. You know that. But just then, Peeta uses his fingers to make an X on the back of Cato's hand. Cato notices, but too late. The smil fades from his face just as Katniss takes dead aim, and:
168) 0) text: Cato loses his footing on the slick surface. Katniss lung forward, grabs Peeta - as Cato falls into the beasts. Instant carnage - a human being, torn apart. Cato shrieks Katniss watching in horror as the Mutts simply maul him. eyes find Katniss - a desperate, dying request: Please. Out of mercy, and sportsmanship, She draws back an arrow, sends it right into his forehead. Death. A CANNON BLASTS. Safety. At last. The remaining Muttations try to scale th sheer wall - but none of them can do it. Peeta and Katnis embrace... It's over. We've won.