26) 11) dialog: How despicable we must seem to you. She turns. Standing in the doorway is CINNA, (30). He see decent, unaffected - even his voice. But she's wary.
26) 12) dialog: Your braid - who did it?
26) 14) dialog: It's beautiful. Classic. We're not going to touch it. He enters, hits a button. The top of a table splits in tw and ANOTHER HUGE MEAL appears; Katniss won't react to it.
26) 15) dialog: I'm Cinna, Katniss. I'll be your @ stylist - which means I'm here to help you survive. Are you hungry?
26) 19) dialog: I know. He smiles warmly. That fast, a trust begins to grow.
26) 21) dialog: They lack imagination. Katniss, I asked for District 12. I wanted the challenge, and not because I like those stupid coal-miner outfits the Tributes from Twelve always get presented in. Right? He might just be sincere. Human. He seems it. They sit.
26) 22) dialog: I have an idea, but it's going to require you to trust me a little. (a beat) Are you afraid of fire, Katniss? Yes, she is. On her face, we CUT TO:
27) 0) text: Katniss wears a black unitard, knee-high leather boots, a cape of orange and yellow. Peeta's in the same outfit... +-.as they stand on a CHARIOT. Four horses up front. Up ahead, ANOTHER CHARIOT vanishes around a corner into t BRIGHT-LIGHTS of a street outside. But our Chariot hasn't been sent out yet. Cinna grins, excited.
27) 1) dialog: It's not real fire, of course. Just some synthetic flames Portia and I came up with. I want them to remember you. Be right back. He steps a few feet away, where a woman named PORTIA fuss with a FLARE that seems to be malfunctioning. The two of tinker with it as Katniss and Peeta wait, anxious.
27) 7) dialog: Okay, got it! Here we go! He approaches, that flare LIT now. Katniss's eyes go wide
27) 8) dialog: Meet Katniss Everdeen - the Girl Who Was on Fire! lights their capes on "fire". SYNTHETIC FLAMES suddenly rise up around us - looking awfully real.
27) 9) dialog: It works! Thrilled, he makes a SSSSST sound at the HORSES up front. They begin to trot - and we're moving. +--all of it before Katniss can adjust to the fact that h cape is now burning. Cinna calls out to them:
27) 10) dialog: Heads high! Smiles! They're going to love you! Oh, and hold hands! +..as we're pulled through MASSIVE OPEN DOORS and onto:
41) 2) dialog: Thank you, Effie. Katniss, you can open your eyes now. Katniss's eyes open now... and she is stunned: ...by HER OWN REFLECTION: arms stenciled, hair woven in a lovely braid down one shoulder, make-up subtle and elegan And a jeweled DRESS, accented with tongues of fire. Not pretty. Not beautiful. Radiant as the sun.
41) 4) dialog: Give us a moment, all right? His team EXITS. Effie shrugs unhappily, follows them. Now it's just Cinna and Katniss. She still hasn't spoken.
41) 8) dialog: Like the girl you were meant to be. Let me see a twirl. She twirls, almost allowing the thrill of it.
41) 9) dialog: Oh Katniss... (she blushes) I hope the Sponsors really see you tonight. Like this. The real you.
41) 11) dialog: You are - around Haymitch. (that helped) Forget him tonight. Once those cameras are on, try to pretend you're talking to a best friend back home. Do you have someone like that?
41) 13) dialog: He loves you, though. Doesn't he.
41) 15) dialog: Well, when you-see me sitting in that audience, pretend I'm him. Can you do that? (she nods) Listen, I lied to you the other day - about the reason I asked for District 12. It was you, Katniss. What you did for your sister, how brave you were. Tonight requires... a different kind of bravery, okay? (that registered) Let them love you out there. It might just save you.
46) 27) text: Then she spots Cinna, in the audience. That helps.
46) 31) text: Katniss looks to Cinna, who makes the tiniest circular mo with his finger, twirl for me. Katniss hesitates... then: She twirls. The Audience eats it up.
56) 0) text: She's in simple tawny pants, light green blouse, brown be thin hooded black jacket, leather boots over socks. Cinna braids her hair. Katniss just stares. Numb silence.
56) 2) dialog: Expect some cool nights. The jacket's designed to reflect body heat. She nods, tries to affix her mockingjay pin onto her outf But her hand is shaking so badly, she can't do it. Cinna smiles warmly, takes the pin, affixes it for her.
56) 5) dialog: Do you want to talk, Katniss? She shakes her head. He takes her hand. There are no word Just dread, hanging... until they hear a GONG - and their eyes lock - as the voice echoes loudly:
56) 7) dialog: I want you to know something - we're not allowed to bet. But if I could, my money would be on you. {she half-nods) Good luck, Girl on Fire... She shakes, terrified, as the circle - a PLATFORM - rises pushing her up. The ceiling above her OPENS into darkness
166) 0) text: TRAFFIC stands still. PEDESTRIANS stop in the middle of a INTERSECTION, watching on a huge SCREEN. Cinna among them 116.
169) 0) text: JUBILATION. Citizens cheering. Cinna beaming.
176) 0) text: Cinna, and half the Capitol, breathless...