36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
58) 5) text: Then a lost look crosses them. And red spray plumes from mouth. He staggers forward, releasing his grip on the pac «..revealing a knife in his back - thrown from 20 yards a by Clove, who has two more knives in hand. Katniss freeze Then she wheels, sprinting away while throwing the backpa over her shoulders. We hear a deadly WHIZZING sound... This knife implants itself in the backpack. Katniss keeps running, doesn't look back, leaving behind the horror of Cornucopia. Adolescents killing each other. And each time a body falls, another CANNON BLAST can be heard. Three, four, five... Katniss keeps running. We CUT
71) 2) dialog: He's such a romantic - maybe he's cutting her heart out!
94) 0) text: Fifty feet up. She settles painfully atop her sleeping ba The Capitol Seal fills the sky above. The Anthem plays. She closes her eyes, her hand clutching Clove's SERRATED KNIFE. We DRIFT DOWN, to that burned leg...
95) 0) text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down... «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
112) 0) text: Katniss emerges from behind brush - scouting, listening f unseen threats, her bow taut and ready. There's her targe Four Careers, camped 100 yards from the Cornucopia... Cato, Clove, Marvel - surly and covered in welts - and th BOY FROM 3. Their SUPPLIES are stacked in a PYRAMID: crat plastic bins, a burlap sack, all covered by mesh netting. Katniss takes it in, eyes darting... then:
147) 2) text: A KNIFE, hurled by CLOVE. Katniss gets a hand up, deflect the knife with her bow, turns, fires an ARROW. It hits Cl in the arm - as Katniss gets to the table. She slips that tiny #12-POUCH on to her wrist. Turns... This KNIFE comes too quickly to evade - whizzing through air, gashing her forehead. Katniss staggers, drops to a k Clove is running right at_us now - arm bleeding, eyes let A KNIFE IN EACH HAND. Katniss tries to draw back an arrow but there's no time. She's a goner. Clove, barrelling in- Then, shockingly, Clove is knocked sideways, on to her ba «.-by a rock the size of a volleyball, hurled from the darkness. Clove quivers on the ground - disoriented, bloo Katniss is almost as confused as Clove is. Who threw that Then Thresh emerges... to re-claim the rock he just threw He stands over Clove, lifts it into the air, and brings i down_on Clove's skull. Katniss watches, awed. CANNON BLAS Now Thresh comes at Katniss, stands over her. He seems hu from down here, his eyes dull. And she's dazed, helpless.