16) 10) text: Behind Undersee on the stage is EFFIE TRINKET, (her suit green, her hair pink.) Beside her is an empty chair... un
16) 15) dialog: Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be EVER in your favor! I know you're all excited, so let’s get right to the drawing! Boys first this year! Nobody breathes. Hardened coal mining families - terrifie
16) 17) text: Even the COAL-TRAIN on the elevated track a few blocks aw has come to a stop, its CONDUCTOR watching. Effie squeezes her eyes shut, sticks her hand in the ball the boys' side, and plucks a name out. CLOSE ON Katniss, jaw clenched, fingers crossed at her si
16) 18) dialog: The boy tribute from District Twelve is-- We PUSH IN on Gale, as...
16) 19) dialog: Peeta Meelark! ..-.which is when we find Peeta, just a few feet from Kat she'd somehow not noticed him before. But she turns - just in time to see his face go pale... A GROAN goes up from his PARENTS, outside the ropes. TWO PEACEKEEPERS come to collect him as he steadies himse Katniss can't meet his eye, can barely mutter:
16) 21) dialog: I'm sure Peeta will do a wonderful job for us. Now, the ladies! Not far from here, PEETA'S MOTHER has just fainted dead a Her HUSBAND is trying to revive her. Every boy who wasn't chosen - except for Gale - is sagging with relief. -+-as Peeta mounts the stage silently. And Effie digs her hand into the GIRLS' GLASS BALL, and...
16) 22) dialog: The Girl Tribute from District Twelve will be... (Katniss gulps...) Primrose Everdeen! And the world simply stops. Time itself seems to hover. Katniss freezes, replaying it in her head. Must have hear wrong. Prim too - a look of utter confusion on her face.. 18.
16) 32) dialog: Well, bravo! Brava! Quite a gesture! And there's nothing in the rules forbidding it, is there Haymitch? Haymitch, his drunken brain catching up, shakes his head. So Katniss keeps coming... even as Prim grabs her.
16) 38) dialog: I bet my buttons that was your sister, wasn't it! Don’t want her to steal all the glory, do we? Let's give a big round of applause for our latest tribute! No one claps. Instead, they do something else - a gesture In unison, the people here touch the three middle fingers their left hand to their lips and then hold it out to her is a gesture of immense respect. Also a fond farewell. ©@ Katniss acknowledges it silently from the stage. Then NATIONAL ANTHEM begins to play through LOUDSPEAKERS. 20. Peeta is beside her. Gale is suddenly a world away. And s is fighting back tears as we CRANE UP... until she's just tiny dot in this Town Square...
19) 1) dialog: Dinner's soon! Please bathe! Then Effie's gone. Katniss rises, in a fog.
21) 1) dialog: Eat, please. Food's always so scarce in the Arena, you want to go into The Games with some meat on your bones. Katniss and Peeta begin - awed by the quantity.
21) 3) dialog: Haymitch is taking a nap. It's been an exhausting day. On a MUTED TV behind Effie, we see a NIGHTLY ROUND-UP of coverage from all the Reaping Ceremonies across Panem tod Twelve Districts, each selecting a lucky boy and girl... A monstrous boy from District 2, a fox-faced girl from 5, boy with a crippled foot from 10. And, most hauntingly, a 12 year-old girl from District 11 @ She has brown skin and soulful eyes. Katniss just stare Then, clips from the District 12 Reaping. Katniss herself And Prim. And Peeta... And Haymitch, stumbling on stage. Her mentor. A drunk. It's unsettling as hell...
21) 5) dialog: I'm thrilled you two have such decent manners! The pair last year ate everything with their hands! It completely upset my digestion.
21) 7) dialog: (re: news on TV) Checking out the competition, Peeta?
21) 9) dialog: I'm afraid I don't know what that--
21) 11) dialog: No Districts do that. Bullshit. Katniss and Peeta know it. But Effie tries:
21) 12) dialog: That's just a rumor. Everyone knows District training is illegal.
21) 15) dialog: The Tributes from the wealthier Districts get more Sponsors, that's all. So they get more help. There's nothing sinister about it. She just lost them, officially. More tension... as Haymit stumbles in - hammered, as usual.
24) 0) text: Haymitch and Effie lead the two junior celebrities throug the station. Feels like another planet to Katniss. They pass a VIRTUAL NEWSSTAND. One face appears on DOZENS I-MAGAZINE COVERS: "Seneca Crane - the genius behind the Hunger Games." Something tells Katniss to study this face A GIRL passes by, Katniss's age... with two healthy paren clean hair, a poodle on a leash... and an ice cream cone her hand. Licking happily.
24) 2) dialog: silly! But Haymitch knows better. He leads them away. We CUT TO:
25) 2) dialog: Let's get you two cleaned up already! You're being presented today! (MORE)
25) 3) text: EFFIE (cont'd) (Katniss eyes her) No one's going to sponsor you looking like this, Katniss. Could you blame them? A look from Haymitch tells Katniss not to fire back.
30) 9) dialog: That was wonderful! Wonderful! I knew there was a pretty girl under there somewhere! And you too, Peeta. Katniss barely heard that - still watching Rue...
30) 10) dialog: I always say, if you put enough pressure on coal it turns to pearls!
30) 12) dialog: Hmmm?
30) 15) dialog: I really wish you'd stop using that term, Katniss. It's unsportsmanlike. Katniss notes a FOX-FACED GIRL from District 5, and a ste looking kid from District 4 - call him BRAVURA - as a wom enters: CALLOWAY, carrying a large box. Effie sighs.
30) 16) dialog: Ugh. Paperwork! 35.
30) 18) dialog: Don't let her distract you; it might just be a stunt. (Katniss studies Effie) Johanna Mason, a few years ago - she wept through the whole Training Week, never saw such a scared little puppy! Then Day One of the Games she hatcheted six kids in two minutes! And won! Sign, Dear. It's late. Effie hands her a pen and the papers. Katniss glances at them, then at Peeta. He nods. She takes the pen... ... when she's brushed aside, rudely, by Cato - as he and other Careers (Districts 1, 2, and 4), blow out of here. She watches Cato go, then signs the papers...
32) 0) text: Effie lectures Katniss and Peeta while touring them throu the TRAINING CENTER. Haymitch is here too, but only barel
32) 1) dialog: This is the Training Center, your * home sweet home until the Games * begin! Breakfast at seven, training * during the day; at night you'll be making appearances. Do either of you have any special skills?
32) 3) dialog: A talent that might be of use in the Arena. Anything.
32) 5) dialog: Then please don't go near one until * Evaluation Day! Right, Haymitch? * Haymitch nods absently. So Effie has to continue: *
32) 6) dialog: No need to let your competition know * your strengths, you see? *
32) 8) dialog: No. He's not. As of tonight he is your partner. (Katniss doesn't get it) The crowd loved you two as a couple up there. And where the crowds go, Sponsors follow! So from now on, you'll be joined at the hip - all © through your Training Period. 37. @ Peeta nods. Katniss doesn't.
32) 9) dialog: What about you, Peeta? Any special skills?
32) 11) dialog: Oh. And what do you do for him?
32) 16) dialog: As you can see, there are Avoxes all over the Training Center. They're here to make your stay more comfortable. So don't hesitate to--
32) 21) dialog: Katniss, we really are all you've got. You should treat us as friends. Katniss's look says, "Not too likely."
32) 22) dialog: Well try and pretend! (calmly smiling...) See? Like this. I'm smiling at you even though you're aggravating me.
39) 1) dialog: Katniss? Katniss? Effie, at the door, banging on it. Katniss can't move...
41) 1) dialog: Head up high, your hands should never be off your lap. And posture, very important. Strength and femininity.
41) 3) dialog: Well there you are! A pearl! Cinna is beaming. His team squeals with delight. Katniss still hasn't spoken. Just too floored. Cinna gets it.
47) 7) dialog: You owe him a thank you, Katniss. You just crossed-over out there!
49) 1) dialog: You really ought to get some sleep tonight, Haymitch. Effie. She seems less pitched than usual. More genuine.
49) 2) dialog: Are you sober?
49) 4) dialog: Huh?
49) 6) dialog: Haymitch! Govern yourself! People could be listening. And she goes. He pounds his fist on the table... 57.
132) 2) dialog: Please. Effie's beside him. He pours her a cup... 96.
135) 0) text: Haymitch is up, and out the door, leaving Effie behind.
144) 0) text: Haymitch sighs heavily. Effie is beside him.
144) 1) dialog: Ignore it, Haymitch. She's lucky to have you.
178) 0) text: A sound. Haymitch turns: * Effie just burst in. Their eyes lock, pure dread... * 120. e EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING The kiss ends. Katniss looks up...
189) 1) dialog: We're here. Katniss nods. The train stops. An odd silence hovers... a
191) 0) text: A CROWD CHEERS, 0.S., audible through the rear door of th train. Effie eyes her two Tributes.
191) 1) dialog: I want to thank you both. It's been an honor serving with you. Katniss is silent. Peeta too. Haymitch approaches.