36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
71) 1) dialog: What's he doing back there?
95) 0) text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down... «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
96) 1) dialog: I'll get her. Glimmer, her blue eyes blazing, fires an arrow - straight The arrow misses Katniss narrowly, runs out of steam, hit its apogee, and starts to fall back to Earth. Katniss grabs it in mid-air, and waves it mockingly at Th Careers. Glimmer smolders.
104) 0) text: She reaches the ground, bearing her backpack. Already, WE are growing from the stings. Her calf still searing... She approaches the body of Glimmer, warily. It's barely h now - face distorted out of proportion. And still breathi The tip of that BOW peeks out from beneath her. Katniss reaches under the faintly-breathing body to extra the bow. Glimmer's eyes flicker. Katniss avoids them, gra the bow. Then the TEN ARROWS... They're still clutched in Glimmer's fist. Katniss tries t pry the fingers away. Glimmer holds tight - fighting, eve now. Her face a balloon, blood and GREEN OOZE everywhere. Katniss hears a CANNON, sees a HOVERCRAFT descending not from here to get the Girl from 4. Soon, the craft will be coming for Glimmer - so this has to be done: She grabs a rock and SMASHES IT DOWN on Glimmer's hand. T fingers release their grip. Katniss grabs the arrows. 78. Then, a shock: Peeta racing toward us, through branches. carrying a SPEAR, his body covered in WELTS. Katniss tries to stand. Can barely do it. Lifts her bow,
104) 3) text: Glimmer tries to yell. Peeta puts that spear into her che