2) 0) text: HAYMITCH ABERNATHY, 40, watches the broadcast from inside fishbowl. The walls around him are WINDOWS, looking out o The GAMES CENTER, Mission Control for "The Hunger Games." Huge screens. Data. Dazzling technology. Haymitch eyes it bitterly, slugs down some pale alcohol,
14) 0) text: SENECA CRANE, a dark genius, looks over his domain. This is Mission Control, (seen from the windows surroundi Haymitch's quarters last year.) It's NASA on steroids: hu screens, data, massive electronic coverage. On an ILLUMINATED BOARD we see 24 EMPTY SLOTS, two for ev District. Names will go here; two from District 12... Sen eyes it, then spots something that irritates him greatly: An assistant, BETTO, is virtually drawing on a monitor (i a hobby) - unaware that Seneca is in the vicinity... unti Seneca leans in and angrily deletes Betto's screen. Uh-oh
16) 11) dialog: ‘Scuse me. Sorry to be late. Haymitch Abernathy stumbles on to the stage, inebriated. TV CAMERAS ZOOM IN on him... as Mayor Undersee continues:
17) 8) text: (trying) Maybe. Then we'd be rich as Haymitch.
21) 16) dialog: I miss supper? Tense silence. He takes a seat, sets his drink down, unfo his napkin - reflexively reaching for a bottle of white G ..-but Peeta, just as reflexively, grabs Haymitch's hand. shocks the hell out of everyone - mostly Peeta himself.
21) 18) dialog: Here's some advice. Don't die. He bursts out laughing. Katniss looks to Peeta.
21) 21) dialog: Well. Did I actually get a pair of fighters this year? Katniss and Peeta weren't expecting that. Haymitch eyes h
21) 22) dialog: Can you hit anything with that knife besides a table? Katniss yanks the knife from the table and throws it at t far wall. It sticks between two panel-seams. Haymitch ris circles his two Tributes, studying them.
21) 23) dialog: I'll make a deal with you two. You don't interfere with my drinking, and I'll stay sober enough to help you. Is that fair? (they nod) You'll have to do exactly as I say. About everything. Effie puts some ice in a napkin, hands it to Peeta for th BRUISE reddening his jaw.
21) 24) dialog: No. Let it bruise. People will think you've been mixing it up with the other Tributes before you've even entered the Arena. (Peeta sets it down) When we get to the Capitol, you'll be put in the hands of stylists who'll prepare you for your presentation. Their work is vital.
21) 26) dialog: Yes. It is. And the people who figure that out tend to be the ones who survive. Are you through now? That shut Katniss up. Haymitch looks right through her.
21) 27) dialog: The best-looking tributes get the Most sponsors. And sponsors are my only means of helping you once you're in The Arena. Understood? .--which is when Katniss sees something out the window - landmark, recognizeable to us... It's Chicago. Or what used to be Chicago. Across Lake Michigan we see t skeleton of a city. Decayed, lifeless. An empty ghost tow Haymitch approaches the wall, eyes the knife Katniss thre
21) 28) dialog: Is this where you were aiming?
21) 30) dialog: Good. Eat. Katniss picks up a lamb chop with her hands, devours a bi then wipes her hands on the tablecloth. Effie sighs. CUT
24) 0) text: Haymitch and Effie lead the two junior celebrities throug the station. Feels like another planet to Katniss. They pass a VIRTUAL NEWSSTAND. One face appears on DOZENS I-MAGAZINE COVERS: "Seneca Crane - the genius behind the Hunger Games." Something tells Katniss to study this face A GIRL passes by, Katniss's age... with two healthy paren clean hair, a poodle on a leash... and an ice cream cone her hand. Licking happily.
25) 3) text: EFFIE (cont'd) (Katniss eyes her) No one's going to sponsor you looking like this, Katniss. Could you blame them? A look from Haymitch tells Katniss not to fire back.
32) 0) text: Effie lectures Katniss and Peeta while touring them throu the TRAINING CENTER. Haymitch is here too, but only barel
32) 13) dialog: That should come in handy - if you ever need to frost someone to death. Katniss eyes Haymitch, Thanks for chiming in. Then:
32) 15) dialog: @ Congratulations. No wrestling during * " training. Confine yourselves to knot- * tying or something. Two CUSTODIANS pass by, pushing carts. Again, something o about them - a dullness in their eyes...
32) 18) dialog: My Goodness, what a rube. (Katniss tightens) Avoxes are criminals of the State, traitors. They work - and they don't bitch - mostly because their tongues've been cut out. That sickened Katniss. She suddenly takes a second look a @ TOWEL-BOY she'd just walked past, his eyes lifeless. 38.
32) 20) dialog: I wonder if you might become less * sullen at some point. * No reply. An ELEVATOR OPENS. They enter.
33) 0) text: Haymitch presses "12." The car starts to rise, quickly.
33) 2) dialog: You should listen to Effie, Darling; you need to be liked this week. If the people like you, you'll get more Sponsors, and Sponsors pay for the Gifts that might just keep you alive once you're inside The Arena - assuming I like you enough to send them and Seneca likes you enough to let me. So a little less... disdain would make sense here. Wouldn't it? Katniss pauses. Haymitch, Effie, and Peeta studying her..
33) 4) dialog: Hmmm?
35) 0) text: A MASSIVE SPACE: stations set up for archery, knife-throw fire-building, rope-climbing, botany, wrestling, sprintin The Tributes will be evaluated here. They file in now... 42. ++.as the Gamesmakers chat by a buffet. We find Haymitch, sampling the DRINK CART... until he sighs, and turns: Betto is right behind Haymitch - ready to emasculate:
35) 2) dialog: You two will be evaluated last. The Gamesmakers are usually tired by then - you'll just have to get their attention somehow. Should be a good fit for you, Katniss, ‘cause it's the only pre-Games event that won't require you to be pleasant. Katniss notes the other Tributes: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, Bravura... scoping the room out, undaunted.
35) 4) dialog: Absolutely. Your very best. Get a good score, and Sponsors will notice. Good luck! And may the odds be--
38) 3) dialog: Smart, Katniss. Real smart.
38) 5) dialog: No. But they might do something to your mother. Or to Prim. 45. That stopped Katniss flat...
38) 6) dialog: The Capitol doesn't appreciate dissent. Haven't you noticed? Just then she realizes... that Seneca has been watching f one floor up. Dread rockets through her now. She runs out
43) 2) dialog: Remember, you're still a happy pair - so act like it. Peeta nods. Katniss too, sort of. Haymitch pushes them ou ..-onto the Stage, where APPLAUSE echoes, CAMERAS everywh In the Balconies are the Gamesmakers. Katniss braces hers all too aware that all of Panem is watching:
47) 3) dialog: What happened?!
47) 6) dialog: I wish I had. It played great. That angered her even more. Peeta stays silent.
47) 9) dialog: e It means he just gave everybody outside District Twelve a reason to give a damn about you.
47) 11) dialog: He made you look desirable, which might be enough to save your life tomorrow. The Star-Crossed Lovers from District 12. Sponsors go for--
47) 13) dialog: Then fake it. Because whatever those people want to buy, it's our job to sell it to them. Understand? (a beat) Or would you rather do it your way - and die? e Katniss eyes them both... then walks away. We DISSOLVE
49) 0) text: Haymitch sits alone - buzzed, not hammered - until:
49) 3) dialog: Basically. Mostly. Had to honor my pledge to our Tributes. (no reply) Besides, tonight is not about booze. It's about bread and circuses.
49) 5) dialog: Somebody asked a Roman emperor once, "How do you get a public to give up all its rights without a protest?" And he said, "Easy. Just give them bread and circuses."
51) 2) text: +e HHH HH 59. @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODD every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation. One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Gam There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute will die first, what the first cause of death will be, an “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win. At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even a this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing al those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed. There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. * Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
52) 0) text: @ Dawn breaks. Katniss awakens... and gasps: .--because Haymitch is here, kneeling by the edge of her Hasn't slept all night. He leans in with quiet urgency:
52) 1) dialog: When the gong sounds, get the hell out of there. The Cornucopia is always a blood-bath, and you're not up to it. Just clear out, put as much distance as you can between yourself and the others, and find a source of water. I'm not gonna send you anything you can find on your own. Katniss nods. He's about to go on, when: A_MOUNTED TV _pops_on, "Reminding all Tributes to wake up gather in the Lobby of the Training Center!" Haymitch eyes it anxiously. Katniss too... until:
52) 2) dialog: Remember this - it's important: You don't win in there by killing * e people - despite what Seneca thinks. You win by not dying. (MORE)
52) 4) dialog: (Katniss nods) Run. Hide. Cheat if you have to. Let them kill each other. But stay alive. Katniss got that, every word. On her face, we CUT TO:
78) 3) dialog: Water she can find on her own... He pours himself a cup of COFFEE, slugs down a bitter gul 68.
80) 0) text: Haymitch just saw that, of course - Katniss, in a heap...
92) 1) text: Whoa. 10:36. You're an hour ahead of last year's time, Haymitch. Good! Reveal Haymitch - standing in the doorway, an object of s in here. Another Staffer, DELANO, grumbles.
92) 3) dialog: My Tribute needs medicine, for her leg. I'd like to see Seneca--
97) 3) dialog: It's Treason - sneaking into the Capitol. Punishable by Death. Don't you know that? Gale nods. Haymitch eyes him with drunken awe.
97) 4) dialog: And you risked it? For her? My, my. (no reply...) Two boys in love with her. I wish I'd known. It would've played great during the interviews.
97) 6) dialog: Kid, she's not likely to survive long enough for that burn to be the thing that kills her.
97) 9) dialog: If the Gamesmakers approve it. If Seneca approves it.
97) 11) dialog: I just did. He said no. And asking again would be viewed as an act of dissent. Gale reacts - awe and disgust. Haymitch reads his mind:
97) 12) dialog: Yes, I'm a coward. And a drunk. I doubt you'd do any better on your twenty-fourth Games. He gulps down the rest of his drink. Signals for another. it's over. But Gale won't let up:
99) 0) text: Haymitch and Gale just saw that.
108) 2) dialog: Let me help her, Seneca. That leg is getting worse. (Seneca's silent) People like her. She's good theatre.
108) 6) dialog: If you're gonna put on a circus, at least make it a good one... That lands. The doors close. Irritated, Seneca moves to a desk, hits a button - messaging the Games Center below. Betto looks up. No one else can hear them: *
110) 0) text: Haymitch almost allows himself a moment of pride...
132) 0) text: A sober Haymitch watches. On his TV, he sees PEOPLE IN TH CAPITOL STREETS, cheering for Katniss and Peeta.
132) 1) dialog: Good. Good! More coffee, Effie?
135) 0) text: Haymitch is up, and out the door, leaving Effie behind.
135) 1) dialog: Finally! Something I can use! @ Effie giggles, excited. Haymitch heads off.
140) 2) text: ++-as Gale races across the railyard, jumping into that o car. The Railyard Worker shuts the door, runs away... mer seconds before the PEACEKEEPER SEARCHLIGHT lands on: Haymitch, an empty bottle in hand, pretending to be on a drunken stroll. (He just paid off the fleeing Railyard Gu Behind him is another SCREEN beaming The Games. So even n Haymitch is able to watch Katniss sleeping... as:
140) 3) dialog: ("slurred speech") Evenin', Officers! TWO PEACEKEEPERS lean out of the transport, annoyed.
144) 0) text: Haymitch sighs heavily. Effie is beside him.
144) 2) dialog: No she's not... Effie pats his hand. Haymitch appreciates it.
155) 14) text: And Haymitch for my only neighbor.
159) 0) text: Footsteps. Haymitch's. Also running - right at: lake...
160) 1) text: Haymitch bursts in. Seneca turns. They all do. Betto cock inserts himself in Haymitch's path, until: * A forearm shiver and a sweep kick, lightning fast... and Haymitch, reclaiming some long-lost skills, has put Betto the floor. Silence. Seneca smiles, amused and impressed.
160) 2) dialog: You son of a bitch.
167) 0) text: Haymitch, eyes shut, just can't watch.
178) 0) text: A sound. Haymitch turns: * Effie just burst in. Their eyes lock, pure dread... * 120. e EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING The kiss ends. Katniss looks up...
182) 2) text: But first, Haymitch approaches her, and leans in:
182) 3) dialog: (quiet, out of nowhere) Listen to me. You're in danger...
184) 0) text: Haymitch goes on, a quiet warning:
184) 1) dialog: The Capitol's furious about what you did in the Arena. The berries. It smacked of "rebellion." More O.S. APPLAUSE from that crowd - Peeta charming them.
184) 2) dialog: Here's what you say: you were so Madly in love you couldn't think straight. Understand? (Katniss is a blank) Understand?
184) 4) dialog: I didn't have to. He's already there. Huh? But just then, Flickerman calls out from the stage:
188) 0) text: Show's over. Katniss and Peeta leave the stage to great applause. Haymitch here to greet them.
188) 1) dialog: Great job you two. Just keep it up until we're back home and the cameras are off; we should be okay. Then he's gone, shaking hands with Flickerman... leaving Katniss alone with Peeta - who suddenly looks lost.
191) 2) dialog: Ready? Katniss nods, overloaded. Peeta misreading it entirely.