1) 3) text: »+.as KATNISS EVERDEEN walks past without turning. She's lean and hungry, with steel-gray eyes and a long dark bra
1) 4) text: a fighter, robbed of her little-girl years long ago. * On her right is that huge screen, broadcasting more of th spectacle. On her left, NEIGHBORS lead a shell-shocked * Corrina away. Katniss continues through the Square. * @ ...to find her sister, PRIMROSE EVERDEEN, (11, barely on to some innocence.) Prim quietly watches the Games.
1) 5) dialog: I'm gonna go catch some dinner.
1) 7) dialog: It's sweet that you keep asking - when you know I'm going to say no.
1) 9) dialog: "Eventually" is a long time from now, Prim. Look in on Mom. Prim nods. Katniss drifts out of the Town Square, onto wh was once a viable Main Street, bleak now. Behind her, 2,0 people keep watching The Games in a semi-hypnotic fog. .--except for one: PEETA MELLARK, a broad-shouldered boy 16, whose eyes, now and forever, are following Katniss -
3) 0) text: An untended MEADOW gives way to a large CHAIN-LINK FENCE stretches on forever. On the other side of it, FOREST. SIGNS line the fence: "No Trespassing Beyond This Point." "Violators Will Be Electrocuted." "Poaching is a Felony." eo Katniss, unimpressed, throws a stick at the fence. Not happens. She crawls under it, scooting in unharmed. © EXT. FOREST - DAY She heads for a felled LOG, reaches into its hollow. Feel for something, then extracts it: ~ A BOW, and ARROWS, wrapped in a sheath of plastic.
4) 0) text: Katniss is a born hunter. A born climber too. With her bo and arrow slung on her back, she climbs a tall tree, navigating the branches like a monkey.
5) 0) text: She settles, 30 feet up. Great vantage-point. And there i is, below - a WILD TURKEY. Katniss draws back her bow...
6) 0) text: The dead turkey has been tied to a stick, resting by Katniss's side. She's behind a ROCK, scouting her next ki Two large gray RABBITS. Maybe 30 yards from here. Katniss lines one up, draws back her bow. Tension in the string.. @ ..-when, suddenly, a HAND i: laced over mouth. Someone just come up behind her, out of nowhere. A BOY, whisperin
6) 4) dialog: How do you do that? How do you move without making a sound?
6) 6) dialog: Get to work. eo She gestures to the two large rabbits, drawing back he Gale draws his as well. They fire at the same time...
7) 0) text: Six rabbits on a stick now, and a second Wild Turkey. Gal and Katniss sit by a stream, eating fresh-picked greens. about to eat one when she yanks it away.
7) 2) dialog: That's Fawn's Leaf. You wanna throw up all night?
7) 4) dialog: Great. And what would we have to trade with? A lousy reality. He pushes the rest of the "meal" away.
7) 6) dialog: I think the guy from 2 is gonna win. Gale draws his bow back, indulging in a juvenile fantasy:
7) 8) dialog: Right, except your name's gonna be entered -- how many times? -- forty two times in the Reaping next year?
7) 10) text: Don't bother. It's too... (she's already gone) High. Katniss is halfway up the tree. Gale sighs, to himself:
7) 12) dialog: Oh. I almost forgot. (tony Capitol accent: ) Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be--
8) 0) text: They head for the electric fence with their haul. Katniss spots something - bends down for it:
8) 3) dialog: Do what?
8) 5) dialog: Who'd take care of Prim? And my mom?
8) 7) dialog: Didn't really think this through - ) did you? She's trying to diffuse it. He reddens a bit.
8) 9) dialog: These are my options? (Gale's silent) And I'm never having kids. With anybody. Not in this world. But thanks. They share a look...until an odd SILENCE suddenly falls.. The birds in the forest stop singing. Nothing moves. Eeri ...Then a BLUR, racing past us in sheer terror. It's a RED-HAIRED GIRL, (her name's LAVINIA), Katniss's a but dressed differently. Running for her life now.
8) 10) dialog: What was-- That fast, Lavinia is gone, racing for the fence. Katniss Gale whip around, to see what's chasing the poor kid. There's nothing back there. ..-until they hear it, from above... A HOVERCRAFT. Huge, propwash blowing treetops sideways over the fleeing Lavin Katniss and Gale hide behind a rock-shelf, watching, as t VOICE of an UNSEEN OFFICIAL booms from inside t raft:
8) 12) dialog: They'll kill you. Before Gale can reply, the net tightens, yanking Lavinia the air. And she's GONE, into the Hovercraft, abducted in mere seconds. Katniss just stares. We DISSOLVE TO:
8) 14) text: Used to be a COAL WAREHOUSE. Now it's a BLACK MARKET: car offering food, salt, coats, herbs - and all of it dicey. The feeling is hushed, dark, desperate. Gale trades with woman named GREASY SAE: some greens for a chunk of PARAFF Nearby, Katniss barters with a bread-seller named OPEQUON who is eyeing her dead rabbits, evaluating two side by si
8) 17) dialog: That one's spoken for. This is the one I'm trading.
8) 24) dialog: What happened to your eye, Peeta? Peeta'd been trying to conceal it, but he has a SHINER...
8) 26) text: I'll see ya, Katniss.
8) 27) dialog: ‘Night, Peeta. Thanks. He drifts off. She goes in the opposite direction. Gale, far from here, takes note, then returns to his trading. We FOLLOW KATNISS, through this warehouse of starving cru sellers, when something catches her eye: Corrina, the woman who lost a son this morning, sitting o stool, her eyes haunted - as her husband TYGART hawks som meager-looking CHESTNUTS. Tygart is in a fog, but Corrina is catatonic. Katniss pau torn... then makes a decision. She passes by Tygart, and:
8) 28) dialog: These'll help her sleep. My mom takes ‘em. She hands over two of the PURPLE BERRIES she picked today and she's gone... before Tygart can even say thank you.
9) 0) text: Katniss pulls a rickety wagon over cinder streets. A TRAI rumbles outside town, loaded with coal. On its side: "District 12 Coal - Powering the Capitol for 300 Years." There are no streetlights on - no power to feed them - bu that HUGE TV in the Town Square is on, as always... beami The Hunger Games, death as entertainment. A CROWD watches Katniss walks by without looking up.
10) 0) text: Small, crammed in, untended. Katniss leaves her wagon in yard, where a small GOAT is tethered.
11) 0) text: Dusty, unkempt. At a table sits MRS. EVERDEEN. She's 40 b looks 60, deadened by grief and fear. Katniss enters.
11) 1) dialog: I'm home.
11) 3) dialog: Look what I traded for. Katniss holds up TWO THREADBARE COATS she traded for toda
11) 5) dialog: Yours are both so worn. Let me see if it fits. Prim throws hers on. She's swimming in it.
11) 7) dialog: Mom? No reply. Katniss crosses to Mrs. Everdeen. A cat, BUTTER (mashed-in face, half an ear missing) jumps in the way.
11) 8) dialog: Move, Buttercup.
11) 10) dialog: Why, did he catch a mouse today? Did he do anything useful? (Buttercup hisses a bit) Another mouth to feed. She pushes Buttercup aside without much fanfare, then put the other coat across her mom's shoulders. No reaction.
11) 12) dialog: Mine's fine. Stand up, Mom. Let me see.
11) 15) text: +e 11. Katniss looks to Prim, who loves being in on a joke:
11) 18) dialog: And the Peacekeepers trade there too. * Mrs. Everdeen nods blankly. It saddens Katniss and Prim.
11) 19) dialog: C'mon, Prim. Help me with supper.
12) 2) dialog: Why would they call me?
12) 4) dialog: Don't worry. There'll be people with their names in there lots more times than me.
12) 6) dialog: Ssshbh. Prim falls silent. But just for a second.
12) 8) dialog: Mmm—-hmmm. 12.
12) 10) dialog: Which one?
12) 12) dialog: And then you'll sleep?
12) 14) dialog: Deep in the Meadow/Under a willow/ A bed of grass/A soft green pillow/ Lay down your head/Close your sleepy eyes/When they open again/The Sun will rise... Prim's eyes close. We DRIFT THROUGH this home... to find: Mrs. Everdeen is across the room, wide awake, listening..
12) 15) dialog: Here it's safe/Here it's warm/ Daisies guard you from every harm/ Dreams are sweet/They all come true/ Here is the place where I love you. Mrs. Everdeen quietly weeps - pure dread. We GO TO BLACK: ++-over which, a SUPER: "One Year Later." Then SMASH TO:
15) 0) text: A quiet, somber feeling in here, like dressing for a fune Katniss steps into a worn blue dress. Prim, now 12, tucks white blouse into a skirt. Their mother opens a wooden bo
15) 8) dialog: We'll pin it on tight. There. Katniss turns away - but Prim grabs her hand, urgently:
15) 10) dialog: Don't worry, Prim. We've used up all our bad luck already. The sisters study one another, then Prim turns away.
15) 11) dialog: Tuck in your tail, little duck. Prim's shirttail sticks out. Katniss takes care of it.
15) 13) dialog: Quack, yourself. Katniss hugs Prim tightly - letting on for the first time unnerving all this is - then kisses the top of her head.
15) 14) dialog: Can't be late, right?
16) 0) text: Packed - by the 8,000 RESIDENTS of District 12. They fill adjacent streets too. CAMERA CREWS look down from rooftop In front of the Justice Building we find a PODIUM, three chairs, a microphone... and two large GLASS BALLS, contai thousands of slips of paper. On each slip, a name... * Katniss guides a white-with-fear Prim through the crowd. There's a grim buzz in the air, a shared tension. PEACEKEEPERS in white uniforms herd everyone along: *
16) 4) dialog: She's twelve. He tugs Prim away. She calls out to Katniss, desperately:
16) 6) dialog: I'll see you at dinner. Dress casual. A reassuring smile - it helps - until Prim is led into th herd of twelve year-olds, waiting together. Katniss turns away, passing one tense teenage face after another, as: * MAYOR UNDERSEE speaks into the microphone on the podium:
16) 17) text: Even the COAL-TRAIN on the elevated track a few blocks aw has come to a stop, its CONDUCTOR watching. Effie squeezes her eyes shut, sticks her hand in the ball the boys' side, and plucks a name out. CLOSE ON Katniss, jaw clenched, fingers crossed at her si
16) 20) dialog: Sorry, Peeta. Somehow he breathes out a smile, despite the horror. It surprises her. Then Peeta's gone, and:
16) 27) dialog: {top of her lungs) I volunteer! Hold it. Everything just stopped again. All eyes - even t of the cameras - now find Katniss... whose voice seems to operating on its own.
16) 28) dialog: I volunteer as tribute! No one replies. On the faces of Gale, Peeta, Effie, every shock. Katniss heads for the stage, almost in a trance.
16) 31) text: My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'1l represent District Twelve.
16) 34) dialog: (pulling herself free) It's okay, Prim.
17) 0) text: Katniss is escorted into an elegant room by A PAIR OF PEACEKEEPERS who retreat and stand guard at the door. She sits on a velvet couch. Then Prim and Mrs. Everdeen enter Prim runs across the room and buries her face in Katniss’ lap, awash with tears. Katniss holds her tightly. Mrs. Everdeen is outside the hug, too bereft to function.
17) 1) dialog: It's gonna be okay, Mom. You'll have the money from Prim's goat-milk. And Gale will bring you game. Mrs. Everdeen half-nods, breaking down in sobs.
17) 2) dialog: Listen, Mom.
17) 4) dialog: (grabs her mom) Listen to me! (Mrs. Everdeen turns) You can’t do to her what you did to me. You can't disappear on her like you did when dad died - because there won't be any me around to look out for everybody. That registered. We can see Mrs. Everdeen take it in...
17) 6) dialog: Whatever happens, whatever you see on the screen, you have to fight through it and take care of her! Another nod. Prim clasps Katniss’s face in her hands.
17) 10) dialog: Really, really try. I swear it. Prim unlatches the MOCKINGJAY PIN from her dress and pins on Katniss with trembling hands.
17) 12) dialog: Prim, there're some things you're going to have to take care of now. @ The trading. That's gonna be you. (Prim's eyes go wide) You know what to pick in the forest. There are Katniss-plants by the creek; a bunch about this big is worth a loaf of bread at The Hob. Make sure you always bring back strawberries for the Mayor. He'll tell the Peacekeepers to leave you alone. But you have to check the fence with a stick EVERY time you go through it; one of these days they're gonna turn it on. Have you got all that? Prim nods, sort of. Katniss tries to lighten things:
17) 13) dialog: And take care of Buttercup, okay? He's gonna be so sad without me! Prim almost smiles. Almost. Then the moment shatters:
17) 18) dialog: I love you. * And they're gone. The door slams shut. Katniss stands the her arms hanging limply at her sides. Utterly alone.
18) 0) text: The Square is empty now. The Podium set has been struck. Everdeen, trying to be strong, leads Prim away... But Gale remains out here, alone, distraught. Staring... .-.at Katniss, barely visible through a second~story wind in the Justice Building. It's a final, wordless goodbye - until she's pulled away. We hear the sound of a TRAIN, as * oF
20) 0) text: Katniss drifts in. Everything in here is new to her. There's no tub. Instead... a shower. Huh? She hits a knob shocked when water comes out. She literally recoils. And there's her reflection, caught in the bathroom mirror Feels like a stranger looking back at her. We CUT TO:
21) 4) dialog: Is he going to tell us what to--
21) 6) dialog: Hungry people don't think much about manners. Effie tightens. Peeta's silent - his eyes riveted on the
21) 14) dialog: Then why do the winners always come from One, Two, and Four every year?
21) 25) dialog: Right. 'Cause it's a beauty contest. 26.
21) 29) dialog: More or less.
23) 0) text: Katniss tries to hide her awe, but it's an effort - becau we've just pulled into The Capitol - and it is dazzling. Wealth and excess. Splendor. Even this TRAIN STATION. 27. Everything gleams, overly bright. The colors look like ca Beautiful MUSIC drifts through hidden speakers. The CITIZ here are well-dressed, well-fed. And attentive: They stop, and wave at us. (The arrival of a Tribute Trai avery big deal around here.) Adults, kids, waving at us. Katniss, looking out the window of her compartment, can't quite bring herself to wave back. But Peeta can - leaning out of his window, right next to hers, waving graciously. The crowd loves it. Katniss does
24) 0) text: Haymitch and Effie lead the two junior celebrities throug the station. Feels like another planet to Katniss. They pass a VIRTUAL NEWSSTAND. One face appears on DOZENS I-MAGAZINE COVERS: "Seneca Crane - the genius behind the Hunger Games." Something tells Katniss to study this face A GIRL passes by, Katniss's age... with two healthy paren clean hair, a poodle on a leash... and an ice cream cone her hand. Licking happily.
24) 1) dialog: (re: ice cream) What's that? Effie laughs, certain that Katniss was kidding.
25) 0) text: Katniss just saw her first RESTAURANT. Ever. A clean plac where families eat... as she and Peeta are driven down th biggest street_in The Capitol. Think Emerald city - but with a sinister underbelly. The colors are heightened and saturated. The architecture is immaculate. People are grinning. But it all feels synthet
25) 1) dialog: Now I know where all that coal goes.
25) 3) text: EFFIE (cont'd) (Katniss eyes her) No one's going to sponsor you looking like this, Katniss. Could you blame them? A look from Haymitch tells Katniss not to fire back.
26) 7) dialog: Prim. Katniss's first word. In hours. The others eye her.
26) 9) dialog: It's Prim. And she hates make-up. A beat... Then these three howl with LAUGHTER. Peals of i
26) 13) dialog: My mother.
26) 18) dialog: I'm scared. That came out reflexively, shocking her. Cinna's touched.
26) 20) dialog: How'd you get stuck with District 12? I know all the stylists hate it.
27) 0) text: Katniss wears a black unitard, knee-high leather boots, a cape of orange and yellow. Peeta's in the same outfit... +-.as they stand on a CHARIOT. Four horses up front. Up ahead, ANOTHER CHARIOT vanishes around a corner into t BRIGHT-LIGHTS of a street outside. But our Chariot hasn't been sent out yet. Cinna grins, excited.
27) 4) dialog: What do you think about this?
27) 6) dialog: Deal.
28) 0) text: A wide boulevard - filled with CHARIOTS bearing the OTHER PAIRS OF TRIBUTES, gliding ahead of us gracefully. But none of those Tributes are on fire - which is why CHEERING CITIZENS, ten-deep, now gape at the sight of us, dazzled. Katniss has to SHOUT:
28) 1) dialog: Shouldn't Haymitch be around to protect us from this sort of thing?
28) 4) dialog: Okay. It feels now like every eye is on Katniss and Peeta, as:
30) 0) text: Massive doors close behind us. The parade's over. Silence And the letdown is profound: Buzz-kill, just like that as Katniss now faces ALL THE RE OF THE TRIBUTES. 22 children, most of whom will soon be d They exit their chariots, disrobing like strippers backst at a bad club. Katniss lets go of Peeta's hand.
30) 2) dialog: It didn't show.
30) 7) text: Katniss notices the dark-skinned girl from District 11, R just a child, looking awfully shaky as she removes her costume. For some reason, Katniss keeps staring at her...
30) 11) dialog: Oysters. *
30) 13) dialog: Pearls come from oysters. * Effie tightens... Across the room are Tributes we'll come to know: CATO and CLOVE from District 2. GLIMMER and MARVEL from District 1 all of them sculpted athletes. Katniss looks to Peeta.
30) 14) dialog: There they are. The Careers.
32) 0) text: Effie lectures Katniss and Peeta while touring them throu the TRAINING CENTER. Haymitch is here too, but only barel
32) 7) dialog: Isn't Peeta my competition too? Effie sighs, waiting for Haymitch to pounce. Forget it. T guy has checked out; it's less painful than engaging...
32) 14) dialog: He can wrestle. I've seen him. He's * strong.
32) 17) dialog: What's an Avox?
33) 1) text: Twelve. Like the District. We get the whole floor. Katniss is unimpressed.
33) 3) dialog: My eyes.
33) 5) text: The organs I just agreed to donate. * 39. The doors open. Katniss bursts out. They watch her go. INT. CAPITOL - TRAINING CENTER - KATNISS‘S ROOM - NIGHT A clean, well-appointed room. Katniss enters, miserable. Dinner is waiting here for her. On a silver tray. Steak, rice, salad... and a scoop of ice cream. She smashes the plates to the floor. Backs away, reeling. But that fast, her door opens - and a random, anonymous A (female) enters with a tray. The Avox kneels down to clea the mess. Katniss turns, embarrassed.
33) 6) dialog: Oh. I can do that. It's my... The Avox starts cleaning, gathering broken pieces... Katniss can't take it. She bends down, and starts helping with the clean-up. Two girls, silently fixing a mess. ++.until something takes Katniss's breath away: the face this Avox - because we've seen her before. She is Lavinia, the red-haired girl netted by that hoverc in the forest last year, while Katniss did nothing to hel And now she's an Avox. Her tongue cut out. Cleaning up a made by my tantrum. Katniss sags, ashamed.
33) 7) dialog: 
33) 9) dialog: I'm sorry. I should have saved you. I should've tried. No reply, of course. But there's a faint response in Lavinia's eyes. Then she takes the tray from the room. * Katniss, alone again. It all feels like a horrifying drea 40.
34) 1) text: ...to find Katniss alone, eyeing the brightly-lit city be
34) 5) dialog: They're worried about our safety. It's touching.
34) 7) dialog: I just don't like pretending. Ina couple days I'm gonna have to kill you or you'll have to kill me or--
34) 10) dialog: You're not planning to kill anybody?
34) 13) dialog: They've won already. Don't you know that?
34) 15) dialog: Well don't count on me, Peeta. I'm gonna do whatever I have to to get home again.
34) 17) dialog: Right. I know. I'm supposed to smile a lot and try to charm everybody - or convince them what a great-looking team you and I make. And why? So_ my death will be more interesting to them. I can't do that. Can you? (Peeta lets that go) They're sending us in there to kill each other. Oh, and on the way, give us some human-interest stuff too. Sorry. When I die they can just say, "Well, there goes that sullen girl from District 12. Too bad we didn't get to know her better."
34) 19) dialog: If that's all it takes, Peeta, I'm pretty sure you'll be the one who's still standing at the end. That wounded him. She leaves him alone on the roof...
35) 3) dialog: That mean you want us to try today?
35) 5) dialog: Thanks.
37) 0) text: A clock ticks. Peeta sits against a wall. Katniss paces, turns a corner, finds a water fountain. Leans in, until:
37) 2) dialog: Sir. Hi...
37) 4) dialog: Thank you.
37) 6) dialog: Fine.
37) 8) dialog: Oh, no. We've been in a Holding Room * all day. I think the Judges don't * want us checking out the competition. *
38) 0) text: Katniss enters the gym. The Gamesmakers barely turn. Some them tipsy now, most of them eyeing the BUFFET to their l She crosses to the ARCHERY STATION, grabs a bow and arrow takes aim at a DUMMY fifty yards away. Only half the Gamesmakers are even watching. She fires. .»--and misses left. A few more Gamesmakers turn away. Irritated, she makes a slight adjustment in the bow. ...and fires THREE RAPID SHOTS - hitting the Dummy in the heart, then the head, then severing the rope by which it hangs - but the Gamesmakers still aren't watching - becau
38) 2) dialog: Thanks for your consideration. She heads for a door - passing Haymitch.
38) 4) dialog: What can they do to me - kick me out of The Games?
39) 0) text: Katniss enters, shuts the door, slides down to the floor. And she lets it hit, for the first time, the terror and despair of all this. Tears come - in a wave, shaking her. Just a lost, frightened kid - sobbing... when:
39) 3) dialog: Please go away. Please... Effie keeps at it. Pounding. Katniss sobs, to no one...
39) 4) dialog: I wanna go home. Prim, I wanna come home! Lost, as the sun sets on the artificial candy Capitol...
41) 0) text: EYE SHADOW, applied to Katniss's closed eyes - as we HEAR
41) 7) dialog: I look like....
41) 10) dialog: Haymitch says I'm sullen and hostile.
41) 12) dialog: Yeah. His name's Gale. But he hates all this.
41) 14) dialog: I dunno.
42) 0) text: Katniss joins the OTHER TRIBUTES, each made-over, backsta at an AMPHITHEATRE. Peeta, in a black suit with flame accents, nods to her. No one else acknowledges her at all ...except for Rue, in a gossamer gown with wings, who off her a nervous smile. Katniss mouths to her: “You look nic Rue blushes, as a MAN rushes past. He is CAESAR FLICKERMA his face painted white; his hair, lips, and eyelids powde blue. His suit dotted with tiny light bulbs. We hear:
46) 28) dialog: You mean after I got over my fear of being burned alive? The audience LAUGHS.
46) 30) dialog: I thought Cinna was brilliant and it was the most gorgeous costume I'd ever seen. I couldn't believe I was wearing it. I can't believe I'm wearing this either!
46) 31) text: Katniss looks to Cinna, who makes the tiniest circular mo with his finger, twirl for me. Katniss hesitates... then: She twirls. The Audience eats it up.
46) 36) dialog: All I can say is, I think it was a first.
46) 38) dialog: I doubt my fellow Tributes paid much attention to it.
46) 40) dialog: Her name’s Prim. She’s just twelve. And I love her more than anything.
46) 42) dialog: She asked me to try really hard to win. And I swore I would.
46) 47) text: PEETA (cont'd) . So I catch on fire two, three times a © week anyway. The audience LAUGHS. Katniss is watching, assessing him.
47) 0) text: BOOM! Katniss puts both palms into Peeta's chest, knockin him backward. He falls into a potted plant, cutting his h
47) 2) dialog: You had no right to do that! 55. @ Effie and Haymitch rush over, alarmed.
47) 5) dialog: Did you put him up to this?
47) 8) dialog: What the hell does that mean?
47) 10) dialog: He made me look weak.
47) 12) dialog: But we're not Star-Crossed Lovers!
48) 0) text: Katniss, alone. It's the night before the Games, and she' wreck, no chance of sleeping. Staring at that Mockingjay Then, a knock at her door. Must be Peeta. Great. She cros to it, annoyed. Opens it. That fast, her jaw drops - because: Gale is standing here. Cleaned up. Dressed like an AVOX.
50) 0) text: Katniss pulls Gale into her room, scared to death for him
50) 1) dialog: How did you--
50) 3) dialog: That was reckless, Gale. They kill people for infiltrating the Capitol.
50) 5) dialog: You can help me by taking care of Prim and my mother. I can't do this if I'm worrying about-- *
50) 7) dialog: Ooh. He extracts something from inside the jumpsuit he's been wearing. Four pieces of ARTIST'S PAPER. He lays them out: FOUR DRAWINGS OF KATNISS stare up at us now. Sketches, lovingly rendered. Beautiful... She sags a bit.
50) 8) dialog: Gale. You shouldn't've--
50) 15) dialog: We didn't get to say goodbye, before.
50) 17) dialog: Not people.
50) 19) dialog: You should go. There's a curfew.
50) 21) dialog: Then... She puts those three fingers to her lips, offering him th same wordless gesture. He nods, eyes welling. Returns it. Then he opens the door. And her eyes go wide once again: ..-because Lavinia is out here, waiting in the hall. Gale nods to her - which tells Katniss that Lavinia is the one got him into this building. Hence Katniss's utter awe.
51) 2) text: +e HHH HH 59. @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODD every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation. One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Gam There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute will die first, what the first cause of death will be, an “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win. At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even a this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing al those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed. There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. * Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
52) 0) text: @ Dawn breaks. Katniss awakens... and gasps: .--because Haymitch is here, kneeling by the edge of her Hasn't slept all night. He leans in with quiet urgency:
55) 0) text: A PEACEKEEPER leads Katniss to a door. On it, the words, "This Launch Room was used on Day One of the 74th Hunger Games by Katniss Everdeen - Female, District 12." Peacekeeper opens the door, revealing a dressing room.
56) 0) text: She's in simple tawny pants, light green blouse, brown be thin hooded black jacket, leather boots over socks. Cinna braids her hair. Katniss just stares. Numb silence.
58) 5) text: Then a lost look crosses them. And red spray plumes from mouth. He staggers forward, releasing his grip on the pac «..revealing a knife in his back - thrown from 20 yards a by Clove, who has two more knives in hand. Katniss freeze Then she wheels, sprinting away while throwing the backpa over her shoulders. We hear a deadly WHIZZING sound... This knife implants itself in the backpack. Katniss keeps running, doesn't look back, leaving behind the horror of Cornucopia. Adolescents killing each other. And each time a body falls, another CANNON BLAST can be heard. Three, four, five... Katniss keeps running. We CUT
61) 0) text: Katniss sits, parched and panting. Opens the backpack. The contents: One thin black sleeping bag, pack of cracke pack of beef strips, bottle of iodine, box of wooden matc coil of wire, sunglasses, a half-gallon water jug - EMPTY
64) 0) text: Katniss, on a branch 50 feet up, bunking in: 64. She loops her BELT around a branch to secure her sleeping bag. Climbs in the bag...
67) 0) text: Katniss is alone. NIGHT CREATURES chitter around her. Abo her, IMAGES are projected onto the sky. FACES... of today casualties: Bravura, and the Boy from 9, and others. But no Peeta. Katniss sighs, relieved. The last face is replaced by the CAPITOL SEAL, as the sounds of the NATION ANTHEM begin to soar...
70) 0) text: Katniss, belted onto that branch, is awakened - by the so of SNAPPING TWIGS. Her eyes bounce open, instant vigilanc A GIRL TRIBUTE runs by, fifty feet below - tired, hungry, scared. The Girl finds a nearby rock to hide behind. Katn stays still. SUPER: "DAY TWO". Then, a distinct sound: two rocks being rubbed together, sparking. And... SMOKE, a thin wisp of it, rising up from behind that rock. Katniss mutters, incredulous, to no one
70) 1) dialog: Idiot. The smoke snakes its way up. Her eyes close. We CUT TO:
71) 0) text: Katniss is awakened again - this time by the HEAVY FOOTFA of SEVERAL PAIRS OF BOOTS, coming right at her. Trouble. She goes rigid, frightened to see SIX TRIBUTES down there running this way - hunting as a pack. Not good. They flank the large rock that the Fire-Starter is behind and Katniss hears the rest: A shocked scream. A plea for mercy. "Please!"... Then death. Followed by a CANNON BLAS The PACK-MEMBERS emerge from behind the rock. Katniss can their arms, legs - then faces - both Tributes from 1, bot Tributes from 2, the Girl from 4. And their voices now:
71) 4) text: The others laugh; then a THIRD BOY emerges from the kill. And Katniss's eyes go wide. Utterly shocked to see:
73) 0) text: Stillness. Then the top of this tree begins to blow sidew Katniss has to hang on, literally. A WHOOSH OF AIR. ..-.it's another HOVERCRAFT, descending. The arms extend it, disappearing behind that boulder. Next thing Katniss is the body of Fire-Starter Girl, vanishing into the craf
74) 0) text: A SCORCHING SUN overhead - Katniss panting as she walks. 67. She pulls those SUNGLASSES from her backpack, tries them They distort her vision entirely. She puts them back agai drags herself to the site of the SNARE she'd set up. Insi a dead rabbit. She grabs it, wearily.
77) 1) dialog: Nightlock. She tosses them away and keeps going.
78) 0) text: Katniss sags against a boulder - lips burning, eyes shut, beating down on her. What comes out is a barely audible p
78) 1) dialog: Water, Haymitch. Please...
79) 0) text: Katniss stumbles, weary. The ground starts to spin. She k moving, leaning on that stick. Then she drops, collapsing. Silence.
80) 0) text: Haymitch just saw that, of course - Katniss, in a heap...
81) 0) text: Katniss is flat on her back, delirious. We MOVE IN ON HER FACE - then down her shoulders, an arm, a hand, fingers.. +..when we notice that they're moving in something. Mud. That means water. Her eyes SNAP OPEN. She rolls on to her stomach and starts to crawl, urgently, trying to find the source wetting this ground. Crawling in mud, like an anim Up ahead, a tangle of plants. She plows through it, to:
82) 1) dialog: One, two, three, four, five, six... Still counting. The patience is inhuman.
84) 0) text: Katniss, waiting before she can drink the water safely... 69.
84) 1) dialog: Two-hundred ninety-eight. Two-hundred ninety-nine... Three-Hundred. Now she can drink. She empties the jug into her mouth, al crying from relief. One long delicious chug. She refills it, drops another Iodine pellet in. Starts counting again. One, two, three-- ...until a THUNDEROUS SOUND snaps her head around. She tu ...toward a horror -- TERRIFIED ANIMALS, bursting out of woods in a STAMPEDE, coming this way... Because a WALL OF FLAMES is behind them - mountainous, fa moving - a FOREST FIRE, barrelling at us. Katniss is spun around and nearly trampled by the panicki animals. She turns, fleeing, carrying that jug like a football, her backpack bouncing on her back.
87) 0) text: Katniss gets to the other side of a huge rock ~ nothing burning within fifty yards of her. She sags back, gasping Searing pain in her chest, but she's unburned. She stuffs water-jug back into the backpack. +--until a strange thin HISS cuts the air. She looks up. «-.as a FIREBALL whizzes within an inch of her head, IMPLODING on the boulder behind her. This wasn't part of the forest fire. It was MAN~MADE, the size of an apple... and it was aimed right at her. 70. She bolts up, sprinting away. Hears another HISS. Flatten herself to the ground as a SECOND FIREBALL surges over he slamming into a tree, instantly immolating it. She gets to her feet. Running. Gasping. Smoke everywhere. THIRD HISS - this fireball so close it takes six inches o her braid. But she keeps running. No animals in sight now Fire on all sides of her. Up ahead is the edge of a CLIFF we can't see what's below it. A FOURTH HISS cuts the air. She runs blindly, eyes burning. The FOURTH FIREBALL blaze across her left calf, setting it on fire. Instant agony. Fire bearing down on her, that precipice up ahead... Anot HISS — another FIREBALL coming at her. She's running, cry @ying. And here comes the cliff. It's that or burn to dea SHE JUMPS, blind, no idea what's below -- that last FIREB barely misses her. Then she sees what's beneath her: A VALLEY FLOOR, 500-feet down. Death. She plummets, helpl
89) 0) text: Katniss, falling, hurtling into oblivion, eyes shut... .--when suddenly, she LANDS, in mid-air, bouncing up as i she'd hit an unseen TRAMPOLINE. Actually, she has. It's another PLASMA FIELD - stretching across this vast chasm. Christ. Katniss bounces on it gen now - in utter shock. A STEEL LADDER has been drilled into the face of the clif from which she just leapt. She eyes it, awed.
91) 0) text: Katniss is on solid ground again, lying on her belly, her hands plunged into a tiny pool. 71. @ The flames painted on her nails are chipping off. Good. had enough of fire now. She sits up, cuts the remains of pant-leg away, braces herself... and nearly faints: SEARED FLESH stares back at her. Her CALF, bright red. Sh tries to breathe, but can't. Agony is coming; she knows t She grabs the PLASTIC SHEET from her backpack, folds it i a palm-sized square. Puts it in her mouth, bites down... »-.-and plunges the leg into the pond. The pain is awful eyes tearing. But she leaves the leg in there. She swallows a gulp from her jug. Refills it again, drops another Iodine pellet in. Functioning... She empties her backpack, starts inventorying all her belongings again. Methodically. It's comforting somehow. looks around, spots a TALL PINE. The sun's setting...
93) 0) text: Katniss climbs, wincing each time her calf hits bark. Ago
95) 0) text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down... «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
98) 0) text: Katniss rests against the tree trunk, her seared calf dangling off the branch. Below, the Careers sleep. Then, a flicker. She squints, tracking it. Twenty feet aw A pair of EYES - watching her. Is it an animal...? She gr for that arrow, as if it might somehow defend her, then l closer, in spotty moonlight... until she realizes: The pair of eyes staring at her... they belong to RUE - w has been hiding on a neighboring tree all along. 80 feet A silent moment, two girls, staring at one another... whe Rue silently points a single finger, the universal gestur for "Look up, over your head." Katniss looks up... And there it is, right above her, hanging from a tall bra A WASPS' NEST. Big, round, the size of a beach-ball...
100) 0) text: Katniss looks up at the nest, then to Rue, then to the Careers sleeping below... And an idea hits her. She puts that knife back in her teeth, and climbs even higher. Agonizing, but she does it. Rue watching... 76.
103) 0) text: Dawn. SUPER: "Day Three." Katniss hasn't slept. The branc nearly sawed off. She looks down to Rue, "Ready?" Rue nod 95 feet down, the Careers sleep... until: Movement: Cato, beginning to awaken. Katniss is out of ti So she starts SAWING. Fast. Desperate. The branch starts crack. The BUZZING in the nest grows louder. Cato looks u
104) 0) text: She reaches the ground, bearing her backpack. Already, WE are growing from the stings. Her calf still searing... She approaches the body of Glimmer, warily. It's barely h now - face distorted out of proportion. And still breathi The tip of that BOW peeks out from beneath her. Katniss reaches under the faintly-breathing body to extra the bow. Glimmer's eyes flicker. Katniss avoids them, gra the bow. Then the TEN ARROWS... They're still clutched in Glimmer's fist. Katniss tries t pry the fingers away. Glimmer holds tight - fighting, eve now. Her face a balloon, blood and GREEN OOZE everywhere. Katniss hears a CANNON, sees a HOVERCRAFT descending not from here to get the Girl from 4. Soon, the craft will be coming for Glimmer - so this has to be done: She grabs a rock and SMASHES IT DOWN on Glimmer's hand. T fingers release their grip. Katniss grabs the arrows. 78. Then, a shock: Peeta racing toward us, through branches. carrying a SPEAR, his body covered in WELTS. Katniss tries to stand. Can barely do it. Lifts her bow,
106) 0) text: She awakens where she fell, beside the pool, surprised to find that she's been COVERED by her sleeping bag. She bli A familiar face looks down at her from a branch above. Ru She's smiling. Katniss smiles too.
107) 0) text: Katniss and Rue share a branch twenty feet up. Rue pulls LEAVES from a fanny-pack. Starts chewing them.
107) 1) dialog: How many are still alive? Rue answers, but her mouth is full of leaves so it's garb
107) 2) dialog: Huh? Rue spits out the leaves, chewed now into a PASTE...
107) 5) dialog: Thank you.
107) 8) dialog: I'll be okay. Are you hungry? Rue nods. Katniss reaches in her bag, pulls out the RABBI she'd half-finished. Hands it to Rue - whose eyes go wide
107) 13) dialog: I thought people from Eleven always had plenty to eat, since you grow everything there.
107) 16) dialog: Those? They're useless. Can't see anything through ‘em.
107) 19) dialog: How many of them?
107) 21) dialog: What about the Boy from my District? Peeta? Was he with them? Rue shakes her head. Katniss nods, pleased. Rue sags a bi
107) 22) dialog: Don't be afraid, Rue. We can beat these guys. 81.
107) 23) text: s How? You can't run on that. She looks to that seared calf. Katniss tightens, irritate
107) 24) dialog: It‘s fine. (Rue's unconvinced) They don't know how to be hungry like we do. They don't know how to forage.
107) 26) dialog: We're gonna fix that tomorrow - and take all their stuff. After that, they're ours.
109) 0) text: Katniss and Rue share the sleeping bag. Stillness.
109) 2) dialog: Oh. My father loved mockingjays.
109) 4) dialog: Could be for you.
109) 6) dialog: Thank you, Haymitch!
111) 0) text: SUPER: "Day Four." Katniss's calf, remarkably, has almost fully healed overnight. She and Rue pack carefully.
111) 2) dialog: Burn it. Dump it in the lake. Eat it! (Rue giggles) Don't worry. I'll think of something. Destroying things is a lot easier than making them. You remember where the fires go? (Rue nods) We'll meet by our tree, where the nest was. Take the sleeping bag - in case I can't get back by night.
111) 4) dialog: I'll see you at dinner. Dress casual. 84.
111) 6) dialog: You too, little duck. A surprising HUG. Then they take off in opposite directio
112) 0) text: Katniss emerges from behind brush - scouting, listening f unseen threats, her bow taut and ready. There's her targe Four Careers, camped 100 yards from the Cornucopia... Cato, Clove, Marvel - surly and covered in welts - and th BOY FROM 3. Their SUPPLIES are stacked in a PYRAMID: crat plastic bins, a burlap sack, all covered by mesh netting. Katniss takes it in, eyes darting... then:
115) 0) text: Katniss stumbles - battered, bleeding, nearly deaf... 86.
116) 0) text: Katniss taps the side of her head to make her ear functio No luck. She pours some water over it, washing blood away WHOOSHING sound that distorts things even further. Then, overhead, TWO MOCKINGJAYS land on a branch, eyeing strangely. They emit a SONG - a few notes - with an urgen to it. A warning maybe. But Katniss can't hear it. Then: She spots SMALL FOOTPRINTS in the ground - Rue's - just a SOUND pierces her deafness, horribly: A scream. From a child. Rue. God no. Katniss calls out:
116) 1) dialog: Rue? No reply. She starts running, while drawing her bow...
116) 2) dialog: 
116) 5) dialog: I'm coming, Rue! Hang on! Racing, through the leaves of a low-hanging branch, to se Rue, on the ground, entangled in a net. And Marvel, five away, spear in hand, about to let it fly. He does so - just as Katniss fires an arrow at him. The two weapons pass one another in mid-air... Marvel is hit, in the throat. He drops instantly. But Kat can't celebrate... «»-because Rue's body is now curled around the spear. No.
116) 6) dialog: Oh no... Oh no... Rue... (head on a swivel) Are there more? Are there more? Rue shakes her head. Katniss pushes Marvel's body aside, kneels down, takes Rue's hand. A CANNON BLASTS. 87.
116) 8) dialog: Every bit of it. Just stay still. The spear is buried in Rue's belly. She can barely breath Katniss cuts the netting away.
116) 10) dialog: Stay still. Rue tightens, her hands spasming. Katniss holds on tighte
116) 12) dialog: I'm right here. Katniss moves in closer, trying NOT to look at the blood. But Rue's going to die. They both know it. Their eyes mee
116) 14) dialog: Sure. What do you-- Rue shrugs; it doesn't matter. Katniss nods, opens her mo But no sounds come out. Her throat's too tight with tears She gathers herself - just has to. Then she begins:
116) 15) dialog: Deep in the Meadow/Under a willow/ A bed of grass/A soft green pillow/ Lay down your head/Close your sleepy eyes/When they open again/The Sun will rise... Rue lets her eyes close. Katniss keeps singing:
116) 16) dialog: Here it's safe/Here it's warm/ Daisies guard you from every harm/ Dreams are sweet/They all come true/ Here is the place where I-- 88. -.-.when she's interrupted, by a CANNON BLAST. God, no... She looks down. Rue is dead. Katniss just stares...
116) 17) dialog: -.-love you. Silence. Then those MOCKINGJAYS trill sadly. Katniss pres her lips to Rue's temple, releases Rue's tiny hand. Then she looks up, wanting those unseen cameras above to her rage. It's hard to miss. She rises...
117) 0) text: Katniss marches along, bereft but resolved, searching for something... Then she sees it: a bank of wildflowers.
118) 0) text: Katniss decorates Rue's body with flowers, one stem at a time. Covering Rue's wound, wreathing her head, weaving petals through Rue's hair. A sad, loving farewell. +..until all we can see of Rue is her tiny face. Then Kat tenderly affixes that mockingjay pin on to Rue's clothes.
119) 0) text: People from Katniss's District watch, weeping, as: Katniss stands, almost at attention - and gives Rue that SILENT SALUTE we've seen twice now: three fingers to the lips. While a mockingjay softly trills Rue's melody...
119) 1) dialog: ‘Bye, Rue. (through tears...) You're safe now. Good and safe... Then the people in this Square, unseen by Katniss, return gesture. Fingers to lips, the silent salute, as:
120) 0) text: Rue's home-town. Rural. THOUSANDS of FARMERS watch, beref They too return the SILENT SALUTE to Katniss. But a few clusters of people are smoldering. TEENS. We ca feel them drifting away from the Town Square...
121) 0) text: Katniss quietly collects the items from Rue's backpack: * sleeping bag, water skin, extra socks, slingshot, some fo And, from Marvel's backpack: knives, spearheads, flashlig leather pouch, med-kit, full water bottle, dried fruit. EXT. ARENA — CREEK - DUSK Katniss wanders, her guard down, too sad to be afraid. Th she stumbles onto something that makes her feel even wors Rue's_ signal fire, still smoking. Katniss sags, lost. Sh hears two GROOSLINGS on a branch above...
122) 0) text: The Grooslings cook. Smoke wafts up. Katniss doesn't care Then another SILVER PARACHUTE drifts down, landing at her feet. She opens the box... to find a LOAF OF BREAD inside «»ewith a note: "From the People of District 11." Katniss can barely react at first. Too touched. She breat out a sad smile, then looks up to the sky:
122) 1) dialog: My thanks to the people of District Eleven. She leaves this clearing behind - as we RETURN TO:
125) 0) text: She's in her sleeping bag on a branch, alone. Up in the s the faces of the District 3 Boy, and Marvel... and Rue. Then the ever-present Capitol Seal... and the Anthem. We WITH KATNISS as it plays. Rage hardening her face... unti
125) 3) dialog: Peeta!
126) 0) text: Gale lies on a bunk - in the musty, stale air of the AVOX BARRACKS - 5,000 silenced souls around him. An everpresen just showed him Katniss, saying that name: Peeta... Gale swallows a reaction... as TINY FEET rumble past: A T YEAR-OLD BOY, chasing a GIRL through these barracks. The boy has fashioned a fake BOW-AND-ARROW from a stick a two knotted shoelaces, pretending to shoot at his quarry. Gale watches, touched. Saddened too. Then a HUGE NOISE, a The barrack doors burst open. FIVE PEACEKEEPERS, shouting
128) 0) text: Morning. "Day Five." Katniss has lit a big FIRE. Lots of SMOKE. She leaves it behind, setting out in search of Pee
131) 5) dialog: Peeta! What're you doing down there?
131) 8) dialog: Could that be real? Could we really make it out of here?
131) 10) dialog: Are you hurt? No reply. Then she sees it, something uneven about the contour of his mud-caked leg. He shrugs, won't explain. So she brushes away some of the gunk camouflaging him - u it's right there, gaping at us: A GASH, in his leg. Hidden by mud but deep. Very. Damn it
131) 12) dialog: I can fix it, Peeta.
131) 14) dialog: My mom was a healer once, remember? We saw all kinds of injuries from guys in the mines - just need to get you cleaned up so I can see how deep it goes. Can you walk? 94. Ce She grabs his hands and yanks him to his feet. Literal He staggers, utterly unable to bear his own weight. She catches him, their faces suddenly an inch apart...
131) 16) dialog: Thanks. Have you eaten?
131) 20) dialog: Nobody's dying. She unzips his jacket. Pulls it off him. Then his shirt - revealing TWO BURNS, and FOUR TRACKER-JACKER WELTS.
131) 21) dialog: You have underwear on, right?
131) 23) dialog: Good. She undoes his belt. Awkward, for both of them - but oddl @ stimulating. Unbuttons his PANTS, pulls them down. 95.
131) 24) dialog: sit. He sits on the plastic sheet. She slides his pants off, washes them in the river - delaying the inevitable. Leave them to dry on a rock. Then returns. His leg wound is still covered in mud. She takes the wate jug, stands over him, hands him a thin STICK.
131) 26) dialog: It helps to bite down on something. He puts the stick in his mouth. She nods, then empties th jug onto his wound. He seizes with pain... +.-because the gash in his leg goes down to the bone. We PUS, lots of it. Katniss recoils, then feigns calm:
131) 27) dialog: Rue gave me some leaves that draw out infection. We just have to get you somewhere dry for a couple days. (Peeta doubts it...) And you have to eat something.
131) 29) dialog: There are some dried pears in my bag. We'll try those. Up. She pulls him to his feet...
132) 0) text: A sober Haymitch watches. On his TV, he sees PEOPLE IN TH CAPITOL STREETS, cheering for Katniss and Peeta.
133) 0) text: Katniss labors to bear Peeta's weight as they inch their through the woods. He's trying to stomach some pear slice
133) 2) dialog: Shut up and eat your pears. He enjoyed that. But every step is sheer agony on that le
133) 3) dialog: There's a cave a little farther up the river...
134) 0) text: A big CAVE, its mouth concealed. Katniss covers the floor with pine needles, then lays out her sleeping bag. Peeta looks through her backpack, assessing supplies.
134) 1) dialog: You need rest... She lowers him down - which puts her face mere inches fro his open wound. She cringes without meaning to.
134) 3) dialog: It's fine. I'm just, not a big fan of pus.
134) 5) dialog: Your fever's still up. And we have to get some more food in you.
134) 7) dialog: It wasn't a request. ..-which is when she notices the TINY CAMERA, mounted up in a back corner of the cave. Peeta notices it too. 97. e ...so it's hard to tell if this is performance, or sinc
134) 9) dialog: Twelves have to stick together, right? She starts to rise. He grabs her hand - dead serious:
134) 11) dialog: Sssshhh.
134) 15) dialog: Get some sleep.
134) 17) dialog: I will. In a bit.
136) 1) dialog: Horrible.
136) 3) dialog: Might've fooled a deer or something - but not Cato. She starts to rebuild it again...
137) 0) text: The cave-mouth has been concealed now. Katniss eyes Peeta asleep in the sleeping bag - then climbs in beside him. It's odd, being this close to him. Feeling him. She puts hand to his forehead - it's burning hot. His eyes open. And here we are, inches apart. He strokes stray hair from her forehead. It seems genuine, comfortin She wants it to go on, which surprises her. He smiles, nothing said. She lets her eyes close...
140) 2) text: ++-as Gale races across the railyard, jumping into that o car. The Railyard Worker shuts the door, runs away... mer seconds before the PEACEKEEPER SEARCHLIGHT lands on: Haymitch, an empty bottle in hand, pretending to be on a drunken stroll. (He just paid off the fleeing Railyard Gu Behind him is another SCREEN beaming The Games. So even n Haymitch is able to watch Katniss sleeping... as:
141) 0) text: "Day Six." Katniss awakens ~ to find Peeta sitting agains cave wall, holding her bow and arrow. On guard.
141) 2) dialog: How long was I out?
141) 5) dialog: You'll be fine.
141) 7) dialog: We just have to outlast the others, that's all. The doctors in the Capitol will fix you up after we win. She's about to rise, but she stops herself - following so impulse she can't identify... and kisses his forehead. Gently, affectionately. It surprises them both. Then it e KATNISS (CONT’D) Sleep. I'll go get us some lunch.
142) 0) text: Peeta awakens, to find a SPREAD before him: roots, berrie And Katniss standing guard at the mouth of the cave.
142) 2) dialog: I'm light-footed. She just felt a twinge of guilt. Shakes it off.
142) 4) dialog: You want me to stop worrying about you. I won't.
142) 6) dialog: Can't do that, Peeta. I owe you. *
142) 8) dialog: Yeah I do. The first gift is always the toughest to repay. Ya know? That touched him. She takes his hand, as: Templesmith again. Overhead. The Voice of God:
142) 11) dialog: There'll be medicine there.
142) 13) dialog: Who said I was?
142) 15) dialog: Right. I'm gonna run into the middle of some free-for-all against Cato and Clove and Thresh. Give me some credit, okay?
142) 19) dialog: You can't stop me, Peeta.
142) 21) dialog: We can both survive. He said it. I'm not gonna sit here and watch you di-- She stops just short of saying it. Die. He eyes her. She tightens, frustrated... And marches out of the cave. ++.just as ANOTHER SILVER PARACHUTE, bearing a BOX, gentl wafts down from the sky, landing at her feet. Her eyes li up; there must be medicine in there! Hope!
143) 1) dialog: Dammit, Haymitch!
145) 0) text: The VIAL is empty now. Katniss pockets it. .-.then starts feeding Peeta with a spoon - strawberries, mashed into a paste. He's too delirious with fever to not 103.
145) 2) dialog: Strawberries. The Mayor's favorite.
146) 0) text: Katniss peeks out from behind a tree. Nine ARROWS in her quiver. NIGHT-VISION GOGGLES on. Through them we see HER The CORNUCOPIA, fifty yards away. Nothing moving... +.-euntil she hears TWO METALLIC CLICKS. Then a patch of round OPENS UP in front of e Cornucopia - something emerging from below on a PLATFORM... a TABLE.
146) 1) text: Four items on it: Two LARGE BACKPACKS marked "2" and "11" smaller backpack marked "5". And a POUCH marked "12." There's medicine in there. Katniss knows it... But she ca be the first to risk bursting from the woods to run for i She looks around. Where are the other Tributes? Then, a STARTER'S PISTOL FIRES. And before Katniss can bl FoxFace emerges from inside the Cornucopia itself, swipes "#5" bag, and vanishes into the woods again. In mere seco Katniss shakes her head, impressed. Stillness returns. No movement in the trees. She steels herself.
146) 2) dialog: Okay, Peeta. Here we go... And she BOLTS, head up. Seen through the GREEN GLOW of he glasses, it's a scary trek - racing for:
147) 2) text: A KNIFE, hurled by CLOVE. Katniss gets a hand up, deflect the knife with her bow, turns, fires an ARROW. It hits Cl in the arm - as Katniss gets to the table. She slips that tiny #12-POUCH on to her wrist. Turns... This KNIFE comes too quickly to evade - whizzing through air, gashing her forehead. Katniss staggers, drops to a k Clove is running right at_us now - arm bleeding, eyes let A KNIFE IN EACH HAND. Katniss tries to draw back an arrow but there's no time. She's a goner. Clove, barrelling in- Then, shockingly, Clove is knocked sideways, on to her ba «.-by a rock the size of a volleyball, hurled from the darkness. Clove quivers on the ground - disoriented, bloo Katniss is almost as confused as Clove is. Who threw that Then Thresh emerges... to re-claim the rock he just threw He stands over Clove, lifts it into the air, and brings i down_on Clove's skull. Katniss watches, awed. CANNON BLAS Now Thresh comes at Katniss, stands over her. He seems hu from down here, his eyes dull. And she's dazed, helpless.
147) 3) dialog: Do it fast. Okay, Thresh? ..-which is when Thresh shocks Katniss - and us - by calm Placing something into her palm: The mockingjay pin she'd buried with Rue. Katniss gasps.
148) 0) text: Katniss runs for her life - crying, forehead bleeding bad Another CANNON BLAST. Dear God. She just keeps running...
149) 0) text: Katniss staggers in. Peeta's in a fever dream, mumbling. gets to his side, and opens the kit she just bled for. Inside: a hypodermic needle, syringe, gauze... She sticks the needle into his arm, pushes hard on the plunger, then sags down to the cave-floor, unconscious.
150) 0) text: "Day Seven." She awakens - to a new world: Rain, thunder. forehead bandaged. And Peeta, healthy again - by her side .--but his eyes are red. As if he'd been crying recently. Katniss blinks, studying him in profile. (He doesn't know she's awake.) She can see that his leg looks healthier no and bandaged. So why's he so upset?
150) 1) dialog: Peeta? Are you...? He buttons it up quickly. Turns, faces her.
150) 3) dialog: Your leg looks better. Is it okay?
150) 6) text: eo KATNISS For me. That just blurted out - and it surprised him. Her too.
150) 8) dialog: I did it for me. Just didn't want to be without you. Again, she's realizing it just as she's saying it...
150) 10) dialog: I don't know! ‘Cause you're Peeta Mellark, the Boy With the Bread. (fumbling...) You're the Boy With the Bread. And-- e Then she's silenced... by a whopper of a kiss. A real o It's soft, but urgent. And it lands, wobbling both of the When it ends, he pulls her close - whispering, so no one in the world can hear:
150) 13) dialog: I guess maybe I did wonder now and then how all those loaves kept getting burned by accident.
150) 18) dialog: I know. I've see-- She stops short. He's not sure why. Then, suddenly, the rain stops - as if a faucet had been turned off. The skies clear in an instant, the forest flo filling with sunshine. It feels jarring, ominous. And Katniss knows what it means - hence her dread.
150) 19) dialog: Oh no... (a beat) He's gonna drive us back to the lake now. Once it gets down to the Final Four, he always does something to get everyone together. Can you walk?
150) 21) dialog: Not until we're stronger. Not until we've eaten. He nods. They rise, both wounded, helping each other...
152) 0) text: Katniss, bow in hand, walks a gentle incline of forest fl Peeta's hobbling, but trying to keep up.
152) 2) dialog: You've got to move more quietly.
152) 4) dialog: And telling Cato where we are, yeah. 108. ® He tries to walk lighter. No good. Katniss tightens, ir
152) 5) dialog: Can you take your boots off?
152) 7) dialog: Are you trying to get us killed?
152) 10) dialog: It's only because your leg's hurt.
152) 12) dialog: ‘kay? (he nods) Stay in the neighborhood - in case I get into trouble. He takes that pretty well. She hurries into the forest...
153) 1) dialog: Damn it, Seneca... She whistles for Peeta, checking in. This time, nothing comes back. She whistles again. Again, nothing. She tries a third time. No reply. Something's wrong. She starts to run...
154) 0) text: Katniss arrives... to find her PLASTIC SHEET splayed out a tablecloth. A pile of roots on it. And some BERRIES. Oh
154) 1) dialog: (instant panic) Peeta? Peeta?! There’‘s a RUSTLING in the leaves behind her. She reflexi grabs her bow, turns, about to fire, when... Peeta emerges from behind a bush. Katniss jerks her bow u the last second, the fired arrow narrowly missing his hea He jumps back, flinging a handful of berries into the air
154) 3) dialog: I whistled! You didn’t whistle back!
154) 5) dialog: If two people agree on a signal, they stay in range. Because if one of them doesn’t answer, it means they’re in trouble, all right?
154) 7) dialog: (re: berries) By picking these?
154) 9) dialog: They're poison, Dummy. Oh. Peeta tightens, humbled. Forest silence around them.
154) 10) dialog: Nightlock. Instantly fatal. Where'd you find them?
154) 13) dialog: No. Why?
154) 16) dialog: Don't. Cato'll be coming for us now. * That caught Peeta. She puts them in the pouch on her belt
155) 10) dialog: If you say so.
155) 12) dialog: Oh, your parents'd probably love that. You and a girl from The Seam.
157) 0) text: Katniss and Peeta see the Hovercraft too - also in the distance. It's almost too much to believe.
157) 1) dialog: Does that mean Cato-- She can't finish the sentence...
157) 3) dialog: I just saw the start of it. Then--
157) 5) dialog: But...
157) 7) dialog: We won...? Peeta nods - and they both start RUNNING toward the
161) 0) text: Katniss and Peeta, giddy as Hell, rumble through tall gra We did it! And there it is, the LAKE.
162) 0) text: Then that fast, they come to a HALT, confused. No one's h There's the Cornucopia. There's the blown-up Pyramid. But where's the celebration? Katniss just stares, thrown.
162) 1) dialog: Peeta? Something's off. Way off. He's silent.
162) 2) dialog: Where's Claudius Templesmith? And the Trumpets? Where're the cameras and all the Gamesmakers?
162) 6) dialog: He's not dead, Peeta. He's not dead! The shrieking builds - deafening. Then a horrifying BLUR: +..as Cato bursts out of the trees. Running right at us. Sheer TERROR in his eyes, as if something were chasing hi something impossibly lethal. Katniss turns... And there they are -- racing at top speed -- A PACK OF TH The WILD DOGS. “MUTTATIONS." Murderous and huge. Cato blo right by us, unslowed by the Kevlar BODY ARMOR he's weari Katniss turns, runs for her life. Peeta too - hobbling. B of them following Cato as he gets to:
163) 0) text: It's brass, with a sheer face ten feet tall. There are se on it to give Cato some purchase as he climbs. Katniss follows at full speed, LEAPING UP, grabbing a sea climbing the wall - desperately. Adrenaline rocketing... She gets there... onto its FLAT SURFACE - and she and Cat square off instantly - Cato drawing a sword, Katniss her But, incredibly, the LEAD MUTTATION bounds that ten-foot wall in a single bound, barrelling into Cato. As they battle, Katniss turns - to see Peeta, hobbling th way. The PACK gaining on him fast. Her eyes go wide. Peeta gets to the base of the Cornucopia, starts to climb MUTTATION #2 swipes at his legs with FOUR-INCH RAZOR CLAW Instant blood. Instant agony. Peeta howls. Katniss fires an arrow right into the throat of the beast falls back, dead.
163) 1) dialog: Climb, Peeta! He's trying. But the other Muttations get to his heels, a Cato stabs the Lead Muttation. A death-blow. He shoves th Muttation away. It lands at Katniss's feet. She recoils, instantly. Just saw something horrifying: This Muttation has human eyes. Glimmer's eyes. Good God.. 115.
163) 2) dialog: (can barely say it) Glimmer... Then she's shaken out of her daze - by a very flat voice:
163) 4) dialog: Let him go, Cato. Muttations baying. Peeta turning blue... Katniss can't fi that arrow or he'll fall.
163) 6) dialog: You're right. She lets it fly - an arrow aimed right at Cato's hand. Bullseye. Cato cries out, reflexively releasing Peeta, wh slams back against him. They might both go over, as:
168) 0) text: Cato loses his footing on the slick surface. Katniss lung forward, grabs Peeta - as Cato falls into the beasts. Instant carnage - a human being, torn apart. Cato shrieks Katniss watching in horror as the Mutts simply maul him. eyes find Katniss - a desperate, dying request: Please. Out of mercy, and sportsmanship, She draws back an arrow, sends it right into his forehead. Death. A CANNON BLASTS. Safety. At last. The remaining Muttations try to scale th sheer wall - but none of them can do it. Peeta and Katnis embrace... It's over. We've won.
172) 0) text: The Mutts howl harmlessly beneath Katniss and Peeta.
172) 1) dialog: I want ice cream. Every day.
172) 3) dialog: In Victors' Village. I want ice cream delivered to my house. Every day. Until Prim can't eat it anymore. Peeta laughs. They both do. He takes her hand. Then: «+.an announcement from above:
172) 6) dialog: No. I guess I always knew it somehow.
172) 8) dialog: What the hell does that mean?
172) 10) dialog: How ya figure?
172) 14) dialog: I can't. I won't.
172) 16) dialog: Then you shoot me!
172) 19) dialog: .-.What if they don't?
172) 21) dialog: What if they don't have a winner? People would go crazy, wouldn't they? (Peeta's silent) I don't wanna die, Peeta. But I know I can't kill you. Can you kill me?
172) 23) dialog: So... Peeta doesn't get it - until she unzips that pouch around e@ waist and extracts a couple of those berries. NIGHTLOC 119.
172) 24) dialog: They only hurt for a second. Then it'll be over. All of this... She drops a few into his palm, keeps a few for herself.
172) 25) dialog: Trust me. Mutual suicide, on live tv. But Peeta still hasn't agreed
172) 26) dialog: On the count of three?
178) 0) text: A sound. Haymitch turns: * Effie just burst in. Their eyes lock, pure dread... * 120. e EXT. ARENA - CORNUCOPIA - RESUMING The kiss ends. Katniss looks up...
178) 1) dialog: ‘Bye, Prim. ‘Bye, Mom...
178) 3) dialog: ‘Bye, Peeta. One... (steeling herself) Two... (Peeta nods...) Three! They shove the berries into their mouths... but -- TRUMPETS BLARE. And a FRANTIC VOICE booms from above:
178) 6) dialog: I'm not dead!
179) 0) text: Katniss's NEIGHBORS - 8,000 of them - cheering, crying. E Corrina, who lost her son to The Games last year, is able @ smile now, through tears.
180) 0) text: Katniss and Peeta rinse out their mouths; then they're splashing each other, hugging.
180) 1) dialog: I'm coming home, Prim! I'm coming home! Laughing, splashing - utter joy and disbelief - until: WHOOSH. TWO HOVERCRAFTS suddenly appear overhead. A SPLAS TEAM dives out of one, landing in front of us.
180) 3) dialog: Peeta? Before Peeta can reply, SPLASH TEAM LEADER signals the Hovercraft, and Peeta is whisked into the sky - gone - as SECOND SPLASH TEAM now zeroes in on Katniss. It's a blur. Then she's on a GURNEY too. What is all this???
180) 4) dialog: Peeta?! Just like that, she's whisked up. We CUT TO: ..-train wheels, flying down a track. We are:
182) 0) text: YESTERDAY: we watch from BACKSTAGE as Peeta is interviewe Caesar Flickerman before a packed house. Big APPLAUSE. REVERSE TO: Katniss, in a simple dress, watching from beh a curtain. In moments, she'll be called out to join him.
184) 3) dialog: Did you tell Peeta this?
186) 0) text: Katniss shares a red love-seat with Peeta, her head on hi shoulder, her feet tucked under her - opposite Flickerman -.-as she and the audience watch HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE GAME 123. The opening Bloodbath, the fire, the Tracker-Jackers, the landmines, Rue's death, finding Peeta, those kisses... It ends with a shot of Katniss and Peeta, in triumph. Then:
186) 2) dialog: I think so. The audience LAUGHS. Katniss reddens. Peeta holds her.
186) 3) dialog: I mean, at first I tried not to think about my feelings, honestly - because it only made things worse. But at a certain point, everything changed.
186) 5) dialog: When I realized there was a chance I could keep him. Applause. Katniss sees Haymitch off-stage, looking please And there's Cinna, in the front row, thrilled. With Effie beside him, her eyes full and wet.
186) 8) dialog: I don't know. I guess I just... couldn't bear the thought of being without him. Perfect. Peeta takes her face tenderly, kisses her. The C sighs. Flickerman beams. Haymitch can breathe.
188) 0) text: Show's over. Katniss and Peeta leave the stage to great applause. Haymitch here to greet them.
192) 0) text: This station is PACKED with the CHEERING CITIZENS of Dist 12 - roaring, as CAMERA CREWS capture it all. Peeta and Katniss step on to the back platform of the tra like candidates doing a whistle-stop, waving. Peeta's Parents are here. And Corrina - everyone crying. Everdeen and Prim too, their eyes wet, cheering. Prim jumps onto the platform, tackling Katniss, crying. Katniss holds on tight, desperately grateful. Until she sees something familiar in the corner of her ey e Gale, anonymous amidst the crowd. Their eyes lock. And there it is on her face: affection, relief, guilt, dr all at once... Peeta grabs her, kisses her. The CROWD CHEERS again - des the confusion in her eyes. The CAMERAS PUSH IN on her... Gale just smiles a thin smile; Katniss has survived, that all that matters. We RETURN TO:
194) 0) text: The kiss ends. Peeta waves to the crowd, no hint that he' dying inside. All eyes are on Katniss. It's a lot to bear She is 16 and torn. Surrounded, but utterly alone. Home, more lost than ever. And her fight has just begun. We...