36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
46) 0) text: Marvel, interviewed by Flickerman. 23 other Tributes wait
46) 2) dialog: Seems really weird to me, joining up with people you're supposed to be competing with. I think I'd be better off just killing them.
51) 2) text: +e HHH HH 59. @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODD every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation. One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Gam There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute will die first, what the first cause of death will be, an “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win. At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even a this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing al those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed. There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. * Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
95) 0) text: Katniss is half-asleep, her leg aching... when she hears SPLASHING below. Her head snaps around. She looks down... «..to see the CAREER PACK: Cato, Clove, Marvel, Glimmer, GIRL FROM 4... and Peeta. All of them looking up at her.
95) 2) dialog: Don't bother. I got her. He starts to climb the tree - pure menace, coming at us. Katniss is already fifty feet up, but there's ANOTHER BRA 30 feet higher. She puts the KNIFE in her teeth, and clim painfully, her calf searing. She endures it. Marvel, less nimble than Katniss, crashes back down to th ground, taking a low branch with him - as Katniss reaches
112) 0) text: Katniss emerges from behind brush - scouting, listening f unseen threats, her bow taut and ready. There's her targe Four Careers, camped 100 yards from the Cornucopia... Cato, Clove, Marvel - surly and covered in welts - and th BOY FROM 3. Their SUPPLIES are stacked in a PYRAMID: crat plastic bins, a burlap sack, all covered by mesh netting. Katniss takes it in, eyes darting... then:
121) 0) text: Katniss quietly collects the items from Rue's backpack: * sleeping bag, water skin, extra socks, slingshot, some fo And, from Marvel's backpack: knives, spearheads, flashlig leather pouch, med-kit, full water bottle, dried fruit. EXT. ARENA — CREEK - DUSK Katniss wanders, her guard down, too sad to be afraid. Th she stumbles onto something that makes her feel even wors Rue's_ signal fire, still smoking. Katniss sags, lost. Sh hears two GROOSLINGS on a branch above...
125) 0) text: She's in her sleeping bag on a branch, alone. Up in the s the faces of the District 3 Boy, and Marvel... and Rue. Then the ever-present Capitol Seal... and the Anthem. We WITH KATNISS as it plays. Rage hardening her face... unti