16) 0) text: Packed - by the 8,000 RESIDENTS of District 12. They fill adjacent streets too. CAMERA CREWS look down from rooftop In front of the Justice Building we find a PODIUM, three chairs, a microphone... and two large GLASS BALLS, contai thousands of slips of paper. On each slip, a name... * Katniss guides a white-with-fear Prim through the crowd. There's a grim buzz in the air, a shared tension. PEACEKEEPERS in white uniforms herd everyone along: *
16) 3) dialog: All candidates stand with the others in their age group! Twelve year-olds here! Thirteens here! ++-as we realize that the only people in this Square are CHILDREN. 12 to 18. Adults stand outside the ropes. Mrs. Everdeen is one of them, staring blankly. Katniss guides Prim through. ANOTHER PEACKEEPER steps in.
17) 0) text: Katniss is escorted into an elegant room by A PAIR OF PEACEKEEPERS who retreat and stand guard at the door. She sits on a velvet couch. Then Prim and Mrs. Everdeen enter Prim runs across the room and buries her face in Katniss’ lap, awash with tears. Katniss holds her tightly. Mrs. Everdeen is outside the hug, too bereft to function.
17) 14) dialog: , That's all you get. Let's go. it
55) 0) text: A PEACEKEEPER leads Katniss to a door. On it, the words, "This Launch Room was used on Day One of the 74th Hunger Games by Katniss Everdeen - Female, District 12." Peacekeeper opens the door, revealing a dressing room.
123) 0) text: The people of Rue's District watch in silence... Until: * CRASH! The window of a GOVERNMENT BUILDING just got shatt by a thrown TRASH CAN. Every head turns. * CRASH! CRASH! Two more windows shatter on the other side the Square. Three spontaneous acts of dissent, right on t of one another. Three different groups. Then a fourth. CR PEACEKEEPERS start after them now. But the THOUSANDS of * FARMERS gathered here suddenly fan out, "accidentally" * getting in the way of the Peacekeepers. * So the Window-Shatterers can disperse and scatter, protec as the Square expands with humanity. It's a first blow... 90.
126) 0) text: Gale lies on a bunk - in the musty, stale air of the AVOX BARRACKS - 5,000 silenced souls around him. An everpresen just showed him Katniss, saying that name: Peeta... Gale swallows a reaction... as TINY FEET rumble past: A T YEAR-OLD BOY, chasing a GIRL through these barracks. The boy has fashioned a fake BOW-AND-ARROW from a stick a two knotted shoelaces, pretending to shoot at his quarry. Gale watches, touched. Saddened too. Then a HUGE NOISE, a The barrack doors burst open. FIVE PEACEKEEPERS, shouting
126) 4) dialog: Move! Move! Everybody up! Lavinia looks to Gale, "It's okay." But she's scared too, clearly. The Avoxes scramble into lines before their bunk standing at attention. Gale follows their example. +.. aS that Lead Peacekeeper looks down a long row of the
126) 5) dialog: We've had a report of an unauthorized inmate in these barracks. Anyone found harboring him will be punished!
126) 7) dialog: Sergeant!
126) 9) dialog: Open every mouth in here until you find one with a tongue in it. * That cues the PEACEKEEPERS to start down each row, swingi TASER STICKS at every single Avox. Each mouth shoots open be checked. It's brutal, dehumanizing. But effective. * And Gale knows what'll happen when the Peacekeepers reach him. Lavinia knows too. Now what? Gale tightens, awaiting inevitable test that is rapidly coming right at him... Then, a hand on his arm. He looks down. It's the Ten Year Boy With the Bow, gesturing, "Follow me." Gale follows. Hurrying - through rows of bunks, hidden by all the commotion, with the Peacekeepers not far behind, until: The Boy points to the floor beneath a random bunk. Huh? T Boy points again... until Gale looks beneath the bunk: There's a GRATE in the floor. Oh. Gale kneels down, lifts grate. A HOLE beneath it. He climbs in, replaces the grat -..just as Peacekeepers rumble past this bunk. 92.
139) 0) text: FEET, racing in panicked flight... It's Gale, running. Up ahead is a RAILYARD. A block behin him is a PEACEKEEPER TRANSPORT, bearing a SEARCHLIGHT. Ga bounds a fence, falls into the railyard, as:
140) 2) text: ++-as Gale races across the railyard, jumping into that o car. The Railyard Worker shuts the door, runs away... mer seconds before the PEACEKEEPER SEARCHLIGHT lands on: Haymitch, an empty bottle in hand, pretending to be on a drunken stroll. (He just paid off the fleeing Railyard Gu Behind him is another SCREEN beaming The Games. So even n Haymitch is able to watch Katniss sleeping... as:
140) 4) dialog: Man, are you ever sober? They drive away. Haymitch pats the door of the car, twice
193) 1) dialog: Back to the Capitol, Sir?