36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
42) 0) text: Katniss joins the OTHER TRIBUTES, each made-over, backsta at an AMPHITHEATRE. Peeta, in a black suit with flame accents, nods to her. No one else acknowledges her at all ...except for Rue, in a gossamer gown with wings, who off her a nervous smile. Katniss mouths to her: “You look nic Rue blushes, as a MAN rushes past. He is CAESAR FLICKERMA his face painted white; his hair, lips, and eyelids powde blue. His suit dotted with tiny light bulbs. We hear:
46) 17) dialog: I’m very hard to catch. And if they can’t catch me, they can’t kill me. So don’t rule me out.
98) 0) text: Katniss rests against the tree trunk, her seared calf dangling off the branch. Below, the Careers sleep. Then, a flicker. She squints, tracking it. Twenty feet aw A pair of EYES - watching her. Is it an animal...? She gr for that arrow, as if it might somehow defend her, then l closer, in spotty moonlight... until she realizes: The pair of eyes staring at her... they belong to RUE - w has been hiding on a neighboring tree all along. 80 feet A silent moment, two girls, staring at one another... whe Rue silently points a single finger, the universal gestur for "Look up, over your head." Katniss looks up... And there it is, right above her, hanging from a tall bra A WASPS' NEST. Big, round, the size of a beach-ball...
100) 0) text: Katniss looks up at the nest, then to Rue, then to the Careers sleeping below... And an idea hits her. She puts that knife back in her teeth, and climbs even higher. Agonizing, but she does it. Rue watching... 76.
101) 0) text: She reaches the sky-high branch supporting the NEST, able to hear the low, throaty BUZZ eminating from it. The branch is thin. She takes the knife from her teeth an Makes_a quiet cut on it. Gingerly. Silently. Then another Now we get it; she wants to saw this branch off. Might ta HOURS at this pace, but if she goes any faster or makes a noise she'll awaken the nest... and the Careers. So she continues - slowly, methodically - with Rue watchi from below. One patient cut after another. We CUT TO:
103) 0) text: Dawn. SUPER: "Day Three." Katniss hasn't slept. The branc nearly sawed off. She looks down to Rue, "Ready?" Rue nod 95 feet down, the Careers sleep... until: Movement: Cato, beginning to awaken. Katniss is out of ti So she starts SAWING. Fast. Desperate. The branch starts crack. The BUZZING in the nest grows louder. Cato looks u
107) 0) text: Katniss and Rue share a branch twenty feet up. Rue pulls LEAVES from a fanny-pack. Starts chewing them.
107) 3) dialog: Ten. Including us. Let me see your neck. Katniss turns. Rue applies the wet paste to the Tracker- Jacker welt on Katniss's neck. Instant relief.
107) 4) dialog: You were smart to pull the stingers out. If ya don't, you die. Rue puts the paste on Katniss's knee. More relief.
107) 6) dialog: There are Tracker-Jacker nests all over my District, so we always take these leaves with us when we work in the orchards. Rue now notices the horrible burn on Katniss's leg.
107) 7) dialog: Oh. I don't have anything for that.
107) 9) dialog: For me? Katniss nods. Rue tentatively accepts the rabbit... Takes bite. Katniss watches her affectionately.
107) 12) dialog: I never had a whole leg before.
107) 14) dialog: Oh, we're not allowed to eat the crops. They're for the Capitol. If you're caught you get whipped. Sometimes worse. That lands. Rue spots the SUNGLASSES in Katniss's backpac
107) 15) dialog: Can I try?
107) 17) dialog: They're for night. (that threw Katniss) Night-vision. We use 'em in the orchards after sundown. Katniss pauses, chagrinned. Then pulls out the glasses, s them on. Sure enough: NIGHT-VISION. Green, but clear...
107) 18) dialog: The Careers have 'em too. They have all the stuff from the Cornucopia. In a camp by the lake.
107) 20) dialog: Cato, Clove, Marvel - and the Boy from 3, he guards the supplies.
107) 25) dialog: They don't have to. They have everything.
107) 27) dialog: And then what? That one hovers, unanswered. Katniss is silent.
109) 0) text: Katniss and Rue share the sleeping bag. Stillness.
109) 1) dialog: I like your pin.
109) 3) dialog: Me too. Sometimes I sing, and they spread it around the whole orchard. They carry messages for me. ° She sings four lovely notes, like a bird. Katniss smile 83. ++.until we hear a SOUND above them - FLUP! - followed by A tiny silver PARACHUTE, descending from on high - bearin BOX. It lands right on Katniss's lap. She looks to Rue.
109) 5) dialog: I don't think so. Open it. Katniss does. Inside, a JAR - of BURN BALM! Katniss yelps
111) 0) text: SUPER: "Day Four." Katniss's calf, remarkably, has almost fully healed overnight. She and Rue pack carefully.
111) 1) dialog: The Boy from 3 will be standing guard. He's not very big, but he's always armed. (Katniss nods, unafraid) What'1ll you do with the food?
111) 3) dialog: Okay. You know the whistle? (Katniss nods) If you hear the mockingjays sing it, it means I'm okay, only I can't get back yet.
111) 5) dialog: You be careful.
113) 0) text: Rue fans FLAMES in a fire, sending smoke. Then she runs o
116) 0) text: Katniss taps the side of her head to make her ear functio No luck. She pours some water over it, washing blood away WHOOSHING sound that distorts things even further. Then, overhead, TWO MOCKINGJAYS land on a branch, eyeing strangely. They emit a SONG - a few notes - with an urgen to it. A warning maybe. But Katniss can't hear it. Then: She spots SMALL FOOTPRINTS in the ground - Rue's - just a SOUND pierces her deafness, horribly: A scream. From a child. Rue. God no. Katniss calls out:
116) 3) dialog: 
116) 4) dialog: Katniss!
116) 7) dialog: Did you blow up their food?
116) 9) dialog: You're gonna win. You have to.
116) 11) dialog: Don't go, okay? Until...
116) 13) dialog: Will you sing to me?
118) 0) text: Katniss decorates Rue's body with flowers, one stem at a time. Covering Rue's wound, wreathing her head, weaving petals through Rue's hair. A sad, loving farewell. +..until all we can see of Rue is her tiny face. Then Kat tenderly affixes that mockingjay pin on to Rue's clothes.
119) 0) text: People from Katniss's District watch, weeping, as: Katniss stands, almost at attention - and gives Rue that SILENT SALUTE we've seen twice now: three fingers to the lips. While a mockingjay softly trills Rue's melody...
120) 0) text: Rue's home-town. Rural. THOUSANDS of FARMERS watch, beref They too return the SILENT SALUTE to Katniss. But a few clusters of people are smoldering. TEENS. We ca feel them drifting away from the Town Square...
121) 0) text: Katniss quietly collects the items from Rue's backpack: * sleeping bag, water skin, extra socks, slingshot, some fo And, from Marvel's backpack: knives, spearheads, flashlig leather pouch, med-kit, full water bottle, dried fruit. EXT. ARENA — CREEK - DUSK Katniss wanders, her guard down, too sad to be afraid. Th she stumbles onto something that makes her feel even wors Rue's_ signal fire, still smoking. Katniss sags, lost. Sh hears two GROOSLINGS on a branch above...
123) 0) text: The people of Rue's District watch in silence... Until: * CRASH! The window of a GOVERNMENT BUILDING just got shatt by a thrown TRASH CAN. Every head turns. * CRASH! CRASH! Two more windows shatter on the other side the Square. Three spontaneous acts of dissent, right on t of one another. Three different groups. Then a fourth. CR PEACEKEEPERS start after them now. But the THOUSANDS of * FARMERS gathered here suddenly fan out, "accidentally" * getting in the way of the Peacekeepers. * So the Window-Shatterers can disperse and scatter, protec as the Square expands with humanity. It's a first blow... 90.
125) 0) text: She's in her sleeping bag on a branch, alone. Up in the s the faces of the District 3 Boy, and Marvel... and Rue. Then the ever-present Capitol Seal... and the Anthem. We WITH KATNISS as it plays. Rage hardening her face... unti
186) 0) text: Katniss shares a red love-seat with Peeta, her head on hi shoulder, her feet tucked under her - opposite Flickerman -.-as she and the audience watch HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE GAME 123. The opening Bloodbath, the fire, the Tracker-Jackers, the landmines, Rue's death, finding Peeta, those kisses... It ends with a shot of Katniss and Peeta, in triumph. Then: