36) 0) text: QUICK CUTS - of several Tributes being evaluated: -Glimmer, slicing a mannequin's head off with a sword. -Cato, lifting a boulder, smashing it to the ground. -Marvel, throwing a knife twenty yards at a target. Bulls -Clove, sweep-kicking a MALE SPARRING PARTNER. He goes do -Thresh, crushing a mannequin with a swung mace. 43. -Rue, using stones to start a fire. -FoxFace, racing through an obstacle course. Fast and agi -Bravura, hurling a trident. Another bullseye. The GAMESMAKERS keep score, sort of. Some DRINKING has be
46) 18) text: I wouldn’t in a million years, Darling. He puts his arm around her and kisses the top of her head An AWWWWW rises from the crowd. We CUT TO: -Thresh, arms crossed with hostility, staring straight ah
46) 20) dialog: I like knives.
46) 22) dialog: I think you should be close enough to * look somebody in the eyes when you kill them. Distance is for cowards.
51) 2) text: +e HHH HH 59. @ GIANT ELECTRONIC BOARDS in here give us COLOR-CODED ODD every sporting event in Panem - numbers that change at dizzying speeds as bets come in from across the nation. One electronic wall is dedicated solely to the Hunger Gam There are "proposition bets" here - odds on which Tribute will die first, what the first cause of death will be, an “over-under" on how many Tributes will fall on the first And, of course, there are odds on who's going to win. At the top are the favorites. Cato at 3-to-1l. Marvel at 2. Thresh at 4-to-1. Peeta's way down, at 25-to-1. Even a this hour, the line at the BETTING WINDOWS is twenty-deep Haymitch stands in the back of the Sports Book, eyeing al those numbers... until his eyes land on the BOTTOM of the betting board, where the LONG-SHOTS are listed. There, listed at 100-to-1... is Katniss Everdeen. * Haymitch tightens. She's going to die, and he knows it.
147) 2) text: A KNIFE, hurled by CLOVE. Katniss gets a hand up, deflect the knife with her bow, turns, fires an ARROW. It hits Cl in the arm - as Katniss gets to the table. She slips that tiny #12-POUCH on to her wrist. Turns... This KNIFE comes too quickly to evade - whizzing through air, gashing her forehead. Katniss staggers, drops to a k Clove is running right at_us now - arm bleeding, eyes let A KNIFE IN EACH HAND. Katniss tries to draw back an arrow but there's no time. She's a goner. Clove, barrelling in- Then, shockingly, Clove is knocked sideways, on to her ba «.-by a rock the size of a volleyball, hurled from the darkness. Clove quivers on the ground - disoriented, bloo Katniss is almost as confused as Clove is. Who threw that Then Thresh emerges... to re-claim the rock he just threw He stands over Clove, lifts it into the air, and brings i down_on Clove's skull. Katniss watches, awed. CANNON BLAS Now Thresh comes at Katniss, stands over her. He seems hu from down here, his eyes dull. And she's dazed, helpless.
147) 4) dialog: This makes us even. Understand? She nods, speechless. Thresh grabs the #11-backpack, turn .--and gets a DAGGER right in the chest. +-.from Cato, who is suddenly just a foot away. The look Thresh's face is pure shock. Cato digs in deeper. And here's Katniss, a witness to it all. Thresh wheezes:
147) 5) dialog: Go. (Katniss staggers) Go! 105. Katniss rises, runs, horrified - doesn't look back. ...as Thresh gamely pulls Cato to the ground, trying to g his hands around Cato's neck. It's a struggle between two athletes in the prime of their youth. But Thresh is bleeding out, and he knows it. Cato plunges dagger in deeper, the life draining from Thresh's eyes...