2) 1) dialog: (deep South) That’s her up ahead...
3) 0) text: Armory sergeant Dalbert Elkins, jittery and sweating, his eroded by hard times, has his eyes riveted ahead.
3) 1) dialog: HQ -- White Americanist Movement. The driver, Chief Warrant Officer Paul Brenner, stares t the windshield. Rugged, well-built, somewhere in his fort at present he is gritty and unshaven, wearing the same ty battle-dress fatigues and insignia as Elkins.
3) 3) dialog: Hell, these old boys put all their money in ordnance. They see what we got, I gar-an-tee, they'll buy.
4) 0) text: Brenner and Elkins stand out of the truck, look to the po where several dark shapes lounge in the shadows.
4) 2) dialog: Up to no good, son. Heh, heh. Johnny Ray saunters off the steps. Bald head, pirate’s be Goes about two-fifty. Made of bricks. An extreme individu
4) 3) dialog: Johnny Ray, this here’s my partner Armory Sergeant White. We go way back. He’s good wood. Brenner’s eyes cut sharply to Elkins. He looks to Johnny who studies him with keen intensity, his focus resting on name tag.
4) 16) dialog: Combat-loaded seven-six-two coaxial machine gun. Raps-off six-hundred armor-piercing rounds per minute... Got a hot two-dozen of ‘em. Desert Storm’s blown into Georgia, boys. Johnny Ray stares, transfixed. He reaches for it.
4) 17) dialog: That’s a vehicle-mount item, hoss. Johnny Ray heaves up the heavy rig, steps away from the t He sweeps the barrel over the yard, the bore swinging aro on the two armory sergeants. Both men step back, Johnny R grinning, levels the gun on Brenner’s pick-up. He prepares to fire. There’s no trigger. He looks up at t two armory sergeants accusingly.
5) 0) text: Brenner blasts the vehicle out of the yard, the ring of a men falling behind in the rear window. Elkins rips a hide semi-auto from his waistband, slams it on the dash.
5) 1) dialog: Man, what the fuck is wrong with you?
5) 3) dialog: Fuck that noise! They were ready to deal! Brenner faces him, snarling.
5) 6) dialog: Oh, shit. He stares at his mistake, chagrined. Brenner, disgusted, the truck up onto the dirt road.
6) 1) dialog: Damn.