0) 3) dialog: features illuminate. The face like a mask, no expression. face of hard plastic. Eyeless.
10) 0) text: Brenner and Kent move past the tower. The firing range co in view, a long expanse of open terrain, black and white markers receding to 500 hundred meters. The sun hovers li a disc of fire. Brenner shields his eyes. A series of berms ahead. Atop each, pop-up targets simula soldiers with rifles. Two MPs stand at parade rest at a b fifty meters ahead. They salute as Brenner and Kent appro Brenner regards the target on the berm, its green plastic staring eyelessly at the sun. He finds it unsettling.
17) 0) text: She stands on a rostrum, immaculate in battle fatigues, g out over an audience of stunned soldiers.
44) 0) text: A volley of rifle fire cracks out. The firing party of se soldiers snap the bolts of their rifles, raise them again fire, repeat their motions, fire once more. Smoke drifts in the silence. Ringing the hot, green clear where the casket rests, flag across it, a huge crowd, hus A lone buglar takes a place near the six Army pallbearers color guard, the military band, the firing party. Heat po down. He raises his polished horn, sounds the first plain notes of taps.
56) 52) dialog: of plastic is silhouetted against the lowering sky, face and expressionless, standing eyeless sentry. 105
69) 0) text: The trunk of Fowler’s staff car. The rend of metal, the t lid popping up. In the well of the trunk, Fowler's briefc A soldier with a slide-hammer moves back. Sunhill stands the open trunk, staring in. 117
69) 3) text: Sunhill approaches the group, stopping a dozen feet away. by one, the officers turn to her. Stillness falling over as the General walks out to meet her. They exchange words. The General turns to where Fowler st but Fowler is no longer there. He turns back to Sunhill. drums reverberate. She raises the tape recorder. The Gene stands listening to the playback. Sunhill turns the recorder off. The General, staggered, w away from her. He drops to his knees. The rumbling percussion fades out as a great, anguished s rises up, shaking the air. EXT. BRENNER‘S TRUCK - EDGE OF PARADE FIELD - DAY The pick-up slams to a skidding halt, Brenner bails out, shirtless, weapon in hand. He races past the crowd that p out on the field, soldiers and civilians staring, shoutin in alarm. 118