34) 0) text: A static WIDE SHOT of Claire's family around a very norma middle class dinner table - very Kubrick. Claire, dressed now in jeans and a sweatshirt, sits with her mom, SANDRA, (41), dad, KENT, (43) and brother, LYLE, (14). Sandra is all wound up--
34) 1) dialog: ...I think Carla is perfectly nice and very capable, but if they think I'm going to take orders from her... She looks up from her plate to see that no one is really paying that much attention.
34) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. It just gets my goat.
34) 4) dialog: Alright, enough about me. What'd everybody else do today? Kent looks to his two kids. Lyle just shrugs. Claire push her food around the plate.
34) 9) text: HEROES VOLUME ONE "Genesis” 12/2/05 44. Kent just nods. Not exactly what he was hoping for, but. He and Sandra turn to Claire, expectantly. Without hesita
34) 12) dialog: I know what she means. Claire looks at her, a mixture of fear and relief.
34) 13) dialog: Here I am talking about getting passed over for a silly little raise, and you go and say something really profound. We come to all kinds of cliffs in our lives. And when we face our fears and jump, we usually don't get hurt. (welling up) You're very wise, sweetheart. Whatever it is you did, I'm proud of you. Off Claire's tiny, forced smile --
43) 0) text: Claire does dishes. Sandra is in the b.g., clearing the table in the dining room.
43) 1) dialog: I thought we'd go to the movies this Saturday. Maybe try on some shoes at the new mall in Gardenville.
43) 3) dialog: But?
43) 5) dialog: No, you think I'm trying to be your best friend again, admit it.
43) 7) dialog: (voice rising over noise) I just miss you, that’s all. I want to be your mom, I want to give you advice, but I don't want to push you away. Claire looks back towards her desperately, but Sandra's s in the other room, clearing the table.
43) 10) dialog: I just don't think you should be so worried about fitting in all the time, about being so popular. And Sandra comes back into the room. Claire turns quickly and hides her bloody hand behind her back, as Sandra step right up to her and takes her lovingly by the shoulders.
43) 11) dialog: I don't want to see you make mistakes like I did. I wanted to be someone more interesting than I am.
43) 14) dialog: No, I wanted to hitchhike across Europe, study art, fall in love with some poetry quoting frenchmen. Not that your dad isn't wonderful, but my point is, you should be who you are and know that it's enough. Because who you are is special. Claire nods, looks into her mother's eyes. Wants to tell her.
43) 16) dialog: Sweetheart, you can say anything to us, you know that.
43) 19) text: HEROES VOLUME ONE “Genesis” 12/2/05 Claire instinctive hugs her back. She lifts her HAND and looks at it behind Sandra's back, It's PERFECTLY NORMAL now.
43) 21) dialog: What is it?