25) 3) text: HEROES VOLUME ONE "Genesis" 12/2/05 34. She SPINS around and sees the BIG GUY who busted down her door earlier. He's in the kitchen, his back to her. He clearly doesn‘t know she's here. She freezes. Shit. What should she do? She slowly starts to back towards the front door, when ~- she's GRABBED fro behind! She turns to see the Weasel looking guy.
25) 4) dialog: Welcome home. And off Niki's fearful eyes --
36) 1) dialog: Fifty grand is a lot of money. Niki is thrown onto her bed. Violently. (Only a minute an fourteen seconds have passed since last we saw her.) She looks up at -- the WEASEL and the BIG GUY standing over h
36) 2) dialog: But we wanna be fair about this.
36) 4) dialog: Shoulda read the fine print. The Weasel pulls up a chair as the Big Guy checks out her computer and camera. Niki looks at them desperately --
36) 6) dialog: Tell you what, let's start with a little business proposition. You make, what, forty bucks every twenty minutes for taking off your clothes? Niki looks at them, unsure what he's getting at.
36) 7) dialog: I'm gonna give you a chance to work off a little of your debt. See where it goes from there.
36) 9) dialog: (leaning back) Go on, let's see what you got. Niki sits up on her knees on the bed and slowly, timidly begins to rub her hands seductively up and down her body. She starts to cry, but stops herself. Gets into character Undoes the buttons on her shirt -- starting at the top an working her way down. One by one. Slow as she can. The two men smile. And as she undoes the top button of he jeans -~ she STOPS. Looks at something just behind the tw men. They notice. Turn and look back behind them to see -
36) 11) dialog: What's the problem, baby? It's just getting good. But Niki doesn't respond. She just keeps staring at the reflection. The Weasel is pissed. He stands, crosses to her, BACKHANDS her across the face.
36) 12) dialog: I said, what's your problem?! Niki gets back up. Scowls at him defiantly --
44) 1) text: The place looks like a fucking TORNADO RIPPED THROUGH IT. Our two bad guys, the WEASEL and the BIG GUY lay DEAD on floor. And I mean real DEAD. There's BLOOD everywhere. They've been SAVAGELY BEATEN. BROKEN MIRROR SHARDS are everywhere. One LARGE PIECE is sticking out of the Weasel's neck, his eyes still wide op The Big Guy's own gun is SHOVED into his MOUTH, a pool of BLOOD behind his head. Niki stands up and STAGGERS off the bed. She turns all th way around, totally freaked, looking for the unseen culpr of this insane KILLING SPREE. She backs up, stepping over the Big Guy's dead carcass an BUMPS INTO the webcam's tripod. Catches it.