17) 0) text: Gloved hands carefully remove the skull from a box. The MEDICAL EXAMINER places the skull on an exam table and begins cleaning it. Grace walks around the headless body. The wetsuit has been removed, the body has been autopsied. Headless, skeletal hands, the legs are surprisingly well-preserved. DIRECTOR GILLET is tall, heavy, smoking a cigar.    He's cop's cop and all-around nice guy. DIRECTOR GILLET
17) 20) dialog: I'd say you're right. (into tape recorder)
17) 21) text: Postmortem scavenger damage to C-1. The Medical Examiner examines the skull's teeth.
17) 22) dialog: The victim was afraid of dentists. Bad teeth. Inspectors Laval and Reynaud enter. Both give Grace wary nods. Inspector Laval hands the Medical Examiner a paper bag marked HUMAN REMAINS.
17) 24) dialog: Look at this. Grace crosses, grins.      Grace studies the cord, noting intricate knots.
36) 0) text: This is his personal space, tons of hockey paraphernalia. A couple tired easy chairs. The Medical Examiner eats a slice of pizza. Grace studies an evidence bag containing a man's ring. MEDICAL EXAMINER
36) 2) text: WVSS.   1995. What's that? MEDICAL EXAMINER
36) 4) text: CWE? Whose initials?   Not the victim's. MEDICAL EXAMINER
36) 6) text: Doctor, can I take you back to Quantico with me? MEDICAL EXAMINER
62) 1) dialog: Hmm. Could be worse after getting run over by a pickup and twenty years in the ground.
63) 0) text: The body has been moved to the exam table. Covered with mold the corpse seems to be upholstered with baby blue velvet. The Medical Examiner checks the scale.
63) 1) dialog: Bodies get mixed up all the time. Police found the wallet, called the mother and nothing was cross- checked. This was his head. Medical Examiner pulls a plastic bag from the coffin. Slices it open, revealing skull fragments and teeth. Passes them off to an ASSISTANT.
63) 2) dialog: (to the assistant)
63) 6) dialog: (shrugs)
140) 0) text: Mrs. Asher looking at Martin Asher's remains.       The charred torso, blackened thighbones. Mrs. Asher reaches for Asher's red swollen face. MEDICAL EXAMINER
140) 7) dialog: I'll swab your cheek and test your DNA against the body. Will that do it?
142) 2) dialog: Grace. I ran Mrs. Asher's DNA against the suspect down here. No way it's her son. A beat.
142) 4) dialog: Lab ran the test twice.
142) 6) dialog: Listen for a minute. There was a match. John Costa is Mrs. Asher's biological son. Grace laughs.     It's a joke.
142) 8) dialog: Dear God, I wish I was joking. Grace turns and REACTS.