8) 0) text: The signs in French. Crowded with PASSENGERS waiting to board. As more PASSENGERS pour off the just-docked ship. A WOMAN runs through the crowd. Terror etched in her face. She knocks aside several PEOPLE. Runs toward a row of restaurants. Even in her turmoil, she is patrician, elegant.
9) 0) text: Two BEAT COPS eat at an outdoor table.   Laid back.    Th WOMAN approaches them, frantic. WOMAN
9) 1) text: I just saw my dead son get off the ferry. The COPS trade looks. WOMAN
10) 0) text: An INSPECTOR pours the Woman tea. She has calmed down. He takes his pen, looking at her statement. WOMAN
10) 2) text: I lost my mother two years ago. Every day I think I see her. Driving to work in the car next to me. At mass. Shopping, I see her, but this is someone else's mother. You see? The Woman lays a hand on his arm, looks him in the eye. There is something formidable about her.
10) 6) dialog: Inspector, I'm saddened by your loss and touched by loyalty. But let's focus on the matter at hand. He walked right past me. We made eye contact. I know he recognized me. It was my son. A mother knows these things. I will sign anything, I will swear before a judge. And thank you, I do have all my faculties and friends who can vouch for my character.
10) 8) dialog: Yes. Of course he's a man. He'd be thirty-two. And no, I did not speak with him. I ran. (low, serious)
10) 12) text: No, Quebec City police will investigate. He is buried there, no? The Woman bristles.     Stands, takes the forms.
10) 13) dialog: No.   Inspector. He is not.
54) 0) text: KNOCKING on the front door. The WOMAN from the ferry answers the door. Her name is REBECCA ASHER. She opens the door, smiles warmly at Grace.
67) 2) text: She's a very slick woman.
90) 30) dialog: John, it's amazing tonight. I want to cry, I'm so touched. Grace watches her hand linger on Costa's arm. And is amazed that she feels jealous. She catches Costa's eye.
90) 32) dialog: Just a sec, John. She crosses to the Older Man in b.g.       Costa is miffe
102) 0) text: An UPSET WOMAN is in the hall, standing by the just-been kicked-in door of her apartment. Grace and Laval charge inside.
178) 0) text: Ten minutes later Grace checks her P.O. Box. Finds some baby catalogs. A local PREGNANT WOMAN enters. PREGNANT WOMAN
178) 4) dialog: That's it?