0) 6) dialog: Um... yeah.
0) 15) dialog: Oh, Northern-U, venerated dwelling place of those who got wait listed at real colleges, we bid thee adieu for ten long days...
1) 0) text: They arrive at the lot. Top down, Anderson's convertible muscle car sits at the end, parked perpendicularly across two spots. Several parking tickets grace the windshield.
1) 1) dialog: These tickets are three weeks old.
1) 4) text: Down to his "Beach Fun" swim trunks, Nelson hops round th lot. Eternally immune, Anderson and Cory focus on clearin out the many beer bottles and junk food wrappers which clutter the otherwise spotless convertible.
1) 6) text: Anderson looks blankly at Cory.
1) 7) dialog: Corndog, have you been jacking off with your mother’s hand créme again?
1) 11) dialog: Hey, I like that! Ackerman hands Anderson the clump of tickets.
1) 18) dialog: It's good to be the Professor.
2) 0) text: A beat later... The convertible backs out of the lot. Anderson sits behin the wheel, Cory rides shotgun. The half naked Nelson stan on the back seat, beach ball in hand, guiding Anderson pa their fellow STUDENTS who dart out of the way.
4) 8) dialog: Enough, girls! Time for today's "Sucks to be You".
4) 11) dialog: Okay, Cory, since you're so up for it. You will either, A, star in a new reality show, which you discover too late is a gay version of "Survivor"...
4) 13) dialog: ...and your one pair of tightie whities has a huge hole in the ass, an incredible turn-on for the all male cast, or...
4) 15) dialog: ...-B, go down on Chelsea Clinton in front of your entire family, S.C.S. (CONTINUED)
4) 19) dialog: Stone cold sober, bro. Cory winces. Contemplates the implications of both.
4) 23) dialog: That was time well spent.
6) 4) text: Just then, a BANJO begins to play. On the front porch of the station, a YOUNG BOY strums a familiar tune. He smile his three good teeth showing. Encouraged, Nelson grabs hi guitar from the convertible and begins strumming along. Anderson and Cory join in, CLAPPING and WHISTLING.
6) 9) dialog: (locking eyes with Joey She's not your type, dude. Trust me.
6) 31) dialog: Anderson.
6) 34) dialog: What about your name?
6) 39) dialog: We're in deliverance country now, Nelson, so unless you're into squealing like Porky Pig's love bitch, none of your short cuts! (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: The guys are fast asleep. Anderson is the first to wake. shoves Nelson, who rouses with a FART.
11) 2) dialog: Why do I have a feeling we're not on the highway anymore? From behind, Cory stirs, oblivious to the morning wood saying "hello" through his baggy shorts.
11) 5) dialog: Detour sign?
11) 7) dialog: My fault?
11) 15) dialog: Looks like there's a town up ahead. Let's grab some chow and figure out where the hell we are.
13) 3) dialog: You truly are a moron, Nelson.
14) 5) dialog: Anderson Lee. Nice to meet you, sir. My two buds here go by... Eager townsfolk swarm the trio, shaking hands, patting ba
14) 7) dialog: (slips into Southern accent) Born and bred, sir. Lived in South Carolina till Freshman year...
14) 19) dialog: Easy, Corndog. Fourteen'll get you twenty.
14) 24) dialog: (staring at Joey) We'll stay if you guys stay. (CONTINUED)
15) 8) dialog: Make sure you show "Corncob" the bed. The girls giggle again.
15) 10) dialog: Guess you just have to be a Southern intellectual to get my humor.
21) 0) text: Anderson, Glendora a! Cory leans 23.
21) 8) dialog: (slight Southern accent I, sir, am in accordance.
21) 10) dialog: I never told you? I was raised by my Aunt Charlotte. She was old school Southern. Very dignified. Taught me to open doors for the ladies and say, "Yes, ma'am. Why, no, Ma'am."
21) 12) dialog: It's still in me. In the background.
22) 0) text: Lester marches to and fro out on the street, proudly pipi "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" on his wooden flute. Jezebel struts behind him, dressed in Rebel military garb complete with a tiny holster and pop gun. Atop her head r a confederate hat, worn at a jaunty angle. From the porch, Anderson rises and salutes.
22) 1) dialog: As you were, private! Lester salutes back as he passes, visibly moved.
22) 4) dialog: Don't tell me. You must be Miss Boone!
24) 0) text: Anderson, Cory and Nelson form a gauntlet as Hucklebilly approaches his cornered cat, hovering in the corner.
24) 6) dialog: Nah, you'll be fine, bro. Just walk it off.
24) 12) dialog: I don't know, Hucklebilly, we kinda got some young ladies waiting for us out front, if you know what I mean.
24) 14) dialog: Okay. You win. Whaddya got in mind? The boy turns, grinning. In his right hand he holds kitty by the scruff of her neck. In the other, a small noose. (CONTINUED)
24) 18) dialog: Whoa... whoa... Wait a second! Now what would your mother think if you hurt that poor little kitty?
27) 0) text: Everyone sits around a large table at places especially s for them. Anderson... Cory... Nelson... Joey... Ricky... Malcolm... Leah... Yet no sign of Kat, just an empty chai Mayor Buckman and his sons, sit among the guests, as do Hester and Glendora. At the head of the table, Granny Boo holds court, proud of the bountiful feast her guests now devour amid SMALL TALK.
29) 0) text: Joey relaxes on the porch swing, sipping wine. Anderson approaches, obviously soused.
29) 1) dialog: Thought I'd give you an address to go along with that phone number. Joey turns, smiles and slowly lifts up her shirt exposing that luscious, pierced belly. Yum. (CONTINUED)
29) 5) dialog: Former Cub Scout. Third class. Always come prepared!
33) 0) text: Joey leans back on the swing as Anderson goes to work. Things are really getting hot. And then Nelson walks out. Can you say buzz kill?
33) 6) dialog: Let me know when you want my zip code... She walks inside, gliding past a buzzed Cory on his way o
33) 10) dialog: Guess that went out with the secret handshake. Hit me, bartender. Cory produces a bottle of Jack Daniels and three shot glasses. They each take a glass as he pours.
33) 11) dialog: To friendship, and the ties that bind. In this case, the fine folk of Pleasant Valley. They down their drinks and toss the glasses to the street
33) 12) dialog: That was a moment.
33) 21) dialog: Why, yes, ma'am, I do. Anderson grins, pats his chums on the back and dashes inside with Joey.
35) 0) text: Anderson and Joey play 'post office' the way it should be played: half-naked on a bear skin rug in front of a glowi fireplace. They take turns writing random addresses and phone numbers on the other's quivering flesh. Anderson us his magic marker, Joey her lipstick... Joey licks a posta stamp, then places it on Anderson's chest as the two embrace, sealing the moment.
45) 2) dialog: Looks like Cupid's arrow truly did hit someone in the ass... WHACK! Granny slams Anderson's hand with a serving spoon.
45) 12) dialog: Nelson?!?!
46) 8) dialog: Oh, come on now. Admit it. You guys just aren't used to old fashioned, unspoiled, genuine Southern manners. Malcolm takes a huge hit. Hands what's left to Cory.
46) 10) dialog: Nelson? He'll show. Trust me. Dude can smell torque at two hundred yards. By now there's a huge CLOUD growing in the room. Under th bed, Hucklebilly winces at the strange smell. But then, a huge smile forms over his face.
48) 7) dialog: You fell... under the bed?
48) 11) dialog: So, "northern folks", I guess we're here to stay just a little bit longer.
49) 6) dialog: Whoa. Lighten up, dude. We're just a little hung over. You know, hair of the dog? Buckman waves his arms. The requisite CHEERING erupts.
52) 0) text: Harper Alexander leads the crowd of males into a large field. Anderson, Malcolm and Ricky stand at the pit with Harper. Ricky is totally in awe of the big, burly He-Man. Across the yard, posted in the dirt, are two horseshoe stakes. Two obscure furry masses rest atop each one. From distance, it is hard to tell exactly what these targets a
52) 8) dialog: Ah... You were saying?
55) 5) dialog: How'd you do with the honeys? Cory ignores Anderson, glares at the pile of horseshoes. (CONTINUED)
59) 0) text: Loud, raucous southern saloon. Anderson, Cory and Malcolm sit at the back table. They look tired, but troopers that they are, still manage to work the mugs in front of them.
59) 5) dialog: Corndog, you are the man! Malcolm slams down a mug.
59) 16) dialog: Look. We need to work together on this. As a team. Let's split up. Find Kat and Nelson. Find our rides. And I say we watch each other's back. We're in this together, right? He looks around the table. At Malcolm.
59) 18) dialog: Good. I'll check out the ride situation. Malcolm, you find Leah. (to Cory and Joey) You guys head back to the rooms and get whatever stuff they haven't ripped off. (big fake smile) Now everybody act like this is all great. We love it. Don't let on we're gonna bail. Okay?
59) 22) dialog: Of course not. We're thrilled to be part of your thing here. So if you'll... Buckman pulls back his coat. Brandishes a sharp, silver broadsword from the scabbard at his side.
59) 28) dialog: (accent slightly more southern) I guess you're right, Mayor. We shouldn't be so fast to up and leave... this fine Festival. Long wait. Is Buckman buying the bullshit? Of course he i He puts away his sword.
60) 0) text: Anderson, Cory, Joey and Malcolm exit the bar onto the street which is now filled with TOWNSFOLK. Each "Guest of Honor" can feel the people's stares, and for the first time, sense the rot behind the colorful facade. Creepy... Cory sidles up to Anderson as they pass a skinny, hairles teen, ONION JOE, who stands before a scorched confederate flag. Next to him is the BUTCHER, in bloodied apron.
60) 2) dialog: Nothing happened to him. There's a simple explanation for all of this. Don't worry, buddy. 61.
64) 0) text: The BLACKSMITH regards Anderson and Cory as they now pass him by. His eyes are solid white. Milky. Blank.
64) 2) dialog: No clue. But in the 'Sucks to be You' department, we either, A, stick around and find out or, B, locate Nelson and jet. To Cory's right, an overgrown manchild, GIBLET, sits nake in a water trough. His bearded chaperone, AUNT SUZY Q, rests quietly on a stool, smoking a corn cob pipe.
66) 0) text: Anderson and Cory fall in line Joey and Malcolm.
66) 1) dialog: Okay, kids. One hour. We'll regroup at the hotel. Malcolm walks ahead of the group, speaking loud, purposefully, for all the Townsfolk to hear.
66) 5) dialog: Like he said, babe. Don't be late. I still gotta give you my e-mail address...
69) 0) text: Stalking about like a ninja, Anderson approaches the barn doors and gives them a tug. Locked. Looking around, he spots a pile of hay bails. He climbs on top, then pulls himself up onto the barn roof. The rubber soles of his shoes do not make for good traction, and it's all he can to maintain his grip. That's a real shame, because down below Hester and Glendora are making their way around the barn, absorbed in song. And they've both got shotguns!!!!! 64.
71) 0) text: Anderson hangs on to the roof for dear life as Hester and Glendora chatterbox below.
73) 0) text: A stream of Anderson's BLOOD slowly trickles down the roo Hester and Glendora chat below...
76) 0) text: The silo window opens. Anderson peeks through. Down below Malcolm's motorcycle can be seen, parked in one of the stalls. The only way down, however, is a twenty foot drop Contemplating his options, he leaps, landing on the haystack. It cushions his fall, but an inch to the right, and he would have been impaled on a rusty pitchfork...
79) 0) text: Anderson creeps through the barn, footsteps crunching the bone-dry hay. Cautious, he pauses. The crunching continue Could someone be watching? Nah... He forges forward, passing a stockpile covered by a soiled tarp. Curious, he lifts the edge. Gasps at the familiar objects heaped befo him: His school books. The beer cooler. The boogie board. And Nelson's guitar. Broken. Bloodied. Cursing, he heads the stall housing Malcolm's bike. 70.
81) 0) text: Anderson hops on Malcolm's motorcycle, handkerchief wrapp round his bloodied hand. Ready to roll. Except... No keys Then, a voice from the shadows...
81) 2) dialog: I wasn't stealing, buddy. Just borrowing. But what are you doing with the keys to that bad boy?
81) 4) dialog: I hear you, bro. Hucklebilly slumps down on a bail of hay, twirling the ke Anderson sits beside him. Notes his leather wristband.
81) 5) dialog: Whoa, that's a cool ass wristband you got there.
83) 0) text: Anderson sits beside Hucklebilly, WHISTLING along with th as he SINGS an old rockabilly tune. Pure torture, for Hucklebilly continues to dangle the keys. The keys to fre Finally, Anderson hops to his feet, snaps his fingers.
83) 1) dialog: I know what! How about you and I go for a ride? We'll find my buddies. Play "Kill the Kitty"
83) 3) dialog: Sure. Just toss me the keys and you and I'll hit the road.
83) 5) dialog: I won't tell Granny if you won't. Whaddya' say? He extends his hand. Hucklebilly smiles, forks over the k
84) 0) text: The world comes into view as Anderson slowly regains consciousness. It is night now, a full moon, and to his horror, Anderson discovers he is strapped down to a large picnic table, gagged. Flaming torches light the area, casting hellish shadows. The whole town is there: Granny... Harper... Rufus... Lester (and Jezebel)... Hester... Glendora... Peaches... The Milk Maiden... Hucklebilly... They sit around the table in wild anticipation, knives an forks in hands. Mayor Buckman proudly presides at the hea watching over a gagged Joey who is bound to her chair.
84) 21) dialog: Glory and honor... Anderson swings the blade down...
84) 25) dialog: You fucking maniacs wouldn't know glory and honor if it bit you flat on your Southern ass! Anderson wings the blade at Buckman, but Rufus knocks him down, taking the cleaver straight in the chest.
84) 27) dialog: (removing her gag) You okay?
84) 29) dialog: I guess that means yes. Anderson looks around. Points. Just yards away, Malcolm's motorcycle lies on its side. Escape! They head over. Peaches leaps over the flames, taking Joe down, all set to vampire her ass with her metal mouth gea Anderson moves in to assist, but Harper jumps in his way. His wields a spiked horseshoe, swinging at Anderson with wild sweeps, slashing, cutting... On the other side of the flames, Lester helps Buckman to his feet as Rufus extracts the cleaver like it was nothin
84) 40) dialog: You with me?
85) 0) text: SHERIFF FREIDMAN lounges at his desk, reading "Famous Monsters" magazine. At his feet, his loyal hound dog, ELVIS, gnaws on a bone. Another busy night at the office. BAM! The door bolts open. Anderson and Joey rush in, bloodied and crazed. Sheriff Freidman goes for his gun.
85) 1) dialog: No, no, no! Don't shoot!
85) 3) dialog: You gotta help us!
85) 6) dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but it's true! What she says is true! The folks in Pleasant Valley. They're insane! Murderers! Behind Anderson, in the jail cell, CONNIE MASON, a beautiful, inexplicably well-groomed inmate, grips the ba of the cell. She has a glazed look in her eyes.
85) 12) dialog: And then they started killing us one by one...
87) 0) text: The motorcycle drives along the dirt road, passing beneat the "Pleasant Valley. Population 2001" welcome sign befor coming to a halt. Anderson and Joey dismount as the squad car pulls up behind. The Sheriff gets out, flips on the spotlight and aims it at the clearing... 81.
88) 0) text: Anderson and Joey now see that they are standing dead center in the middle of a timeworn burial ground!!!! Rows of graves sprawl before them, graves carved with nam frighteningly familiar: Virginia Boone.. Harper Alexander Hester and Glendora.. Rufus, Lester (and Jez, of course). Anderson and Joey circle round in shock, trying to make sense of it all. Sheriff Freidman stares them down.
88) 5) dialog: All right! Stop! We're sorry! It was... a joke. A prank... The Sheriff puts away the cuffs. Smirks.
88) 11) dialog: "To the 2001 innocent confederate citizens of Pleasant Valley laid to waste on this very spot by renegade Yanks during The War Between the States, this plaque is hereby devoted as a pledge of blood justice. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, never will they rest in peace till one for one they are avenged..."
88) 14) dialog: This is real. And it's no joke. That inbred Sheriff is probably one of them. We gotta do something. (CONTINUED)
88) 18) dialog: Forget the FBI. I say we get the fucking Marines and invade the South all over again. The WIND blows through the cemetery, rustling the leaves an old oak tree. The effect is that of a ghostly whisper. Or is it laughter? Joey wraps her arms around Anderson.
88) 20) dialog: Fuck you, Pleasant Valley. With that, Anderson takes Joey's hand and heads out.
91) 0) text: Further up ahead... A FIGURE can be seen standing in the center of the road. Anderson slows the bike down and cautiously inches forwar Once closer, he and Joey can see that the figure is Hucklebilly, waving his arms and hootin' and hollerin'. (CONTINUED)
91) 4) dialog: Fuck that little shit. We'll drive around him. Anderson floors the engine and speeds right past Hucklebilly, knocking him flat on his ass. The boy behind them, he and Joey turn around to take one last glimpse at Pleasant Valley. They can't help but laug with relief. Now turning to face the course ahead, they detect a line rusty BARBED WIRE extended across the dirt road between t telephone poles. It's too late to stop... Or scream. The motorcycle glides under the sharpened cord, which cut through the necks of both Anderson and Joey. Their decapitated heads fly from their bodies, which continue t ride the two-wheeler before it comes to a crashing halt a EXPLODES . The liberated heads emerge from the FLAMES, bouncing alon the path like bloody basketballs. With great finesse, Hucklebilly runs and scoops them up. Cheshire grin crosses his face from ear to ear.