4) 46) text: George turns onto a pathway with a steep flight of wooden stairs. The rain is torrential. George slips on the wet wooden st as he climbs to the top of the stair case and runs out on Soledad Way. FLASHBACK - EXT. CHARLEY’S DRIVEWAY. EVENING (1961)
6) 4) dialog: I didn’t call too early, did 1? You sound grumpy.
6) 6) dialog: Of course not! I haven’t seen you all week. I’m dying for a dose of you.
6) 8) dialog: I'll see you tonight.
6) 10) dialog: Bye, old man. We linger on Charley as she hangs up the phone. We see th joy in her face. She has a reason to live. She takes a lo 16. deep drag of her cigarette, then stubs it out and throws herself back against her bed pillows. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. MORNING -- MINUTES LATER George, now fully dressed with his jacket and eyeglasses goes to his desk and unlocks a drawer. He carefully lifts out an object and places it on his desk. We see clearly t the object is a gun. He picks it up, flicks open the revo and turns it up in the air to empty the bullets. There ar no bullets. George sighs, clicks the gun closed, and plac it in his briefcase. He then shoves a stack of papers int the briefcase along with the Huxley book and heads out th door to the hall.
14) 1) dialog: Hello? 34.
14) 3) dialog: Just trying to finish up a book How's your day going?
14) 5) dialog: You're sweet, but thanks, I think I’m all set. She is looking at herself in the magnifying mirror.
14) 6) dialog: Oh, could you pick up a bottle of Gin for me? Tangueray? I love the color of the bottle.
15) 2) dialog: 7:00 would be great if that’s OK with you. 35.
15) 4) dialog: I'll see you then. Bye Geo.
15) 6) dialog: Beautiful...
24) 0) text: Opera music is now blaring. George, is re-arranging the items on his desk. He takes a dark suit out of the closet and lays it across the empty end of the desk top. He goes over to his dresse pulls out a shirt, takes a pair of gold cuff links out of ebony box on the dresser top and lays these out next to t suit. He goes back to his closet and grabs two different ties. He stands over the suit weighing the two different tie options. He chooses one, lays it on the shirt carefully a returns the other one to the closet. He carefully writes out something in bold type on a small piece of paper and pins it to the tie that he has laid ou with the shirt. He takes a note marked “Charley” from desk top and lays this on top of the suit. George goes to his closet, takes out a pair of black capp toe shoes and places them on the desk next to the suit. T shoes are perfectly polished. He stands back and surveys desk. 55.
25) 7) dialog: Geo.
25) 12) dialog: Come on in. INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - ENTRY HALL. NIGHT -- CONTINUOUS George follows Charley as they walk together through the house.
25) 13) dialog: Oh God. It smells awfully of cooking in here doesn’t it?
25) 15) dialog: I gave her the night off. I’m cooking myself.
25) 17) dialog: Yes, and I’m trying something new.
25) 19) dialog: Don’t be smart. I’m in a good mood tonight and I’m going to be fun I’ve made two early New Years resolutions. One, no more talk about awful ex-husbands and children who don’t give a damn 59.
25) 21) dialog: One what?
25) 23) dialog: Oh, resolution number two! More smoking and more drinking and screw it all! So, come mix me up a drink I'll have a gin and tonic please and watch out baby!
25) 25) dialog: It was sweet of you to come tonight.
25) 27) dialog: Oh come off it. Whenever you do something sweet, you're too ashamed to admit it. 60. George hands Charley her drink and sits down next to her.
25) 29) dialog: And just what are your resolutions by the way?
25) 31) dialog: Light me up Geo, will you... Charley looks Geo in the eyes. George leans forward for t table lighter.
25) 32) dialog: Darling, you don’t look well. Do you remember when you had your little heart attack last year?
25) 34) dialog: Well whatever it was darling you don’t look so hot.
25) 36) dialog: Geo, it’s normal. You were with Jim for 16 years. I think about Richard everyday too. It’s hard being alone. At least you have a job and a life. (beat) Let’s have a bit of dinner shall we? Because I’ve worked so hard... 61. INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT -- LATER They've finished their dinner, and a bottle of champagne.
25) 37) dialog: Really? Charley lights another cigarette. CHARLEY (CONT’D) What are you talking about?
25) 39) dialog: I wouldn't mind if “old” didn’t exist, but I’m not sure “senior” is what I’m shooting for either Charley catches a reflection of herself in the glass of the window and smooths her cheek up a bit with her well manicured hand.
25) 41) dialog: Well, the young ones have no manners. The other day at the car wash I had a young man look me up and down and actually ask me if I was a natural blonde!
25) 43) dialog: I looked him straight in the eye (MORE)
25) 45) dialog: and said: “Well, let’s just say that if I stood on my head I would be a natural brunette with lovely breath.”
25) 47) dialog: I did! And the amusing thing was that it went right over his head! They both laugh hysterically.
25) 49) dialog: Oh Geo, we could always go back to London. The two of us.
25) 51) dialog: You know you miss it.
25) 53) dialog: Do you really think you would have moved? 63.
25) 55) dialog: What’s this? George pulls his hand away.
25) 57) dialog: Wait, wait, wait! Don’t move. I LOVE this. She puts on a wild record as George begins to laugh again his will.
25) 59) dialog: Come on old man! The music blares and the two of them go crazy. Charley is quite a sexy dancer as is George. He twists lower and low as the two of them have a Watusi competition all the time laughing. As Charley shakes her head and goes wild, she loses her balance in her mules and falls back onto George. The two them fall to the floor laughing. They are both flat on their backs as Charley slides into comfortable spot under George's arm with her head on his shoulder. They slowly calm down and their laughter turns to sweet smiles of exhausted, drunken contentment as the record di down and turns itself off. They look blissful lying on the white shag carpet as they regain their breath.
25) 61) dialog: Very smooth cigarette move.
25) 63) dialog: You don’t even smoke.
25) 65) dialog: This is so nice lying here with you. Don’t you ever miss this? What we could have been to each other? Having a real relationship and kids?
25) 67) dialog: I know, but I mean a real relationship. Geo, let’s be honest, what you and Jim had was great but wasn’t it really just a substitute for something else? George sits up and looks directly at Charley.
25) 73) dialog: I didn’t mean it the way it sounded. I know how much the two of you loved each other
25) 74) dialog: I just suppose that I was always a bit jealous that you and I never had that kind of love. Actually I've never had that kind of love with anyone. I don’t think Richard ever loved me except for the way I looked. And Clay, I don’t know. You raise a child and love it and then when they get old enough they just leave.
25) 76) dialog: And it’s not one of yours? You're as pathetic as I am.
25) 78) dialog: Well its not one of mine either. I don’t like feeling sorry for myself one bit. I tried to hold onto Richard for so long even when it was obvious to everyone but me that it was over. Now Clay is grown up. I mean, what am I doing here Geo? Tell me that?
25) 80) dialog: Yes, I have friends. But none of them need me. And yes I have you and if you weren’t such a goddamn poof we could have all been happy! George begins to smile. Charley crosses to the coffee table, lights another cigarette, takes a long drag and exhales slowly. She sits down on the sofa and George joins her. He slips his arm around her as she attempts to wriggle away.
25) 81) dialog: I only have you now because you lost Jim, but I’1l lose you again soon to someone else. It’s not as easy for a woman. I did everything the way that I was supposed to and all I have to keep me company is a bottle of gin.
25) 83) dialog: Screw you! 68.
25) 85) dialog: You have all the goddamn answers don’t you? If you're so smart why aren’t YOU making something new happen in your life? (beat) I’m serious. Why don’t you take that position at Stanford? Why do you keep teaching at that little school when you could have any position you want?
25) 87) dialog: I’m sorry, I shouldn't have said that. (beat) As much as I dread it, I think I might move back to London.
25) 89) dialog: When I lived in London last I was YOUNG. I was fresh, I was everything. Coming to America was (MORE )
25) 92) dialog: Living in the past IS my future. You're a man. It doesn’t have to be yours. They both sit silently for a moment.
25) 93) dialog: And you're a bore tonight. Can’t we just feel sorry for ourselves a little bit longer? Mix me up another drink. Please? George checks his watch. 10:45.
25) 95) dialog: But this was such fun!
25) 97) dialog: When will I see you again?
25) 101) dialog: What are you doing this weekend?
25) 103) dialog: You never really did take me seriously did you George? George opens the door, turns and faces her.