0) 0) text: Our black screen slowly fades to a murky blue-grey as it becomes apparent that we are underwater. From the top of screen drifts the nude body of a man, arms outstretched, sinking slowly. He moves his legs in a slight struggle as is pulled deeper and deeper into the water. His hand lash out in a final sudden movement as his body becomes still. We are now close in on the man’s face to reveal GEORGE, as he begins to toss and turn violently in the water searching for air. A title appears over our image in simple bold type: FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1962.
0) 4) text: George continues to toss and turn underwater even more violently as he struggles to find air.
1) 0) text: George bolts up in a panic. He can’t breathe. He is swe The drumbeat sound is loud and constant. In the distance hear a female voice.
1) 10) dialog: I was never terribly fond of waking up. He rises, navigates the grid of letters, and walks to the bathroom.
2) 2) dialog: I used to want to punch him sometimes in the morning he was so happy. Taking a handful of aspirin
2) 3) dialog: I always used to tell him that only fools greet the day with a smile, that only fools could possibly escape the simple truth that now isn’t simply now: it’s a cold reminder. One day later than yesterday, one year later than last year and that sooner or later it will come.
2) 5) dialog: He used to laugh at me and then give me a kiss on the cheek INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. MORNING -- MINUTES LATER
2) 6) text: Opening an extremely organized drawer and taking out a pa of perfectly folded black socks. GEORGE V.O. It takes time in the morning for me to become George, time to adjust to what is expected of George and how he is to behave. Opening another equally organized drawer and pulling out immaculately pressed and folded white shirt.
2) 7) dialog: By the time I have dressed and put the final layer of polish on the now slightly stiff but quite perfect George I know fully what part I’m supposed to play. George runs a brush over his shoes. He dabs the back of his neck with cologne. END SERIES OF SHOTS. Standing at his dresser, George adjusts his tie and looks at himself intently in the mirror as our camera glides up George's body to his face to reveal the now fully realize public face of George.
2) 8) dialog: Looking in the mirror staring back at me isn’t so much a face as the expression of a predicament.
2) 9) dialog: (whispering aloud to himself) Just get through the goddamn day. GEORGE V.O. A bit melodramatic I guess.
3) 0) text: George walks down the hallway. As he approaches the livin room he glances out the window and sees JIM. GEORGE V.O. But then again my heart has been broken. JIM, 34, handsome and well built in a classical American is waxing a surfboard on a pair of saw horses. Two more surfboards lie on the bright green lawn behind him. A bla and white, smooth fox terrier, like the dead dog in the c lies in the sun on his side next to Jim. Another smaller, but identical dog is biting at the collar of the first do Jim is disciplining the smaller dog.
3) 1) dialog: I feel as If I am sinking, drowning, can’t breathe. George stares back at Jim but his expression is suddenly changed by a sharp pain that grips his chest. He holds onto the louvered rail that separates the hall f the living room to avoid falling over. He stands still an takes a deep breath. When the pain passes, he looks back out of the window. No surfboards. No Jim. No dogs. Just a brown over-grown lawn George closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath. He makes his way down the hallway and into the kitchen.
4) 0) text: George plugs in the toaster and opens the bread box. No bread. He opens the refrigerator. No bread. He opens the freezer to find a loaf of white bread frozen solid. He dr the bread on the counter with a thud. Irritated he bangs bread several times on the kitchen counter. He abandons t loaf of bread and begins making himself a pot of coffee. 7.
4) 1) text: INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - DINING AREA. MORNING -- MINUTES L George is seated at the table having his morning coffee a the phone rings. George looks at his watch. 7:40. He look back at the ringing phone and decides not to answer it. FLASHBACK - INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. DAY (194 George and Jim are standing in the completely new and absolutely empty house for the first time. It is stunning The starkness of it then is a total contrast to the house today. This is the house before it had a life.
4) 2) dialog: Aren’t you going to say something?
4) 4) dialog: What are you doing? George pushes him away. Nervously looking out of the larg plate glass window.
4) 5) dialog: Jim, stop it. I don’t think you're quite ready for life in a glass house.
4) 8) dialog: That’s not exactly what I meant. George gives in and the two men begin to kiss.
4) 11) text: As George stands in front of his book case, the phone sta to ring again. George looks across the room at the phone which sits on a small table next to an upholstered club chair. GEORGE V.O. Finally. You know it has been raining here all day and I’ve been trapped in this house waiting for you to call.
4) 15) dialog: I’m sorry, I was expecting someone else. Yes sir, you have indeed called the correct number. How may I help you?
4) 17) dialog: Oh yes, of course. Good evening Mr. Ackerley.
4) 19) dialog: oh?
4) 21) dialog: Accident?
4) 24) dialog: Oh.
4) 26) dialog: I see.
4) 28) dialog: Thank you.
4) 30) dialog: Yes, indeed.
4) 31) dialog: Will there be a service?
4) 33) dialog: Well I suppose I should get off the phone and book a plane flight.
4) 35) dialog: For family. Of course. Well thank you for calling. (Beat) Oh, Mr. Ackerly? ll.
4) 37) dialog: May I ask what happened to the dogs?
4) 39) dialog: Yes. A small female.
4) 41) dialog: Well, thank you for calling, Mr. Ackerly.
4) 46) text: George turns onto a pathway with a steep flight of wooden stairs. The rain is torrential. George slips on the wet wooden st as he climbs to the top of the stair case and runs out on Soledad Way. FLASHBACK - EXT. CHARLEY’S DRIVEWAY. EVENING (1961)
5) 0) text: Sitting on the toilet, George reads. There is a constant banging from outside. This is the sam banging we heard earlier. George attempts to ignore the irritating sound but finds it impossible to concentrate a slams his book shut. He looks across the street. The wind is positioned so that when on the toilet George can see o but only his head can be seen from outside.
6) 1) dialog: Hello Charley.
6) 3) dialog: Charlotte, no one else ever calls me before 8:00 in the morning
6) 5) dialog: No. I just have a headache. I was going to call you actually. Is it too late to change my mind about tonight?
6) 7) dialog: I know. I’m sorry. So, great. I’11 see you tonight. I need to run though. I’m late for work. I’11 call you later from school
6) 9) dialog: Good-bye kiddo.
6) 11) text: INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. MORNING -- CONTINUOU George is coming down the hall. As he rushes toward the front door, he practically knocks over his cleaning woman ALVA, arriving with a bag of groceries and the newspaper under her arm. Alva is a kind, Hispanic woman in her mid 40's.
6) 14) dialog: Good morning Alva. No, I didn’t sleep well. You forgot to take the bread out of the freezer
6) 16) dialog: It was a little too fresh this morning. There are some papers laid out on my desk that need to stay (MORE)
6) 18) dialog: there so please don’t move them. And my pen leaked all over the bed. I’m sorry about the sheets.
6) 20) dialog: Alva?
6) 22) dialog: Thank you. You're wonderful Georges crosses to the table and kisses Alva on the cheek She is stunned. George turns and leaves the house as Alva stares after him as though he is from Mars.
7) 0) text: George pulls into the faculty parking lot of the school. radio is on as he waits for three female students to pass front of his car.
8) 3) dialog: Good morning.
8) 5) dialog: Yes.
8) 7) dialog: My address? What was his name?
8) 9) dialog: Did you give it to him?
8) 13) dialog: Your hair looks great up like that.
8) 15) dialog: I said your hair looks great like that. It suits you. You always look so beautiful. Really fresh. You have such a lovely smile. George breathes in.
8) 16) dialog: Arpege?
8) 18) dialog: Really beautiful. George walks away. The Blonde Secretary looks back at the other girl, clearly dumbfounded at George’s manner.
9) 0) text: George enters the room and makes an effort to avoid eye contact with anyone. An older professor DON who is readin the paper looks up and smiles at George.
9) 1) dialog: Good morning Don.
9) 4) dialog: Good morning Grant. George grabs his second candy bar and heads out the door Grant follows.
10) 0) text: The sky is a dark brown haze. George eats his candy bar, gently steering them towards t tennis courts.
10) 1) dialog: Look around Grant... most of these students aspire to nothing more than a corporate job and a desire to raise coke-drinking, TV-watching children who as soon as they can speak start chanting TV jingles and smashing things with hammers.
10) 3) dialog: I sometimes find them staring at me in a kind of bovine stupor as if I were lecturing in a foreign language. Remind me why we shouldn’t all just be annihilated? George scans the tennis courts out of the corner of his eye. Only one court is occupied, by two young men playing singles. The sun comes out with a sudden fierce heat that cuts thr the yellow smog-haze. The players are shirtless.
10) 12) dialog: You're serious aren’t you?
10) 16) dialog: Really?
10) 25) dialog: And so?
10) 27) dialog: If it’s going to be a world with no time for sentiment Grant, it’s not a world that I want to live in. One of our tennis players lets out a loud THWACK.
11) 1) text: George is sitting on the edge of his desk. Frozen. He has look of extreme melancholy on his face. His shoulders are slumped. He waits for the clock to strike 10:00 exactly and then h stands, picks up his briefcase and heads out the door. INT. SAN TOMAS COLLEGE - GEORGE’S CLASS -- MINUTES LATE George walks into class and places his briefcase on the desk. Most of the students continue to talk. George sits on the edge of the desk and reaches into his briefcase. He fumbles around for a moment, pauses, and th pulls out a book. He sits quietly with a slight look of disgust on his face staring directly at the talkers as, o by one, they succumb to his silence. Finally George speaks.
11) 2) dialog: “After Many a Summer Dies the Swan.” Blank stares.
11) 3) dialog: I trust you've all read the Huxley novel I assigned almost three weeks ago? How does the title relate to our story? He looks around the room as a few hands go up.
11) 4) dialog: Yes, Mr. Mong.
11) 10) dialog: Russ? George signals for Russ to speak. Our camera speed slows and our sound fades as George seem mesmerized by the blank eyes of Lois. Lois is smoking and staring straight back at George in an almost aggressive manner. She begins to whisper into Kenny’s ear. Kenny continues to watch George who has a dazed expression on h face. George slowly regains his composure and comes to attentio as MYRON - a dark-complexioned young man with intense eye and glasses- raises his hand. OUR SOUND RETURNS.
11) 11) dialog: Yes, Mr. Hirsch.
11) 13) dialog: No. 26. The class stares at George, expecting more from such a provocative question.
11) 14) dialog: No, Mr. Huxley is not an anti Semite. The Nazis were obviously wrong to hate the Jews. But their hating the Jews was not without a cause... But the cause wasn’t real. The cause was imagined. The cause was FEAR. Curious stares.
11) 15) dialog: Let’s leave the Jews out of this for a moment and think of another minority. One that can go unnoticed if it needs to. George looks directly at WALTER, a slightly effeminate yo man, who turns away embarrassed.
11) 16) dialog: There are all sorts of minorities, blondes for example, but a minority is only thought of as one when it constitutes some kind of threat to the majority. A real threat or an imagined one. And therein lies the FEAR. And, if the minority is somehow invisible... Another glance at Walter.
11) 17) dialog: .+:the fear is even greater Kenny tries to find the target of George’s glance, but avail.
11) 18) dialog: And this FEAR is the reason the minority is persecuted. So, there (MORE)
11) 20) dialog: always is a cause. And the cause is FEAR. Minorities are just people. People... Again a subtle look at Walter.
11) 21) dialog: +.+like us. Walter shrinks in his seat.
11) 22) dialog: I can see that I’ve lost you a bit. You know what? Let’s forget about Huxley today. George places his book on his desk. Several students look from their notebooks.
11) 23) dialog: Let’s just talk about fear. Fear after all, is our real enemy. Fear is taking over our world. Fear is being used as a tool of manipulation in our society. It’s how politicians peddle policy and how Madison Avenue sells us things that we don’t need. Think about it. Fear that we’re going to be attacked, fear that there are communists lurking around every corner, fear that some little Caribbean country that doesn’t believe in our way of life poses a threat to us. Fear that black culture may take over the world. Fear of Elvis Presley’s hips. (beat) Well, maybe that one is a real fear. Fear that our bad breath might ruin our friendships... Fear of growing old and being alone. George notices a few eyes looking over his shoulder at th clock on the wall which reads 12:05. 28.
11) 24) dialog: Fear that we're useless and that no one cares what we have to say. Some shift about uncomfortably in their seats, yet Kenny stares, amazed. George surveys the anxious class, realizing he has lost their attention.
11) 25) dialog: Have a good weekend. George closes his book, shoves it in his briefcase, and walks out the door as his students gather their things. Kenny gets up to follow after George but Lois corners him talk.
12) 0) text: George is heading briskly towards the administration building when he hears Kenny's voice.
12) 2) dialog: I don’t think it went over very well.
12) 6) dialog: Everyone's afraid of something Kenny.
12) 8) dialog: Cars.
12) 10) dialog: Maybe you can’t.
12) 12) dialog: Of course.
12) 14) dialog: How old do I look to you?
12) 16) dialog: Of course, Kenny.
12) 18) dialog: I shouldn't really be discussing this with you on campus Mr. Potter. George begins walking and Kenny follows.
12) 20) dialog: Not my drug of choice. I shaved off one of my eyebrows once on mescaline. Not a good look for me
12) 22) dialog: I looked in the mirror - big mistake if you're high on mescaline - and decided that my eyebrows were taking over my face and before I knew it, I had shaved one off. I wore a band-aid over my eye for about 6 weeks while my brow grew in. Very embarrassing.
12) 24) dialog: Kenny, have you been listening to me? I shaved off my eyebrow. I wanted an experience Mr. Potter, not a career on stage. 31.
12) 26) dialog: You're really mad aren’t you?
12) 28) dialog: What makes you say that?
12) 30) dialog: Well, not all of you. I didn’t notice you open your mouth once.
12) 32) dialog: Well, maybe that’s true up to a point.
12) 33) dialog: It’s not that I want to be cagey. I can’t really discuss things completely openly at school Someone would misunderstand... I tried to do that today. It doesn’t work.
13) 0) text: Kenny seems to be thinking over what George has said as t two men enter the bookstore. Kenny picks up a red pencil sharpener from a display on the counter and a note book.
13) 2) dialog: Nothing. I was on my way to the Dean’s office.
13) 4) dialog: Why not?
13) 6) dialog: Thank you. George chooses a yellow one.
13) 8) dialog: Why blue?
13) 10) dialog: What makes you think I’m spiritual? And you? Red?
13) 12) dialog: Lots of things. Rage. Lust.
14) 0) text: George is cleaning up his office. He is arranging the ins of his drawers and throwing things into the garbage can. is all immaculate. His desk is absolutely bare with the exception of three file folders carefully labeled and lai out precisely on his desk top. George sits down and sighs. He rests his head in his hand for a few moments and rubs his temples. He opens his briefcase, searching for something. He locat a bottle of aspirin, and empties 3 tablets into his hand. He opens his lower desk drawer and pulls out a near empty bottle of scotch. He unscrews the cap and finishes the bo off, as he washes down the aspirin. He picks up the phone and dials a number.
14) 2) dialog: What are you up to kiddo? INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - DRESSING ROOM. DAY -- CONTINUOUS Charley's hair is teased up but has not yet had it’s fi brush out and last coat of lacquer. Her foundation is on the rest of her makeup is not yet done and her face is ma beige. She has a picture ripped out of Vogue on her dress top about how to achieve the “Perfect Doe Eye”. One e made up and the other is bare. We are staring at her in a magnifying mirror. There are dresses strewn around the ro A Serge Gainsbourg record is playing in the background.
14) 4) dialog: Fine. I was just getting ready to leave school and wanted to know if you needed anything for tonight?
15) 1) dialog: You love what’s in it. What time do you want me?
15) 3) dialog: Perfect. I'll see you tonight. INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. DAY -- CONTINUOUS
15) 5) dialog: Good-bye kiddo. She hangs up the phone and starts back to work on her fac She does a little dance move to the record and stares int the mirror.
16) 0) text: We cut back to GEORGE’S P.0.V. He looks at the clock on wall. 2:20. George takes one of the folders off of his de and slips it into his briefcase as he walks to the door. He turns, and looks around the room for a moment. He turns off the light and closes the door as he leaves.
17) 0) text: Exiting the faculty building, George crosses the campus t the parking lot.
18) 2) dialog: Yes, Mr. Potter?
18) 4) dialog: That is usually why people get into their cars.
18) 6) dialog: What?
18) 8) dialog: What is it that you really want Kenny?
18) 10) dialog: And why is that?
18) 12) dialog: Oh really? 37.
18) 14) dialog: Well, you might be right Kenny, but we'll have to make it another time I’m late. (beat) But thank you for the invitation. And thank you for the talk earlier. And stay away from the mescaline. George starts his car and pulls out of the driveway and onto a winding side street leaving Kenny sitting on his motorcycle in the parking lot.
18) 17) dialog: Hello. How are you today?
19) 3) dialog: Thank you. As the teller leaves, George opens the box and slowly empties the contents. He pulls out folded documents and pushes them into his briefcase. He takes out a slim gold wedding band, looks at it for a moment and then slips it onto his little finger next to h signet ring. A black and white photograph in the box catches George’ eye. INSERT PHOTO: it is a nude picture of Jim lying on a larg boulder in the sun. As George stares at the photo, he closes his eyes.
19) 13) dialog: What would you like to know? 39.
19) 15) dialog: Yes. A few times when we were young. I don’t mean to say that it didn’t mean anything to me but, I’m afraid it meant a good deal more to Charley. It was a long time ago in London. It didn’t work out very well. I love Charley and we are very close friends but that’s all.
19) 17) dialog: Because I fall in love with men Because I fell in love with you Anyway, doesn’t everyone sleep with women when they’re young?
19) 19) dialog: You're joking.
19) 21) dialog: Well. You're awfully modern aren't you? You know, that was the first thing that I noticed about you was how sure of yourself you were. How can you be so sure about everything at your age?
19) 23) dialog: Of course you are. George lets his hand brush against Jim’s. Jim looks at George then breaks into a great smile.
20) 2) dialog: I’m finished now. Thank you.
20) 5) dialog: I can’t find my check book and I need some cash. Not my day I’m afraid. Excuse me a minute. George sits down on a trim upholstered sofa and starts to look carefully through his briefcase. Into our frame come two perfect, tiny blue patent leather shoes. George looks up to see Jennifer Strunk. Her beauty is almost alarming. Her blue eyes match the color of her tin shoes. She stares at George intently.
20) 14) dialog: Well I think yours are pretty too.
20) 16) dialog: What? Jennifer holds out her terrarium. It has paper columns gl around the outside and inside is a large black scorpion a a small spider clinging to a stick.
20) 18) dialog: No kidding. why?
20) 23) dialog: She’s not bothering me at all Susan. How are you?
20) 25) dialog: Thank you, it’s very kind of you but I’m afraid that I have plans tonight.
20) 27) dialog: Goodbye Susan. Goodbye Jennifer The two women walk away and George looks after them with faint smile. Jennifer turns and stares back at George and flashes her blue eyes at him. He is left smiling back at her.
20) 29) text: There are rows of guns on the wall behind the counter and innocuous music plays in the background. A YOUNG BOY, 14, behind the counter helping a PRETTY BLONDE GIRL with a ri George walks up to the counter and places his gun down.
20) 31) dialog: I need a box of bullets for this gun.
20) 34) dialog: No thanks. Just the bullets please. George hands the boy money for the bullets.
20) 37) dialog: She’s perfect. What’s her name? The Young Woman gets inside and rolls down the window. Th dog climbs onto her lap and puts her front paws on the ca door.
20) 39) dialog: I used to have smooth fox terriers. You don’t see them very often
20) 42) dialog: She’s still a puppy isn’t she? George pulls back. The Young Woman is slightly taken abac by George but flattered. She nods and then smiles.
20) 44) dialog: You too. Good night India George watches as the car pulls away. India now on the passenger seat looks back at George. George heads toward the front of the store. 45. As George walks toward the door we see CARLOS, 20, a hust in a leather jacket, tight jeans, boots and a t-shirt loitering near a pay phone smoking a cigarette. He is ver handsome in a cheap way and locks eyes with George as Geo enters the electric doors. George looks away uncomfortably. EXT. LIQUOR STORE. LATE AFTERNOON -- MOMENTS LATER. As George exits the liquor store with two bottles in brow paper bags, Carlos turns to enter and the two men walk ri into each other as George’s gin crashes to the ground.
20) 46) dialog: It’s OK. Carlos’ pack of cigarettes is on the ground covered in and glass.
20) 47) dialog: It was my fault. 1/11 get you another pack. Carlos smiles and looks right into George’s eyes.
20) 49) dialog: No, no I insist.
20) 52) dialog: I’m sorry about the broken glass. Thank you. George hands the cigarettes to Carlos.
20) 53) dialog: Here you go.
21) 3) dialog: No thanks. George stares into Carlos’ face. His beauty is stunning
21) 4) dialog: Well, yes actually. Why not. Thank you. George takes a cigarette and Carlos lights it as George gazes into his eyes. CLOSE UP SHOTS OF CARLOS’ EYES AND LASHES. DETAILS OF H
21) 9) dialog: What did you say? 47.
21) 11) dialog: Oh, yeah, yeah. I’m sorry. George takes a last deep inhale as he looks Carlos up and down and then settles on his face.
21) 12) dialog: (in perfect Spanish) Wow. You're really something. You have an incredible face. Enjoy that. It’s a great gift.
21) 14) dialog: (in Spanish) Thanks. I should have used it more.
21) 16) dialog: What are you doing?
21) 18) dialog: No. But, thanks. Looking up at the sky, George stops and stares at it.
21) 20) dialog: I've never seen a sky like this before.
21) 22) dialog: Could I have another cigarette?
21) 25) dialog: I’m sure. (Beat) Where are you from?
21) 27) dialog: Madrid? How did you get here?
21) 29) dialog: I like your accent. You speak very well. How did you learn English?
21) 31) dialog: Is your mother in Madrid?
21) 33) dialog: You look better than James Dean
21) 35) dialog: I think you picked me up. (Beat) Today is kind of a serious day for me
21) 37) dialog: Oh, I’m just trying to get over an old love I guess.
21) 39) dialog: You have a smart mother. I’ve got to go.
21) 41) dialog: Thanks, but I’m going away. George backs up the car and waves quickly to Carlos as he pulls out of the parking lot. Carlos stares after the car.
22) 0) text: George, in a crisp white shirt with french cuffs, is wash his hands and dressing for dinner as a very loud cocktail party sound blasts from the Strunk house. George looks out his window to survey all of this. The Strunk lawn is pristine, flower beds immaculate, and guests are arriving. All are dressed in their best, chic cocktail outfits and the driveway is full of sleek, late- model cars. 51. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. EVENING -- MOMENTS LATER
22) 1) text: George is increasingly irritated at the sound of the part He walks over to his Hi Fi and starts to put on a record. As he does he glances back at the sofa.....
22) 3) dialog: It’s your turn to change it.
22) 5) dialog: Oh, please, please. Come on. I’11 give you five dollars if you change it. Please. I don’t want to. I’m too old to get up.
22) 8) dialog: It’s for my class. And what highbrow work of fiction might you be reading? Jim flashes the cover of Breakfast at Tiffany’s.
22) 9) dialog: Hmmm.
22) 12) dialog: He wants to go out.
22) 14) dialog: Why, because he gets to sniff anyone’s ass he wants to?
22) 19) dialog: Well, the dumbest creatures are the happiest. Just look at your mother
22) 21) dialog: Well, it wouldn’t be OK with me so shut up and go change the record.
23) 0) text: George looks towards the Strunk house again. He is irrita at the noise from the party and puts on the record.
24) 0) text: Opera music is now blaring. George, is re-arranging the items on his desk. He takes a dark suit out of the closet and lays it across the empty end of the desk top. He goes over to his dresse pulls out a shirt, takes a pair of gold cuff links out of ebony box on the dresser top and lays these out next to t suit. He goes back to his closet and grabs two different ties. He stands over the suit weighing the two different tie options. He chooses one, lays it on the shirt carefully a returns the other one to the closet. He carefully writes out something in bold type on a small piece of paper and pins it to the tie that he has laid ou with the shirt. He takes a note marked “Charley” from desk top and lays this on top of the suit. George goes to his closet, takes out a pair of black capp toe shoes and places them on the desk next to the suit. T shoes are perfectly polished. He stands back and surveys desk. 55.
24) 8) text: AND A NOTE THAT SAYS “WINDSOR KNOT” AT THE NECK. George takes the gun from his desk and goes over to his s of the bed. He lays down. He opens his mouth and carefull inserts the tip of the gun. He lies like this for a momen sits up, looks at the wall behind him and the pillows on bed and gets up and heads toward the bathroom with the gu in his hand. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM. EVENING -- CONTINUOUS George gets into the shower and pulls the shower curtain closed. Our shot is from the OUTSIDE OF THE SHOWER and we can see George's silhouette as he raises the gun to his mouth. He turns and looks behind himself. He repeats the motion of placing the gun in his mouth but this time fall back against the wall and slides down it. George yanks th curtain open and goes out of the door and down the hall. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM. EVENING -- MOMENTS LATER George comes back into the bedroom with a red flannel sleeping bag. The gun is still in his hand. He unrolls th sleeping bag and places it on the bed. He gets in and zip it up over his head. We can see by the shape of the sleep bag that he has raised the gun to his mouth. Just as he d this, the phone rings. George freezes for a moment, then gets out of the sleeping bag and crosses the room. He pla the gun on his desk and answers the phone.
24) 9) dialog: No, I did not forget the gin. I’11 see you in ten minutes He hangs up the phone and heads down the hall. 56. EXT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN. EVENING -- MINUTES LATER George is standing at the kitchen counter putting the finishing touches on a note. He is now dressed in a blazer with gold buttons, grey sla and black loafers. He has clearly made an effort to look handsome. He folds the note around a stack of one hundred dollar bi and puts it into an envelope. He writes ALVA on the outsi of the envelope, goes to the bread box and pulls out a ne loaf of bread. He opens the wrapper and slides the envelope in so that i is visible through the plastic. He closes the wrapper and places the loaf of bread in the freezer. He grabs the liquor bottles and heads out the door.
25) 0) text: George leaves his house and begins to walk down his drive The Strunk cocktail party is now in full swing and two couples are being greeted at the front door by Mr. Strunk All of a sudden, Christopher Strunk jumps out of the bush with his toy machine gun and starts shooting at George. George stares down at the little boy.
25) 3) dialog: Christopher, would you like it if I killed you?
25) 5) dialog: Well, if you keep it up we are going to find out, so go home and stop shooting at people. Christopher glares at George. George offers a quick salutation and a broad smile to Mr. Strunk and then turns and walks up the road.
25) 11) dialog: You look divine. As chic as ever. George is genuinely happy to see Charley.
25) 14) dialog: It smells great. I’m starving Where’s Louisa? INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - SUN ROOM. NIGHT -- CONTINUOUS
25) 16) dialog: You are?
25) 18) dialog: Charley darling, you cooking is new.
25) 20) dialog: And the other one?
25) 22) dialog: Resolution.
25) 24) dialog: Coming up. INT. CHARLEY’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT -- CONTINUOUS The interior of the living room is almost all white. This is very definitely the house of a stylish woman. There is white shag carpet on the floor, a fire burning, a large curved sectional sofa in the center of the room and an elaborate dining table set for two in a window at the far end of the room. As they walk into the living room George turns to the wel stocked drinks table and mixes them both a drink. Charley sits down on the sofa in front of the fire.
25) 26) dialog: Sweet had nothing to do with it. I needed to see you.
25) 28) dialog: To our early New Years Resolutions.
25) 30) dialog: To let go of the past. Completely, entirely, and forever. They raise their glasses and smile at each other. Charley looks George up and down.
25) 33) dialog: It wasn’t a heart attack.
25) 35) dialog: I’m great. Never been better. Just tired. I haven't been sleeping
25) 38) dialog: Seriously, “old” doesn’t exist anymore. A student yesterday called me a “senior citizen”.
25) 40) dialog: It’s all becoming so bland... it’s not why I came to America. It’s like a complete breakdown of culture and manners.
25) 42) dialog: No. What did you say?
25) 46) dialog: You did not!
25) 48) dialog: You had a mouth on you even back in London. Do you remember that old lesbian who threw her drink at you because you asked her if she was hung like a donut!? They practically fall out of their chairs laughing at thi one. Their laughing tapers off as Charley takes a drag on her cigarette. There is a quiet, sweet pause between them
25) 50) dialog: No thanks.
25) 52) dialog: Sometimes I miss it. Maybe if Jim had lived. He loved England. He really wanted us to stay the last time we were there.
25) 54) dialog: Oh, I don’t know. It’s silly to even talk about it. It was just a fantasy. Charley reaches over and holds his hand. As she does, she fondles his little finger and notices the addition of the slim gold band.
25) 56) dialog: My mother’s wedding ring. I found it when I was cleaning out a drawer. Charlotte dear, we are both in need of another drink George stands up, grabs their two empty glasses, and head back to the drinks table as Charley watches, clearly stil very much in love. Charley gets up and puts on a record and then crosses the room to where George is mixing the drinks and slides up behind him affectionately. George smiles as Charley embraces him from behind and lay her head on his shoulder. Much to her surprise he turns around, takes her hand, and grabs her around the waist as they begin to slow dance. George buries his head in Charley’s neck and squeezes h close. We hear the sound of her bracelets and George feel the brush of her earrings as he literally drinks her in. They are drunk and adorable together as the pace of the music slows and George starts to pull away. Charley in an attempt to keep things going stops dancing and runs across the room to change the record. 64.
25) 58) dialog: You are insane!
25) 60) dialog: Don’t move. George jumps up, slips off his jacket and tosses a few pillows to the floor. He grabs their drinks, Charley’s cigarettes and an ashtray and heads back to her. He slides back down next to her, lights two cigarettes at the same time, gives one to her, and takes the other one himself.
25) 64) dialog: Well, not for the last 16 years. Jim hated. What’s to stop me now. It’s not as if it’s going to kill me is it? They both laugh and blow smoke into the air.
25) 66) dialog: (stunned) I had Jim.
25) 68) dialog: Is that really what you think after all of these years? That Jim was just a substitute for real love? George really loses his temper.
25) 69) dialog: Jim wasn’t a substitute for anything, and there is no substitute for Jim, anywhere! And (MORE)
25) 72) dialog: by the way, what was so REAL about your relationship with Richard? He left you after 9 years! Jim and I were together for 16 years and if he hadn’t died we would still be together! What the hell is not REAL about that!? George, disgusted, gets up and stands in front of the fir He stands dead still for a moment trying to compose himse Charley is stunned and doesn’t move. Charley has been stung by George’s comments about her marriage.
25) 75) dialog: Charlotte, there is nothing wrong with your life. You like feeling sorry for yourself. It’s one of your great pleasures.
25) 77) dialog: Feeling sorry for myself is definitely not one of my great pleasures. 67. Charley struggles to stand up.
25) 79) dialog: You have lots of friends. You’ll be fine. Charley sighs.
25) 82) dialog: Maybe you should try donuts with your gin.
25) 84) dialog: Charlotte, you are dramatic. You really almost had me. A tiny tear was beginning to form in the corner of my eye. Now stop it, you know that you are still breathtakingly beautiful when you bother to get yourself up and out of bed and you stop whimpering about everything for five minutes. Move back to London! Change your life! If you're not happy being a woman then stop acting like one.
25) 86) dialog: I think what I’ve done has been worthwhile. George is stung.
25) 88) dialog: Why do you dread it?
25) 91) dialog: Most things don’t work out the way people plan. You’re living in the past. You need to start thinking about the future.
25) 94) dialog: I don’t think so. I have to go. Come on. Walk me out. He gets up and takes his jacket from the back of the sofa
25) 96) dialog: I have to. Charley gets up and follows him as they walk toward the entry hall.
25) 98) dialog: Aren’t you moving to London?
25) 100) dialog: Don't worry about me Charley. I’m OK. I’ve got all the answers. Remember?
25) 102) dialog: I think I might just be very quiet.
25) 104) dialog: I tried to Charley. Remember? A long time ago. It didn’t quite work, did it? Good night Charley. As they embrace, she kisses him hard. For a moment he kis her back until her kiss turns serious and desperate. George calmly backs up and looks into her eyes. With both hands, he firmly grips her arms and kisses her again on t mouth but this time it is a chaste good-bye kiss. Charley behaves. She is defeated and we feel that this sc has been played out before in their relationship. GEORGE (CONT’D) Sleep tight. I love you. She resigns herself to him leaving, and stares at the bac of the door as he closes it behind him. EXT. GEORGE’S HOUSE SANTA MONICA. NIGHT -- LATER. (1962 71. An exterior shot of the full moon through the trees. George's house is illuminated in the background.
26) 0) text: George is sitting at his desk writing a note. George seals the note and then picks up the gun and holds for a moment as he places the gun gently to his head.
26) 6) dialog: Yes it is. Would you like a cigarette?
26) 8) dialog: Well, it is Saturday night but no it’s usually not quite this bad. Most people just stop in here to pick someone up and then head on down the beach for the rest of the evening.
26) 10) dialog: Since the war ended. I think it’s pretty great actually. Kind of pagan. Jim puts his hand out.
26) 12) dialog: George. Pleased to meet you Jim.
26) 14) dialog: I just needed to get out of the house. I was just going to take a walk but the lure of a cold beer got to me. George puts out his cigarette.
26) 16) dialog: Yes. In the canyon.
26) 18) dialog: Since 38. Where are you from?
26) 23) dialog: That would be great. Just then a beautiful BLONDE GIRL with Veronica Lake hair and a cherry red mouth, pushes between the two of them. A she does she looks up at Jim.
27) 5) dialog: Patrick, could I have a bottle of scotch and a pack of Lucky Strikes to go please? As he says this he notices a young man who walks into the bar. A slow steady smile crosses George's face - it’s Kenny. George looks to the bartender.
27) 6) dialog: Patrick. Cancel that. He holds up two fingers and points to his regular booth. Patrick nods. George walks over to the booth. Kenny slips onto the bench across from George. Kenny is slightly out of breath.
27) 7) dialog: Well, hello Mr. Potter.
27) 9) dialog: Scotch.
27) 12) dialog: I come here all the time. I live around the corner, but then you know that.
27) 14) dialog: One must always appreciate life's little gifts. Kenny and George smile at each other.
27) 15) dialog: So what are you doing here?
27) 17) dialog: Is that all?
27) 19) dialog: Were you looking for me?
27) 21) dialog: Stuff like what?
27) 23) dialog: That is definitely not important.
27) 25) dialog: And the present?
27) 27) text: George bursts into laughter.
27) 29) dialog: Tonight - yes! The present - no! Let's drink to tonight! They clink glasses.
27) 31) dialog: So if the past doesn’t matter and the present is a “total drag”. what about the future?
27) 33) dialog: Death is the future.
27) 35) dialog: It’s not depressing, it’s true. I mean, it’s not necessarily your immediate future, but it’s what we all share. Death is the future.
27) 37) dialog: If one is not enjoying one’s present there isn’t a great deal to suggest that the future should be any better.
27) 39) dialog: You do? 79.
27) 41) dialog: I’m exactly what I seem to be, if you look closely. You know the only thing that has made the whole thing worthwhile has been those few times that I was able to truly connect with another person
27) 43) dialog: You did?
27) 45) dialog: That's a load of shit. I think I’ve actually just gotten sillier and sillier.
27) 47) dialog: Absolutely.
27) 49) dialog: No, I wouldn’t say that. As our friend Mr. Huxley says: “Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.” Kenny looks at George and then blurts out...
27) 51) dialog: 
27) 53) dialog: What?
27) 55) dialog: Well, I wasn’t. Were you?
27) 58) text: They break into a run as Kenny sprints across the highway without looking either way. George struggles to keep up.
28) 0) text: George gasps for air as Kenny pulls him to the surface an drags him toward the beach.
28) 2) dialog: I’m fine.
29) 0) text: Kenny gets George to their clothes and starts toweling himself off.
29) 2) dialog: Of course. Where else? George begins dressing.
29) 4) dialog: Are you out of your mind?
29) 6) dialog: You can’t walk home like that! George catches up with Kenny.
29) 7) text: We’re invisible, don’t you know that? 83. George stops dead in his tracks with this line from Kenny George is very cold, but Kenny seems in his element. He p his arm around George's shoulders.
29) 9) dialog: Oh, I excel at it. Kenny looks at George who has a small cut over his left e
30) 0) text: They enter the house. Kenny is full of energy and George sobered up a little from the walk back.
30) 1) dialog: The bathroom is down the hall if you would like to take a shower
30) 3) dialog: I’m fine. I’m English. We like to be cold and wet.
31) 0) text: Kenny and George walk into the bedroom Kenny looks at the sleeping bag.
31) 2) dialog: Really, I’m fine.
33) 0) text: Kenny returns to the bedroom where George is lying flat o the bed with his feet on the ground.
33) 2) dialog: I think that we need to get you out of those wet clothes.
33) 4) dialog: You're not too cold?
33) 6) dialog: Would you like a drink? 86.
33) 8) dialog: I’m afraid that’s all we have. Two beers, coming up. Kenny is examining an architectural model next to the drafting table as George arrives and hands him his beer.
33) 10) dialog: I do now. I used to share this place with a friend. He was an architect.
33) 12) dialog: And that’s your idea of the perfect life?
33) 14) dialog: If you're so keen on living by yourself, where does Lois fit into this plan?
33) 16) dialog: I had the impression that you and she were together. 87.
33) 18) dialog: And do you?
33) 20) dialog: Why only once?
33) 23) dialog: I don’t know. My watch seems to have stopped. George bangs his watch on the table.
33) 24) dialog: What does it matter anyway.
33) 26) dialog: No, are you kidding? Get us both another beer. Kenny jumps up and heads to the kitchen, then looks back. 88.
33) 28) dialog: You're damn right it is! George tries to get up, but he struggles, quite drunk now and falls back into his chair.
33) 29) dialog: (to himself) Pathetic. Kenny arrives with two bottles of beer.
33) 31) dialog: Why are you here? Why did you ask the secretary in the office for my address?
33) 33) dialog: why?
33) 35) dialog: Me? What’s to be worried about? I’m fine. George's vision begins to blur as Kenny moves toward us. image fades to a dusky brown.
33) 36) dialog: I’m fine... 89.
33) 38) text: We are underwater in George’s recurring dream. From the of our screen drifts the nude body of George, arms outstretched, sinking slowly. He moves his legs in a slig struggle as he drops further and further underwater. Geor begins to toss and turn violently in the water searching air. This time he suddenly rights himself and begins push toward the surface of the water. He climbs higher and hig and hits the surface with a loud gasp for air.
34) 0) text: George wakes up in bed with a deep gasp for air. He looks around the room for a moment. He is still dresse in his robe. The light is on. He looks to the chair- Kenny’s clothes are still there. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT -- CONTINUOUS George walks into the study. In the faint light we see Ke asleep on the sofa underneath the blanket. George stands over Kenny a minute looking at him. The lig is catching on Kenny’s thick lashes. Kenny is breathing gently. He looks angelic, and very, very, young. Kenny's hands are holding onto something under the blanke George carefully pulls the blanket back to reveal Kenny loosely gripping George's gun. George reaches down and gently lifts the gun out of Kenny hand and pulls the blanket up over Kenny's chest. As George stares down at Kenny asleep, a warm smile creep across his face. George crosses the room and stares at the desk top. It ha been disturbed. His perfect grid of papers is out of orde He opens the desk drawer and puts the gun carefully insid 90. He lifts the key out of the drawer, locks the desk and sl the key into the pocket of his robe. INT. GEORGE’S BEDROOM NIGHT 1962--CONTINUOUS. George walks towards the glass door that opens to his bac yard. It is a beautiful night. We can hear the sound of t surf in the distance and the sounds of the crickets and frogs. An enormous owl almost 2 feet tall is sitting perfectly still in a branch of the large pine tree directly outside the glass door at eye level with George but George does n see this. As he opens the door the owl suddenly spreads i wings and takes flight. As this happens our sound stops abruptly and we are left total silence. George freezes, gazing at the full amber colored moon, an drinking in the feeling of the fresh air. It is clear from his face that he is a different man. He free. The cloud has lifted. George bats his eyes and as he does our sound snaps back. GEORGE V.O. A few times in my life I’ve had moments of absolute clarity. George walks back into the study and stands over Kenny an smiles.
34) 1) dialog: When for a few brief seconds the silence drowns out the noise and I can feel rather than think... George goes to the desk, gathers the note to Charley and of the other letters.
34) 2) dialog: And things seem so sharp and the world seems so fresh. 91. He turns out the lamp and quietly closes the double doors the study leaving Kenny asleep on the sofa.
35) 0) text: George slips down the hall to the living room which is st illuminated by the embers of the dying fire. He throws th letters into the fireplace and watches them flare up. He puts his hands in the pockets of his robe and lets out deep sigh. GEORGE V.O. I can never make these moments last. I cling to them, but like everything they fade. The golden light from the fire rakes across George’s fa he beams. INT. GEORGE’S BEDROOM NIGHT 1962 -- MOMENTS LATER. George sits on the edge of his bed. He is ecstatic. GEORGE V.O. I have lived my live on these moments.
35) 5) dialog: and I realize that everything is exactly the way it was meant to be. 92. George, still smiling, reaches towards his bedside table pour himself a glass of water from the carafe. As he does this his arm goes numb - he can’t use his hand. He trie again and then grabs onto his wrist with his other hand. We see a look of disbelief in George’s face as there is suddenly a sharp pain in his chest. His face is contorted with panic. He tries to cry out but can only muster a slight moan. George attempts to stand but falls to the floor. As he do he hits the night stand violently with his body. The clock hits the floor breaking its face. George lies silently on the floor. He begins to lose consciousness. There is no sound except for the sound of the clock which ticks loudly for a few beats and then abruptly stops.