5) 4) text: MRS. STRUNK, 32, appears in the doorway. She is the arche of the young attractive suburban wife and mother. She is usually calm and poised but today she is clearly exasperated and yells from the front door at her daughter put the scale back in the trash can. Jennifer ignores her mother and continues pounding away w increasing violence. Meanwhile, Jennifer's oldest brother TOM, 9, is combing o their lawn with a metal detector, as a younger brother CHRISTOPHER, 5, digs ferociously at the lawn with a small garden shovel. The metal detector suddenly shrieks, havin located something. Jennifer drops her cat, runs to her brothers and joins in the digging. The lawn is littered with newly excavated holes and the flower beds also seem to be in a freshly unearthed state if a dog has been digging in them. Simply put, the normal perfect front yard is an absolute disaster area. The three children start screaming loudly to their mother Mrs. Strunk rushes over to the hole to see. As the metal detector shrieks again, the children scream and even Mrs. Strunk squeals with delight and gets down on her knees to dig.
20) 13) dialog: Mommy says bushy eyebrows are pedestrian, but I think yours are pretty.
20) 15) dialog: Why do you look so sad? Would you like to meet Charlton Heston?
20) 17) dialog: Ben Hur. Our scorpion. Every night we throw in something new to him and watch him kill it. Daddy says it’s like the colosseum so my brother Tom glued on all the columns. He wants to be a set designer. He hasn’t eaten the spider yet cause he’s still full from the moth we gave him last night. Daddy said he’d like to throw you in the colosseum.
20) 19) dialog: He says you're light in your loafers but you aren’t even wearing loafers. I think my brother Tom is (MORE)
20) 21) dialog: light in his loafers too but he wears Keds. Last week he made me do a conditioning treatment on my hair with eggs. Does it look shiny? Mrs. Strunk appears suddenly. She looks lovely with her light brown hair swept up in a french twist.