3) 0) text: George walks down the hallway. As he approaches the livin room he glances out the window and sees JIM. GEORGE V.O. But then again my heart has been broken. JIM, 34, handsome and well built in a classical American is waxing a surfboard on a pair of saw horses. Two more surfboards lie on the bright green lawn behind him. A bla and white, smooth fox terrier, like the dead dog in the c lies in the sun on his side next to Jim. Another smaller, but identical dog is biting at the collar of the first do Jim is disciplining the smaller dog.
4) 1) text: INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - DINING AREA. MORNING -- MINUTES L George is seated at the table having his morning coffee a the phone rings. George looks at his watch. 7:40. He look back at the ringing phone and decides not to answer it. FLASHBACK - INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. DAY (194 George and Jim are standing in the completely new and absolutely empty house for the first time. It is stunning The starkness of it then is a total contrast to the house today. This is the house before it had a life.
4) 3) dialog: Are you kidding? It’s spectacular George is quietly staring at Jim with a faint smile on hi face. Jim smiles when he realizes this, then slips up clo to George and moves toward him for a kiss.
4) 6) dialog: Drapes, old man. Jim moves in for a kiss only to be held back by George.
4) 7) dialog: You're the one who’s always saying that we’re invisible.
19) 12) dialog: So explain your friend Charlotte to me
19) 14) dialog: You seem very... I don’t know... intimate I guess. Like you were once together. You haven't ever slept with her have you?
19) 16) dialog: I’m confused. If you sleep with women then why are you with me?
19) 18) dialog: I haven't.
19) 20) dialog: No. I’m not. It was just never anything that interested me
19) 22) dialog: You think I’m sure of myself? 40.
22) 4) dialog: I’m not changing it. It’s your turn. You won’t like what I put on anyway.
22) 6) dialog: You're only old when it’s convenient for you to be old. What are you reading? George flashes the cover of Kafka's Metamorphosis at him.
22) 7) dialog: Oh no. Not that depressing crap again. 52.
22) 10) dialog: Don't be so smug. The dog on the floor sits up.
22) 11) dialog: (to the dog) And just what do you want?
22) 13) dialog: Of course he does. What a life he has. Don’t you envy him?
22) 15) dialog: Nice. I envy him because he just does what he wants. Like yesterday I was standing in the front yard, and Susan came over to talk for a minute and that little brat of hers, Christopher came running over with that damned gun of his. Well our little dog walked right up, looked straight ahead, hiked his leg and peed all over Christopher's new tennis shoes. And all over Christopher actually. He and his (MORE)
22) 17) dialog: mother both started shrieking and I had to act like I was upset, when it was all I could do to keep from laughing. It was so perfectly executed after all the times those kids have tortured that poor dog. I wish you had seen it. They both laugh and look at the dog who knows that he is being spoken about.
22) 18) dialog: You should take a lesson from him. He doesn’t stay up all night worrying. He’s figured out how to get the two of us to do exactly what he wants. They are both basically very sophisticated little parasites when you think about it.
22) 20) dialog: You're an ass. What I mean is, he really just lives in the moment. Like now. What could be better than this? Tucked up here with you. If I died right now it would be OK.
22) 22) dialog: Good answer. Jim starts to get up.
22) 23) dialog: I was going to take them with me to Denver next week if it’s OK with (MORE )
22) 25) dialog: you. My mom loves them. It’s probably that recognition of a similar mind. Jim kisses George on the forehead.
22) 26) dialog: Oh, you stay there old man. You owe me five bucks.
25) 99) text: I’1l never do that! It’s far too much effort. Besides, I don’t think Jim would want me to leave you here in LA all alone.
26) 5) dialog: It’s too hot in there.
26) 9) dialog: Yeah. It’s pretty wild out there. I’m surprised the cops don’t break it up. Is it always like that?
26) 11) dialog: Jim. The two men shake hands.
26) 13) dialog: I’m supposed to meet some friends here but they're nowhere to be found.
26) 15) dialog: Do you live close by? 73.
26) 17) dialog: How long have you lived here?
26) 19) dialog: Colorado. But I really like it here. I think I might stay after I’m discharged. It’s great. I love being so close to the ocean. I don’t know, perhaps I’m just a bit of a pagan. Just then it begins to rain lightly. The two men look at each other and then scramble for the door to the bar as t rain starts coming down hard and fast.
26) 22) dialog: Another beer?
26) 25) dialog: Hello. 74.
26) 27) dialog: I'm afraid I’m taken.