12) 0) text: George is heading briskly towards the administration building when he hears Kenny's voice.
12) 1) dialog: Sir! May I speak to you for a minute? I have to go down to the bookstore. George pauses allowing Kenny to catch up to him and then two men begin walking. KENNY (CONT’D) Why don’t you talk to us like that all the time?
12) 3) dialog: Man, fear of things gets to me all the time, but you can’t talk about it with anyone or you just sound like a fool.
12) 5) dialog: I don’t think she’s afraid of anything.
12) 7) dialog: What are you afraid of sir?
12) 9) dialog: How can you live in Los Angeles and be afraid of cars?
12) 11) dialog: Sometimes my fear of things can almost paralyze me. It’s like I get really panic stricken and I feel like I might explode or something... May I ask you a personal question sir?
12) 13) dialog: Do you ever get high? George stops walking.
12) 15) dialog: Have you ever taken any drugs sir? 30.
12) 17) dialog: Like what?
12) 19) dialog: It’s the only way I get by sometimes. Have you ever tried mescaline?
12) 21) dialog: Sir?
12) 23) dialog: You didn’t take it again after that? George stops.
12) 25) dialog: If you ever want to get high sir, I usually have some dope.
12) 27) dialog: Sorry, sir. I guess you don’t feel very comfortable talking like this.
12) 29) dialog: Lois thinks you’re kind of cagey. Like this morning, when you were listening to all that crap we were talking about Huxley...
12) 31) dialog: I was watching you. George is surprised and intrigued. KENNY (CONT’D) You let us ramble on and on and then you straighten us out - but you never really tell us everything you know about something
13) 0) text: Kenny seems to be thinking over what George has said as t two men enter the bookstore. Kenny picks up a red pencil sharpener from a display on the counter and a note book.
13) 1) dialog: What was it you wanted to get sir?
13) 3) dialog: You mean you walked all the way down here just to talk to me?
13) 5) dialog: Well, I think you deserve something for that. Here sir, take your pick It’s on me. Kenny waves his hand across the multicolored display of pencil sharpeners.
13) 7) dialog: I thought you'd probably pick blue. Kenny pays the cashier.
13) 9) dialog: Isn't blue supposed to be spiritual? 33.
13) 11) dialog: What’s red stand for?
13) 13) dialog: No kidding? Kenny looks George straight in the eye. KENNY (CONT’D) See you around, sir. Kenny smiles and walks away leaving George staring after him.
18) 3) dialog: Are you going somewhere sir?
18) 5) dialog: No, I mean are you going on vacation or something?
18) 7) dialog: I saw you cleaning out your office. George's face goes pale.
18) 9) dialog: I was just hoping that perhaps we could get together for a drink or something sometime.
18) 11) dialog: I don’t know sir. Because I think you might like it. I mean, because you seem as though you could use a friend.
18) 13) dialog: (sincerely) Yes sir, you do. George looks Kenny in the eyes. He is touched by Kenny’ concern.
27) 8) dialog: Hello, sir. The bartender places their drinks in front of them. KENNY (CONT’D) What are we drinking? 76.
27) 10) dialog: 
27) 13) dialog: On Camphor Tree Lane. They smile at each other. George reaches into his pants pocket, pulls out his penci sharpener, and places it on the table with a smile. KENNY (CONT’D) You're still carrying that around.
27) 16) dialog: Just out for a ride on my bike.
27) 18) dialog: I don’t know.
27) 22) dialog: Like, the stuff you were talking about today in class.
27) 24) dialog: No, it is important. Your class is great. But somehow we always seem to get stuck talking about the past. The past just doesn’t matter to me
27) 26) dialog: I can’t wait for the present to be over. It’s a total drag. Well tonight's the exception
27) 28) dialog: What?
27) 30) dialog: Tonight! They both take a sip. 78.
27) 32) dialog: What future? I mean Cuba might just blow us up.
27) 34) dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be depressing.
27) 36) dialog: You're right I guess.
27) 38) dialog: Yeah, I’ve thought that before. But the thing is, you just never know. Look at tonight. George looks intently at Kenny. KENNY (CONT’D) Actually I feel really alone most of the time.
27) 40) dialog: Yeah. I’ve always felt this way. I mean we're born alone, we die alone. And while we're here we are absolutely, completely sealed in our own bodies. Really weird. Kinda freaks me out to think about it. We can only experience the outside world through our own slanted perception of it. Who knows what you're really like. I just see what I think you're like.
27) 42) dialog: I had a hunch about you, sir.
27) 44) dialog: Yes, sir. I had a hunch you might be a real romantic. George smiles. KENNY (CONT’D) You know, everyone keeps telling you that when you're older, that you'll have all this experience - like it’s some great thing
27) 46) dialog: Really? 80.
27) 48) dialog: So all your experience is useless?
27) 50) dialog: Let’s go swimming.
27) 54) dialog: It was a test. I thought you were bluffing about being silly, so I said to myself, I'll suggest doing something completely outrageous and if he resists, if he even hesitates - then I know he’s full of shit.
27) 56) dialog: Hell no! They both jump up. George throws a few bills on the table and follows Kenny out of the bar.
27) 58) text: They break into a run as Kenny sprints across the highway without looking either way. George struggles to keep up.
27) 60) dialog: Come on sir. I'll help you down George drops to the sand.
27) 61) dialog: Let's go. Kenny turns and runs, whooping and pulling off his clothe George follows. As he watches Kenny undress he hesitates momentarily and then begins to unbutton his shirt.
28) 0) text: George gasps for air as Kenny pulls him to the surface an drags him toward the beach.
28) 1) dialog: That’s enough for now sir
28) 3) dialog: Well I’m not. I’m cold. Come on.
29) 0) text: Kenny gets George to their clothes and starts toweling himself off.
29) 1) dialog: can we go back to your place sir?
29) 3) dialog: Where else. Kenny smiles and grabs the rest of his clothes, heading b toward the highway still naked.
29) 5) dialog: What’s the matter?
29) 7) text: We’re invisible, don’t you know that? 83. George stops dead in his tracks with this line from Kenny George is very cold, but Kenny seems in his element. He p his arm around George's shoulders.
29) 8) dialog: You know sir, they ought not to let you out on your own. You're liable to get into real trouble.
29) 10) dialog: Your forehead is bleeding. George reaches up and touches his brow. He looks at his h and sees the blood on his fingers.
30) 0) text: They enter the house. Kenny is full of energy and George sobered up a little from the walk back.
30) 2) dialog: Aren’t you taking a shower too, sir?
30) 4) dialog: First, I think that we need to take care of that cut sir. Do you have any band-aids? 84.
31) 0) text: Kenny and George walk into the bedroom Kenny looks at the sleeping bag.
31) 1) dialog: Going camping sir?
31) 3) dialog: Stay there. I'll be right back George sits down on the sleeping bag.
32) 0) text: Kenny walks into the bathroom. He opens the drawer next to the sink and pulls out a cotton ball and a bottle of alcohol. He finds a tin of band-aids. As he lifts it up something catches his eye. It is the nude photograph of dim, taken in the desert. Kenny stares at the picture a moment, looks towards the bedroom, and then quickly puts it back in the drawer.
33) 0) text: Kenny returns to the bedroom where George is lying flat o the bed with his feet on the ground.
33) 1) dialog: sit up. George obeys much to his surprise, as Kenny seems suddenl in control. KENNY (CONT’D) Tilt your head back Kenny gently cleans George's forehead with a cotton ball soaked in alcohol. George winces slightly but his eyes ar locked on his new friend. Kenny puts a band-aid across th 85. cut over George’s brow and gently brushes his wet hair with his fingers. KENNY (CONT’D) Well sir, I’m afraid this time you don’t have the excuse of mescaline to explain your bandage.
33) 3) dialog: Yes sir. Kenny stands up and moves to the corner next to a chair. kicks off his shoes and undresses very slowly. He careful lays his clothes on the chair. Standing nude, Kenny turns towards George. He looks shy and nervous. George, who sti sits on the edge of the bed, does not take his eyes off o Kenny. Kenny smiles sweetly at George, but George does not react Suddenly embarrassed, Kenny turns and walks into the bathroom. He doesn’t close the door after him but is ou of George’s sight. The shower is turned on. George is not sure what to do. Looking towards the bathro he contemplates going in but instead rushes to his closet and grabs his robe. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM. NIGHT -- MINUTES LAT George lights a fire. He turns on the Hi-Fi and adjusts the lights. Kenny comes into the room, wrapped in a grey blanket.
33) 5) dialog: I'm great.
33) 7) dialog: I'd love a beer sir, if you have one.
33) 9) dialog: You live here all by yourself, sir?
33) 11) dialog: Man, guys my age dream about the kind of setup you’ve got here. I mean, what more can you want? You get to be left alone and come and go as you please.
33) 13) dialog: What’s the matter, sir? You don’t believe me?
33) 15) dialog: Lois? What’s she got to do with anything?
33) 17) dialog: Not really. I mean she’s kind of cool and we're good friends, but I think what you really want to ask me is if we sleep together
33) 19) dialog: We did. Once.
33) 21) dialog: I didn’t say only once, I said once. Come on, the last thing I want to talk about right now is Lois.
33) 22) dialog: What time is it? George looks at his watch. The second hand is not moving the case is clouded over.
33) 25) dialog: Would you like me to go?
33) 27) dialog: Is that an order sir?
33) 30) dialog: Were you saying something sir? George gives Kenny a concentrated stare.
33) 32) dialog: I just wanted to see you someplace other than school.
33) 34) dialog: Sometimes I think I’m crazy because I see things so differently than everyone else does. I feel like I can talk to you. To be honest sir I was also worried about you today.
34) 0) text: George wakes up in bed with a deep gasp for air. He looks around the room for a moment. He is still dresse in his robe. The light is on. He looks to the chair- Kenny’s clothes are still there. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - STUDY. NIGHT -- CONTINUOUS George walks into the study. In the faint light we see Ke asleep on the sofa underneath the blanket. George stands over Kenny a minute looking at him. The lig is catching on Kenny’s thick lashes. Kenny is breathing gently. He looks angelic, and very, very, young. Kenny's hands are holding onto something under the blanke George carefully pulls the blanket back to reveal Kenny loosely gripping George's gun. George reaches down and gently lifts the gun out of Kenny hand and pulls the blanket up over Kenny's chest. As George stares down at Kenny asleep, a warm smile creep across his face. George crosses the room and stares at the desk top. It ha been disturbed. His perfect grid of papers is out of orde He opens the desk drawer and puts the gun carefully insid 90. He lifts the key out of the drawer, locks the desk and sl the key into the pocket of his robe. INT. GEORGE’S BEDROOM NIGHT 1962--CONTINUOUS. George walks towards the glass door that opens to his bac yard. It is a beautiful night. We can hear the sound of t surf in the distance and the sounds of the crickets and frogs. An enormous owl almost 2 feet tall is sitting perfectly still in a branch of the large pine tree directly outside the glass door at eye level with George but George does n see this. As he opens the door the owl suddenly spreads i wings and takes flight. As this happens our sound stops abruptly and we are left total silence. George freezes, gazing at the full amber colored moon, an drinking in the feeling of the fresh air. It is clear from his face that he is a different man. He free. The cloud has lifted. George bats his eyes and as he does our sound snaps back. GEORGE V.O. A few times in my life I’ve had moments of absolute clarity. George walks back into the study and stands over Kenny an smiles.