8) 5) text: Pause. "Billy" doesn't answer.
21) 0) text: This is not a slum bar, but it's close. There are a few t and chairs and a pool table in the back. The atmosphere i quiet, almost depressed, and the handful of REGULARS here are exercising their privacy without having to be alone. They include: HANK, the bartender, also the owner, who  absently polishes things with his cloth; TRACY, an unempl woman in her mid-forties who sits at the bar with a drink and a cigarette and silently rummages through her current feelings -- none of them new or particularly hopeful; a  COUPLE, probably retired, sitting at the same table they  come to every afternoon at this time -- him for his beer, her for a glass of sweet white wine; and BILL, at the poo table, a young man lithe and powerful, minding his own  business and playing his game of pool with a steady,  aggressive concentration.
21) 3) dialog: (over his shoulder) Doin' all right.
21) 4) text: The old man smiles stupidly around the room. He racked 'e up a little in his day, too. His smile fades as he looks his wife. He takes a sip of beer and lapses into memories Then the door opens to the outside and the yellow-orange  light of late afternoon floods into the bar. The regulars turn to glimpse who's coming in. They see the figure of a MAN silhouetted in the doorway. He stands there for a lon moment, not coming in. Finally even Bill interrupts his g to turn and look.
23) 3) dialog: (sotto voce) What, him?
23) 8) dialog: What's the matter? You don't like me  playing with myself?
23) 9) text: Tracy grimaces as Hank comes back with Bill's beer. Bill  picks up the bottle, nods his thanks to Hank and heads ba to the pool table.
23) 33) text: Even Bill now looks up from the pool table. His expressio darkens.
23) 36) dialog: I think the lady wants to be left  alone.
23) 37) text: Duncan looks up. Bill enters the frame and stands in fron of Tracy, confronting Duncan.
23) 40) dialog: I think an apology is in order.
23) 41) text: Duncan doesn't know how to handle this. He looks at Bill, half shrugs, half smiles.
23) 42) dialog: That the best you can do?
23) 44) dialog: I think you'd better just move along,  pal.
23) 47) dialog: No! I want him out of here!
23) 49) dialog: (to Duncan) Go on, beat it.
23) 50) text: They glare at each other. The longer Duncan sits there wi moving, without saying anything, the angrier Bill gets.
23) 53) dialog: I'm not going to say it again, mister.
23) 54) text: Duncan reaches for his drink, but Bill reacts quicker. Wi a swipe of his hand, he knocks the glass off the bar, and shatters on the floor behind the bar. Duncan sits there, stunned, not looking up. After a long  moment, Duncan coughs. Then he turns and looks at Bill. H purses his lips. It looks like a nervous facial movement. Then suddenly, Duncan spits at Bill, hitting him square i the face. Before anyone can register what's happened, Bill lunges a Duncan, knocking him clean off the barstool and onto the  floor. The fight is fast, vicious and one-sided from the very st Pinned to the floor on his back, Duncan flails his arms  ineffectually like a panicked insect as Bill holds him in place with a left-handed grip on the collar while his pow right arm, pumping up and down like a piston, pounds into Duncan's face time and time again. Duncan's screams diminish into pathetic, sickening groans and the others in the bar are compelled to avert their ey from this brutal spectacle. Hank has picked up a phone from beneath the bar and is di a number. He turns away from the fight to talk. Then, as suddenly as Bill first sprang at Duncan, he leap to his feet and turns to the bar. He reaches over and gra the phone from Hank, slamming it down into the cradle.
23) 55) dialog: Who're you calling?
23) 56) text: Bill takes the cloth from the bar and vigorously wipes hi face off. He snaps his fingers and points to a row of bot on a shelf behind the bar. Hank quickly hands him a bottl Bill pours himself a shot and downs it, fast. He is still charged with adrenaline and he takes two more shots in ra succession, spilling the alcohol on the bar and on himsel As Bill picks up the cloth to wipe himself off again, Tra stands up and quickly walks out of the bar, slamming the  door behind her.
23) 57) dialog: (calling after her) You're welcome, baby!
23) 58) text: Then he throws down the cloth, picks up the bottle, turns and, standing over Duncan's inert form, empties half the  bottle onto him. He sets the bottle back on the bar. He g Duncan and, half dragging, hurries him out the back door throws him into the alley where Duncan falls in a heap. Bill storms back up to the bar and pours himself another  drink.
23) 59) dialog: (to Hank) Okay?
23) 62) text: Bill doesn't answer and the couple quietly leave.
23) 64) dialog: You see any damages?
23) 65) text: Hank lowers his gaze to the floor. Bill finishes his drin He is still very hopped up. He pulls a few dollars from h wallet and drops them on the counter.
23) 66) dialog: See ya 'round.