14) 5) text: Clifford sighs and steps into the front hall. The door is closed by the uniformed COP with whom Clifford has been  speaking. The cop is a man in his thirties. His name is  CHARLES GARBER. Garber and Clifford stand in the front ha and talk as POLICEMEN and AMBULANCE ATTENDANTS move aroun them. In the living room beyond can be seen several other POLICEMEN, Dr. Mandrakis and his wife.
17) 16) text: The master of the house leans way forward over his desk, his face comes out of the shadows and into the light. It Dr. Mandrakis. He seems much older. His complexion is pallid. His eyes s out from beneath his brow like a wounded animal hiding in dark cave.
19) 0) text: We see now the MAN who's been talking -- the director of State Hospital, DR. MONK. He is sitting comfortably behin his desk; his jacket off, his tie loosened, his feet up o the desk. He is very matter-of-fact.
19) 1) dialog: Eventually, anyone will respond to  the treatment here.
19) 4) dialog: Yeah, we zapped him a few times.  It's fairly standard.
19) 8) text: DR. MONK'S SECRETARY enters the office and hands him a fo Without interrupting the delivery of his lines, Monk take the folder, opens it, initials something on the inside, c the folder and hands it back to the secretary who turns a leaves the office without uttering a word.
19) 9) dialog: There'll be some deterioration. That's  inevitable, but we can't say how  much.
19) 12) dialog: (shrugging again) It's all in the folder.
19) 14) dialog: That, too, is in the folder.
19) 18) dialog: Mr. Clifford, this is a hospital,  not a penitentiary. Everything that  pertains to one of our patients is  meticulously recorded in that  patient's folder... whether you can  make sense of it or not.
19) 20) dialog: Curt Duncan is a classic paranoid- schizophrenic. They see themselves  as victims, and they always blame  other people for the way they are.  When Duncan killed the Mandrakis  kids, it wasn't an act of hostility  against the children but against  their parents. He was getting back  at his own parents for traumas he  suffered in early childhood. The  criminal side of Curt Duncan is one  of terrible, symbolic vengeance.
19) 23) dialog: I think you'll find him. Somebody  will find him. He can't function out  there. He'll make a mistake. (turning to face  Clifford) This is where he belongs. After six  years in here, he's suddenly gone  out to confront the world again. I  think he's in for a bit of a shock.
22) 1) dialog: Ordinary street clothes. Not all of  our patients have to wear the green  Gucci gowns.
22) 3) dialog: Probably. But not more than, say,  fifty dollars. Some of the patients  are given little jobs around the  ward, for which they are paid. It's  part of the rehabilitation.
22) 7) dialog: (pronouncing it  correctly) Guy du Marraux syndrom.
22) 9) dialog: It's a psycho-motor dysfunction.
22) 11) dialog: Only from time to time, which is  unusual.
22) 13) dialog: It attacks the nervous system. People  suffering from it are irresistibly  compelled to utter obscenities,  sometimes one, sometimes a whole  string of them. They can't control  it.
22) 15) dialog: Yeah. Here, I'll give you an example.
22) 17) dialog: Duncan never had the twitch that  sometimes goes with it. And with  Duncan, as I said, the disease would  only manifest itself in periods of  extreme anxiety. When he was really  flipping out, in other words.
22) 20) dialog: Yeah. (beat) So am I.
22) 22) dialog: Is that right? So we all share the  same guilt.
22) 24) dialog: Here. This is Curt Duncan shortly  after he was admitted here in 1972.
22) 26) dialog: -- to put the situation right. The  hypodermic needles are only used to  give you medication that will calm  you down. They make you feel good,  relaxed. All right? (no answer) We're not putting anything in your  food either. The food is just food.
22) 28) dialog: (to Clifford) That's Duncan.
22) 30) dialog: Curt, why are you fidgeting? Can't  you get comfortable?
22) 32) dialog: Wait a -- Hey! (to someone else) Hold him down there. Grab him! Never  mind the chair!
22) 34) dialog: (periodically  interjecting) Pull him down... That's right...  Just lay him out... Lay him right  out... Steady... Pull out his knees...
67) 0) text: This is the children's bedroom in Dr. Mandrakis' house of six years ago. It is dark. Two small beds occupy one corn of the room. We can see two small lumps on the beds, but more. Duncan sits in the foreground with a telephone on his lap He is dialing a number. The phone rings three times befor it is answered -- or rather, picked up, because there is voice on the other end. After several seconds the phone i hung up. Duncan hangs up and thinks for a moment. He picks up the  phone and dials again. This time he gets a busy signal. H hangs up, stands and goes to the door. He opens it slowly peers out. Jill's voice can be heard faintly talking to t operator, asking for the police. Duncan closes the door and comes back into the room, mumb He goes to the window, looks out. Then he goes to the  children's beds.