16) 0) text: The doorbell rings. A HOUSEBOY comes into the front hall, goes to the door and opens it for the visitor. It is John Clifford, the detective from six years ago. He has aged noticeably over the years. His hair is grayer his stance not so aggressive, but his eyes still smoulder with the accumulated frustration of having spent years in uncertain, sometimes unsatisfying, and frequently unsafe  occupation. No words are exchanged as the houseboy leads Clifford acr the entrance hall and up an imposing flight of stairs. St keen in his observation of things, Clifford quickly takes this new atmosphere. The house is richly decorated but with an underlying them of melancholy. There are no bright or cheerful furnishing and the houseboy advances with guarded tread, his face st and reverent. The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the stairc and raps lightly on it with his knuckles. Without waiting for an answer, he opens the door and steps aside for Clif to enter. Clifford pauses briefly, then walks into what appears to an upstairs study.
17) 26) text: Clifford turns to go. INT. MANSION - STAIRCASE &amp; ENTRANCE HALL As Clifford finds his own way down the stairs and out the front door. A WOMAN watches Clifford leave from the back of the stair It is Mrs. Mandrakis. As with her husband, the change in is remarkable. She is now a brooding, barren woman. O.S. the front door closes. Clifford is gone. Mrs. Mandra walks around the front of the stairs and begins slowly  ascending them. The houseboy silently steps into the entrance hall from a side door and watches her.
88) 0) text: Clifford's car is parked in the driveway, and we see him  getting out. He goes to the front door -- the porch light on and perhaps one other lamp somewhere inside the otherw dark house. He rings the bell, waits, rings again... Finally the door is opened by the Houseboy.
88) 1) dialog: Dr. and Mrs. Mandrakis are out of  town.
88) 3) dialog: Three more weeks.
88) 6) dialog: Yes.
88) 7) text: Clifford takes a business card from his pocket and gives to the Houseboy.
88) 9) text: The Houseboy reads the card as Clifford walks back to his car. Then the Houseboy closes the front door. Clifford pauses beside his car for a moment, looking back the rich, dark home.