14) 0) text: Jill reaches the front door. Carefully, quietly, she turn the bolt. Then O.S. she hears a creak. She turns and look up the staircase. At the top, a door is opening. Someone coming out! A mumbling sound is heard on the sound track. Jill whirls around back to the door and yanks at it. It o but only an inch. The chain is still across it! She  frantically works to get the chain free. After agonizing  seconds, the chain falls clear and the door swings open. Standing there on the other side of the door, is a police Detective, JOHN CLIFFORD. (We have cut ahead in time some twenty or thirty minutes.) Behind him on the street, seve patrol cars and an ambulance are pulled up at the curb, t domelights silently flashing.
16) 0) text: The doorbell rings. A HOUSEBOY comes into the front hall, goes to the door and opens it for the visitor. It is John Clifford, the detective from six years ago. He has aged noticeably over the years. His hair is grayer his stance not so aggressive, but his eyes still smoulder with the accumulated frustration of having spent years in uncertain, sometimes unsatisfying, and frequently unsafe  occupation. No words are exchanged as the houseboy leads Clifford acr the entrance hall and up an imposing flight of stairs. St keen in his observation of things, Clifford quickly takes this new atmosphere. The house is richly decorated but with an underlying them of melancholy. There are no bright or cheerful furnishing and the houseboy advances with guarded tread, his face st and reverent. The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the stairc and raps lightly on it with his knuckles. Without waiting for an answer, he opens the door and steps aside for Clif to enter. Clifford pauses briefly, then walks into what appears to an upstairs study.
87) 1) text: The mother turns around. It is Jill Johnson!
87) 3) text: CAMERA MOVES IN on her as she comes forward, bends down,  kisses Stevie, and picks up June. Jill looks older, more  mature, but still very pretty. She is Mrs. John Lockhart  now, and has left her memories of the past behind her.
87) 8) dialog: (surprised) Hey, how's my little tiger?
87) 9) text: It is JOHN LOCKHART on the phone.
87) 11) dialog: Well, we'll look for it real hard  later. Let me talk to mommy.
87) 16) dialog: Hi, babe -- whaddya say you put on a  sexy dress, and I take you out to  dinner tonight?
87) 19) dialog: (teasing) Just a little surprise.
87) 21) dialog: I'm leaving here now; be home in  half an hour.
87) 23) dialog: Bye, babe.
90) 0) text: As Jill comes down the stairs. CAROL, the sitter, is at t foot of the stairs with John. Carol has an armful of  schoolbooks.
90) 4) dialog: I thought it was nice.
90) 6) dialog: Are the kids asleep?
90) 10) dialog: Honey, in ten seconds I eat the  staircase.
90) 14) dialog: (not taking the coat) I'm not wearing that thing!
90) 18) dialog: (pulling her out the  door) Bye, Carol.
91) 0) text: John and Jill walk to the station wagon in the driveway a Carol shuts the front door in the background. Just before Jill gets into the car, she takes a look back at the hous there is a moment's hesitance, and then she gets in the c
93) 0) text: An Italian Restaurant. Quiet music, soft lights, red and  white checkered tablecloths, candles, a smokey and seduct atmosphere. DOLLY with a LATIN WAITER carrying a huge tray of food ov head. He passes right by the table where Jill and John ar sitting. John watches him take the food to someone else.
93) 1) dialog: (reaching for a  breadstick) I've eaten enough breadsticks to  turn into a pretzel.
93) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah. Brace yourself.
93) 5) dialog: Good. I got the sack today.
93) 7) dialog: The can... I was fired!
93) 9) dialog: You don't believe me?
93) 11) dialog: Well, Wally did call me into his  office today. And he did tell me I  didn't have my old job anymore.
93) 13) dialog: Are you ready for this?
93) 15) dialog: Regional!
93) 17) dialog: Nah, District.
93) 24) text: They ignore him. He moves away. John digs right in.
93) 25) dialog: (mouth full) I'll be the youngest District Manager  in the company's history. God, am I  hungry!
93) 27) dialog: It sure does.
93) 28) text: John flags down a passing WAITER and signals that their w glasses need filling.
93) 30) dialog: A lot.
93) 32) text: John leans forward and whispers in her ear.
93) 34) dialog: And a car.
93) 36) text: John pauses, looks at her.
93) 37) dialog: What's the matter? You don't like  your food?
93) 38) text: The MAITRE D' has come up to the table. John stops sudden They are both very chagrined.
93) 42) text: John starts to get up. Jill grabs his arm.
93) 49) dialog: Around him, other DINERS fall instantly silent and wonder what is going on. WAITERS stop dead in their tracks. John leaps up from his seat and dashes through the tables like a madman. Suddenly the restaurant comes alive with  excitement and alarm.
93) 51) dialog: Jill, what's happening? What's wrong?
93) 53) text: Other PEOPLE have crowded around and are making urgent no now about calling the police, an ambulance, etc. John tri to cut through the confusion and anxiety.
93) 54) dialog: Wait a minute! Just hold on!  Sweetheart, what was him? What are  you talking about?
93) 56) dialog: He was on the phone?
93) 57) text: Jill nods. John grabs the telephone and quickly dials a number. The  crowd tries to quiet down, as much to hear for themselves to let John talk. The phone rings and rings. Finally...
93) 59) dialog: Hello, Carol, it's Mr. Lockhart.  What's going on over there?
93) 61) dialog: Is everything all right?
93) 63) dialog: Are you sure?
93) 66) dialog: Carol, listen to me very carefully.  If there's a man in the house, if  there's any reason why you can't  talk to me right now, just answer  yes to me over the phone. That's  all. If there's any danger of any  kind, just say yes.
93) 69) text: Jill is confused. John breathes a guarded sigh of relief. Jill takes the phone.
93) 72) text: Jill gives her husband a look. John takes the phone again
93) 73) dialog: Carol, I'm sorry about all the  hysterics. We're leaving the  restaurant now. We'll explain  everything when we get home. Before  we hang up, could you do just one  more thing for me, please?
93) 75) dialog: Would you go upstairs and, and check  on the children for me?
93) 76) text: Jill is violently shaking her head. John silences her wit gesture.
93) 78) text: Carol O.S. puts the phone down. Then there is silence on other end. The crowd of people around Jill and John begin shuffle and murmur. John tries to keep them quiet while  listening into the phone. Then TWO POLICEMEN come forward through the crowd. One of them kneels down to John and Jill who are still on the fl
93) 80) dialog: (whispering) Officer, I'm John Lockhart. Just a  second please, and I'll explain  everything.
93) 83) dialog: The babysitter. The guy got into the  house and killed the two children  upstairs.
93) 86) dialog: That's right. That's the one.
93) 88) text: As the two policemen and John mumble between themselves,  Jill takes the telephone.
93) 92) text: John quiets down the policeman. Jill can now hear what sh couldn't a second ago.
94) 0) text: John and Jill pull up in the station wagon followed by a  squad car -- no sirens or lights. They all get out and ru for the front door. John pulls out his key to open the door... and discovers  that it's unlocked. Cautiously, they step inside.
95) 1) dialog: Carol? Carol?
95) 3) dialog: Jill!
98) 1) dialog: Nothing was wrong?
99) 0) text: Jill is sitting on a corner of the bed, looking at the fl John sits on the other corner, facing away from her, slow unbuttoning his shirt. After a long silence...
99) 2) dialog: If I ever get my hands on the guy  that made that call...
99) 4) dialog: He disguised it though, didn't he?  Same as before?
99) 8) text: John turns and moves over beside her.
99) 9) dialog: Look, we promised never to talk about  this.
99) 11) dialog: What are we supposed to do? Leave  town? Take the kids and lock ourselves  up somewhere? Come on... Let's get a  good night's sleep, and in the morning  we can rethink this whole thing.
99) 13) dialog: Try to relax, honey. I'm here. We're  both here. The house is locked up.  The cops'll be just outside all night  long. We're safe now.
99) 15) text: John stands up and goes to his dresser.
99) 16) dialog: Okay. Look. If it'll make you feel  any better...
99) 18) dialog: I'll keep it right here beside me  all night. You know I'm a light  sleeper and a damn good shot. Are  you satisfied?
99) 21) dialog: Hey, you're not putting me through  anything that you don't have to go  through yourself. I'm with you all  the way. Trust me. Okay?
99) 22) text: Jill nods. John leans forward and kisses her.
99) 23) dialog: That's my girl.
99) 25) dialog: Now try to relax. We'll get some  sleep. You'll be surprised how  differently things will look in the  morning.
99) 27) dialog: What?
99) 29) text: John comes back into the bedroom with a glass of water an couple of pills in his hand.
99) 30) dialog: (smiling) Naw. Those kids'd sleep through an  earthquake. They're good kids. (handing her the pills  and water) Here, take a couple of these. They're  just what the doctor ordered.
99) 32) dialog: You know, I read somewhere about  this psychological thing called  hysterical delusion or hysterical  recall or something. It had to do  with how an event from your past can  sneak up on you sometimes and fool  you when it's only just a memory. I  don't know. We'll talk about it in  the morning. Maybe there's someone  we can see about that...
103) 0) text: Jill is tossing in her sleep. John is fast asleep next to her, on his side facing away from her. Then, Jill wakes u She is heavily sedated, groggy. She hardly knows where sh is at first. She pulls herself up to a sitting position on the side of the bed. She tries to gather her wits. Then she gets up a walks slowly out of the room.
109) 0) text: Jill enters. John is still asleep facing the wall. Jill g into bed, sitting up. She is wide awake now. She sits for moment in the darkness, thinking. Then she reaches for the princess phone on the bedside ta She doesn't get a dial tone. She quietly pushes the phone disconnect button up and down several times. Still no dia tone. Jill hangs up and thinks for another moment, apprehension creeping over her face. Then, in the darkness of the bedroom, she begins to hear muttering of a man's voice, low and deep. It is Duncan in the throes of Guy du Marraux. Jill freezes. As the voice gets steadily louder and more  menacing, her attention focuses on the door to the bedroo closet which is a couple of inches ajar.
109) 4) text: The body beside her stirs, rolls over, looks at her hideo It is Duncan!! Jill shrieks, and makes a move to leap out of the bed. Duncan, the hideous and terrifying sound of his madness  grumbling out of his throat, manages to grab the back of nightgown. As Jill struggles to get off the bed, the gown rips sligh while she fights to get away. Duncan rolls to her side of the bed and manages to grab J ankle while letting go of the gown. It causes Jill to los her balance and tumble onto the floor just short of the  doorway leading out of the room. Duncan is on her in a flash, clutching at her and moving hands for her throat. Jill screams again. It is the despe sound of a woman facing certain death. Suddenly, two quick shots ring out, overwhelming all othe sound. Duncan falls back with a groan and a thud. Out of the darkness of the hallway steps Clifford, pistol hand. He crosses to Duncan. He is dead. Then Clifford wal around the room to the far side of the bed and looks down On the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lies John. Clifford nudges the body with his foot. John s as if he has been knocked unconscious, but it will be som time yet before he comes to. Clifford starts to walk out of the room, stepping over  Duncan's body, edging past Jill who is propped up in the  doorway, sobbing hysterically.