21) 0) text: This is not a slum bar, but it's close. There are a few t and chairs and a pool table in the back. The atmosphere i quiet, almost depressed, and the handful of REGULARS here are exercising their privacy without having to be alone. They include: HANK, the bartender, also the owner, who  absently polishes things with his cloth; TRACY, an unempl woman in her mid-forties who sits at the bar with a drink and a cigarette and silently rummages through her current feelings -- none of them new or particularly hopeful; a  COUPLE, probably retired, sitting at the same table they  come to every afternoon at this time -- him for his beer, her for a glass of sweet white wine; and BILL, at the poo table, a young man lithe and powerful, minding his own  business and playing his game of pool with a steady,  aggressive concentration.
23) 2) dialog: (sotto voce) A little action for your game?
23) 7) dialog: I wouldn't bet against you.
23) 9) text: Tracy grimaces as Hank comes back with Bill's beer. Bill  picks up the bottle, nods his thanks to Hank and heads ba to the pool table.
23) 13) text: Duncan is standing beside her holding a lit match. He sho it forward at her. It goes out. Duncan fumbles for another match as Tracy regards him wit undisguised repulsion. Duncan gets the second match lit a holds it out for her. She accepts the favor and lights he cigarette. Duncan smiles. Tracy nods and turns away. Duncan is still holding the burning match for her to blow out. As it does look like she's going to, he lets it drop, still lit, to floor.
23) 19) dialog: (looking at him) My own business. (beat) Thanks for the light. Okay?
23) 20) text: The Englishman sits down beside her, but doesn't look at  her. Tracy looks away too, determined to ignore him, not to le him get into her space. Duncan coughs. After a long moment, he turns back to her.
23) 22) text: Tracy keeps her eyes straight ahead, acknowledging nothin Pause. Duncan takes some money from his pocket and lays it on th bar, staring at her. Tracy turns to him:
23) 23) dialog: (annoyed) Listen, mister, I've got my own money.  So, if you don't mind...
23) 28) text: Tracy abruptly picks up her purse and moves down the bar  away from him one seat, then another seat.
23) 32) dialog: Get offa me!!
23) 37) text: Duncan looks up. Bill enters the frame and stands in fron of Tracy, confronting Duncan.
23) 48) text: The bartender steps back, deciding to mind his own busine Tracy gets up from her seat and cautiously moves even fur down the bar.
27) 0) text: It is late. The block is virtually deserted. Across the s is the exterior of a bar -- the same bar Duncan was in  earlier. Some PEOPLE are coming out of the bar. It must b near closing time. The people turn left and walk away dow the sidewalk. Their voices diminish. Pause. A car passes. Then the door to the bar opens again and a  woman comes out onto the sidewalk. It is Tracy. She turns the right and starts to walk away.
28) 0) text: A series of shots of Tracy walking home. The CAMERA remai consistently behind her or off to one side, sometimes DOL with her behind a row of parked cars, sometimes picking u her passing reflection in a darkened store window. The impression this gives is unmistakable. Curt Duncan is following her. We do not see him, we do not hear him, yet know he is there. Often we can sense that the very angle  from which we see Tracy is his POV. But Tracy is aware of nothing. We know this when the CAME begins to move in front of her, once more becoming an  impersonal observer of her walk homeward, to safety. Tension mounts as we start to expect that Duncan will jum out at her from every alley and recessed doorway she pass But he doesn't. Finally, Tracy walks up to the CAMERA at the end of a blo and turns a corner; but the CAMERA HOLDS on the dark stre she has just come up. We hear a cough which confirms that Duncan is lurking somewhere in the shadows.
29) 0) text: Tracy walks up the steps and enters the apartment.
30) 0) text: Tracy steps into the elevator. The doors close. CAMERA HO on the elevator and watches the lights above it travel fr one to six. O.S. we hear the door to the apartment building open and  close.
31) 0) text: Tracy steps out of the elevator and walks down the hall t her door. She fumbles through her purse for keys, then be over the lock to let herself in. Behind her down the hall, Duncan appears. He watches her, starts to move silently forward. Tracy gets the door open then turns and sees him. Duncan stops.
31) 1) dialog: Oh, it's you! (beat) What do you want?
31) 3) dialog: Look, I'm the one who should be sorry.  I didn't want that to happen. (she sees his face;  shudders) Oh, God! Look at you. Are you all  right.
31) 4) text: Duncan half shrugs, half smiles. Tracy edges into her doo way. Duncan stands opposite her.
31) 6) dialog: (uncomfortable) Where're you from?
31) 8) dialog: Sure. Sure I've been there.
31) 11) text: Inside Tracy's apartment, the telephone rings. Tracy turn vaguely, indecisively, and goes to answer it.
31) 12) dialog: (over her shoulder) Excuse me.
31) 14) dialog: Hello?...
32) 1) dialog: (nervous) ...No, I just got in... I don't know  if I can... Listen, I can't talk  now. Can I call you back?... Okay...  Goodbye.
32) 5) dialog: Look, you can't come in here.
32) 8) dialog: I don't think so.
32) 10) dialog: Not tonight. You'd better go.
32) 12) dialog: (anxious) You can't --
32) 14) dialog: Maybe tomorrow.
32) 16) dialog: I said maybe. I don't know. (beat) Listen, I'm sorry about this  afternoon. I really am. All right?  That was my boyfriend on the phone.  He's coming over. So please leave.  Now.
32) 19) dialog: (her voice rising) Look, do you want me to call the  cops?
32) 23) text: He steps into the hall. Tracy closes the front door and b it. She turns, leans against it and sighs. Outside the door, Duncan's footsteps move down the hall,  pause, then come back to the door. A moment passes. Then  there is a faint knocking on the door. Tracy doesn't move The knocking comes again, a little louder this time. Trac stands and waits, scarcely breathing. After another long  moment, the footsteps finally move away.
40) 0) text: A knock at the front door. After a moment, Tracy comes in the front hallway and, crossing to the door, stubs her to on the open closet door. She swears under her breath and  angrily slams the closet door shut. Then, grabbing her in toe, she hops to the front door.
40) 1) dialog: Who is it?
40) 3) dialog: A what?
40) 6) dialog: What do you want with me?
40) 8) dialog: I've got nothing to say about anything  or anybody.
40) 11) dialog: Have you got a badge?
40) 13) text: Tracy unbolts the door and opens it. Clifford walks right and closes the door behind him.
40) 15) text: Tracy nods.
40) 17) text: Tracy leads him into the living room. They sit. Clifford  gives her a picture.
40) 19) dialog: Why?
40) 22) text: The picture falls out of Tracy's hands. She is stunned to the point of nausea.
40) 24) dialog: (barely able to say  it) He's been here.
41) 0) text: Duncan is standing on the sidewalk huddled close to a wal He is looking up at Tracy's apartment building across the street.
41) 3) dialog: I don't know. He said he had no place  else to go.
42) 2) dialog: Reacting to this possibility.
43) 0) text: Duncan turns up an alley across the street from Tracy's  apartment building and disappears. Sound over: knocking on a door.
50) 0) text: The place is empty but for Hank who half watches the  television over the bar, and Tracy who sits alone in a co Several moments pass as both of them sit and wait. Then, the front door starts to swing open. Someone is com in. Tracy and Hank both glance nervously toward the door. A MAN'S head peeks in. He is somewhere in his forties, a  regular customer.
50) 3) text: The customer walks up to the bar, sits down and talks qui with Hank. Tracy looks nervously at her wristwatch. She stubs out he cigarette, takes one last gulp of her drink and stands up go. She walks to the bar, opens her purse and reaches inside.
51) 0) text: Tracy looks up and down the street, hoping to see Cliffor somewhere, afraid of glimpsing Duncan instead. Then she s walking quickly homeward.
52) 0) text: Following Tracy to her apartment. We pick up Clifford now and we cut back and forth between the two of them -- her  walking quickly, never looking back, and him sneaking alo several hundred feet behind her, looking everywhere for  Duncan, whom we never see.
54) 0) text: Tracy steps off the elevator and goes to her door. She fu through her purse for the key. Then she hears footsteps o the stairs. She turns. It's Clifford.
54) 2) text: Tracy shakes her head.
54) 4) dialog: (softly) Oh, God...
54) 7) text: Tracy stands there for several seconds to regain control herself. Then she steps away and turns back to the door.
54) 8) dialog: I'm okay.
54) 10) text: Tracy gets the door unlocked. She pushes it open.
55) 0) text: Tracy steps in. Clifford stays in the doorway. They are s whispering.
55) 2) dialog: I'm fine.
55) 4) dialog: Okay.
55) 6) dialog: Sure.
55) 7) text: Tracy closes the door and throws the bolt. Then she walks into the apartment and out of frame. CAMERA STAYS in the  hallway. We can hear Tracy moving about O.S. Then, as if on its own, the door to the hall closet slowl swings open... ...until we can see Duncan standing inside the closet.
56) 0) text: Tracy is putting some coffee on. Then she removes her coa and walks out of the kitchen.
57) 0) text: Tracy goes up to the closet with her coat. The door is cl She opens it. She hangs up her coat and closes the door a Then she turns and starts walking out of the hallway to t living room. As she is rounding the corner into the living room, she w right into Duncan. She barely has time to gasp before he  clamps his hand over her mouth and pushes her against the wall.
57) 4) text: He takes his hand away from her mouth, lets go of her, an slowly, cautiously steps back. Tracy looks at him for a  breathless moment, her eyes wild with fear. Then she scre Duncan jumps back, stunned, frightened and confused. Trac doesn't move. She just keeps screaming hysterically.
58) 0) text: Tracy's screams carry out into the night as Clifford race across the street and into the apartment building.
60) 0) text: The screaming has stopped when Clifford reaches Tracy's d He grabs the doorknob and heaves himself against the door It's bolted shut. Clifford pulls one of the needles from his jacket and ham it into the lock. The bolt springs and Clifford runs into the apartment.
61) 0) text: As Clifford bursts in. Tracy gestures toward the window.  Clifford runs to it and sticks his head out.
82) 0) text: A. All is still and quiet as soft, warm sunlight pours in the dirty streets and alleyways. In the background, the b tower of the church rises above the skyline. B. We see a SHOT of the park -- all the bums are asleep. C. Then a SHOT of the mission -- its front door open, the sidewalk empty. D. Then the bar, where the same peaceful mood prevails. E. Then the alleyway where we last saw Curt Duncan. Now h is gone. F. Then the exterior of Tracy's apartment building. Cliff car is parked out front.
82) 1) dialog: I used to see my two kids every  weekend. They lived in a nice house  with their father, outside the city.
83) 0) text: Tracy and Clifford are sitting at a small table in the  kitchen, looking haggard, drinking coffee.
83) 1) dialog: Now... it's been years. They're grown  up.
83) 3) dialog: I look at where I am now. I know I  could've done better, but... it's  too late for that.
83) 6) dialog: Well, you've got to keep looking, I  suppose.
83) 9) text: Tracy looks up at him questioningly, wishing she could fe as sure about it as he does.
83) 11) text: Tracy takes his hand. They shake warmly.
83) 13) dialog: I wish you wouldn't leave me  altogether...
83) 15) dialog: (with a laugh) I'm not a young woman anymore. I've  given up all my dreams of the future.  Now, I just want to make it to the  end. You know what I mean.
83) 18) dialog: Sure.
83) 21) dialog: Yes.
83) 23) dialog: Chocolate chip.
83) 26) text: They smile at each other for a second then Clifford leave and Tracy sits alone in her kitchen, listening to him go, hearing the door close behind him.