32) 2) dialog: You know drinking from aluminum gives you Alzheimer's. Henry tries to hide the thrill of being spoken to by a strange girl. There’s something dark and unusual about he
32) 4) dialog: Uh huh. It’s the perfect crime cause you never remember how you got it. Henry doesn’t know how to respond.
32) 5) dialog: Is there anything to do in this town?
41) 53) dialog: What do you want to do?
41) 55) dialog: I think you know... Come on... Just say it... We see flashes of women from the covers of magazines and billboards. Women staring with desire in their eyes. Back to Eleanor.
41) 56) dialog: What’s the matter? She laughs. Just as Henry is completely overwhelmed, we...
45) 0) text: Henry uses the card catalogue. Henry follows the Dewey Decimals til he reaches a thin vo on Prince Edward Island. He also grabs a couple general Canada books. 62. Henry sits down at a research desk. There’s only one othe person in the room. Eleanor. She sits on a leather chair, chewing on a braid, reading a book. So, Eleanor looks Um. I'm No,
45) 3) dialog: that was good. Confidence is a very attractive quality in a man. This throws Henry off further. He attempts small talk. oh,
45) 5) dialog: I just moved here from Chicago. I’m supposed to try out living with my dad oh, this year.
45) 7) dialog: official reason is I have an eating disorder and they’re hoping a new school environment will help, but really I think my mom just wanted to get rid of me so she can fool around with her boyfriend.
45) 9) dialog: she didn’t even consult you, she?
45) 11) dialog: And now he wants you out.
45) 13) dialog: He will. So they can have sex.
45) 15) dialog: So the clock is ticking. Eleanor gives the motion of a ticking clock before return to her book.
45) 17) dialog: I'm investigating my legal rights. You see I got into the this really great private school where they mainly focus on drama, no one cares about sports or what kind of clothes you wear. The teachers stay off your case. It’s really elevated. But at the last minute, my parents said they didn’t have the money.
45) 19) dialog: Oh, they have the money. They’re just using me as a pawn in their sick little game. I wrote a letter to the school. Asked if I could exchange services for tuition. Janitorial. Whatever. I haven't received a response. Henry moves over to her with his books.
45) 20) dialog: How about you?
45) 22) dialog: How do you feel about that? Moving? Leaving your friends. I’m asking because that’s what I had to do, and frankly, I consider it child abuse.
45) 24) dialog: Do you even know if they’re taking you?
45) 26) dialog: When people have sex with each other it affects their brains. They can’t see things normally. It’s like a drug.
45) 28) dialog: Look it up. It’s clinically proven. You can’t blame her. It’s like he cast a spell on her or something. With his penis. Henry tries not to react to her saying this word.
45) 30) dialog: So, he’s a sex addict. You don’t have an Oedipus complex where you want to marry your mom, do you?
45) 32) dialog: (measuring him) Right. (back to business) Well, you’re probably going to need an intervention. Maybe even need to deprogram her. 137 138 65.
45) 34) dialog: Yeah. (a thought) This guy... Does he have charisma?
45) 36) dialog: Too bad your mom and my dad couldn’t get together before this boyfriend person showed up. Of course, then if you and I got married, it would be kind of like incest.
45) 38) dialog: I see only one hope for you. You need to find a way to get him out of your life.
45) 40) dialog: Either you get rid of him. Or he’ll probably get rid of you. This lands heavily on Henry. EXT. SIDE YARD, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 137 Henry walks along the side with the books from the librar He’s looking for Adele, but doesn’t see her. EXT. CORNER, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 138 Henry begins to hear his mom and Frank speaking in the backyard. He stops to listen. Frank and Adele share a sweet moment.
50) 0) text: Eleanor removes her sweater and embraces Henry. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 154 We begin to hear Frank through the wall...
51) 0) text: Eleanor whispering something into Henry’s ear. We catch t look of fear in his eyes that accompanies arousal. Flashes of more MAGAZINE COVER MODELS. One winks at Henry
60) 0) text: Henry sees Eleanor in a booth stacking CAPSULES OF CREAM. hasn’t noticed him yet. Henry sits down in the booth. Eleanor starts going throug the mini jukebox pages. She notices Henry’s hair.
60) 1) dialog: Nice haircut.
60) 3) dialog: (back to the jukebox) What kind of music do you listen to? 79.
61) 2) dialog: I never like the usual. Have you heard of Sid Vicious? (upon no answer) He was a punk rocker who stabbed his girlfriend and then overdosed himself because he couldn’t stand being without her.
61) 4) dialog: I also love Jim Morrison. Someday, I’m going to go to Paris and see his grave.
61) 6) dialog: No, but the French adored him so much, that they wouldn’t release his body. It’s for the better. They have better cemeteries there. Say what you want about the French people - They know how to celebrate their dead. The WAITRESS arrives with a coffee for Eleanor. She gives to her with skepticism.
61) 9) dialog: I told my dad I was meeting a boy and he gave me this whole lecture like we were going to do it ina coffee shop or something.
61) 11) dialog: (relates) That’s so annoying. My dad can’t say vagina. He literally can’t say it. (imitating her father) I trust your mother is covering all questions relating to your parts.
61) 13) dialog: Like an arm?
61) 15) dialog: Oh Henry, did you bruise your penis? We should probably put ice on it. The waitress stops at their table.
62) 0) text: Eleanor and Henry walk. They pass a WANTED SIGN for Frank Henry tries to make no notice of it. 174 81.
62) 1) dialog: Any luck getting that sex fiend out of your house?
62) 3) dialog: It’s easy you know. Just tell your mom he touched you.
62) 5) dialog: When?
62) 7) dialog: On the first day of school? Henry doesn’t answer. There is no good answer. Eleanor is waiting, when she notices the WANTED SIGN for Frank.
62) 8) dialog: It’s him isn’t it. (half whisper) You're on the run... Henry stops short. INT. DINING ROOM, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 174 Frank goes to lift a box, but grimaces and puts it back d He holds his side, frustrated more than anything. Adele notices and comes over.
64) 0) text: Eleanor leads Henry through an abandoned guard gate. *
65) 0) text: Eleanor leads Henry through the rusted remains of a build He pauses to observe his surroundings. *
65) 1) dialog: Come on. * 83A.
66) 0) text: Henry and Eleanor walk barefoot through the silt, carryin their shoes. The giant boarded up mill in the background.
66) 1) dialog: How did you get out?
66) 3) dialog: Or maybe he was just waiting for you to leave the house. So they could run off together.
66) 5) dialog: It’s just like Bonnie and Clyde.
66) 7) dialog: They made a movie about them. Bonnie was this woman who was bored because she hadn't had sex in a long time. This guy Clyde just showed up one day and took her away. They drove all around, holding up banks and living out of their car. Odd thing was, Clyde couldn’t even have sex, but he had so much charisma, it didn’t even matter.
66) 9) dialog: In the end they got killed. Henry's face falls as Eleanor goes on to describe the gruesome scene from Bonnie and Clyde.
66) 10) dialog: The federal agents tracked them and gunned them down in an ambush. The part where Bonnie gets killed, there’s so much blood my mother couldn’t even watch.
67) 4) dialog: They had these machine guns and her body just keeps jumping all around the seat of the car as the bullets keep hitting her all over the place. Perhaps we see Adele’s hand hanging over the back of the
68) 0) text: Eleanor and Henry walk along the abandoned bridge. He’s l in the evocative imagery.
68) 1) dialog: Can you imagine if your mom got killed in an ambush? And you were right there watching it. They probably wouldn’t shoot at you since you’re a kid, but you’d see the whole thing. It would be pretty traumatic. It replays through Henry’s mind. Eleanor stands up.
68) 2) dialog: I have this really weird feeling. There’s this thing I keep wanting to do only you’d think I was strange.
68) 4) dialog: I bet you never did that before. Now you'll always remember, I was the first girl you ever kissed. (manipulative) It’s a shame you’re leaving just as we started dating. I’1l have to find another boy to make out with.
85) 14) dialog: You can tell a lot about someone from how they treat animals.
85) 16) dialog: He just wants to get in good with her. You guys are his ticket. 94.
85) 18) dialog: You know you do have the power to change things. You could really stick it to both of them. Henry’s face rejects the idea.
85) 20) dialog: For a while she'd be sad. Eventually she'd thank you. You could get rich, you know.
85) 22) dialog: One thing I love about you, Henry, is how kind you are.
85) 24) dialog: You're actually tons more sensitive than most girls I know. She kisses him, pushing her body into his.
85) 25) dialog: (smiles) Look what happened. I made you get an erection. Henry’s heart is pounding out of his chest.
85) 27) dialog: (a snake) We could have sex.
85) 29) dialog: If you’re worried about me getting pregnant, you don’t need to. I haven’t had my period in a few months. 95. Eleanor reaches down. By the look on Henry’s face, we kno that she has him in her hand.
85) 30) dialog: You know what will happen if you don’t report him. They’1l take you away and we won’t ever get to see each other anymore. I might stop eating again. They’1l send me back to the clinic. (toying) Don’t you want to know what it feels like?
85) 32) dialog: What happened?
85) 34) dialog: You were a second ago.
85) 38) dialog: I thought you were different. I didn’t realize you were just a pathetic impotent little boy. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 204 Henry pulls out a few tattered lingerie catalogues from a hiding place. He’s thumbing through, looking into the eye the models... they stare back with judgement. He tosses t catalogue into the pile of things that are being abandone He sits down at his desk. Pulls out a piece of lined pape and a pen. He writes: Dear Dad...