8) 0) text: Henry walks past the ADULT MAGAZINES, just slow enough to catch a glimpse of arms covering cleavage, moaning eyes. He slows down again at the women’s magazines. COVER OF CO What Women Wish Men Knew That They Don't. Henry reaches for one when he is bumped by a middle aged woman. Henry flinches and moves on to the COMICS RACK. He spins the turnstile of superheroes. We’re following hi gaze down past caped crusaders when we find a pair of MEN SHOES. They’re worn in and muddy. Upon closer glance, one stained with FRESH BLOOD, trailing from the man’s ankle. Henry looks up following the legs and torso until he is staring up at FRANK. He is the illustration in a biology book, for a page they’d label Man.
8) 1) dialog: Wonder if you could give me a hand here. Frank is wearing a RED PRICEMART VEST. Henry notices bloo over Frank's right ear. Trickling down from his hair line
8) 3) dialog: (like nothing) I fell out a window.
8) 6) dialog: I wouldn’t want to upset anyone. You came here with that woman over there, right? Frank nods at Adele, who is just leaving Boys’ Clothes De
8) 8) dialog: What I wanted to ask is, if you think she'd give me a ride. We see Henry’s gears turning. Frank takes an awkward step forward and places a firm grip on Henry’s shoulder.
8) 9) dialog: She looks like the type of person who would help me.
9) 0) text: Adele is analyzing LIGHT BULBS. Frank and Henry walk up.
9) 2) dialog: You have a good boy here, Adele. He was kind enough to offer me a ride. 22
9) 4) dialog: (to Henry) Shame. Thought we could have a catch.
9) 6) dialog: Maybe you used to. (fingering the stitches) Throw around the ball with your dad?
9) 9) dialog: (to Adele) (Frankly), this needs to happen. Adele looks deeply into Frank's eyes. She makes a decisio
10) 0) text: Adele's items are rung up. A bomb shelter’s worth of cann goods go by, beep, beep, beep, beep... Frank shows curios at the sheer amount. He then adds the baseball and mitt t the checkstand. Adele makes eye contact with the CHECKER. There’s a momen where she could say something. She considers asking for h She doesn’t.
11) 0) text: Frank opens the rear passenger door of Adele’s car and la the fleece across the back seat.
11) 1) dialog: Don’t want to stain your upholstery.
11) 3) dialog: (to Henry) Why don’t you ride in back with me.
11) 6) dialog: Your house. Adele suppresses a reaction.
11) 7) dialog: Just for a moment to rest my legs. She looks back and sees her son sitting next to this commanding and bloodied stranger. She turns the ignition. 24 INT. ADELE’S STATION WAGON - DAY 24 Driving back through the suburbs. Strangely calm and quie Just as they pull up to a stoplight, A POLICE CRUISER pul up on their left. Henry notices. His heart quickens. Fran keeps his eyes straight, trying to act calm. Adele looks at the cops. She thinks for a second, then puts on her si and turns right, pulling away from the cruiser. They catch a glimpse of each other in the mirror. A momen 25 26 10.
11) 8) dialog: Sounds like the rotors on your brakes might be a little thin. I’1l take a look when we get back. EXT. ADELE’S STREET - DAY 25 Adele's station wagon makes its way down the quiet cul-de and finally parks in the driveway. Frank takes a second t look around for pedestrians before getting out to help Ad and Henry with the groceries. As they’re emptying the car, Henry can’t help but look ba at his neglected home, seeing it through the eyes of a stranger for the first time in what’s obviously a while.
11) 19) dialog: Nice place. Adele positions herself near the KNIFE DRAWER.
11) 21) dialog: As is. Thank you, Adele. Frank notices all the window sheers have been drawn. Thin on this for a second. He moves to the kitchen window and looks out back - The backyard is an unkept mess of overgr grass leading to a thick woods. We hear the distant SOUND A TRAIN’S WHISTLE. He takes in the kitchen table - a foreign object. There’s silence. One that acknowledges that neither Adele or Fran know how they’ve made it this far.
11) 23) dialog: I’m going to be straight with you here, Henry. (looks to Adele making coffee) I’m not going to lie. (back to Henry) I hurt my leg - my leg, and my head - jumping out a second floor window at a hospital they’d taken me to get my appendix out.
12) 0) text: Frank lying in bed attached to an IV. A nurse sits at his bedside, preparing an IV. The guard outside the door is turned away. The look on the nurse’s face changes. She kn what is about to happen. In one move, Frank leaps out of the hospital bed, pulls t nurse aside, yanks the IV from his wrist. We whip around catch Frank grab the top of the window sill and hurtle ou feet first. INT. ADELE’S KITCHEN - DAY 30 Frank continues.
12) 1) dialog: +. At the prison. That’s how I got out. Adele examines Frank.
12) 3) dialog: This morning. Adele opens a drawer to grab a spoon. She slips a knife i her pocket as she uses the spoon to add sugar to the coff
12) 5) dialog: I would have gotten further except for the damn leg. 31 32 13.
13) 0) text: A wide enough shot to see a REAL DANGEROUS FALL. Frank lands on the ground. His foot hits an uneven piece lawn twisting his ankle painfully. SNAP... goes a ligamen INT. ADELE’S KITCHEN - DAY 32 Adele hands Frank his coffee. She seems to be taking in e moment. Every inch of Frank’s face. Every gesture.
13) 1) dialog: I'd be grateful if you let me stay til nightfall. I’d try to help out. Wouldn’t ask anything of you.
13) 3) dialog: Nothing more than a place to lay low and rest my leg for a few hours.
13) 5) dialog: I’ve never intentionally hurt anyone in my life. Adele considers this. We want to believe him. Henry obser his mother carefully.
13) 7) dialog: I do. How far are the train tracks from your backyard?
13) 9) dialog: Limping.
13) 12) dialog: I‘ll make a run for the train at nightfall. I can stay out of the way...
13) 14) dialog: I just escaped prison. Last place I want to go is back.
13) 16) dialog: (quicker) I don’t doubt it.
13) 18) dialog: He’s in good hands. Adele looks at FRANK'S HANDS. EXT. HIGH DRIVE, FRANK'S GRANDMOTHER’S FARM - LATE 60'S 3 FRANK'S HANDS at 18 years old. He’s LOADING HAY. His hand are strong, assured, practiced at what he’s doing.
17) 17) dialog: It didn’t happen that way. Adele and Henry are too nervous to push Frank on this poi
17) 21) dialog: You have a wise son here, Adele. Good to know he’s looking out for you.
17) 23) dialog: True enough. But it’s still not acceptable to place you and your family here in jeopardy. If someone were to come by, it would need to look like I kidnapped you. (a beat) That's why I’m going to tie you up. Henry looks to his mother. Adele’s breath quickens.
17) 24) dialog: (to Adele) It’s about keeping up appearances. I think you understand what I mean.
17) 26) dialog: Only you. Henry here knows he doesn’t want anything to happen to his mother. Right, Henry? Henry eyes Frank cautiously. INT. BASEMENT, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 51 Adele leads Frank downstairs. It’s cluttered. Some nurser items visible. She pulls out a box that contains a roll o braided cord. Frank checks the strength. We can tell Adel heart is beating faster. She reaches in her pocket for th knife from the kitchen. We can see through the fabric of dress that she has it in her grasp, when... 52 53 21.
17) 27) dialog: This’1l work. He grabs the rope. Adele releases the knife and pulls her hands from her pockets. INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - SAME 52 Meanwhile, Henry has been left alone in the house.
17) 29) dialog: (to Henry) I don’t want any of this to upset you, son. There are just some things a person has to do in these types of situations. (then) Why don’t you go grab one of your comic books. Henry takes a beat and looks to his mother. She gives a little nod and a reassuring smile. Henry reticently walks away as Frank picks up Adele’s calf, admiring her foot.
17) 30) dialog: Beauty. Frank takes Adele’s thin pale wrists, first her left, the her right, angling her elbows gently, as he draws them be the chair’s back and ties them together. It’s dead silent. Quiet enough to hear the rough chord pu into a tight little knot. Frank steps in front of Adele and their eyes meet. 54
17) 32) dialog: You got a pantry? INT. STAIRWELL, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 54 * Frank opens the basement door to find shelves of canned foods. He takes in the inventory. Looks back at Henry.
17) 33) dialog: How'd you like to try the best chili you've ever eaten?
18) 0) text: Young Frank being taught to make chili by his grandmother her hands over his hands. *
18) 2) dialog: Grab a bowl. 57 22A. INT. LIVING ROOM, ADELE’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 57 Henry takes his chili back into the living room and settl in front of the TV - RED SOX GAME. Takes a bite. It’s delicious.
20) 0) text: Frank's truck drives along. Mandy rides next to him.
21) 0) text: The truck is parked. Frank lays out a blanket in the bed. Mandy smiles and lies down. Frank climbs on top of her.
21) 4) dialog: What time do the trains start in the morning?
21) 6) dialog: Just have to keep an ear out for ‘em I guess. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 62 Henry lays awake, staring at the ceiling. Listening. His curiosity overcomes him. He tiptoes out his doorway. 63 64 65 66 25.
22) 0) text: Henry crawls up to his mother’s bedroom doorway to find h asleep - her wrist tied to the bedpost. He then crawls hi way to the stairs until he has an angle on the living roo He can see Frank’s boots resting on the arm of the sofa. Henry inches forward until he can sees Frank’s legs... Frank's torso... Frank’s neck... and then Frank’s face, hidden in the shadows. It takes a moment for our vision t adjust. We adjust the exposure until we can JUST see Fran open eyes... staring back at us. Henry’s breath quickens. Frank nods. Henry attempts to ca himself before tip toeing back to bed. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NEXT MORNING 64 Henry gets out of bed. Was last night a dream? He walks o to his HAMSTER CAGE and feeds his pet, JOE. Then steps ou
23) 0) text: Henry looks into his mother’s room. Adele is sleeping. On wrist in evidence, still restrained to the bed post. At the bottom of the stairs, he looks into the living roo Evidence of Frank having slept the night on the couch. INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - SAME 66 Henry looks around, but Frank is nowhere to be seen. The door is open. The sound of the cicadas whispers in. Henry wonders for a moment... Is that it? Is he gone? We can te he kind of misses him when... Frank emerges from the basement.
23) 1) dialog: Couldn’t find any eggs. Henry whips around as Frank steps over to the oven and op it. He’s made a makeshift splint out of a wooden spoon an dish rag. Frank strains as he removes a tray of biscuits the oven, his appendix scar staining his shirt.
23) 3) dialog: You've got enough room in back for chickens. Three or four nice little Rhode Island Reds. EXT. FRANK'S GRANDMOTHER’S FARM - 1970'S MORNING 67 Frank's and Mandy’s legs walking through pecking chickens they drop feed.
23) 4) dialog: Keep you in fresh eggs. Poultry. INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 68 Henry goes to cut open the biscuit with a knife... Frank quickly grabs the knife from his hand. For a moment, it s like a defensive move, but instead...
23) 5) dialog: (appalled) Never slice a biscuit. (tearing one open with his hands) You want to pull them apart, so you get all the surfaces. FLASH: FRANK’S GRANDMOTHER TEARING OPEN A BISCUIT FRANK & FRANK’S GRANDMOTHER ... Peaks and valleys... INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 69
23) 6) dialog: ... More places for the butter to soak in. There is something undeniably fatherly about this moment is foreign to Henry.
23) 8) dialog: Now that’s a crime. 26A.
24) 0) text: Frank notices Henry trying to eye the front of the NEWSPA It features the prison photo of Frank from TV. 27.
24) 1) dialog: I don’t blame you for wondering. Just know, there’s more to this story than you'll see in that paper there. Henry stops looking.
24) 2) dialog: You got brothers or sisters?
24) 5) dialog: How does a fellow let a woman like your mother get away?
24) 7) dialog: Huh. Good riddance. Henry works up the confidence to ask a question.
24) 9) dialog: I told the guard at the hospital if he left, I was going to jump out the window. He heard that and went to have a smoke. Nothing misleads people like the truth.
24) 13) dialog: I don’t think we’ll be needing that any longer. But if the day comes when you have to say I tied you up, you won’t be lying. (another thought) Haven't heard any trains go by.
24) 15) dialog: (offering a biscuit) Breakfast? She wants to resist the invitation.
25) 0) text: Frank rolls the car into the garage. Later, we find Frank under Adele’s car checking the breaks. Henry sits by, watching with curiosity.
25) 1) dialog: Hey, Hank. Grab me the 3/4 socket wrench. Henry looks into the tool box. He doesn’t know a socket wrench from a screwdriver.
25) 2) dialog: Hey, Hank?
25) 4) text: 73 74 75 76 29. After a beat Frank slides out. Henry sits there, a bit embarrassed. Frank understands immediately. He points to side of the wrench that’s closed.
25) 5) dialog: Socket wrench. Frank disappears under the car. Music comes up as we begin a quiet montage of Frank doing chores around the house. Henry is by his side for everyth
26) 0) text: Frank stands over Henry’s shoulder, placing the BASEBALL his small twelve year old hand. Adele watches from a window.
26) 1) dialog: Before you can throw a ball, you need to know how to hold a ball... How to feel the stitches. Frank turns the ball in Henry’s hand till his fingers lin with the red stitches. 77 30.
26) 2) dialog: You feel that? INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 77 Frank sits at the kitchen table, his twisted ankle up on another chair. Adele is hemming the ripped pant cuff, bei careful not to poke Frank with the needle.
26) 3) dialog: (to Adele) You bite your lip when you sew.
26) 5) dialog: (re: a scar on her knee) How'd you get this?
26) 7) dialog: Answer the door, Henry. Let‘em know your mother’s out. Frank pulls Henry in for a second.
26) 8) dialog: (quietly serious) I know I can trust you not to get nervous and say something you'd regret. Henry nods. The day’s activities suddenly erased.
26) 10) text: Henry walks over to the kitchen door as Frank and Adele c behind a corner where they can’t be seen. Perhaps Frank stands just out of sight, his hand holding the back of Henry’s shirt as a reminder of his presence. Henry opens the top half of the kitchen door, revealing h neighbor MR. JERVIS. A friendly man in his 50's carrying BUCKET OF PEACHES. It’s clear that he has a thing for Ade
26) 27) dialog: (pats him on the shoulder) You did good, Hank. Henry smiles proudly. Adele shows concern.
26) 32) dialog: What did I...?
26) 35) dialog: Now Adele, it was just a neighbor.
26) 37) dialog: Don’t forget what’s going on here.
26) 39) dialog: I can’t promise what’s going to show up at the door.
26) 41) dialog: Okay, then. A look between the two of them resolves the conversation. Frank grabs a peach, takes a bite.
26) 42) dialog: Good peach. Too bad they’re all so ripe. Never get through ‘em all.
26) 44) dialog: I have another idea.
26) 46) dialog: This recipe was taught to me by the wisest woman I ever knew. 81 FRANK’S GRANDMOTHER CHOPPING PEACHES WITH TEENAGE FRAN Adele and Henry's pile of chopped peaches builds.
26) 47) dialog: Not so even. We want variety. 82 INT. ADELE’S KITCHEN - DAY 82 Frank goes through Adele’s pantry, pulling ingredients. 35.
26) 49) dialog: Filling is easy. What I want to talk about is crust. We need to keep our ingredients cool. Hot day like this is challenge enough. We need to move fast. Phone rings when you're making a crust, you just let them call back. Frank scoops three cups of FLOUR into a bowl. Follows it a pinch of SALT.
26) 51) dialog: (holds his finger and thumb apart) Bout that much... (smiles) Pie crust is a forgiving thing. You can make all kinds of mistakes, but don’t forget the salt. Frank opens the fridge. Nothing in the butter tray.
26) 52) dialog: That’s right. No butter.
26) 54) dialog: What are you waiting for? Listen to your mother. Times a ticking. Henry runs out. 85 EXT. ADELE’S STREET - DAY 85 Henry runs to the Farnsworth house. We dolly with him, backyard to backyard, giving us a nice view of the neighborhood and its seclusion. 36. Mrs. Farnsworth answers the door.
26) 60) dialog: Hank, before you sits one of the great dilemmas of life: Sure butter has superior flavor, but nothing beats lard for flakiness. All your life you'll meet people who will try to convince you of one over the other. What do you think we do? Henry thinks hard.
26) 62) dialog: (smiles) Smart boy, Adele. Crisco and butter go into the bowl with the flour. Frank holds Adele’s hand, Adele holds Henry’s hand, and Henry h the fork as they cut the butter/lard into the flour.
26) 64) dialog: It’s all about instinct. Pay too much attention to recipes and you forget how to feel. It’s like reading a book on gardening when all you got to do is get dirt underneath your fingernails. It’s like dancing, right Adele? 37. Frank and Adele share a smile. Frank pulls a pitcher of water from the fridge and begins sparingly add it to the contents of the bowl.
26) 65) dialog: Most people drown their mix. Sure, they get a perfect looking ball of dough but nobody’s giving prizes for that. Might as well be eating cardboard.
26) 67) dialog: (quietly to Adele) Get your hands in there, but don’t over handle. There’s heat in your hands - Keep it loose - That's it... Should be right on the verge of crumbling at any moment. Henry mixes it with his hands before Frank grabs the doug and drops it on a piece of wax paper. * TEENAGE FRANK TAKES HIS GRANDMOTHER’S ROLLING PIN Adult Frank takes a nearby WINE BOTTLE and uses it as a rolling pin flattening out the dough. Close up on the texture. Cracks and holes like the desert
26) 68) dialog: Oh this is looking real good. Patch up those holes now. Frank and Henry grab extra pieces of dough and fill the holes. Frank uses his palm to flatten the extra pieces. H mirrors his every move.
26) 69) dialog: Heel of the hand.
26) 74) dialog: People buy all these fancy gadgets. Sometimes the best tool is right there attached to your own body. The pie plate is placed upside down on the dough. Then, u everyone’s hands, the plate is flipped over with the doug inside. Frank peels off the wax paper.
26) 75) dialog: Beauty. Frank shakes some Tapioca along the inside.
26) 76) dialog: Gram’s secret ingredient. Scatter little Tapioca like salt on an icy road. Cure for a soggy crust. (to Henry) Alright, fill’er up Hank. Henry starts filling the pie with peaches.
26) 78) dialog: (looks over to Henry) Just a little more sugar. Not too sweet. Frank sprinkles a little cinnamon over the chopped peache And after a good minute of commotion, everything now stop Frank is holding a WAX PAPER SHEET with the top layer of It needs to be flipped on top of the pie, but they've mad so flaky that it looks as though it could go everywhere.
26) 79) dialog: Moment of truth. Can’t hesitate.
26) 81) dialog: Can’t go too fast. Calls for a steady hand... and a steady heart. I think you can handle this Adele. Adele looks down at the pie. 88 89 39.
26) 85) dialog: Help me put a roof on this house. (quietly) You can do this. I know you can. Adele takes a breath, then quickly flips the crust on top the peaches. It’s perfect. Her face immediately warms.
26) 86) dialog: Perfect. All three pinch the ends to finish off the pie. A few fork holes in the top, a brush of milk, and a sprin of sugar dusts it to completion. Adele places it in the oven.
26) 90) dialog: (to Henry) Even the richest man in America isn’t eating tastier pie than we are tonight. Adele is holding the pairing knife. After considering whe she should put it in her pocket, she puts it back in the
27) 0) text: Teenage Frank, in military dress, kissing Mandy’s neck.
28) 0) text: Teenage Frank looking out the window. He begins to pull a Mandy has already turned. INT. ADELE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 93 Frank's lips touch Adele’s neck silently. HENRY’S POV - The screen of his PACMAN reflecting Frank a Adele on the sofa. Just as we hear the quietest kiss... A wash of light cuts across the window. Frank walks over takes a look outside. FRANK'S POV - A POLICE CRUISE patrols the street, using a side lamp to see into the shadows. 94 95 41.
28) 1) dialog: I should go. They won’t be back for a few hours. It’s as good a window as I’m going to get. Adele and Henry look up. It’s clear they want him to stay
28) 3) dialog: I’m not just thinking ‘bout myself.
28) 5) dialog: They won’t stop looking, Adele. Henry watches this negotiation with rapt attention.
29) 7) dialog: Cold weather's coming, but with enough straw, chickens winter over just fine. All they need’s a warm body to huddle up to in the night.
30) 0) text: The car is up on a jack. Henry rolls the spare tire over. Frank is loosens the lug nuts.
30) 1) dialog: I’1l tell you now, you don’t want to wait to learn how to fix it. Not if you’ve got some lady in the seat beside you when it happens. 103 104 105 106 107
34) 0) text: Henry walks with the two bags of groceries hanging from h handle bars. A group of kids WHIZ BY ON BIKES. * Henry comes upon a stretch of trees, each one stapled wit POLICE WARNING featuring FRANK’S PRISON PHOTO. Henry sees a policeman, OFFICER TREADWELL actually stapli one next to his squad car. He tips his hat to Henry.
34) 3) dialog: (quietly) I was nineteen years old.
34) 10) dialog: (quietly) Eighteen years in stir. When I saw that open window, I knew there was a reason to jump. EXT. ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 112¢ The wheelchair is pulled up Adele’s front steps, one at a time, landing with a thud on each wooden plank. INT. KITCHEN, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 112D Henry is now standing right next to the window, inches aw from Frank and Adele. WOMAN’S VOICE (0.C.) Adele?! Where are you?! Henry shoots a look to the front door, to see EVELYN, wal from the entryway into the living room. There isn’t enoug time to warn Frank. He runs through the dining room and i the...
35) 21) dialog: Hey Barry, you look mighty toasty in all those clothes. Barry is SWEATING in a parka.
35) 23) dialog: (smiles to Barry) You got here just in time. We needed a third baseman. EXT. ADELE’S BACKYARD - DAY 115 We see makeshift bases being laid out. Frank lowers Barry into a LAWN CHAIR, then unbrims his RE SOX HAT from Pricemart and slides it onto Barry’s head, w gurgles back with joy.
35) 24) dialog: I’m Frank by the way. Barry GURGLES back a sound that vaguely resembles FWAANN.
35) 25) dialog: That's right, Frank. Pleasure to meet you. Frank walks over to Henry who is gloving his new baseball
35) 26) dialog: Alright, let’s see that arm.
35) 28) dialog: (not having any of it) Want to run that by me again? 51. Henry quickly quiets. They take positions around thirty f away from each other. Frank pauses, then throws it right Henry’s glove with a little heat.
35) 32) dialog: (whispers ) See the ball.
35) 34) dialog: There it is. If I had a whole season to really work with you, we could really get somewhere. (turns to Adele) Alright, your turn.
35) 36) dialog: Come on. You know I won’t take no for an answer. Frank helps Adele up. He begins positioning her, almost l a dancer. He’s behind her, forming his body to hers, ina batter’s stance.
35) 37) dialog: Alright Hank, bring us the heat. Henry takes position. He throws the ball. Frank and Adele swing the bat cracking the ball far. Barry yelps. They continue to play as we hear...
36) 0) text: Frank steps off the bus.
37) 0) text: Mandy pushes Frank onto the bed. She’s down at his feet taking off his boots.
38) 4) dialog: Guess our good fortune just came early.
39) 0) text: Frank and Mandy are married in a civil ceremony.
41) 0) text: Frank is escorted in by a nurse. He looks at Mandy holdin their baby. The infant has noticeably red hair.
41) 3) dialog: I may not be innocent but I am not a murderer.
41) 28) dialog: Don’t know... Thought I got what I deserved.
41) 30) dialog: Now it doesn’t matter.
41) 32) dialog: In prison? Sure.
41) 34) dialog: Oh. (gives it a thought) Didn’t even think about it. Henry slowly opens the door until he can peek into the ro Frank is lying shirtless on the bed. Adele lies across hi with her head on his chest. She’s slowly tracing the scar his abdomen with COTTON AND ANTISEPTIC.
41) 36) dialog: Can’t call myself free till I can walk down the street. Arm around you.
41) 38) dialog: Take you on road trips to places we don’t know a soul. 58.
41) 40) dialog: Yeah, Bonnie. On the run. This catches Henry’s attention. After a beat, something occurs to Adele.
41) 42) dialog: In Canada?
41) 44) dialog: You been?
41) 46) dialog: Cold?
41) 48) dialog: Too cold to grow things?
41) 50) dialog: Sounds nice. Henry begins to imagine it himself. A beat as they all soak in Prince Edward Island. 130 59.
41) 51) dialog: I noticed a spot under the shower where the water’s finding its way under the linoleum. Don’t want dry rot. Going to tackle that tomorrow.
42) 0) text: Henry is walking downstairs, when he again hears Frank an Adele chatting. This time in the kitchen.
42) 2) dialog: Wouldn’t need much to start over.
42) 4) dialog: Morning sport.
42) 8) dialog: A little top secret research, if you follow?
42) 14) dialog: (to Henry) Your mom says it’s beautiful.
42) 16) dialog: You'd be doing your mother and me a big favor.
45) 41) dialog: Couldn’t take a lot. Packed car might seem suspicious.
45) 43) dialog: You wouldn’t be able to tell your friends.
45) 45) dialog: You know what that would mean? Henry waits for the ending of this thought, when Frank ro the corner with a stripping knife.
45) 46) dialog: Hey, you just get back?
45) 49) dialog: Hey buddy, you got back just in the nick of time. We’re giving the porch a new coat. Want to help scrape the paint with me?
45) 55) dialog: I think you should help your mother here, son. Henry looks back at Frank.
45) 60) dialog: Not a very flattering picture. Henry drops the paper as he notices Frank standing above holding the paint scraper. 68.
45) 61) dialog: I was thinking we could throw around the ball for a bit. ON TV - Jerry Lewis is next to a girl in leg braces.
45) 64) dialog: Listen, there will never be a day you aren’t numero uno in her book, and I would never change that. To be fair, Henry doesn’t know what to believe.
45) 66) dialog: That the fool who walked out on you?
48) 6) dialog: Your mother’s some kind of dancer. Most people wouldn’t tackle the Lindy in this weather.
48) 18) dialog: ... Don’t need passports to get across the border. Frank takes a step forward into the FRIDGE LIGHT. For the first time, Henry notices that Frank has dyed his hair bl and cut it short. He looks ten years younger.
48) 19) dialog: Thanks for the research, bud. Adele exhales. She has big news.
48) 28) dialog: They're looking for a man travelling alone.
49) 0) text: Frank, Adele, and Henry spin the ride faster.
49) 2) dialog: Come spring, I’1l have you so you could field a bullet if it landed in your glove. (conspiratorially) Are you in? A long beat. Henry smiles. He’s in. 74.
50) 0) text: Eleanor removes her sweater and embraces Henry. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 154 We begin to hear Frank through the wall...
50) 1) dialog: Adele... Adele... Henry buries himself into the pillow. As we turn with him into darkness we find...
52) 0) text: Mandy on the phone with her sister as Frank feeds the bab crib in the foreground.
53) 0) text: Frank feeds the baby. Mandy blows a kiss and slips out, carrying a bowling bag.
55) 0) text: Frank, Mandy, and Frank Jr pose for a studio portrait.
56) 0) text: Frank pushes the stroller as Mandy shops the tables.
57) 0) text: Frank drying his baby son’s red hair.
58) 0) text: We slowly push in on a dining table as Frank, Mandy, and their baby eat in silence.
58) 2) dialog: Half.
58) 4) dialog: (firm) Half. INT. LIVING ROOM, ADELE’S HOUSE - MORNING 165 Adele packs a box with photo albums. She says goodbye to figurine of a dancer. INT. DARK BEDROOM, ADELE’S HOUSE - MORNING 166 Frank opens the door to a dark bedroom. Inside, he sees t trim of a nursery. Boxes. A rocking chair under plastic. EXT. MRS. FARNSWORTH’S BACKYARD - DAY 167 Mrs. Farnsworth looks across to see Adele taking in the clothes that were hanging on the line. Amongst them is a of MEN’S SLACKS. This leaves Farnsworth perplexed. 168 169 170 171 78. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - MORNING 168 Henry goes through loose items on his desk. He picks up h LIBRARY CARD. On the back is Eleanor’s phone number. INT. ENTRYWAY, ADELE’S HOUSE - MORNING 169 Frank sets a box at the front door. Inside is a photo alb He picks it up and begins leafing through. He sees FAMILY PHOTOS of Adele with her ex-husband. Then a photo stops Frank in his tracks. Adele is standing with Henry by her side at an ice cream stand. Henry must five years old... and Adele looks six months pregnant. Fr is thinking this over when... Henry comes WHIZZING BY OUT THE DOOR.
58) 6) dialog: Hey, Hank, we still have work to do.
62) 0) text: Eleanor and Henry walk. They pass a WANTED SIGN for Frank Henry tries to make no notice of it. 174 81.
62) 10) dialog: Probably just need some Aspirin before we hit the road.
62) 12) dialog: It’s fine. I’m fine. Adele shows strength.
62) 15) dialog: It can wait.
62) 17) dialog: It’s okay, I trust you. You go.
62) 19) dialog: I don’t think you’re gonna make a run for it...
62) 21) dialog: (uses Adele's logic) Well, you can’t send a twelve year old into a pharmacy asking for a prescription. Adele shows concern. He’s right.
62) 22) dialog: You alright?
63) 0) text: Adele is hyperventilating. She doesn’t look ready to back down a driveway, let alone leave the country. Her breathing grows stronger until out of nowhere, Frank in the passenger seat, reaches across, and turns off the Adele looks out the windshield. Then back down at her han
63) 1) dialog: What’s wrong?
63) 3) dialog: Because, if you’re not up for this, I need to know...
63) 5) dialog: Then what is it? A beat and then Adele looks over. She owes an explanation
69) 0) text: Adele and Frank remain in the car.
84) 0) text: Adele and Frank have moved to the back swing. She stares space. Frank stares at Adele.
84) 2) dialog: I came to save you, Adele. And tomorrow, that’s exactly what I’m going to do. They kiss. EXT. ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 198 Henry is walking up the driveway when he finds Mr. Jervis the front door. Knocking.
84) 16) dialog: Where’d you go?
84) 18) dialog: You didn’t say where we’re going?
84) 20) dialog: You didn’t say you were leaving?
84) 22) dialog: Don’t forget what’s going on here, Hank. Adele enters the room.
84) 29) dialog: Clever. Adele hugs her son, but his back tightens in the embrace. Music enters as we begin:
85) 5) dialog: We can find him a good home.
86) 0) text: Frank enters the bowling alley, carrying his infant. Ther barely anyone there. He walks up to the cashier desk.
86) 1) dialog: What time’s women’s league?
87) 0) text: Frank’s truck pulls up. He sees Mandy’s car. 210 211 98.
88) 0) text: Frank enters and moves towards the back, again carrying h baby boy. He finds Mandy sitting with a young guy ina baseball shirt with his hand on her knee. Mandy doesn’t s ashamed. She gives a surprisingly annoyed look.
88) 1) dialog: Come on, let’s go.
88) 3) dialog: This is for home.
89) 2) dialog: I’m done with you anyway.
89) 4) dialog: (fuming) I’m sincerely happy for you.
89) 6) dialog: Is he even my son? Mandy looks at him. She’s been drinking. She breaks into cruel smile. And then a laugh. A mean fucking laugh. Frank steams. 212 213 214 215 99.
90) 2) dialog: Mandy? Frank walks over to her.
90) 3) dialog: Mandy...? He’s just beginning to understand the consequences of his shove when a drip of water lands on Mandy’s face. Another drip. It’s coming pretty steady. Frank looks up. There’s a pool of water in the ceiling. Frank starts stepping towards the stairs, when he breaks a full sprint.
91) 0) text: Frank turns the corner and runs for the bathroom door.
92) 0) text: Frank bursts through the door and stops. The floor has two inches of water. The bathtub is brimmin tiny foot breaks the surface, floating lifeless. Before Frank can scream, we...
93) 0) text: Henry quietly walks down the stairs to find Frank and Ade doing final preparation. INT. LIVING ROOM, ADELE’S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING 219 Adele looks up at Henry with a mournful look.
93) 5) dialog: Your mother and I would never do anything like that.
93) 8) dialog: I’m very sorry for your loss, Hank. 220 221 222 223 101. Henry shoots Frank a look.
94) 0) text: Henry digs a small grave for Joe. Frank goes to help him, Adele holds him back. Henry’s face is filled with sadness anger. It’s slowly beginning to drizzle. INT. ENTRYWAY, ADELE’S HOUSE - EARLY MORNING 221 Frank and Adele are reviewing a ROAD MAP. Henry comes hustling by out the door.
94) 3) dialog: Hank...
96) 0) text: Henry is walking back home. The rain has gotten heavier. clothes are beginning to stick to his skin. A car begins to slow down next to him. As it gets closer, realize it’s a POLICE CRUISER. The passenger side window lowers, revealing OFFICER TREADWELL, who we found putting up signs of Frank earlier
97) 25) dialog: He seem suspicious?
97) 27) dialog: We got to get out of here. Take Henry to the bank, while I finish up here. (takes Adele) We're going to be fine. Henry watches as Frank infuses confidence into his mother
100) 19) dialog: She'll be right back. She’s just dropping Henry at school.
100) 21) dialog: Anything I can help you with?
100) 23) dialog: I’1ll make sure she gets them. Frank goes to take them. Evelyn observes his face. 109.
100) 25) dialog: Handyman.
101) 6) dialog: I don’t know... (looking around) «+. Sure looks like it. An understanding is beginning to settle between them.
101) 8) dialog: Not a bad idea. Frank leaves and returns with a roll of wax paper. 236 110.
101) 10) dialog: I’m just here to fix a few things. INT. BANK — DAY 236 Adele hides her shaking hands under the counter. Henry se them, but keeps his eyes on the manager. Now the baby beg crying. With each cry, we can almost feel Adele’s will be slowly cracked away.
101) 20) dialog: Henry’s father called. Left a message. (angry to Henry) Did you leave him some sort of note?
101) 23) dialog: (suddenly alert) We need to go.
101) 26) dialog: (quick) We need to go now. Henry starts running up the stairs.
101) 29) dialog: Listen to your mother! INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - DAY 239 Henry is trying to say a quick good bye to everything. Hi eyes dart around at all of his possessions. INT. ENTRYWAY, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 240 Frank and Adele in a panic.
101) 31) dialog: I’m getting him. Frank gets two steps up the stairs, when he stops. He hea it. Adele hears it. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - DAY 241 Henry hears it too... SIRENS. INT. ENTRYWAY, ADELE’S HOUSE - DAY 242 Henry walks down the stairs to find Frank holding Adele’s hand. The sirens are very close now.
101) 32) dialog: Don’t be scared.
101) 36) dialog: It’s all right, Adele. We hear the cruisers begin pulling up onto the lawn.
101) 44) dialog: Listen, Adele. We don’t have time to discuss this. I want you to do everything I say here. Adele’s shoulders are shaking. Henry watches as Frank walks Adele over to a kitchen chai The same one from the beginning of the film. The ropes ar still attached to the arms and legs of the chair. Frank sits Adele down. This makes Adele begin to inhale q The way one does before crying... but she refuses to cry. Frank ties each ankle to a chair leg. Kissing each one af pulling the knot tight. He then ties her wrists behind her back. He takes a breat 114.
101) 49) dialog: (grabs a chair) Henry, sit down. Henry complies. Frank grabs a roll of PACKING TAPE they used to box their possessions. He quickly yanks out a couple feet of tape a begins wrapping Henry’s legs to the chair. He takes Henry’s wrists and quickly binds them together.
101) 50) dialog: You're a fine boy, Henry. Anyone who says otherwise is just jealous and not worth your time. Be yourself. A man is someone who is true to his instincts. Always be a man.
101) 55) dialog: I'd take twenty more years just to spend another three days with you. As long as I am alive, you are never alone, Adele. Frank kisses her one more time. It lingers on the end of their lips for a moment, then he quickly stands. We watch from Henry’s point of view as Frank steps up to entryway. He slowly opens the front door. A FLOOD OF SOUND enters the house. Sirens. The Chopper. Shotguns chambering rounds.
102) 0) text: Showing Frank at his sentencing hearing. He’s lead back through a doorway into a HOLDING CELL.
105) 0) text: Old steel bars have rusted over. Frank is let out of his cell. He walks up to a pass through window, where he is handed a lunch tray.
120) 0) text: The unmistakable back of Frank’s head. Hair now peppered grey. We don’t see his face. He’s at a desk. Writing.
120) 1) dialog: Dear Henry. I hope you will remember me. We once spent Labor Day weekend together. Five of the best days of my life.
121) 1) dialog: I had always wondered who you would become and what you would look like. And then, one day while flipping through a magazine, I came across a familiar looking pie and there you were. Henry’s eyes begin to moisten.
122) 0) text: We now see Frank. Just as handsome. Somehow prison has no destroyed all that is good in the depth of his eyes. The library is so modern, it almost looks like a high school.
122) 1) dialog: The opportunities for me to impart knowledge of any kind have been limited in my life, so it’s nice to think I might have contributed some small piece of wisdom or know-how. I’m proud of you. INT. HENRY’S MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 278 Henry is in bed with his WIFE, a brunette of similar age has a similar literary quality to her. They read the lett
122) 2) dialog: I will understand if you choose not to respond to this letter. Your silence would be as much word as I would need, to discontinue any thought of further communication. 279 280 281 126.
123) 0) text: Frank looks out a thin window on a rainy day. The changes the prison are enormous. His bed is stainless steel. The window, a long horizontal slit in the wall.
123) 1) dialog: However, I am due to be released shortly. I’m no longer young, but I have plenty of good health remaining, and I'd like to live much the way we discussed that weekend, back when we thought we'd be a family. Frank hears a knock on his cell door. He passes the seale envelope to the mail service. INT. HENRY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 280 Henry and his wife continue to read the letter.
123) 2) dialog: Most likely, your mother has remarried by now and is living with a husband somewhere. While this thought haunts me, I’d be relieved to know that she had found happiness. She deserves it. Henry looks to his wife.
123) 3) dialog: But on the off chance that she might be alone, I wanted to ask you whether I might write her a letter. I promise you, I would sooner cut off my own hand than bring any more grief to Adele. Henry puts down the letter.
125) 0) text: We see Frank and Adele driving along a country road. Everything is quiet and serene.
126) 0) text: Henry steps out of the car. His wife opens the rear passe door and picks up their INFANT out of the carseat. Henry looks up at the farm house. His mother and Frank nowhere to be seen.
127) 0) text: Henry and his wife come around the back side of the farm house. Looking down past the field where we once saw Fran and Mandy run as teenagers, we see a small garden. In the late afternoon light, we can see Frank and Adele picking vegetables. Perhaps even a few roaming chickens. After a beat, they look back up and wave. Henry smiles as he leads his family down to the garden. Perhaps rolling up his sleeves. Adele notices her son approaching and stops.