20) 0) text: Frank's truck drives along. Mandy rides next to him.
21) 0) text: The truck is parked. Frank lays out a blanket in the bed. Mandy smiles and lies down. Frank climbs on top of her.
21) 1) dialog: Keep your belt on cowboy.
27) 0) text: Teenage Frank, in military dress, kissing Mandy’s neck.
28) 0) text: Teenage Frank looking out the window. He begins to pull a Mandy has already turned. INT. ADELE’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 93 Frank's lips touch Adele’s neck silently. HENRY’S POV - The screen of his PACMAN reflecting Frank a Adele on the sofa. Just as we hear the quietest kiss... A wash of light cuts across the window. Frank walks over takes a look outside. FRANK'S POV - A POLICE CRUISE patrols the street, using a side lamp to see into the shadows. 94 95 41.
37) 0) text: Mandy pushes Frank onto the bed. She’s down at his feet taking off his boots.
37) 1) dialog: I bet you’ve been starved for this, right, baby? Or all you got was yellow girls? Frank is caught up in the momentum but we can tell things moving a little fast for him. Mandy rides Frank in an uncomfortable bit of love making. She seems on a mission.
38) 0) text: Mandy is setting up her cosmetics.
38) 3) dialog: You must-a-bin storing it all up so long, those sperms of yours were three times as powerful as regular.
39) 0) text: Frank and Mandy are married in a civil ceremony.
40) 0) text: Mandy excitedly shares the news into a pay phone while Fr stands nearby looking on. *
41) 0) text: Frank is escorted in by a nurse. He looks at Mandy holdin their baby. The infant has noticeably red hair.
52) 0) text: Mandy on the phone with her sister as Frank feeds the bab crib in the foreground.
52) 1) dialog: I keep telling him, we’ve got to sell off the farm. Yeah, no offense, but what woman wants to come home to husker’s hands? (laughs ) Yeah, I know...
53) 0) text: Frank feeds the baby. Mandy blows a kiss and slips out, carrying a bowling bag.
54) 0) text: Mandy's car peeling out in the dirt driveway.
55) 0) text: Frank, Mandy, and Frank Jr pose for a studio portrait.
56) 0) text: Frank pushes the stroller as Mandy shops the tables.
58) 0) text: We slowly push in on a dining table as Frank, Mandy, and their baby eat in silence.
87) 0) text: Frank’s truck pulls up. He sees Mandy’s car. 210 211 98.
88) 0) text: Frank enters and moves towards the back, again carrying h baby boy. He finds Mandy sitting with a young guy ina baseball shirt with his hand on her knee. Mandy doesn’t s ashamed. She gives a surprisingly annoyed look.
88) 2) dialog: Don’t act all self-righteous. You don’t know what’s going on here.
89) 0) text: Mandy walks down the steps, carrying a baby blanket. Fran waiting for her.
89) 1) dialog: I’ve met somebody. He’s taking me away from all this.
89) 3) dialog: He’s a real man.
89) 5) dialog: Just so you know. All those times I acted like I was having a good time in bed, I wasn’t. Just felt sorry for you. Mandy walks passed him. There isn’t enough room on this p to describe the mixture of fragility, pain, humiliation, anger that is brimming inside Frank as he asks...
90) 0) text: Mandy is now lost in laughter. Each laugh - a stab. Each saying: you stupid idiot.
90) 1) dialog: You poor sweet fool... Frank SNAPS - LUNGES forward and SHOVES HER HARD. Mandy flies backward, trips over a toy, and spins into th furnace. Her head hits wrong and her neck snaps. She falls into a pile on the floor. A single drip of bloo trickles down from her ear. Frank stops. What just happened...
127) 0) text: Henry and his wife come around the back side of the farm house. Looking down past the field where we once saw Fran and Mandy run as teenagers, we see a small garden. In the late afternoon light, we can see Frank and Adele picking vegetables. Perhaps even a few roaming chickens. After a beat, they look back up and wave. Henry smiles as he leads his family down to the garden. Perhaps rolling up his sleeves. Adele notices her son approaching and stops.