3) 52) text: Rochefort and Jussac instantly fall to their knees. ARMAND DU PLEISS THE CARDINAL RICHELIEU steps out of the darkness and into the light, his long crimson robes swirling about him like clouds of blood. His face is long, shrewd and intelligent. His eyes are penetrat- ing. He smiles his crocodile smile. Richelieu observes a duty roster on one of the walls. It contains the names of all the Musketeers, past and present.
17) 3) dialog: But, Father...
17) 5) text: He will not consider otherwise. Armand sighs, stands in the shadows, and watches his father cross toward Milady's house.
19) 0) text: Armand keeps his eyes on Milady's house opposite. No sign of his father. He looks about, impatient... and steps across the street to enter.
20) 0) text: Armand climbs a flight of stairs.    Still no sign of his father, or Milady. He calls out:
20) 1) dialog: Father? Worry makes him hurry. Armand takes hasty steps into Milady's bedroom. The first thing he sees is his own face in the mirror. The second is his father's inert body below it. Armand gasps, races to his side. A thin trail of bright blood is seen briefly at the older man's ear. Armand gathers his father up into his arms, and begins to weep.
55) 5) text: They change directions. As he is pulled away, d'Artagnan catches a glimpse of Armand de Winter below.
65) 19) text: She turns and runs away... directly into the arms of Armand de Winter. He has ridden, and he has followed, and he has finally found her here.
65) 20) dialog: Countess de Winter...
67) 0) text: A fire burns in the grate. Milady sits beside it in a chair, staring into the glowing embers. Their hot re- flection dances in her pale blue eyes. There is a KNOCK at the door. Armand de Winter emerges from a dark corner of the room where he has been standing guard with an impassive executioner. He crosses to the door, opens it. And Athos steps inside.
67) 2) dialog: (a beat, he nods) She dies at dawn.
67) 12) text: Milady hears the regret in his voice, holds his gaze. Athos indicates Armand in the corner.
68) 0) text: A hundred feet below, waves crash on a rocky shore. On the jagged cliff above, a black mass of trees is outlined against a stormy sky filled with copper-colored clouds, surreal in effect. A sinister procession approaches the cliff. Porthos leads Milady. She wears a simple white shift, her hair pulled back into a long braid. She looks years younger, the girl she used to be. The Executioner walks behind them. Followed by Armand de Winter, Aramis, d'Artagnan. And Athos. He watches every step. The procession stops at the cliff's edge. THUNDER RUMBLES. Lightning slashes the sky. The Executioner ties Milady's hands behind her. The Executioner removes a bright scimitar from beneath his cloak. Milady catches Athos' eye. He holds her gaze. He stares at Milady unflinchingly, as if to burn her image into his eyes, so that he might keep it there until the day he dies. Aramis reaches inside his cloak, removes the sacred priestly cloth he carries.