39) 17) text: The Musketeers return their swords to their sheathes and take off their dripping hats and capes. The pretty Barmaids crowd around them to collect their gear and car- ry it to the fire.
39) 19) text: Porthos rubs his hands together, eager to indulge himself He follows the Barmaids, booming in his loud, friendly voice.
39) 21) text: Porthos beams, waiting for a big response but nothing happens. The Barmaids look at each other.
39) 26) text: The three Barmaids perk up.
39) 28) text: And with that, the three Barmaids desert Porthos and scurry across the room to attach themselves to Aramis. Porthos shakes his head and flops down in a chair.
40) 0) text: Moments later.   Porthos regales the Barmaids with a tale
40) 14) dialog: (still reeling) Not likely.
40) 16) text: Aramis' courtly behavior is as out of place in these en- virons as it is persuasive. The Barmaid slips from Porthos' lap, sits down on the bench beside him. Aramis does not touch her. He simply looks into her eyes... and begins to speak.
40) 23) text: The Barmaid, once skeptical, sits silently. Her face covered with tears. Aramis pauses, almost embarrassed by the outcome. He turns to d'Artagnan, cites:
40) 26) text: The Barmaid on his lap disagrees.
40) 27) dialog: It's beautiful.
40) 28) text: D'Artagnan looks at the dark-haired Barmaid across the room. Porthos urges him on.
40) 30) text: D'Artagnan steps forward. The dark-haired Barmaid sees him coming and smiles. D'Artagnan stands before her, hesitates, not sure where to start. Then, remembering as best he can:
40) 32) text: D'Artagnan takes the Barmaid into his arms, delivers a powerful kiss. As previously demonstrated. Porthos and Aramis smile proudly. The Barmaids cheer.
40) 42) text: A Barmaid scurries INTO   VIEW. Porthos grabs her by the waist, adds the Barmaid   to the one already sitting on h lap. The chair breaks    beneath them, and all three go sprawling on the floor,   laughing heartily.
40) 49) text: D'Artagnan notices the dark-haired Barmaid eyeing him across the room.
40) 85) text: Aramis launches into something appropriate. Porthos and a Barmaid get up and begin a festive folk dance. Porthos is damned good. His joie de vivre is infectious and soon everyone in the inn is clapping and encouraging him. Every once in awhile, another WEAPON -- a dagger or something -- drops out of Porthos' clothing and hits the floor with a CLATTER. That's when Porthos, dancing with abandon, spins out of control, trips and falls on Athos' table, crushing it to the floor. Porthos lies in the wreckage, staring up. Athos, totally unperturbed, looks down and offers him the bottle.