4) 0) text: Jussac leads   a regiment of the Cardinal's Gruards down Paris' most   colorful and notorious street. They react to SHOUTING   and VIOLENT NOISES coming from a tavern ahead. The    one called... The Dead Rat. The tavern door flies open, and two of the Cardinal's Guards are flung into the street, bruised and bloody. Just then: A window on the second floor bursts open, and a big Musketeer dangles a struggling Guard by his feet, threatening to drop him into the street. The Musketeer, a man of enormous appetites -- wine, women, song -- is called PORTHOS. Jussac shouts:
5) 0) text: Jussac and his company burst in and discover the room in a shambles, the aftermath of a violent fight. But for now, all is calm. A group of the Cardinal's Guards is seated around a big table littered with flagons and bottles. On the floor around them are their swords and rifles. It appears the Gruards are celebrating a victory. But wait. There's something wrong with this picture. On closer inspection, we see that the Guards have been stripped to their under- clothes and tied to their chairs with ropes. They are all bruised and bloody. Some are unconscious. Presiding over the "celebration" are two Musketeers. They sit at the head of the table, relaxing with their boots up.
11) 5) dialog: I'm afraid that's not possible.
11) 7) dialog: The young women do not wish to be spoken to.
46) 2) text: Richelieu never allows the mask to slip. Even for an instant. Louis glances at the throne room, the increasing number of Cardinal's Guards on duty. They make him feel uncomfortable. Louis speaks with renewed determination.
48) 56) text: Aramis indicates the opposite shore as the flatboat approaches it. There, waiting patiently, swords and muskets already drawn... is a patrol of Cardinal's Guards.
71) 0) text: A CAPTAIN in the Cardinal's Guard makes a public pronouncement from horseback outside a cathedral. Townspeople are gathered around.
75) 0) text: A gathering of nobles and ladies, all in full ceremonial dress. Rochefort is there as well, the familiar eye patch, in command of the Cardinal's Guards. A Seneschal waits at the door with two flanking lines of trumpeteers. The trumpeteers raise their instruments and blow a royal blast.
77) 0) text: The balcony has been colorfully decorated. The crowd focuses its attention on the empty space where the King will soon appear. Below, the entrance to the Palace is protected by a double line of the Cardinal's Guards, resplendent in their crimson tunics. It would take an army to get past them.