6) 3) text: As the two riders pass underneath, d'Artagnan leaps into space and tackles one of them, knocking him out of the saddle. The rider hits the ground and is knocked sense- less. One down. D'Artagnan scrambles to his feet as the second rider re- verses direction and GALLOPS back, charging d'Artagnan. The rider draws his saber. D'Artagnan dodges the horse and the sword. He catches the second rider's arm and yanks him right out of the saddle. The man lands with a painful thud at d'Artagnan's feet. Before he can recover, d'Artagnan is upon him with flying fists. One swift punch -- and the second rider is senseless. Two down. D'Artagnan stands over his two victims, out of breath, but greatly pleased with his performance. He looks up as the two women ride back to see what's happened. The first woman is of noble breeding, a beautiful dark- haired girl in her late teens. Her name is ANNE. Her companion is roughly the same age, titan-haired and equally beautiful. Her name is CONSTANCE. Anne regards the two men on the ground, then d'Artagnan. She shakes her head, laughs with delight and rides off. Constance remains. She smiles down at d'Artagnan from atop her horse.
6) 4) dialog: Do you have any idea what you've done?
6) 6) dialog: These 'bandits' are the Queen's own bodyguards. D'Artagnan is stunned.
6) 8) dialog: If I were you, I'd make myself scarce. These men are going to be very angry when they wake up.
6) 13) text: Constance smiles at him, her eyes twinkling.
6) 14) dialog: Do you have a name?
6) 16) dialog: You're a very foolish boy, d'Artagnan... but a very handsome one. Good-bye.
6) 17) text: Constance spurs her horse and rides off to catch up with Anne.
6) 19) text: But Constance is gone. D'Artagnan stands in the middle of the road, feeling foolish and oddly thrilled at the same time. The two bodyguards groan and grumble. A bright reflection catches d'Artagnan's eye. He looks down and sees a gleaming bracelet. He picks it up and...
9) 31) text: Just then, d'Artangnan spies two familiar figures on horseback, distinctive cloaks hiding their faces. Anne and Constance, though he does not yet know their names. D'Artagnan hurries after.
11) 0) text: D'Artagnan thinks he sees     Anne and Constance, races d the alley, turns a corner,     down a short street, makes hasty decision, runs down     yet another alley... and tu bles into a shadowy lane.      He stops, looks left and right. And does see them. The ladies enter a chapel's back door, close the door behind them. D'Artagnan flies after, skids across cob- blestones, rips the door open... and finds himself face to face with the man who has escorted Anne and Constance this far.
29) 28) text: Meanwhile, on the perimeter of the square, two figures ride on horseback, they wear familiar cloaks. A CLOSER look reveals Queen Anne and Constance. They ride through the city, towards the countryside beyond. But their progress has led them here. Anne frowns at the spectacle.
29) 33) dialog: Men call it justice.
29) 35) text: She replies   with contempt, reins her horse away from th square, the   crowd, the executioner's axe. But Constance freezes in   place, eyes wide. As d'Artagnan, upon the cart, rolls   INTO VIEW.
29) 36) dialog: It's him.
29) 37) text: For just a moment, their eyes lock. Inestimable space between. Constance's eyes fill with tears, she watches d'Artagnan. Porthos steps back from d'Artagnan, raises his axe. D'Artagnan shuts his eyes, wonders, mutters a silent prayer. That's when screams of panic erupt from the crowd. D'Artagnan raises his head to see the source of this mayhem.
29) 45) dialog: Yes!
42) 0) text: A room heavy with mist and steam. Behind a maze of gauze screens, we discover Anne reclining in a large tiled bath Constance attending. Constance replenishes the bath with pitchers of hot water drawn from a boiling cauldron. In mid-conversation, as confidantes and friends:
42) 1) dialog: But how, your Majesty? How can you tell if you're really in love?
42) 3) dialog: (considers; replies) Yes.
42) 5) dialog: Yes.
42) 10) dialog: Yes.
42) 12) dialog: (thrilled by the knowledge; knew it all alone) I am.
42) 13) text: Anne turns to Constance, soap and water swirl about her naked body. She wonders:
42) 15) dialog: You'll never believe it.
42) 17) dialog: You won't.
42) 19) dialog: The young man who rescued us from the bandit.
42) 21) dialog: Yes.
42) 23) text: A warm beat. Anne and Constance are friends as much as they are Queen and subject.
42) 24) dialog: Are you in love, Your Majesty?
42) 29) dialog: Are you?
42) 32) text: A sad beat.    Constance teases:
42) 33) dialog: Do you think about him all the time?
42) 35) dialog: Do your knees feel as weak as water?
42) 37) dialog: When he looks at you, do you forget how to breathe?
54) 31) text: Her tone heralds a sudden shift. D'Artagnan sees the look in her eyes, can almost feel her lips upon him. But he resists. There is Constance's memory to consider. And midnight as it approaches.
88) 0) text: Pandemonium reigns. Rochefort instructs his Guards to close the huge door to the great hall. The members of the King's royal court run in panicked circles, convinced the palace is under seige. Constance pauses amid the riot, seeks the Queen. But Richelieu has found her first. He steps to Anne, assumes an air of priestly innocence.
88) 15) dialog: Look out!
88) 16) text: Anne looks up. Constance tosses the goblet to her. Anne catches it neatly, brings it down on the head of the hapless Guard. Constance smiles, leaps forward. Aramis cuts down a Guard. As another man comes at him from behind, Porthos intervenes, runs the man through. The two Musketeers pause to exchange deadpan thanks, and continue. Athos and Rochefort slash at each other. It is a mighty confrontation. But Athos soon gains the upper hand. Rochefort shouts to a nearby Guard for help. Now it's two on one. Athos receives a wound in the shoulder, he staggers... and the treaty falls from his tunic to the floor. Rochefort reacts with a start, he grabs the treaty, stuffs it into his doublet. Athos shakes off the sudden pain, disposes of the Guard. Rochefort and Athos face each other a second time. Athos wounded, Rochefort confident he can finish the injured Musketeer. But Athos merely changes sword hands. Rochefort reacts. Their SABERS CLASH as they draw together. Rochefort grabs a dagger from his belt with his free hand. But Athos sees it coming, and smashes Rochefort across the face with his fist.
89) 29) text: Anne indicates Constance, who steps forward, INTO VIEW. D'Artagnan and Constance lock eyes for the third time. The thrill of recognition, the promise of romance, charges between. D'Artagnan slips the bracelet around her wrist. Constance kisses him on the cheek. Louis continues:
89) 41) text: D'Artagnan stands, transformed from boy to man. BELLS RING in the distance. Constance smiles brightly, tears gleam in her eyes. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis surround their young friend, and happily present him with the bright blue tunic of the Musketeers. They slip the tunic over d'Artagnan's head, react with a cheer. D'Artagnan hugs each of the three. For each has given him gifts more valuable than gold. Porthos, Aramis, and last... Athos.       Who, to the sur of all who know him... smiles.