0) 0) text: Dawn. A verdant field in Gascony. BIRDS CALL from tree- tops. The WIND RUSTLES through green leaves. A fox darts into a thick hedge. And last, anti-pastoral, out of place -- the sound of CLASHING STEEL. SUPERIMPOSE:   France, 1625. Suddenly, two young men burst INTO VIEW, sword points cutting brilliant arcs through the morning air. The first is GIRARD, bearded, nearly thirty, a man in every facet. The second, D'ARTAGNAN. Younger in appearance and attitude. Exuberant, handsome. And at just this moment, bounding over a low stone wall with a boisterous cry. They battle across an expanse of turf thick with dew. Girard is the more polished combatant. But d'Artagnan is nearly a force of nature. He whips his sword through the air with wild-hearted abandon. He tumbles and somer- saults. This is fun. Girard and d'Artagnan cross the field, pass over a wooden fence, struggle toward a stable and hayloft. As they fight, both men utilize a variety of props. Handfuls of hay, a wooden spar, quick kicks from heavy boots. Anything goes as the swords cut through the air. D'Artagnan, gaining increasing advantage, forces Girard up against a peaceful country manor. Girard, seemingly cornered, executes a gymnastic flip onto the roof, fights from this high angle. D'Artagnan merely smiles... and follows.
0) 6) dialog: Had enough?
0) 12) dialog: Thank you, sir. D'Artagnan leaps to his feet, races off without another word. Girard struggles upward, peers at the shape of his clothing -- cut to ribbons, muddy and soaked.
2) 0) text: D'Artagnan steps through the country manor, calls out:
2) 1) dialog: Mother...? But he does not see her.    D'Artagnan continues, chatter ing proudly as he goes.
2) 2) dialog: Did you see us? You heard us, I'll bet. Girard finally surrendered a compliment... though I almost had to kill him to get it... Mother...? D'Artagnan comes upon an open door, a small room beyond. He pauses, then steps inside.
2) 8) dialog: Didn't you hear me? Girard --
2) 14) dialog: (quiet, moved)
2) 20) dialog: And now to me.
2) 21) text: D'Artagnan can't help it, his eager reply leavens the nobility of the moment with warm humor, youthful inno- cence. His mother smiles as she repeats.
3) 0) text: A huge and beautiful field appropriate to the moment. Mother and son stand in the vast expanse. D'Artagnan holds a restless horse by the reins, his traveling satch- el attached to the saddle.
3) 2) dialog: I will.
3) 4) dialog: I won't.
3) 6) dialog: Never.
3) 11) text: A bittersweet moment. D'Artagnan posed before his first great adventure. But not completely certain that he wishes to leave home.
3) 12) dialog: Mother. Maybe I should wait. Until after harvest.
3) 15) dialog: Yes.   But what am I running from?
3) 17) text: And in this fashion, she releases him. D'Artagnan sweeps his Mother into an embrace, now turns, heroic, and leaps into the saddle. The horse reacts with a start, skitters in a half-cicle. D'Artagnan struggles to gain control, finally brings the horse to rein. He manages a charmed grin. His mother smiles, scolds:
3) 19) dialog: Horsemanship.    Got it.
3) 20) text: D'Artagnan digs his heels into the horse's flanks, shoots off across bright green fields. His Mother shields her eyes from the sun, feels a gathering of tears, and watches him ride into the distance.
3) 21) text: D'Artagnan's flight toward a new world.
6) 0) text: D'Artagnan, on horseback, pauses on a bluff overlook- ing the magnificent city on the Seine. What he beholds is Paris as it looked in the early part of the Seven- teenth Century, its steeples and towers rising to meet th sky. For a country boy like d'Artagnan, Paris is a magical place where the wildest of dreams can come true. D'Artagnan's reverie is broken by the sound of THUNDERING HOOFBEATS coming from behind. He turns in response and what he sees is this: Two women on horseback are riding for all they're worth pursued by two men on horseback.
6) 1) dialog: His heroic blood stirs. Women in danger! As the women GALLOP past, d'Artagnan leaps from his horse. Quickly formulating a plan, he clambers up the trunk of a nearby tree and climbs out on a branch that overhangs the road.
6) 3) text: As the two riders pass underneath, d'Artagnan leaps into space and tackles one of them, knocking him out of the saddle. The rider hits the ground and is knocked sense- less. One down. D'Artagnan scrambles to his feet as the second rider re- verses direction and GALLOPS back, charging d'Artagnan. The rider draws his saber. D'Artagnan dodges the horse and the sword. He catches the second rider's arm and yanks him right out of the saddle. The man lands with a painful thud at d'Artagnan's feet. Before he can recover, d'Artagnan is upon him with flying fists. One swift punch -- and the second rider is senseless. Two down. D'Artagnan stands over his two victims, out of breath, but greatly pleased with his performance. He looks up as the two women ride back to see what's happened. The first woman is of noble breeding, a beautiful dark- haired girl in her late teens. Her name is ANNE. Her companion is roughly the same age, titan-haired and equally beautiful. Her name is CONSTANCE. Anne regards the two men on the ground, then d'Artagnan. She shakes her head, laughs with delight and rides off. Constance remains. She smiles down at d'Artagnan from atop her horse.
6) 5) dialog: I've saved you and your friend from these bandits.
6) 7) dialog: The Queen? Constance points a finger in Anne's direction.
6) 12) dialog: I didn't know. I thought...
6) 15) dialog: D'Artagnan.
6) 18) dialog: (calling after her) Wait!   You didn't tell me your name!
6) 19) text: But Constance is gone. D'Artagnan stands in the middle of the road, feeling foolish and oddly thrilled at the same time. The two bodyguards groan and grumble. A bright reflection catches d'Artagnan's eye. He looks down and sees a gleaming bracelet. He picks it up and...
6) 20) dialog: The man who attacked you... (pointing in the opposite direction) ... went that way.
6) 21) text: With a guilty smile, d'Artagnan spurs his horse and rides like Hell.
7) 0) text: D'Artagnan rides to the top of the ridge, stops suddenly, sees something that takes his breath away.
7) 2) text: Paris laid out for him like a jewel, cloaked in mystery, promising adventure and romance. D'Artagnan watches the women as they ride into the fabled city in the distance. He follows.
9) 0) text: D'Artagnan rides through the streets of Paris. A country boy happily stunned by the sights, sounds, and smells of the city. Merchants gossip and call to each other from shop doors. Colorful vendors and pedestrians move along the crowded boulevard. Acrobats, puppeteers, and jug- glers perform on street corners. LAUGHTER and MUSIC drift from taverns and public houses. D'Artagnan views it all with great enthusiasm. He sees the exterior of the Musketeer Headquarters... wow! The future belongs to him.
9) 2) dialog: (as he enters) Look out!
9) 4) dialog: (in a panic; looking around) Where are they? Where are the Musketeers? I'm in the right place, aren't I?
9) 6) text: Athos is wearing his cape in such a way that it hides his Musketeer tunic. D'Artagnan has no idea who he's dealing with.
9) 7) dialog: But this is Musketeer Headquarters...
9) 12) dialog: You mean it's been moved?
9) 14) dialog: What do you mean 'disbanded'?
9) 16) text: D'Artagnan blocks Athos' path.
9) 17) dialog: But I just got here. How can I become a Musketeer if they've been disbanded?
9) 19) text: D'Artagnan grabs Athos by his injured arm. Athos, stif- ling pain, fixes d'Artagnan with a deadly look.
9) 21) text: D'Artagnan touches his sword, eyes flashing at the pos- sibility of a duel.
9) 22) dialog: Any time.
9) 25) dialog: (calling after him) I'll be there ten minutes early.
9) 30) dialog: (to himself) An hour in Paris, and I already have my first duel!
9) 31) text: Just then, d'Artangnan spies two familiar figures on horseback, distinctive cloaks hiding their faces. Anne and Constance, though he does not yet know their names. D'Artagnan hurries after.
10) 3) dialog: Meanwhile, d'Artagnan races around another corner, down a narrow lane, and speeds after the ladies on horseback. He dashes through a muddy puddle -- spraying foul water all over Porthos where he stands. D'Artagnan doesn't notice, a huge cart loaded with wine barrels has rolled INTO VIEW, blocking the lane. Fellow travelers shout complaints, the cart driver shakes his head, makes an obscene gesture. It's a Seventeenth Century traffic jam. D'Artagnan sees Anne and Constance dismount in the dis- tance, tie their horses, and step into an alley. A man waits in the shadows to escort them. D'Artagnan leaps off his horse, he means to continue his pursuit on foot. But he takes two quick steps, and... runs directly into Porthos' outstretched hand.
10) 8) dialog: No.
10) 10) text: Porthos' righteous indignation is more impressive than his knowledge of current affairs. D'Artagnan corrects.
10) 11) dialog: There is no Queen of America.
10) 13) dialog: (glancing at the ladies; the alley) I rode through a puddle, muddied your sash, the Queen of America except there isn't one, I'm in a hurry, and you were about to challenge me to a duel.
10) 15) dialog: That seems to be the local custom.
10) 21) dialog: The great who?
10) 23) text: D'Artagnan gives him a blank look.
10) 25) dialog: The world's greatest talker?
10) 28) dialog: Bring your own!
11) 0) text: D'Artagnan thinks he sees     Anne and Constance, races d the alley, turns a corner,     down a short street, makes hasty decision, runs down     yet another alley... and tu bles into a shadowy lane.      He stops, looks left and right. And does see them. The ladies enter a chapel's back door, close the door behind them. D'Artagnan flies after, skids across cob- blestones, rips the door open... and finds himself face to face with the man who has escorted Anne and Constance this far.
11) 1) dialog: Let me pass.
11) 6) dialog: I must speak to those young women.
11) 8) dialog: I have something that belongs to the Queen.
11) 10) dialog: A bracelet.
11) 12) dialog: No, you've been enough help already. Would you be so kind as to point out the Carmes-Deshaux Monastery?
12) 21) dialog: (angry)
12) 22) text: Get off me! D'Artagnan pushes Aramis aside. Aramis grabs d'Artagnan by the scruff of his neck and pulls him back.
12) 24) dialog: You fell on me!
12) 26) dialog: I suppose you'd like to teach me a lesson in manners, too.
12) 28) dialog: How's two o'clock behind the Luxembourg? Aramis bows politely.
12) 30) dialog: Three duels in one day. I love this town.
14) 34) text: The Seneschal steps aside as LOUIS XIII enters. He is surprisingly young, no older than d'Artagnan. His face is handsome and intelligent.
16) 0) text: D'Artagnan walks proudly toward the Carmes-Deschaux monastery, bold and brave, his future at hand. Suddenly.
16) 2) text: A speeding carriage bears down on him. D'Artagnan leaps from its path, stumbles. He looks up in time to see the passenger inside, and for a moment, time seems to stop.
21) 0) text: The monastery is a windowless building   bordered by a barren field, a dueling ground for men   who have little time to waste.  Athos sits on a stone   bench, waits for his adversary to arrive. His horse is    hobbled nearby. D'Artagnan rides INTO VIEW, dismounts.
21) 2) dialog: I have another appointment at one.
21) 4) dialog: I'll try my best to be on time. Athos appreciates the young man's retort, takes a closer look. Then he rises to his feet, the pain in his arm makes him wince.
21) 6) dialog: But you're wounded.
21) 11) dialog: If you'd rather kill me another time...
21) 13) text: Porthos and Aramis arrive on horseback. They dismount, view d'Artagnan with amazement. D'Artagnan reacts with similar surprise, smiles sheepishly.
21) 17) dialog: Excuse me, monsieur. But not until one o'clock.
21) 19) dialog: Yes, sir.   But not until two.
21) 21) dialog: I arrived this morning.
21) 23) dialog: I've also fallen in love.
21) 29) text: Athos and d'Artagnan separate as Jussac and his four swordsmen stride towards them.
21) 38) dialog: (interrupting) Excuse me, but there are four of us.
21) 39) text: They turn and regard d'Artagnan.
21) 44) dialog: I may not wear the uniform, but I believe I have the heart of a Musketeer.
21) 45) text: The three Musketters exchange smiles. D'Artagnan's youthful bravado manages a small dent in their cynicism.
21) 49) dialog: D'Artagnan.
21) 56) dialog: Pleased to meet you... How do you do?... Good to see you again...
21) 57) text: Meanwhile, Jussac and his Guards look on with increasing impatience. He clears his throat, draws his saber. The Musketeers turn toward the Guards, d'Artagnan standing among them.
21) 63) text: D'Artagnan and the Musketeers draw their swords... and charge.
21) 87) dialog: (to Athos) What's he doing?
21) 89) text: Porthos returns in high spirits, stashes the bolo in a pouch under his cloak. D'Artagnan sees the other weapons there, including a boomerang. Maybe next time.
21) 91) dialog: (a bold jest, given the circumstances) The Queen of America?
21) 98) dialog: I can't leave. I just got here.
21) 100) dialog: Why can't I stay with you?
21) 103) text: It's hard to say whether he's acting out of concern for the boy... or he simply doesn't give a damn. Whatever the case, d'Artagnan is crestfallen. The Musketeers mount their horses, Porthos and Aramis adopt a friendlier tone.
21) 107) dialog: Whatever happened to the motto of the Musketeers? 'All for one, and one for all.'
21) 113) text: But before Rochefort and the Guards can give chase, d'Artagnan rides into the middle of the field to challenge them, as if to further prove himself worthy of the blue and gold.
21) 114) dialog: (defiant) Long live the Musketeers.
21) 115) text: And d'Artagnan draws his saber.
21) 118) text: D'Artagnan gallops toward the Guards to engage them.    H races through PISTOL SHOTS like a demon possessed. Rochefort rides to the lead, draws his sword.
21) 120) text: And like two jousting knights, d'Artagnan and   Rochefort meet in the middle of the field. Their BLADES    connect with a resounding CLASH, d'Artagnan is knocked   clear of his saddle. He hits the ground with a painful    thud. Rochefort's Guards leap towards him.
21) 131) dialog: (exhausted)
21) 132) text: Thank you. The Guard clobbers d'Artagnan with the scabbard of his sword. The last thing d'Artagnan sees is the three Musketeers riding into the distance. Then the WORLD TILTS, GOES SUDDENLY BLACK.
23) 0) text: A chamber in hell. Spiders the size of rats, rats the size of small dogs. A foul stench in the air. D'Artagnan is sprawled in a corner, unconscious, on a filthy matted floor. The sharp tip of a sword pokes him in the chest. D'Artagnan wakes with a start, springs back into action. As if he was still battling Jussac at the Carmes-Deschaux He slaps the sword away, leaps to his feet, and reaches for his own. But it is gone.
23) 1) dialog: My sword --
23) 3) text: Rochefort steps INTO VIEW, the familiar eyepatch, admirin d'Artagnan's sword in his hands.
23) 4) dialog: (after a beat) It belonged to my father.
23) 6) text: Rochefort studies d'Artagnan for a long moment, then...
23) 8) dialog: I'm not dead yet.
23) 9) text: D'Artagnan starts forward. But Rochefort raises the sword, points it at his throat. D'Artagnan freezes, feels the sharp tip of the blade.
23) 11) text: Rochefort shoves d'Artagnan back to the floor with a heavy boot. A beat. D'Artagnan peers at his dismal surroundings.
23) 15) dialog: Where am I?
23) 17) dialog: (realizing) The Bastille! I'm in the Bastille!
23) 19) dialog: What do you mean?
23) 21) dialog: He interrupted a duel I was fighting.
23) 23) dialog: It was a long day.
23) 25) dialog: Who?
23) 27) text: D'Artagnan says nothing.     He will not betray them. Rochefort leans close.
23) 29) dialog: How?
23) 34) text: A long beat. D'Artagnan eyes the gleaming saber, forged in the Crusades. He nods, gestures for Rochefort to come closer. As if to impart a secret. Rochefort tilts downward, d'Artagnan rises up... and whispers.
23) 35) dialog: Give me my father's sword, and I'll cut out your heart.
23) 36) text: Bold words, bad timing. Rochefort snarls, slams the hilt of the sword into d'Artagnan's head. The youth slumps from the wooden stool to the floor, unconscious.
23) 38) text: Rochefort storms from the cell. He nods at a grizzled jailer on his way out, indicates the chains and manacles on the cell wall. The jailer scurries over to d'Artagnan, inert in a shallow puddle of foul water. He lifts, drags him toward the chains -- but d'Artagnan's eyes pop open, the jailer reacts with surprise, and...
24) 0) text: The jailer exits from d'Artagnan's cell, closes the heavy door behind him. A CLOSER look reveals d'Artagnan in the jailer's soiled tunic, eyes bright with adventure. He looks left and right -- dank corridors, darkness, the OCCASIONAL GROAN. And steps lightly into the shadows.
25) 0) text: D'Artagnan keeps step with the cloaked figure, the ret- inue. He keeps his head down, glances at the corridor ahead, looking for a way out. But the cloaked figure is escorted up a long stairway, into another hall, and toward a pristine wooden door. D'Artagnan watches as the door opens, revealing... Cardinal Richelieu, a fear- some apparition in red, the most powerful man in France. D'Artagnan's jaw drops. The cloaked figure steps inside. The jailers disperse. D'Artagnan takes steps as if to join them... then turns back, eyes the door, the Cardinal and the cloaked figure now behind it.
26) 0) text: D'Artagnan leaps back from the door as it opens, head down, shuffles to join the retinue of jailers as they RETURN TO VIEW. Milady, unrecognizable behind her cloak, steps into the corridor, the retinue escorts her forward. D'Artagnan falls into place, eyes down, eager for escape. Just then: a hand slams down upon his shoulder. D'Artagnan looks up into the face of Captain Rochefort.
28) 0) text: D'Artagnan lands with a thud at Richelieu's feet. Rochefort hisses:
28) 3) dialog: I can explain that --
28) 8) dialog: (busted)
28) 14) dialog: D'Artagnan.
28) 16) dialog: Yes, Your Eminence.
28) 18) dialog: I came to join the King's Musketeers.
28) 20) dialog: So I've heard.
28) 22) dialog: I'm honored, Your Eminence, but I don't think I would be very popular with the other men. Not after today.
28) 24) dialog: (surprised) You, Your Eminence?
28) 29) text: Richelieu's seeming kindness conceals a heart of ice. D'Artagnan sees it now, replies quietly. No longer in awe, but in opposition.
28) 30) dialog: I'm sorry. But I can't tell you what I do not know.
28) 32) dialog: What about my trial?
28) 34) text: Richelieu turns for the door, means to dismiss him. D'Artagnan calls after.
28) 35) dialog: Wait --
28) 37) dialog: Yes.   I like it where it is.
28) 42) dialog: I don't know.
28) 44) dialog: (after a beat) I wouldn't tell you.
28) 48) text: Rochefort steps into the room, grabs d'Artagnan roughly by the arm, hurls him from the chair to the floor. This time Richelieu does not utter protest. Instead, he turns to the Captain, commands:
28) 52) text: With that, Cardinal Richelieu sweeps into the dark. ON d'Artagnan for a beat. History's pawn.
29) 8) text: Down below, the horse cart reaches the scaffold. A man- at-arms drops the tailgate, d'Artagnan steps down. He is taken into the custody of a CAPTAIN OF THE GUARDS, and several men-at-arms carrying muskets.
29) 15) text: D'Artagnan regards the Priest whose face is hidden be- neath the brim of his broad black hat. He holds a large Bible in his hands.
29) 19) text: D'Artagnan's heart soars. He turns to face the execu- tioner. Porthos grins beneath the hood's overhang.
29) 21) text: Porthos lays his axe aside, approaches d'Artagnan in a threatening manner. He takes him by the scruff of the neck, and forces his head upon the chopping block. The crowd goes wild.
29) 35) text: She replies   with contempt, reins her horse away from th square, the   crowd, the executioner's axe. But Constance freezes in   place, eyes wide. As d'Artagnan, upon the cart, rolls   INTO VIEW.
29) 37) text: For just a moment, their eyes lock. Inestimable space between. Constance's eyes fill with tears, she watches d'Artagnan. Porthos steps back from d'Artagnan, raises his axe. D'Artagnan shuts his eyes, wonders, mutters a silent prayer. That's when screams of panic erupt from the crowd. D'Artagnan raises his head to see the source of this mayhem.
30) 14) dialog: (open the box, reacts) But...?
30) 16) text: D'Artagnan grabs a handful of coins, and tosses them into the air. Aramis smiles approval, drops back to the carriage interior. Pedestrians see the gold, shout, and leap after. Their hurried steps impede the Guards' pro- gress, horses rear up, soldiers tumble. But several of the Guards manage to avoid the obstacle, pursue the carriage with renewed determination. D'Artagnan hears a LOUD POPPING sound, ducks.
30) 17) dialog: They're firing at us!
30) 26) text: Porthos hands   the bottle to Athos. Athos hands the rein to d'Artagnan.    D'Artagnan struggles with the reins, tr to control the   horses. And beams, taking delight from every instant   of adventure. Athos SMASHES the top of th BOTTLE, drinks   deeply, settles back to enjoy himself.
30) 28) dialog: The next right...?
30) 30) text: Athos growls, d'Artagnan jerks at the reins. The carriage careens around the corner, tipping on two wheels.
31) 0) text: The carriage charges up a steep hill. At the summit, Atho tosses aside his bottle, takes the reins from d'Artagnan.
31) 5) dialog: But the Guards.
31) 6) text: D'Artagnan points to the bottom of the hill.       The mo Guards chase after, begin their ascent.
31) 8) text: D'Artagnan hurries to the horses. Porthos and Aramis climb from the cab. Porthos emits a contented belch.
32) 0) text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers rest against tree trunks in a hidden glade, polish off the last of the Cardinal's food and drink. Their usual cynicism replaced by something approaching camaraderie. Aramis smiles as d'Artagnan attacks a turkey wing.
32) 1) dialog: I haven't eaten in three days. I guess with all the excitement, I forgot.
32) 3) dialog: (he can't quite believe it)
32) 6) dialog: He was my father.
32) 12) dialog: (sadly) He died when I was nine.
32) 13) text: The mention of the elder d'Artagnan's death casts a pall. D'Artagnan continues, tentative, the memory still hurts.
32) 14) dialog: All my mother would tell me is that he died in the service of the King.
32) 17) text: D'Artagnan pales, stunned and silent.      He manages a broken whisper:
32) 18) dialog: This other Musketeer -- is he still alive? I'd like to talk to him.
32) 21) text: D'Artagnan isn't listening. He stands suddenly, turns, and walks away. He doesn't want the Musketeers to see the tears forming in his eyes. Aramis shouts after:
33) 0) text: D'Artagnan stands at a flowing stream, wipes the tears from his eyes. Aramis appears at his side, offers silent comfort, a hand on d'Artagnan's shoulder.
33) 1) dialog: (quietly) I imagined his death a hundred time.
33) 6) dialog: On a battlefield, defending his King. Fighting bravely for France. And now... I will find the man who murdered my father and kill him where he stands.
33) 8) dialog: But you never knew him...
33) 10) text: That's all the evidence Aramis requires.       D'Artagnan pauses to reflect. Then wonders:
33) 11) dialog: And your father?
33) 13) dialog: You didn't have one.
33) 16) dialog: You were a priest...
33) 23) dialog: And you became a Musketeer.
33) 25) dialog: But who was that man...
33) 27) text: D'Artagnan nearly jumps from his boots.
35) 0) text: The three Musketeers gather around d'Artagnan, listen to his story. In mid-telling:
35) 1) dialog: ... I couldn't hear it clearly, I was standing by the door, the voices were low --
35) 3) dialog: The Cardinal sent someone to England. With a secret treaty.
35) 5) dialog: He's made an alliance with a man named, Bucking... Buckingham.
35) 8) dialog: (nodding) Do you know him?
35) 15) dialog: What are we waiting for, let's go.
35) 19) dialog: Yes.
35) 22) dialog: Four.
35) 23) text: Bold words. D'Artagnan matures by leaps and bounds. Athos almost smiles.
36) 0) text: Fog drifts across    a lonely stretch of road. Suddenly: pounding HOOFBEATS    come over the scene. MUSIC SWELLS. And galloping out    of the fog come d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers,    riding hell-for-leather. HOLD ON thi heroic tableau for    a long beat.
37) 5) text: The Mercenaries raise their muskets, take aim. Right on cue, four horsemen come THUNDERING out of the mist. But just before they reach the bridge, the four horsemen break in half -- one pair rides to the left, the other to the right. Before the Mercenaries realize what's happened, the horsemen ride on either side, splashing through the shallow stream. In a flash, they return to the road, and race away. Having avoided the bridge completely. Cursing, the angry Mercenaries whirl about, FIRE at d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers as they ride into the night. Porthos' merry laugh drifts back to mock them.
38) 0) text: An overturned wagon lies in the ditch. Beer kegs litter the roadway. The wagon's driver, an old FARMER, sits on one of the kegs, holding his head. D'Artagnan and the Musketeers gallop INTO VIEW, rein their horses to a stop.
38) 2) text: D'Artagnan starts to dismount.
38) 4) dialog: He needs our help.
38) 12) text: D'Artagnan and the "Farmers" gape at Aramis in surprise.
38) 15) text: The Farmer laughs, contemptuously. He raises his pistol and aims it at Porthos' head. But before he can pull the trigger, THREE EXPLOSIONS ERUPT from under the cloaks of Athos, Porthos and Aramis. When the smoke clears, d'Artagnan is startled to see the three dead "Farmers" sprawled in the road and the three pistols emerging from beneath the cloaks of the Musketeers.
38) 18) text: Aramis swings out of the saddle and begins to perform last rites over the bodies. D'Artagnan still can't be- lieve what just happened. He turns to Porthos. Porthos raises the barrel to his lips and blows away the gunsmoke
39) 10) text: The sound of SLIDING STEEL as Athos, Porthos, Aramis and d'Artagnan draw their swords, ready to fight. They stand back to back in a circle, ready for attack. But there is no attack. Quite the contrary.       The peo here are thrilled to see them.
39) 23) text: Still no response.    Aramis and d'Artagnan hide smiles.
40) 5) dialog: Weak... weak.    Comical... clown.
40) 12) text: All turn to regard Aramis. He'll play along too. Porthos reacts with delight. D'Artagnan with interest. Aramis continues:
40) 23) text: The Barmaid, once skeptical, sits silently. Her face covered with tears. Aramis pauses, almost embarrassed by the outcome. He turns to d'Artagnan, cites:
40) 28) text: D'Artagnan looks at the dark-haired Barmaid across the room. Porthos urges him on.
40) 30) text: D'Artagnan steps forward. The dark-haired Barmaid sees him coming and smiles. D'Artagnan stands before her, hesitates, not sure where to start. Then, remembering as best he can:
40) 31) dialog: 'Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou are move lovely and more tempest, er, more tempered...' (beat) Ahh, to hell with it --
40) 32) text: D'Artagnan takes the Barmaid into his arms, delivers a powerful kiss. As previously demonstrated. Porthos and Aramis smile proudly. The Barmaids cheer.
40) 38) text: D'Artagnan drains his flagon, indicates Athos sitting at a table by himself, scowling, working on his third bottle of Burgundy.
40) 40) dialog: Why is he sitting by himself?
40) 44) dialog: Come join us.
40) 45) text: Athos pulls d'Artagnan down with a dark smile.     He fil his flagon for him.
40) 47) dialog: I'll drink anything you put in front of me.
40) 49) text: D'Artagnan notices the dark-haired Barmaid eyeing him across the room.
40) 53) dialog: Love?
40) 54) text: The word nearly makes Athos grimace. He stares at d'Artagnan for a long beat, then beyond. As if to look into another time and place. Finally:
40) 56) text: Athos' voice reveals unexpected vulnerability, the pain he keeps inside. D'Artagnan is fascinated, moved. He nearly whispers:
40) 57) dialog: Yes.
40) 60) dialog: Isn't that what people do when they fall in love?
40) 67) dialog: What?
40) 69) text: D'Artagnan reacts with shock.
40) 73) text: Athos now turns his unflinching gaze on d'Artagnan.
40) 80) dialog: He loved her.
40) 82) text: HOLD ON Athos for a long time.       As he gathers up his and puts it back again. Athos SMASHES open another BOTTLE. But the story has made d'Artagnan quite sober and a little sick to his stomach. He refuses another drink.
40) 93) dialog: Were we making too much noise?
41) 0) text: The sun rises, casts long shadows across a sparkling dew- wet field. D'Artagnan and the Musketeers ride INTO FRAME, continuing their journey to Calais. D'Artagnan squints ahead, wincing with every bump. Porthos grins.
41) 3) dialog: My head feels like it's filled with the King's marching band. Would you please stop whistling?
41) 8) dialog: Well someone is.
41) 14) text: Another BALL EXPLODES into the ground in front of them. Their horses rear up in fear, threatening to dump them out of their saddles. As the Musketeers and d'Artagnan struggle to control their horses, they look back and see an old castle atop a distant hill. A group of men operate two rusted cannons, left over from some long-forgotten war. The Musketeers barely calm their horses, when another BALL comes SCREAMING their way, IMPACTING a few feet away. As dirt rains upon them:
41) 16) dialog: I'm beginning to wish the Cardinal had chopped if off.
41) 18) text: Athos spurs his horse across the field, d'Artagnan and the Musketeers follow. But they discover crude battle- ments in their path. Athos changes direction, sees six horsemen waiting for them in the near distance. He changes direction again, as the horsemen charge after.
41) 23) text: D'Artagnan nods, thrilled to go with Athos.
41) 26) text: Athos and d'Artagnan take off in one direction, Porthos and Aramis in the other. The pursuing horsemen soon race INTO VIEW, break in half to give chase.
49) 0) text: Cool, clear water. WIDEN to reveal d'Artagnan and Athos at a shallow pond, watering their horses. The forest around them is dark and primeval.
49) 1) dialog: Do you think we've lost them?
49) 3) text: To the point, as always. D'Artagnan pauses to look at their beautiful surroundings, remembers:
49) 4) dialog: My father used to hunt in a forest like this. He promised to take me on my tenth birthday. I don't know why he picked that year. Something about a boy becoming a man. I'd lay in bed at night and imagine it, just the two of us. But he died before I could go with him.
49) 7) text: Only d'Artagnan is the hunted, not the hunter.
49) 8) dialog: I'd be proud to die for my King.
49) 10) text: Athos rides into the forest.    D'Artagnan hurries to follow.
50) 0) text: Athos leads d'Artagnan through the forest. Sunbeams shoot down through thick branches like golden bars. A pastoral setting, almost peaceful. And then: THUNDERING HOOFBEATS. Athos and d'Artagnan turn in surprise, see SIX HORSEMEN CRASHING through the glade.
50) 1) text: Athos and d'Artagnan GALLOP through the dense forest. The horesmen FIRE PISTOLS as they ride. A SHOT grazes d'Artagnan's shoulder, he staggers, retains his mount. Athos leads them up a hillside, a series of boulders at the top. The climb is fast and treacherous, GUNFIRE all around them. Athos' horse is struck by a bullet, stag- gers forward... and collapses just as they reach the crest. D'Artagnan leaps off his horse, takes cover with Athos behind the boulders. Athos takes aim, FIRES a SHOT, and kills one of the horsemen below. The others curse, leap from their mounts, seek cover. SHOTS WHIZ back and forth like angry hornets. Stalemate, but not for long. They are badly outnumbered. The horsemen creep slowly up the hillside, from tree to tree. Athos turns to d'Artagnan as he reloads:
50) 3) dialog: I can't leave you here. Not like this.
50) 5) dialog: Athos... I can't. Athos points his pistol at d'Artagnan.
50) 7) dialog: A duel then.
50) 12) dialog: We never finished the first.
50) 14) text: D'Artagnan nods. Athos FIRES off another SHOT. He produces a gold coin, flips, slams it between palm and hand. And looks between.
50) 15) text: Heads. D'Artagnan is to remain.       Athos looks up with missing a beat.
50) 17) text: Athos returns the coin to his doublet without giving d'Artagnan a chance to see.
50) 18) dialog: But...?
50) 19) text: Athos reloads, FIRES below. D'Artagnan recognizes the kindness he has received. That Athos cannot fully express it. And that there is no use arguing with him.
50) 20) dialog: At least take my pistol.
50) 23) text: There are tears in d'Artagnan's eyes.       He knows Atho hasn't got a chance.
50) 24) dialog: (a choke of emotion) I'll never forget you.
50) 28) dialog: He rides, straining to hear the sounds of GUNFIRE. As long as the SHOTS continue, he knows Athos is alive. Abruptly... the SHOTS CEASE. D'Artagnan swallows his heart, and rides.
51) 0) text: A lonely stretch of road, illuminated by moonlight. A signpost announces: CALAI 15 LEAGUES. An exhausted HORSE CLOPS INTO VIEW, its rider half-conscious in the saddle. It is d'Artagnan. He can barely keep his eyes open. Suddenly, d'Artagnan passes out, tumbles from his saddle, and lands in the middle of the road. He opens his eyes once -- a sky filled with stars -- then closes them. We hear HORSES, and the CREAK of a CARRIAGE APPROACHING. The DRIVER brakes, and the horses are brought to a halt just short of trampling d'Artagnan. In the darkness, we can make out other shapes, rugged men on horseback, bodyguards to the carriage's passenger. Milady de Winter.
51) 4) text: Pistols are cocked.    Henri's shadow falls across d'Artagnan's body.
51) 8) text: Strong hands grasp d'Artagnan and lift him from the cold ground.
51) 13) text: reveals the interior of a bed chamber at a roadside inn. D'Artagnan, regaining his senses, finds himself propped up in a large bed. He blinks into the face of Milady who sits at the edge. His eyes widen with recognition, faint awe.
51) 14) dialog: You.
51) 16) dialog: I... saw you in Paris. D'Artagnan notices that his shoulder has been bandaged. He looks around the large room. A FIRE ROARS in the grate. Food and drink have been set upon a table. D'Artagnan continues, still groggy, uncertain:
51) 17) dialog: Where am I...?
51) 19) dialog: (with a jolt)
51) 21) text: The ship... Tuesday at midnight... D'Artagnan leaps out of bed. Then realizes he is stark naked. Milady smiles. D'Artagnan gathers a bedsheet around him.
51) 22) dialog: (frantic)
51) 28) dialog: What day is it? What time?!
51) 29) text: D'Artagnan runs to a window, and throws open the shutters Beyond: the harbor lights of the Port of Calais.
51) 31) dialog: Nine?   Are you sure?
51) 34) text: D'Artagnan relaxes slightly.        Milady rises from the She wears a sky blue dressing       gown, something soft silken beneath it. D'Artagnan        reacts perceptibly. joying his discomfort, Milady       crosses the room, joi him at the window.
51) 36) dialog: (after a beat) How did I... get here?
51) 38) dialog: (nervous) My name is d'Artagnan.
51) 40) dialog: Countess?
51) 45) dialog: I'm sorry.
51) 47) text: She manages to combine sympathy, seduction, and just a hint of danger. All in a single reply. D'Artagnan hesitates, he is not immune to her charms, then:
51) 48) dialog: Countess, I'm very grateful for what you've done, but I can't stay here. I've got...
51) 50) dialog: Important business.
51) 52) dialog: No.
51) 54) dialog: Yes.   I need my clothes.
51) 56) dialog: An hour?
51) 58) text: Milady crosses to the table, food and drink upon it. As she passes by the fire, her dressing gown seems to disap- pear, revealing a silhouette that makes d'Artagnan's heart stop.
51) 62) dialog: (always innocent; never coy) I am... thirsty.
51) 65) text: D'Artagnan hesitates, then steps to her.
53) 0) text: A room as cold as the man who owns it. Behind Richelieu's desk, there is a life-sized portrait of the King. Rochefort occupies a window seat, cleaning d'Artagnan's sword. He lifts it to the light, and slashes the air. He stands, duels with an imaginary opponent. Richelieu enters with the message.
54) 0) text: D'Artagnan and Milady face each other on a rug in front of the roaring fire. The plate of food between them is empty. They drink wine from goblets. D'Artagnan drains his cup, and stares into the burning embers. Milady speaks quietly, with seeming compassion:
54) 2) dialog: I was thinking about my friends.
54) 3) text: Milady knows when to speak, and when to listen. She looks at d'Artagnan with gentle expression, allows him to continue. The warm room, the wine, her kindness. All conspire to loosen his tongue. D'Artagnan speaks quietly, from the heart:
54) 7) dialog: The three best friends a man could have. We were separated on our way to Calais. I'm afraid I'll never see them again.
54) 9) dialog: I'd like to tell you. But I can't.
54) 11) text: D'Artagnan nods. He wants to impress her. He wants her to know how brave he is. And Milady is well aware of it. She looks down, assumes a more vulnerable pose.
54) 13) dialog: (after a beat) All I can tell you is... I'm on a mission for the King.
54) 15) dialog: I'm serious.
54) 17) text: There is nothing a man is more loathe to experience than a woman who does not take him seriously. D'Artagnan acts accordingly, and reveals:
54) 21) dialog: I came to Calais to stop a spy from sailing to England.
54) 23) dialog: Yes.
54) 25) dialog: Musketeers are not afraid of anything.
54) 27) dialog: You did?
54) 29) dialog: A Musketeer is not afriad of danger.
54) 31) text: Her tone heralds a sudden shift. D'Artagnan sees the look in her eyes, can almost feel her lips upon him. But he resists. There is Constance's memory to consider. And midnight as it approaches.
54) 32) dialog: You're not dangerous.
54) 37) dialog: You're... beautiful.
54) 38) text: Milady covers him with caresses. D'Artagnan resists slightly, but she presses closer, she will not be denied. Milady leans close, runs a fingertip along     the line o his jaw. Her dressing gown falls open at      the top, en for d'Artagnan to see her breasts as they     press again the silk beneath it. Milady speaks as her      finger tra
54) 42) dialog: I'm sorry --
54) 43) text: D'Artagnan pulls back -- just as Milady's arm arcs down toward his neck, holding a long sharp stick pin, almost a dagger, attached to an ivory comb. D'Artagnan sees it in the nick of time, parries with his free hand, knocking the dagger to the rug. Milady leaps after it, hands out- stretched. D'Artagnan follows, battles for the dagger, stunned with fear and surprise:
54) 44) dialog: What're you doing?! Have you lost your mind?!
54) 46) text: D'Artagnan nearly chokes on the knowledge. Milady is the messenger he is seeking. He grabs the dagger, rolls to the side. Milady staggers after, the shoulder of her negligee rips open. D'Artagnan sees the soft white flesh, reacts with shock, recognition -- she bears the brand of the fleur de lis. The infamous mark of the murderess. Just as Athos told it to him.      Not so long ago.
54) 47) dialog: My God...
54) 52) text: The chamber door flies open. Henri and Parker, the Indo- Chinese bodyguard, appear. Parker faces d'Artagnan with a half-smile. He holds out his hands, both empty. And steps toward him. D'Artagnan looks at the dagger in his right hand. Then, unwilling to fight the man with an un- fair advantage, he tosses the dagger to the side, steps forward to meet him. Parker disposes of d'Artagnan with lightning speed. A series of unexpected kicks, brutally efficient blows. The young man is unfamiliar with, and no match for, the martial arts. Parker hoists d'Artagnan to his feet, dazed. Henri picks up the dagger with bad intentions. Milady straightens her dressing gown, adjusts her hair, and commands:
54) 54) text: Parker holds him fast. Henri steps forward.        And d'Artagnan thinks fast.
54) 55) dialog: You can kill me. But a surprise waits for you in England. That even Buckingham can't prevent.
54) 57) dialog: That's one thing I'll never tell you.
54) 59) text: D'Artagnan's expression reveals nothing. Except to suggest the existence of a secret he is bravely keeping. Duly deceived, though she doesn't know it, Milady changes her mind.
55) 0) text: Milady emerges from her room, dressed for travel. She is followed by d'Artagnan, now clothed. He is flanked by Henri and Parker. Henri presses the blade of a knife against d'Artagnan's side.
55) 5) text: They change directions. As he is pulled away, d'Artagnan catches a glimpse of Armand de Winter below.
57) 0) text: D'Artagnan and Parker  sit across from Milady. Her face betrays faint doubt,  apprehension. Emotions she is not used to feeling, let  alone displaying to the world aroun her. D'Artagnan sees   his opening... and speaks:
57) 1) dialog: The man at the inn... what did he want?
57) 4) dialog: Why?
57) 6) dialog: Did you murder your husband, Milady?
57) 8) dialog: I think he's not the first husband you killed. (off her look)
59) 0) text: The lights of the harbor are muted by low-hanging fog. We see the outline of a ship waiting at the pier. Henri helps Milady out of the carriage. D'Artagnan follows. Milady's bodyguards dismount, six of them. A motley bunch of sinister killers. They look around the pier, ready for any encounter. D'Artagnan takes in his surroundings.    There is a mel- ancholy air about him.
59) 2) dialog: My friends are dead.
60) 6) text: Milady nods to Henri. He steps up the narrow gangplank, followed by Milady, d'Artagnan, Parker, and the six bodyguards.
61) 9) text: That's when Porthos, and Aramis -- come swooping down from above like avenging angels. They swing on the ends of ropes, slicing through the air, then dropping feet first on top of Milady's Bodyguards. D'Artagnan stands open-mouthed, as his three friends draw their swords.
61) 14) dialog: Two of them.
61) 18) text: D'Artagnan grabs a sword from the deck, turns to join the fray. And finds himself face to face with Parker, the Indo-Chinese bodyguard. Parker has two Oriental swords spinning in his hands. One knocks d'Artagnan's sword out of his hand. D'Artagnan does a back flip but falls on the slippery deck. As Parker is about to chop d'Artagnan's head off, his face grimaces as he is lifted on a sword OUT OF FRAME. In the mist Athos is revealed!
61) 20) text: D'Artagnan almost cries with happiness.       He leaps to feet and embraces Athos.
61) 21) dialog: I thought you were dead.
61) 23) text: He winks at d'Artagnan, returns to the fray. D'Artagnan follows. The Musketeers confront Milady's evil Bodyguards in the night and fog. Athos with brutal perfection. Porthos with strange weapons and a healthy sense of the absurd. And Aramis with familiar grace and artistry -- and a marked determination to disable, not kill, his opponents. Milady views the latter with alarm. As the battle rages around her, she retreats into the shadows.
61) 28) dialog: What do you mean?
61) 30) text: One of the Bodyguards, who wears a wooden leg, attacks Athos. Athos kicks the false leg out from under him, knocks him to the deck. D'Artagnan repeats, even as he disables his own foe.
61) 31) dialog: Find the weakness. Take advantage. Got it.
63) 5) text: With a collective "yah!" the two Sailors drop their daggers, and flee into the foggy night. Porthos looks about to see if anyone noticed their exit. D'Artagnan grins nearby.
63) 7) dialog: Porthos the Pirate?
63) 9) text: Every Musketeer is running from something or someone. D'Artagnan deadpans:
63) 10) dialog: I love a good sea story.     Do tell me sometime.
63) 11) text: Porthos reacts to d'Artagnan's jest. But before he can reply, the youth has bolted back to the fray.
63) 15) dialog: Yes.
63) 17) dialog: Athos.   The spy... is a woman.
63) 22) text: Athos turns to d'Artagnan, wonders. And at that moment, sees a figure at the gangplank, swathed in fog and diffus light. Milady. Time stops as they regard each other across the deck, the battle between.
65) 21) text: As d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis arrive on the scene...
66) 0) text: The public room is empty, save for d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers. They gather around a table. Aramis holds the treaty in his gloved hand. The mood is somber and tense.
66) 7) dialog: A demonstration? What does that mean?
66) 11) text: D'Artagnan, Aramis, and Porthos watch in grim silence as Athos crosses the room to an imposing door.
68) 0) text: A hundred feet below, waves crash on a rocky shore. On the jagged cliff above, a black mass of trees is outlined against a stormy sky filled with copper-colored clouds, surreal in effect. A sinister procession approaches the cliff. Porthos leads Milady. She wears a simple white shift, her hair pulled back into a long braid. She looks years younger, the girl she used to be. The Executioner walks behind them. Followed by Armand de Winter, Aramis, d'Artagnan. And Athos. He watches every step. The procession stops at the cliff's edge. THUNDER RUMBLES. Lightning slashes the sky. The Executioner ties Milady's hands behind her. The Executioner removes a bright scimitar from beneath his cloak. Milady catches Athos' eye. He holds her gaze. He stares at Milady unflinchingly, as if to burn her image into his eyes, so that he might keep it there until the day he dies. Aramis reaches inside his cloak, removes the sacred priestly cloth he carries.
68) 27) text: D'Artagnan sadly lowers his head. Porthos puts a consoling hand on his shoulder. Aramis stands to the other side, mutters:
68) 30) text: D'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis turn. Athos has regained his former self. Stoic, in command. And hiding a broken heart.
70) 0) text: D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers thunder through on horseback. Pedestrians scurry to get out of their way. As they ride past, Porthos raises a crossbow and fires it. The arrow slices through the air with a terrible hum and imbeds itself on the public wall. Attached to the arrow is a piece of parchment, like the one in d'Artagnan's father's study. It reads: All For One, And One For All.
78) 0) text: The streets leading to the Palace are clogged with people, all pushing and straining to get closer. D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers arrive on horseback, are forced to dismount. They push through the crowd, trying to reach the Palace, afraid that they will be too late. Athos barks orders as they struggle forward:
78) 2) dialog: But...?
78) 4) text: Athos and the others press on. D'Artagnan, a little disappointed to be left behind, pauses, checks the buildings that loom overhead. Then he starts, reacts with shock and surprise.
80) 0) text: Bell ropes, hundreds of feet long, dangle down the vertiginous shaft. D'Artagnan races up the narrow, circular stairs. Above him is the open trap to the bell tower. He catches a glimpse of the marksman, back turned, taking aim.
83) 0) text: D'Artagnan hears the click of the musket's hammer, and knows he must act now. He  looks around and sees his chance. D'Artagnan leaps  off the stairs and grabs a handful of rope, using his weight to RING the BELL overhead.
87) 0) text: D'Artagnan scrambles up through the trapdoor, and tackles the marksman. As the BELL CONTINUES TO CLANG, they fight hand-to-hand. The marksman forces d'Artagnan toward the edge of the tower. Two hundred feet to the ground below. They remain deadlocked for a beat, the marksman inching d'Artagnan backward, certain death behind him. And at the last moment, d'Artagnan summons up the strength of three -- and shoves the marksman backward with a resound- ing kick. The marksman stumbles, falls through the open trapdoor, and plunges to his death. D'Artagnan peers down the shaft. There's a faint CRASH as the marksman hits bottom. Utilizing the bell ropes like a fireman's pole, d'Artagnan grabs hold and slides down into the abyss.
88) 5) text: Kill him. Kill her, too. Rochefort draws d'Artagnan's sword from its sheath. He advances on Louis and Anne. Louis has witnessed the latter, treason confirmed. He raises his own sword, prepared to protect his Queen. To die for her if necessary.
88) 20) dialog: This sword belongs to me.
88) 21) text: D'Artagnan stoops to pick up his long-lost sword. He tosses his other saber to Rochefort, who catches it neatly. Athos watches from a short distance, knows this moment belongs to d'Artagnan. He will not intervene. But he shouts:
88) 23) text: These are d'Artagnan's words. A son vowing to avenge the death of his father. D'Artagnan wonders. Rochefort confirms.
88) 25) dialog: (stunned by the revelation as it unfolds) What...?
88) 27) text: Rochefort smiles a taunt.     D'Artagnan raises his sword whispers to heaven.
88) 28) dialog: This is for you, Father.
88) 29) text: Then, eyes blazing, d'Artagnan attacks Rochefort with everything he's got, driving him into an adjoining chamber.
88) 35) text: But d'Artagnan remembers Athos' advice. "Always find your enemy's weakness." He shoves a thumb into Rochefort's good eye. Rochefort stumbles backward. D'Artagnan plunges his sword into Monsieur Cyclops's heart.
88) 36) dialog: Take it back...?
88) 38) text: Rochefort crumples to the floor, dead. D'Artagnan looks at Rochefort's blood on his sword. His father's death finally avenged. That's when he hears the RUSTLE of a SILKEN ROBE. D'Artagnan pivots, sees Richelieu kneeling at Rochefort's body... extracting the treaty from his doublet.
88) 39) dialog: No!!
88) 40) text: Richelieu smiles,   hurls the treaty into the blazing fireplace. As the    flames begin to lick at the parchmen paper, d'Artagnan   flies past the Cardinal, and dives after to retrieve   it.
89) 0) text: A short time later. The battle is over. The Musketeers have won. On the dais, Louis and Anne confront Richelieu who is a prisoner now, guarded by several Musketeers. Louis holds the recovered treaty in his hands. D'Artagnan and the three Musketeers stand nearby.
89) 14) text: A tremendous cheer is heard from all. Richelieu is led from the room. He pauses in front of d'Artagnan.
89) 16) dialog: (unphased) Thank you, Your Eminence.    I'll be watching you, too.
89) 19) text: Porthos puts a hand on d'Artagnan's shoulder.
89) 22) text: D'Artagnan's heart pounds as he draws closer to King and Queen. Then he remembers, reaches into his doublet. And turns to the Queen.
89) 23) dialog: I have something that belongs to ... Your Majesty...
89) 24) text: D'Artagnan produces the bracelet he found on the country road. He holds it out to her. The King wonders, the Queen smiles.
89) 29) text: Anne indicates Constance, who steps forward, INTO VIEW. D'Artagnan and Constance lock eyes for the third time. The thrill of recognition, the promise of romance, charges between. D'Artagnan slips the bracelet around her wrist. Constance kisses him on the cheek. Louis continues:
89) 31) text: D'Artagnan knows what he wants. But he is tongue-tied, unable to ask for it. Athos asks for him.
89) 33) text: D'Artagnan looks at Athos, thankful for the intercession. Louis answers with pleasure.
89) 35) text: D'Artagnan drops to his knees. Louis lays the blade of his sword on each of his shoulders.
89) 41) text: D'Artagnan stands, transformed from boy to man. BELLS RING in the distance. Constance smiles brightly, tears gleam in her eyes. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis surround their young friend, and happily present him with the bright blue tunic of the Musketeers. They slip the tunic over d'Artagnan's head, react with a cheer. D'Artagnan hugs each of the three. For each has given him gifts more valuable than gold. Porthos, Aramis, and last... Athos.       Who, to the sur of all who know him... smiles.
89) 46) text: D'Artagnan basks in their company, wonders aloud.
89) 47) dialog: I know this is a stupid question. But what exactly does a Musketeer do?
89) 56) dialog: All for one...