29) 0) text: BELLS TOLL. A motley crowd gathers around the execution scaffold, held back by men-at-arms. A hooded executioner mounts the steps of the scaffold in the company of a PRIEST. The Priest wears a black cassock and a broad black sombrero. The executioner, a large man, raises his axe and touches the end of the blade, cutting his finger. Razor-sharp. The executioner holds up his bloody thumb.
29) 35) text: She replies   with contempt, reins her horse away from th square, the   crowd, the executioner's axe. But Constance freezes in   place, eyes wide. As d'Artagnan, upon the cart, rolls   INTO VIEW.
67) 0) text: A fire burns in the grate. Milady sits beside it in a chair, staring into the glowing embers. Their hot re- flection dances in her pale blue eyes. There is a KNOCK at the door. Armand de Winter emerges from a dark corner of the room where he has been standing guard with an impassive executioner. He crosses to the door, opens it. And Athos steps inside.
68) 0) text: A hundred feet below, waves crash on a rocky shore. On the jagged cliff above, a black mass of trees is outlined against a stormy sky filled with copper-colored clouds, surreal in effect. A sinister procession approaches the cliff. Porthos leads Milady. She wears a simple white shift, her hair pulled back into a long braid. She looks years younger, the girl she used to be. The Executioner walks behind them. Followed by Armand de Winter, Aramis, d'Artagnan. And Athos. He watches every step. The procession stops at the cliff's edge. THUNDER RUMBLES. Lightning slashes the sky. The Executioner ties Milady's hands behind her. The Executioner removes a bright scimitar from beneath his cloak. Milady catches Athos' eye. He holds her gaze. He stares at Milady unflinchingly, as if to burn her image into his eyes, so that he might keep it there until the day he dies. Aramis reaches inside his cloak, removes the sacred priestly cloth he carries.
68) 4) dialog: I forgive you for your crimes. Die in peace.
68) 9) text: The Executioner's sharp blade shines in the light of dawn.
68) 10) dialog: On your knees.
68) 11) text: Milady kneels, the Executioner steps closer. The tableau silhouetted against a reddish glow on the horizon. The Executioner brushes Milady's braid from her neck, exposing the soft white skin beneath. He raises the scimitar overhead, and just as he is about to bring it down... a cry is heard, torn from the heart:
68) 13) text: Athos grabs the Executioner's wrist, and twists the scimitar loose. It falls to the ground.
68) 14) dialog: What's this...?
68) 25) text: And with that, Milady reaches forward, offers a gentle kiss. Then, as Athos and the others look on, stunned, uncertain... she takes a backward step, finds the cliff's edge... and steps over it. The Executioner rushes to look after. The others follow. Except for Athos, who remains rooted in place, eyes on the distant horizon. A long silence. THUNDER RUMBLES.
68) 26) dialog: God's justice be done.