51) 2) dialog: There's a body in the road, Milady.
51) 4) text: Pistols are cocked.    Henri's shadow falls across d'Artagnan's body.
51) 5) dialog: It's a young man. He appears to be injured.
54) 52) text: The chamber door flies open. Henri and Parker, the Indo- Chinese bodyguard, appear. Parker faces d'Artagnan with a half-smile. He holds out his hands, both empty. And steps toward him. D'Artagnan looks at the dagger in his right hand. Then, unwilling to fight the man with an un- fair advantage, he tosses the dagger to the side, steps forward to meet him. Parker disposes of d'Artagnan with lightning speed. A series of unexpected kicks, brutally efficient blows. The young man is unfamiliar with, and no match for, the martial arts. Parker hoists d'Artagnan to his feet, dazed. Henri picks up the dagger with bad intentions. Milady straightens her dressing gown, adjusts her hair, and commands:
54) 54) text: Parker holds him fast. Henri steps forward.        And d'Artagnan thinks fast.
55) 0) text: Milady emerges from her room, dressed for travel. She is followed by d'Artagnan, now clothed. He is flanked by Henri and Parker. Henri presses the blade of a knife against d'Artagnan's side.
55) 1) dialog: The bodyguards are waiting outside.
56) 0) text: Milady's coach emerges from the carriage house, speeds away in the direction of the harbor. In the driver's seat, Henri whips the horses, driving them onward. Milady's seven bodyguards follow on horseback.
59) 0) text: The lights of the harbor are muted by low-hanging fog. We see the outline of a ship waiting at the pier. Henri helps Milady out of the carriage. D'Artagnan follows. Milady's bodyguards dismount, six of them. A motley bunch of sinister killers. They look around the pier, ready for any encounter. D'Artagnan takes in his surroundings.    There is a mel- ancholy air about him.
60) 0) text: Henri calls out to the ship, which is little more than an outline in the fog, her boarding gangplank leading to the soupy darkness of her deck.
60) 1) dialog: We are the Countess de Winter's party, arrived from Paris. Permission to come aboard. There is no reply.    Closely guarded by Parker, d'Artagn strains to see.
60) 6) text: Milady nods to Henri. He steps up the narrow gangplank, followed by Milady, d'Artagnan, Parker, and the six bodyguards.
61) 0) text: The deck is filled with swirling fog. Henri peers into the gloom as he climbs aboard, followed by the others. He addresses one of the crew, a tall figure standing nearby.
61) 1) dialog: Take us to your captain.
61) 3) dialog: What are you, deaf?
61) 4) text: Henri goes to shake the man. He grabs his arm, and the man pitches forward, falling face first on the deck. Henri jumps back in alarm. Milady and the others react.