7) 3) dialog: Not so, Ursulina. My ardor is yet as warm as the embers of this brasier... The embers of thish brasier... Goddamn, that’s tough. Yet as warm as the embersh of this brasier... Not so, Urshulina... The continuing pull back reveals the two extras standing either side of the door. The bald one nods at the short o 17. At the nod, the short extra knocks.
7) 5) dialog: (slurred) Not so, Ursulina— He pitches forward into the ready arms of the togaed men.
18) 2) dialog: What truth to these mutterings, Sestimus... He subsides to snoring.
21) 0) text: There is a dull clunk and we are close on Baird Whitlock, opens his eyes. Wider: Baird in his centurion’s wardrobe reclining on the beach chaise. The sound of ocean outside. The clunk has punctuated an ongoing machine-hum which continues, cycling louder and softer, its loudest approac always punctuated by a clunk. The lawn chair makes tacky noises as Baird disengages fro it. He stiffly sits up. He gazes stupidly about, looking the depth of the room: where am I? He twists to look behind himself, lawn chair crackling, a does a modest take: out the window is the Pacific Ocean. Another clunk and receding machine hum. Baird registers t noise, gets to his feet and walks to the door. It is clos He reaches for the knob. He tries the knob. It turns. He through the door.
22) 3) dialog: ... Maybe.
22) 8) dialog: Thank you. Uh... 46. The men look to him, waiting for him to bring out his thought. Herman helps:
22) 10) dialog: Yeah. The dog has subsided and comes over to sniff at Baird’s sword.
22) 12) dialog: .-. Tea. Well. Okay. Okay. And... and—
22) 14) dialog: Yeah.
22) 16) dialog: So... I missed the minutes.
22) 19) dialog: Uh-huh. And—what kind of meeting—exactly—
22) 22) dialog: And you're studying... ? 47.
22) 28) dialog: Well... I’m... I’m not really a student of history.
23) 2) dialog: Thank you. So man is... split?
23) 13) dialog: But if I—sure, thank you—if I follow this, correctly, you— (eye caught by man with camera) Who’s he?
23) 19) dialog: Okay, so you guys are for the little guy.
23) 21) dialog: Are you joking? Me, for the little guy? Of course I’m for the little guy! Is this guy a comedian?
23) 23) dialog: Act?
23) 25) dialog: What?
23) 27) dialog: Yeah yeah, act yeah, but—sorry fellas, this is good stuff, but—I oughta get back to work, they must be goin nuts—can we cut it off and pick it up right here at the next study session? The clatter subsides to quiet. Cautious looks are exchang among the men. Herman, gazing at Baird and nodding, thinking, finally fr his opening:
33) 0) text: Raucous male laughter hits the cut. The men are emerging the hall into the main room, Baird and Herman in the lead Baird's arm draped companionably over Herman’s shoulder.
33) 1) dialog: So I feel someone poking me and I wake up and it’s Clark and he says, "Well, her keys weren't in there so I guess we're walkin’!” Roaring laughter from the Communists.
33) 2) dialog: This was back before Gable was Gable. The men make themselves comfortable in the living room wi its view of the crashing surf. It is now late day; a red hangs beyond the jagged rocks at the mouth of the cove. Baird is lost in misty reminiscence: 69.
33) 3) dialog: We used to go to San Berdoo every weekend, Bob Stack would come sometimes, the Blue Grotto was still open—Dave Chasen was a busboy... (the dramatic view finally registers) Quite a place! Yours?
33) 5) dialog: Uh-huh, that’s swell. So I black out, wake up here and I’m thinking, Baird, you have got to stop doing this! (laughter) But you’re saying, actually, technically I’ve been... kidnapped. Again, agreeable laughter from the Communists. Herman smi as well.
33) 7) dialog: And there’s gonna be a ransom.
33) 16) dialog: Oh, you know—the studio takes care of me.
33) 22) dialog: (getting it, nodding) Oh! Yeah. Uh-huh.
33) 27) dialog: Uh-huh. Sure. Good. Good stuff. So—do I get a share of the ransom? Chuckles all around. Herman gives a weak smile.
33) 29) dialog: Well, I don’t know if that’s fair, fellas! The whole set-up only works if I play along, right, if I don’t let on I know who kidnapped me?
33) 31) dialog: So what if I don’t play along? What if I named names? The smiling faces around him harden. Baird, committed, plows on:
33) 32) dialog: «+. Just... told the truth? The alienation is palpable. Herman alone seems unruffled:
38) 4) dialog: Herb—Herb!—That’s exactly what I was talking about, that’s what happened when I went to Reno with Danny Kaye and he asked me to shave his back! Exact same thing! Because I'm thinking—who benefits? Also, I gotta tell ya, everyone thinks Danny is a jerk but he’s not really a jerk, it’s just the theory generating its own anti-theory... Professor Marcuse’s brow furrows as he tries to follow Baird’s point. ... So there we are, me and Danny, and I’m wondering what the hell I’m doing with this razor and he says it’s for a part in a Norman Taurog picture but Judy Canova is there and she knows Norman and she says Danny’s not doing a Norman Taurog picture—he just wants you to shave his back! And that’s who benefits! INT. GRAUMAN’S CHINESE - NIGHT
45) 0) text: Onscreen: we pull Baird Whitlock, in his Roman tribune's wardrobe, as he marches angrily up a line of parched and dusty slaves clamoring for water. Baird curses and exclai “Romans before slaves!” as he bats aside those waiting. As he reaches the front of the line our pull back has bro into frame the man giving out water with a dipper. This m whom we see only from behind, wears a simple robe and has perfectly arranged shoulder-length blond hair, slightly w gl. Baird/Autolochus—once more exclaiming “Roman's before slaves!”—intercepts the dipper which the blond man is handing to a slave. Autolochus is about to drink himself when he takes in the countenance of the blond water-giver Something in the man's face and manner strikes Autolochus mightily. He takes a staggering step backward, in awe. Close on Baird, his face displaying progressive waves of puzzlement, hope, and ineffable wonder. A flash frame and a slate for “Hail, Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Two.” Baird steps back into close shot with the dipper again, n displaying waves of puzzlement, ineffable wonder, some aw then back to ineffable wonder. We hear an offscreen “Cut!” but before the flash frame Ba relaxes, his eyeline shifting as he calls out:
45) 1) dialog: Wuddya think a that one, was that, uh, enough, awe, or—
45) 3) dialog: More, you mean more— “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Three.” Baird steps back into frame in awe.
45) 4) dialog: Hold it, sorry, wait a minute, lemme do it again. He steps forward then immediately steps back into frame i awe. A squinting bit of wonder.
45) 6) dialog: Was that, uh, I don’t know. That one didn’t really have a center.
45) 8) dialog: Hang on. His eyes leave the eyeline. He looks down, arranges his features in an expression of unutterable awe, and then je his look back up to the eyeline, expression locked in pla A long hold, expression steady: unutterable awe. Finally, hissing out of his locked jaw as he maintains th look:
45) 9) dialog: Howziss. Wuddya hink.
45) 13) dialog: (from screen) Was that, uh, was that—should I get to the wonderment faster?
45) 16) dialog: (from screen) Todd, you can—you just look like an imbecile mushed up against the camera, can you—-Sam, Todd can step out, I’1l just take an eyeline at the corner of the matte box. I'll hand the dipper back to, uh, to, uh, camera guy. From screen: “Hail Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Seven.”
45) 18) dialog: (from screen) Was that—I’m sorry, did you see that, I felt like I had some spittle. Maybe Todd should step back in.
51) 3) dialog: Hobie Doyle? You’re a Communist too? Hobie looks around, looks back at Baird. A beat.
51) 5) dialog: Y’ever been in this place? Pretty nice, huh? Just found out it’s Burt Gurney’s! Hobie is not really interested. He looks around a bit mor trying to make sense of it all.
51) 7) dialog: Everyone else went down to the beach.
52) 10) dialog: In Hobie’s car they make the right turn from the beach ac road to head south on the coast highway. Hobie hums “Lazy Moon" as he drives; Baird gazes placidly out. Baird is struck by a thought. He looks at his watch, winc
52) 11) dialog: Late. I am in the doghouse. Hobie glances at him as Baird thinks.
52) 12) dialog: Know what, better forget my place. Drop me at the Beverly Hills Hotel—that okay?
52) 14) dialog: Huh!
54) 4) dialog: So I’m thinkin’, “What the hell! I’ve woken up in strange houses before but never without a broad next to me!” Eddie glares.
54) 6) dialog: These guys were pretty interesting, though. They've actually figured out the laws that dictate, well—everything, history, sociology, politics, morality. Everything. It's all in a book called “Kapital.”
54) 8) dialog: Uh-huh. With a K. And you’re not gonna believe this, but it even explains the stuff we do here at the studio. Because the studio is actually nothing more than an instrument of capitalism!
54) 10) dialog: So it blindly follows these laws just like any other institution, the laws that these guys’ve figured out. The studio makes pictures to serve the system, that’s its function, that’s really what we're all up to, here.
54) 12) dialog: Yeah, we're just confirming what they call the “status quo.” I mean, we might tell ourselves we're “creating” something of artistic value, that there’s some kinda spiritual dimension to the picture business, but what it is, is this fat cat Nick Schenk out in New York running a factory that makes these lollypops to pacify the—wWHOOF! grabbed Baird by the breastplate and hauled him to He now slaps him, forehand and backhand: Slap! BAIRD (CONT’D) What th— Eddie pulls him chest-to-chest and holds him there so tha may stare straight into his eyes as the words pour out:
54) 14) dialog: But Eddie, I didn’t— Slap! Slap!
54) 19) dialog: (blubbering) Okay Eddie, I won’t forget it. The manhandling and Eddie’s harsh tone have brought Baird tears. Eddie releases his fistful of Romanwear with a sho that sends Baird staggering backward.
54) 21) dialog: Okay, Eddie. Eddie reseats himself behind his desk. Baird is reaching the doorknob but Eddie stops him with a sharp:
58) 14) dialog: Faith! Faith? Not, um—
58) 16) dialog: Goddamnit. Sorry, I’1l get it, don’t worry.