30) 6) dialog: Can ya beat it.
30) 8) dialog: Oh, we’re headin’ out to sea... The production number “No Dames!” begins.
32) 4) text: Come here, Burt Gurney. We go again.
32) 6) dialog: Anything different, Mr. Seslum?
32) 9) dialog: (genuine) Gosh, Mr. Seslum, I don’t mind, if he wants me to—
32) 12) dialog: Hello, Mr. Mannix!
47) 0) text: Hobie exits the club just in time to see the passing-by vehicle of Burt Gurney. Hobie hurries to his car and driver waiting curbside.
52) 0) text: The Communist writers man both sides of a longboat, glove on, pulling hard at the oars. Burt Gurney stands in the prow gazing forward, rather lik George Washington crossing the Delaware but with a yappin dog in the crook of one arm. 100. Now his look turns to one side. His point-of-view: his beach house is coming into view fr behind one of a pair of jagged rocks between us and shore
52) 1) dialog: Easy... The writers row more slowly as the house centers up betwe the rocks.
52) 2) dialog: Here! The writers back-paddle to stop the boat. It settles so a show the house perfectly centered between the two snaggle rocks. Satisfied with the boat’s position, Burt Gurney looks abo the vast and empty sea. He looks at his watch: midnight. A writer occasionally dips an oar for a short front- or b stroke, keeping the boat in position. The boat dips and b water slapping on wood. An occasional yap from the dog. Long beat. A huge roar. Seething water. Ocean surface just by the longboat roils mightily—and is breached. A huge black column rises, rises, rises from the sea. The writers give voice to an awed “Oh...” The column stops rising. The roaring of great engines, and the angry hiss of water streaming from the column, subsides to... near-silence. J the gentle chug of idling engines and the faint bleep. bl bleep. of sonar. Waves slosh feebly against the imposing black column: the conning tower of a submarine. The metallic screek-screek-screek of a hatch being opened The sound moves the dog to more yapping. Burt Gurney hands the dog to one of the forward writers. BURT (CONT’D) Take care of him. 101. He leaps from the longboat to the sub, grabbing brackets in a vertical line up its side: a ladder. Before he can climb, though, writers’ voices exclaim “Tell him!” “Give to him!” “Give the speech!” HERMAN’S VOICE Comrade! Burt turns, twisting from the ladder to look back a the longboat. Herman rises in front. A ripple of motion goes through th writers behind him: something is being passed forward.
52) 7) dialog: They will be pleased. 102. The dog, whining and writhing in discontent in the arms o the writer in charge of him, finally breaks free and leap yapping toward his master. Burt reflexively drops the case to grab the arriving dog. The case hits the water and dipsy-doodles down, down, dow into murkiness. The writers give a unison dismayed “Oh...” Burt Gurney, angled out from the ladder, gazes down at th spot where the case is disappearing. A long looking beat. Finally, a small arch of his eyebrow—his only comment on life’s unpredictability. He swings his body back in again the sub and climbs one-handed, holding the dog. A man wearing a sable cap waits at the top. When Burt arr the waiting man hands him a sable cap. Burt puts it on an gazes down at the longboat. BURT (CONT’D) Professor! Will you join me? Marcuse, near the back of the boat, gestures faintly with pipe.