37) 3) dialog: Am I late? He coils the rope.
37) 5) dialog: Well, thank you, Hobie. I’m sure I'll like the picture—I like all of your pictures.
37) 7) dialog: Oh no, anyone can do it, is all inna hips anna-lips anna-eyes anna- thighs! She finishes with a kick and a head-tip that launches the purse backwards off her head to be grabbed by one hand be her back. INT. MANNIX’S KIDS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT We hear a door opening and hallway light fans onto an adorable little girl asleep in bed. Eddie looks down at her, smiles, stoops to adjust the dol she holds against her face. He rises to gaze down for ano beat, then moves. The opposite bed: an adorable little boy. Eddie eases the askew coonskin cap off of the boy, stands looking down. Top of the boy’s wardrobe. Baseball pennants are on the w behind it. Eddie’s hands enter to place a soaring airplan a peg on a pedestal. Top of the girl’s wardrobe. Dolls are seated on it leanin against the wall. Eddie’s hands enter to place a folded maroon uniform, and, on top of the uniform, a maroon cap “Stewardess” stiched in gold. INT. MANNIX’S KITCHEN - NIGHT Eddie is at a plateful of dinner. His wife bustles as he eats.
46) 0) text: An orchestra plays “Every Now and Then.” Carlotta laughs, across a table from: Hobie, hunched forward, very intent on what he is doing, body jiggling. Wider: he has a strand of spaghetti and is doing rope tri with it.
46) 5) dialog: How’d you get into pictures, Hobie?
46) 7) dialog: You’re awfully cute.
46) 10) dialog: Every now and then... The two sing together but Hobie suddenly freezes, seeing something. Long-lens point of view: a bulging attaché case bound aro the middle by a shiny black belt. It rests beside a semi- circular booth, half the throw of the restaurant away. Whoever has the case is hidden by his high-backed booth. back is to us: the side of one leg juts out as does one elbow, active as he eats.
46) 14) dialog: Yes, we're friends, we’re—
46) 25) dialog: And Hobie and I are fixin t’be friendly! 97. Thora’s baleful look swings onto her. It holds for a long moment. Then a squint: