20) 5) dialog: Mix a hell of a mai-tai. I like this place. The men seat themselves facing each other.
20) 7) dialog: Nothing to apologize for—we said the offer was on the table for a week. Cuddahy has noted Eddie eyeing his cigarettes. He picks u the pack and offers with a hitch of the wrist that sends cigarettes nosing out of the top of the foil.
20) 8) dialog: Go ahead.
20) 10) dialog: The deadline was tomorrow, but, frankly, we were surprised not to get a quick yes. I just wanted to see if there was some impediment we could help with, or if something in the offer isn’t clear?
20) 12) dialog: We want to make it easy for you to say yes. Look Mannix, we need a guy with your talents in management, problem-solving. And you need to think about the future. Lockheed is booming—it’s reflected in the offer we made you. Everyone is riding in airplanes, and we're moving into jet airplanes. It’s a new age, Mannix, and we’re part of it; the industry you're in—what’s the future there? What happens when everybody owns a television set? Will they still be going to pictures every week?
20) 14) dialog: I don’t mean to denigrate; I’m sure the picture business is pretty damned interesting. But it’s also pretty frivolous, isn’t it? Aviation is serious; serious business, serious people. (MORE )
20) 16) dialog: You won’t be babysitting a bunch of oddballs and misfits, shouldering a lot of crackpot problems from people who—
20) 18) dialog: Course they’re kooks, it’s all make- believe! (quick grimace and smile; he leans back) I told myself I wasn’t gonna badmouth the competition, and looka me. Sorry, Mannix, I’1l stick to what we’re about. Lemme show you something. (digs in a pocket) Ever heard of the Bikini Atoll?
20) 20) dialog: It was a test site, couple of rocks in the South Pacific—till a few weeks ago. Then we blew the Aitch- erino. Not supposed to be telling you this. (hands Eddie a picture) The real world. Hydrogen bomb. Fusion device.
20) 23) dialog: And Lockheed was there. We had a— He cuts himself off. A splash of the bead curtain.
36) 2) dialog: Thanks for coming back, Mannix. 80.
36) 4) dialog: (chuckling) You're taking us down to the wire, aren’t ya?
36) 6) dialog: Absolutely! No foul. But the board was concerned when I couldn’t give ‘em a yes this afternoon, and they've authorized me to say this. You sign on, your term of contract is ten years. Eddie gives a low whistle. Cuddahy nods. Yeah. You get it, right? That means your stock options are guaranteed to vest. You’d never have to work again if you chose to retire after your term. Think about it: lifetime employment; you wouldn’t be a glorified working stiff like you are now. And you'll be running a business, not a circus. Drink? (notices Eddie's look) Cigarette? Cuddahy proffers the pack which Eddie has been eyeing. Ed hesitates, shakes his head.
36) 8) dialog: Course you should. Talk it over, think about your family, let us know in the morning. Oh! (grinning, produces two packages ) Now, if you think this is a bribe, you're absolutely right. Two kids, right, boy and a girl? They love this stuff. Used to be trains. 81.