16) 26) dialog: Oh, Monty! Come join me on the divan! Briefest who-me confusion from Hobie. With a quick recove he manages a fairly casual saunter to the couch where he plants himself—not close to Dierdre. She slides over to close the gap between them, and she is now all warmth and sympathy. Her voice is musical and upper-crust:
16) 27) dialog: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which is simply a bore, but I can partner you in bridge. (reacting to him) Why the pout? Gazing at the floor, Hobie gives a short loud laugh that sounds like a Heimlich-expulsion. A flinch from the actre Hobie’s grin abruptly drops, and, still gazing at the flo
16) 48) dialog: Oh, Monty! Come join me on the divan! Smoothly this time, Hobie joins her on the sofa. When he he is still not close; she slides to him. The same music her intonation:
16) 49) dialog: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which is simply a bore, but I can partner you in bridge. (reacting to him) Why the pout? 34. Hobie looks at her, somewhat shifty-eyed, not comfortable with the eye contact.
35) 19) dialog: Oh Monty! Come join me on the divaaaaa... As Dierdre beckons Monty her motion slows, and her slowin speech becomes basso before lapsing to quiet and the ratcheting noise of the machine also falls quiet and we a looking at a frozen frame that slowly discolors at the center. The discoloration starts to spread outward as the frame burns. Eddie looks quizzically at the stalled picture. A rasping voice: c.C. Reversh. Eddie looks and reacts with a modest but definite take at C.C. bent double in her chair, the side of her face press snugly to the moviola near the gearing for the sound roll The side of her face is squashed flat against the machine something cinches the folds of fat at her neck. She is be strangled. C.Cc. (CONT'D) Reversh. Eddie looks helplessly at the machine. C.Cc. (CONT'D) Reversh. Eddie casts frantically about, locates the forward/revers switch, flips it. The soundtrack grinds into motion, in reverse. The pictur plays likewise. 79. As the sound relays feed out her scarf, C.C. has increasi play such that she may slowly draw her head away from the machine. When she is completely free she hits the handbrake, stopp the film. C.Cc. (CONT'D) Shouldn’t wear scarves. She sucks greedily at a cigarette. She flips the reverse switch and the film rolls forward again. Hobie once again enters, looking very dashing in his tux.
35) 20) dialog: Oh Monty! Come join me on the divan. The discolored frame flashes by and Monty sits into a brooding close shot on the divan.
35) 21) dialog: It seems Allegra's a no-show, which is simply a bore, but I can partner you in bridge. (reacting to him) Why the pout? A hold on Hobie as he frames a haunted answer. Finally: