2) 20) text: As oppressed people everywhere writhe under the Roman lash... The regularly formed legions in the van now give way to t slaves being whipped along in the rear: .-.- master and slave, freeman and vassal, are united in one compulsory worship: the emperor, Cesar, is Godhead—lord of every man’s body and spirit! For those who will not submit, the galleys, the arenas, even crucifixion await! But there is a new wind, blowing from the east, from the dusty streets of Bethlehem, that will soon challenge the vast house of Cesar—that edifice wrought of brick and blood which now seems so secure! A chariot rolls into the foreground. Its driver is a musc campaign-hardened man with Roman bangs. Beneath his coppe breastplate he glistens with manly sweat. He wears a helm topped by a bright red mohawk bristle, something like an upside-down floorwaxer. He is Autolochus Antoninus. He ga off and smiles. Another man gallops up on horseback and reins in next to This is Gracchus Gregorius, and he too wears the floorwax headwear of the Roman tribune.
2) 22) dialog: Aye, Autolochus! Rome! Suckled by a she-wolf and nurturing us her sons in turn.
58) 0) text: Autolochus is gazing up and off-camera as we pull him thr a crowd of Israelites, his face transfigured in wondermen As he reaches the front of the crowd he sinks to his knee The camera pulls up and away to frame him before three crucifixes on the mount. Gracchus, familiar from our epic’s first scene, approache 113.
58) 1) dialog: Why on your knees before this Hebrew, Autolochus? Baird rises, turning his attention to his friend and plac a comradely hand on his shoulder.
58) 3) dialog: He is a priest of the Israelites, despised even by the other priests.
58) 5) dialog: (uncomprehending) A Roman drinks before a slave.
58) 7) dialog: “Love,” Autolochus?
58) 9) dialog: You mean, of the gods. Autolochus gravely shakes his head. Gracchus, 114.
58) 11) dialog: A new truth?
58) 17) dialog: Could I get a pat down, I’m sweating like a pig. 115.