6) 2) dialog: Whitey! The white horse placidly cropping the grass several yards away flicks its ears and looks over. It nickers and shuff to face away from Hobie as he runs to it. He vaults its r and man and animal are off. Hobie riding. A mounted bad man falls in behind him—a bushwack. This pursuer begins to fire. Hobie rocks forward on Whitey, low to his neck. He reache down to grab the saddle, one hand on either side. He push himself up into a handstand atop the racing horse. An oncoming tree limb hooks his knees and he swings up an around as his horse races on unridered. When he loops bac around the tree limb his six-shooter is at the ready and fires on the swing at the oncoming horseman. The bad man clutches his chest and falls from his horse as Hobie swin up again. Hobie uses his upward inertia to gracefully execute a tra artist dismount from the branch. His drop toward the grou is neatly intercepted by the bad man’s galloping horse, H plops into its saddle. He reins in the snorting beast and it rears he fires his six-shooter into the air in an expression of pure brio. He then twirls and holsters his calms the horse with a pat on the neck, and leaps aground claps dust from his yoked white shirt.
6) 7) dialog: Okay, you’re the bossman. If that’s lunch ammo grab me a plate a beans.
6) 9) dialog: But she warn’t in the pitcher.
6) 11) dialog: But she warn’t in the pitcher.
6) 13) dialog: Ah don’t git it.
6) 15) dialog: But she’s Carlotta Valdez. Hit don’t make sense. She warn’t in the pitcher.
6) 17) dialog: Whitey. 12.
12) 0) text: Hobie Doyle is pulling up in a chauffeured car. The guard looks in the back window and is surprised to see the West star.
12) 2) dialog: Lo there, Scotty.
12) 4) dialog: Wul, Mr. Mannix pulled me off the Western, says I’m doin’ a movie on a soundstage. They built a drawing room.
16) 0) text: People in formal-wear lounge, chatting. Hobie Doyle enters stiffly in a tuxedo. He tugs at his collar. A distinguished-looking man, middle-aged, well dressed bu not in wardrobe, hastens to greet Hobie. He is the direct Laurence Laurentz.
16) 2) dialog: Well this here collar is a little tight.
16) 4) dialog: I’m sweet on Allegra.
16) 6) dialog: But I seen Biff’s grip.
16) 8) dialog: Haunted. By Biff’s grip.
16) 10) dialog: Dierdre.
16) 12) dialog: (troubled) So now she’s gonna importune, Mr. Laurence?
16) 14) dialog: Oh, I’m sorry. She’s gonna importune? Is that somethin’ I should, uh, be concerned about—
16) 16) dialog: Okay, I gotcha.
16) 18) dialog: Sure, I'll give her a go.
16) 20) dialog: A mirthless chuckle.
16) 22) dialog: Okay, Mr. Laurence, I'll give it a—
16) 24) dialog: Oh, gosh, I’m sorry, Mr. Laurentz. I‘ll give it a shot.
16) 28) dialog: Would that it were sooooo... simple.
16) 29) text: A beat, the actress looking at him, Hobie looking at the floor. The beat grows longer... longer... Voice of Laurence Laurentz: “Cut!” 32. We cut to Laurence Laurentz sitting in his director’s cha mouth slightly open, staring without expression as he tri to frame his notes. He abruptly rises and walks into the set to join Hobie.
16) 31) dialog: Sure.
16) 33) dialog: No mirthless chuckle.
16) 35) dialog: Well if you say so, but I’m happy to do another—maybe try her one more time—I mean if you want that chuckle I sure wanna give her to ya—
16) 37) dialog: Okay, you’re the bossman, Mr. Laurence.
16) 39) dialog: Oh, gosh, I’m sorry, Mr. Laurentz— 33.
16) 41) dialog: Ruefulness, okay.
16) 43) dialog: Okay.
16) 45) dialog: Nawsir. Okay.
16) 50) dialog: (rueful) Would that? (slight beat; sad head- shake) It were soooo... simple. Voice of Laurence Laurentz: “Cut!” Hobie looks hopefully to the approaching Laurence Laurent The director, feeling his look, puts on a smile.
16) 52) dialog: Sure, okay. Beat to focus attention, and then:
16) 54) dialog: Would that ih twuuuuuuh, so simple. Laurence Laurentz stares at him.
16) 56) dialog: Well you said, say it like I say it. 35.
16) 58) dialog: Would that it twuuuuuuh, so simple.
16) 60) dialog: Would that ih twuuuuuh, so simple.
16) 62) dialog: Okay, I’m tryin to do that, Mr. Laurentz—
16) 64) dialog: I thought—um, a minute ago it was Laurentz—
16) 66) dialog: Okay.
16) 68) dialog: Would that it twuuuuh—
16) 70) dialog: Oh gosh.
16) 72) dialog: Would that ih... (after hesitating, rushed) twersasimple. Twersasimple.
16) 74) dialog: Simmmple. Simmmple. Gosh, I can’t seem to cinch m’saddle up on this’n, Larry—
29) 29) dialog: Lo, Mr. Mannix. As he rushes around the desk to the phone and puts down attaché case:
29) 32) dialog: ‘T’s goin’ on there, Mr. Mannix, looks like you're expectin’ rain.
29) 34) dialog: Oh, I guess it’s goin’ purt good, that Mr. Lau—er, Laurentz, he’s an awful good man he’s helpin me get through it, I give him all the credit in the world, me the new hand in the bunkhouse, they got me talkin; a lot which takes a little gettin’ use to, talkin’ with the camera lookin’ at me but heck I enjoy.
29) 36) dialog: Usually on a picture I just say “Whitey!” Or “Whoa, there,” but this-here it’s talkin’ an’t’s people listenin’, threw me little at first but I think I got my leg up onner now. Eddie has closed the case again and does the clasps. He assesses its shape as he talks to Hobie:
29) 40) dialog: Oh that is true, he will not quit on a take until it has quality— The phone buzzes.
29) 44) dialog: Mr. Mannix, should I run out’n get you a bigger grip? That’n looks a little snug. Eddie looks up at Hobie and focuses on him for the first time. A long, appraising look. Hobie returns the look, not sure what it means. Finally:
29) 48) dialog: Well, this is bad. Bad for movie stars ever’where. Eddie’s mouth forms a moue of agreement.
29) 49) dialog: And you got no idea who’s mixed up in this thang? Eddie gives a wagging headshake.
29) 50) dialog: I would look at the extries.
29) 52) dialog: Well you just never know about an extrie. They come’n go. Everyone else, I’m on the set, I look at the guy settin’ the 5K I think, “Why there’s old Bud, settin the 5K.” Script girl, wrangler, same thang. Extries, that’s diffurnt. Not makin’ a blanket call here—there’s good extries’n bad extries. All I’m sayin: you look at an extrie, you got no idea what he’s thankin’. Eddie stares at Hobie, contemplating. The silence is broken by the buzz of his phone. Natalie’s voice comes through the unit: NATALIE’S VOICE He’s back—line one.
35) 22) dialog: It's... complicated.
37) 0) text: Glowing in the early evening. Reverse on its drive. Hobie Doyle leans against a parked with his arms folded, waiting, gazing at the mansion. A l still beat, and then he abruptly sflffs a bunch of sunflo shells out of his mouth. He gazes idly around. He has a thought. He opens the back door of the limo and takes out a length rope. He starts twirling, creating a nice big loop. He expertly tips his wrist to make the loop spin level with the groun a height of half a foot. He hops in and out of the loop.
37) 2) dialog: Oh hello Carlotta.
37) 4) dialog: Aw no it ain’t nothin’. Thanks an awful bunch for goin’ to this picture with me, I don’t know if you like livestock but I think it’s got moments I really do. You look var purty.
37) 6) dialog: Well I like yours too, they are just the craziest things. Is it hard to dance with all them bananas on your head? 82. She plants her purse on her head as she demonstrates a rh move:
38) 9) dialog: Don’t know ‘bout this part, they only gimme one shot at the song.
39) 5) dialog: Don’t blame that moon, Curly. She can’t do nothin’ but shine! 87. The guitar intro has ended and Hobie launches into the fi verse of “Lazy O1' Moon.” He looks up at the moon, occasionally looks back to the pretty woman in the window listens, smiling. As the verse ends we cut to Curly elsewhere in the yard, looking angrily down at something off:
46) 0) text: An orchestra plays “Every Now and Then.” Carlotta laughs, across a table from: Hobie, hunched forward, very intent on what he is doing, body jiggling. Wider: he has a strand of spaghetti and is doing rope tri with it.
46) 1) dialog: Watchis now... Gittin’ away... He ropes a salt cellar.
46) 2) dialog: Oh looka there now! His other hand, on the tablecloth, is starting to walk aw on two fingers, affecting nonchalance. 94. Thinking itself safely out of range, the walking hand sta to walk faster.
46) 3) dialog: «+. Oh, she’s a gittin’ away too! He ropes the walking fingers, tripping his hand. Carlotta, unable to talk from laughter, points at Hobie. Hobie ropes the pointing finger, draws her hand toward hi She slaps at his hand with her free hand. He drops the spaghetti to slap her hand in return then plucks the whip spaghetti-end out of the air in rhythm.
46) 4) dialog: This’s why I never order it with meat sauce.
46) 6) dialog: Got roped into it! Aw, I’m just kiddin ya, I wrangled fer a while and then they saw I could say a line’r two’n I was Bad Clem or Deppity Number Two or the guy’s buddy fer a coupla years’n then some’n heard me sing’n they made me the guy.
46) 8) dialog: Aw heck, you ain’t seen the half of it, I’ll show ya cute, just second here—little souvenir from when I was rodeoin’... He has lowered his head to his hand and he fiddles briefl his mouth. He raises his head again, beaming at Carlotta. He has no teeth. His gums, upper and lower, are hideously bare. Carlotta is aghast—and then amused, more than ever. Hobie chuckles as she laughs: 95.
46) 9) dialog: Tell ya what, I wuzh shteer- brushtin an I went down and the shteer went up’n m’teeth headed off fer easht Texash—Aww here, it’s comin’ round again! He hastily tucks his teeth back in and croons along with orchestra which is just now arriving at the chorus: Every now and then... Carlotta comes in on top:
46) 13) dialog: Aw heck yeah, we—we just caught my picture, “Lazy O1' Moon,” ‘n I guess we’re—
46) 15) dialog: Well we’re fixin’ t’be friendly, tell you that. 96.
46) 17) dialog: Well I guess at’d be okay.
46) 19) dialog: I mentioned the name of m’picture, I think we’re s’posed to do that. His long-lens point of view: Thessaly Thacker has stopped talk to the hidden man with the attaché case. Brief conversation. Thessaly tips her head back laughing at som pleasantry. Her cackle carries across the room.
46) 22) dialog: What’s that now, ma’am? She is looking off at her cackling sister.
46) 24) dialog: We, uhh... like I said, we just saw “Lazy O1' Moon”—
46) 27) dialog: We're just, uh... His eyes widen: the mystery man is getting up. The man st briefly outside the booth but is turned mostly away from patting at his mouth with a napkin. He angles more toward It is Burt Gurney. He finishes patting his mouth, tosses the napkin onto the table. His face, so boyish when performing, is now a hard mask. He stoops to pick up the attaché case. A brief look aroun the restaurant, and he heads off. Hobie hastily shuffles himself out of his booth:
46) 28) dialog: Ah gotta skedaddle. So sorry! (to Carlotta) Have to catch one a yer pictures next time—lookin’ ford to it!
47) 0) text: Hobie exits the club just in time to see the passing-by vehicle of Burt Gurney. Hobie hurries to his car and driver waiting curbside.
47) 1) dialog: Toss me them keys, pard—I'm takin' the car!
48) 0) text: Wide on Eddie behind his desk, half-in, half-out of a poo desktop lamplight. He sits hunched, forearms on knees. An insert: on the desk is a letter, its copy too small to read. But we see its letterhead: Lockheed. Back to Eddie, but our angle now swung around so that the desk does not hide his lower body. 98. The hands draped across his knees hold a rosary. EXT. HOLLYWOOD / INT. HOBIE’S CAR - NIGHT
48) 1) text: Lots of neon: “The Garden of Allah,” restaurants, clubs, chase lights around movie-theater marquees. Dissolving in out under the Hollywood Boulevard imagery is the same set of Hobie driving, squinting, eyes fixed on tail lights in front of him. Also dissolving in and out:
50) 0) text: His point-of-view: tail lights of the car well ahead—the only car in sight. Its headlights briefly show us the “Ru Fish Shack” sign on the right. The car turns left. Hobie slows as he approaches the turn.
51) 4) dialog: So it’s Commies.
51) 6) dialog: You here alone?
51) 8) dialog: Well, all right pard: let’s us head on back to town. You got Mr. Mannix worried sick.
52) 10) dialog: In Hobie’s car they make the right turn from the beach ac road to head south on the coast highway. Hobie hums “Lazy Moon" as he drives; Baird gazes placidly out. Baird is struck by a thought. He looks at his watch, winc
52) 13) dialog: Sure. Both men look, attention drawn by sirens: an oncoming lin police vehicles, their rooflights spinning. The cars whoosh past. Baird turns to track them and Hobie looks in his rear-vie The vehicles skid into a left turn at the “Fish Shack” si Baird faces forward again. A beat.