1) 3) text: Eddie Mannix emerges from his car—a Packard marking the period as circa 1950. Eddie pulls down his hat brim, turn his collar, and digs hands into coat pockets as he stride through the rain. The strobe light flashes inside the house. The laughter g louder as we approach. Eddie Mannix hesitates only momentarily at the front door tests the knob: unlocked; turns it, enters. VOICE-OVER (CONT’D) But the work of Eddie Mannix cares not for day or night... and cares little for his rest.
2) 20) text: As oppressed people everywhere writhe under the Roman lash... The regularly formed legions in the van now give way to t slaves being whipped along in the rear: .-.- master and slave, freeman and vassal, are united in one compulsory worship: the emperor, Cesar, is Godhead—lord of every man’s body and spirit! For those who will not submit, the galleys, the arenas, even crucifixion await! But there is a new wind, blowing from the east, from the dusty streets of Bethlehem, that will soon challenge the vast house of Cesar—that edifice wrought of brick and blood which now seems so secure! A chariot rolls into the foreground. Its driver is a musc campaign-hardened man with Roman bangs. Beneath his coppe breastplate he glistens with manly sweat. He wears a helm topped by a bright red mohawk bristle, something like an upside-down floorwaxer. He is Autolochus Antoninus. He ga off and smiles. Another man gallops up on horseback and reins in next to This is Gracchus Gregorius, and he too wears the floorwax headwear of the Roman tribune.
7) 0) text: Outside now, the short extra cautiously leans and cranes peek around a soundstage corner. The bald extra is next t him. His point-of-view: huge stucco soundstages range into the distance. The only person about is a small receding Autolochus Antoninus, his sandals scuffing the road and s banging his thigh as he walks. He still looks at the scri we hear his distant muttering:
15) 0) text: The “Al’s Linen’s” truck rattles by. We hear the crash of surf. Up ahead, on the right side of the road is a weathered si for “Rudy’s Fish Shack—500 yards.” Just before the sign i turn-off to the left, onto an unpaved and rutted road. Th truck makes the left turn. 29.
21) 0) text: There is a dull clunk and we are close on Baird Whitlock, opens his eyes. Wider: Baird in his centurion’s wardrobe reclining on the beach chaise. The sound of ocean outside. The clunk has punctuated an ongoing machine-hum which continues, cycling louder and softer, its loudest approac always punctuated by a clunk. The lawn chair makes tacky noises as Baird disengages fro it. He stiffly sits up. He gazes stupidly about, looking the depth of the room: where am I? He twists to look behind himself, lawn chair crackling, a does a modest take: out the window is the Pacific Ocean. Another clunk and receding machine hum. Baird registers t noise, gets to his feet and walks to the door. It is clos He reaches for the knob. He tries the knob. It turns. He through the door.
27) 0) text: As Eddie marches past the executive offices with his empt attaché case, a tall red-haired woman arcs in to march alongside him. He winces.
30) 0) text: We are coming off the lettering on the side of a boat whi identifies it as “The Swingin’ Dinghy.” Our move reveals that behind the boat which is suspended two chains like a lifeboat is a backbar in the middle of which is a clock, just now striking twelve. We move down the clock to find a bartender looking up at it. A dishrag draped over his shoulder, a well-chewed cigar stub is pla in his mouth.
33) 35) dialog: She get married again?
33) 37) dialog: Tough.
33) 39) dialog: But who knows...
33) 41) dialog: Interesting... As a single...
33) 43) dialog: Uh-huh.
33) 45) dialog: Sure, she’s always yearned to be a mother...
33) 47) dialog: Well, I don’t see why not. Nothing in California statute that prohibits adoption by one’s own parent.
33) 49) dialog: This is new ground here. Technically, she’d have to give up the baby, in order to adopt it, to a third... party— 74.
33) 51) dialog: Joe Silverman, exactly. He’s the foster father for a few days. She hands the kid to Joe, he hands it back... I’1l do some research. (taps his desktop) This is exciting.
39) 0) text: It is evening. A pretty young woman converses through a cookhouse window with a grizzled old man in the yard. The man—Curly—wears the union suit and the bent-back hatbrim a Western sidekick. Someone offscreen is lazily chording a guitar.
42) 0) text: It is lined by doors with transom windows. Lettering on t pebbled glass of each office door identifies its occupant One office only shows light from inside:
42) 3) text: INT. JOE SILVERMAN’S OFFICE - NIGHT Eddie taps at the door. It is opened by Sid Sieglestein, the studio lawyer. An in office door, standing open, shows Joe Silverman sitting a his desk; mid-thirties and, like his office, low-rent but neat and utterly without character. DeeAnna Moran sits across from him in a cream-colored dre that matches her car outside, and a black hat and veil. S has a cigarette in one hand and with the other signs a document in multiple places as Joe, leaning across the de turns pages and points.
42) 4) dialog: We just got started—I’ve been taking DeeAnna through this. They are joining the two in the inner office, Sid now addressing DeeAnna. «+. So Joseph has done—well, just a whole lot of good work for us in the past. Whenever we’ve needed a witness or a third party for, I don’t know—a petition of grievance or alienation of affection. DeeAnna sneaks looks at Joe as she signs pages.
42) 7) dialog: Joe is the most reliable human being on the planet, in our experience. When Chubby Cregar was intoxicated and hit a pedestrian on Gower, we had his vehicle title transferred to Joe’s name and Joe did six months in the LA County lock-up.
42) 11) dialog: Personhood.
42) 15) dialog: Joe will be the foster parent until such time as you adopt the child, which you can do as soon as Joe takes possession of it.
42) 18) dialog: The release papers you're signing are not public record. All these documents remain sealed until the year two thousand and fifteen. Joe takes the document and slides its last page into an embosser and squeezes.
42) 20) dialog: No one the wiser. No fans, no court officials—not even a notary public. 90.
44) 0) text: Eddie Mannix sits slumped, hand cupped to forehead, light flickering onto him from the screen. Natalie sits on his side with her clipboard, waiting for his attention.
45) 0) text: Onscreen: we pull Baird Whitlock, in his Roman tribune's wardrobe, as he marches angrily up a line of parched and dusty slaves clamoring for water. Baird curses and exclai “Romans before slaves!” as he bats aside those waiting. As he reaches the front of the line our pull back has bro into frame the man giving out water with a dipper. This m whom we see only from behind, wears a simple robe and has perfectly arranged shoulder-length blond hair, slightly w gl. Baird/Autolochus—once more exclaiming “Roman's before slaves!”—intercepts the dipper which the blond man is handing to a slave. Autolochus is about to drink himself when he takes in the countenance of the blond water-giver Something in the man's face and manner strikes Autolochus mightily. He takes a staggering step backward, in awe. Close on Baird, his face displaying progressive waves of puzzlement, hope, and ineffable wonder. A flash frame and a slate for “Hail, Cesar, Twenty-Seven Baker Two.” Baird steps back into close shot with the dipper again, n displaying waves of puzzlement, ineffable wonder, some aw then back to ineffable wonder. We hear an offscreen “Cut!” but before the flash frame Ba relaxes, his eyeline shifting as he calls out:
47) 0) text: Hobie exits the club just in time to see the passing-by vehicle of Burt Gurney. Hobie hurries to his car and driver waiting curbside.
52) 0) text: The Communist writers man both sides of a longboat, glove on, pulling hard at the oars. Burt Gurney stands in the prow gazing forward, rather lik George Washington crossing the Delaware but with a yappin dog in the crook of one arm. 100. Now his look turns to one side. His point-of-view: his beach house is coming into view fr behind one of a pair of jagged rocks between us and shore
53) 0) text: FADE IN PICTURE: Studio gate. We are looking across the street at the main gate. There little traffic at this early hour. A cab pulls up and sto curbside. Its passenger gets out. 104. The cab pulls away and we see the discharged passenger: B Whitlock. Still in breastplate and leather skirt, he saun toward the walk-through by the guard shack, whistling.