4) 2) dialog: Remember your manners. BOUCHON offers a shy smile, sans most of his teeth. Then- with great solemnity--he bows low for MADELEINE to pass. She mouths "thank-you" to COULMIER, then scurries on. ANGLE ON: THE ABBE DE COULMIER, watching MADELEINE go.  H gazes out at the Elysium spread before him. He can't disg his satisfaction; Charenton is a good place, a happy plac EXT. A PAVILION ON THE EDGE OF THE GROUNDS - MORNING. Out-of-breath, MADELEINE reaches the front gate. She glan nervously to and fro, then slips the manuscript through t bars to a waiting HORSEMAN.
10) 0) text: ONE HAND, GENTLY GUIDING ANOTHER over script written on  parchment. COULMIER teaches MADELEINE penmanship; togethe they copy a page from St. Augustine's City of God. MADELEINE can't help glancing at COULMIER from the corner her eye: such a virile man dressed in the chaste robes of monk. An intriguing contradiction.
10) 1) dialog: Of course, we mustn't just copy the  words; it's important that we know  what they mean. St. Augustine tells
10) 5) dialog: us that angels and demons walk among  us on the earth; that sometimes,  they jointly inhabit the soul of a  single man... MADELEINE can feel his breath on her neck. She turns to h and asks with innocent eyes wide:
10) 7) dialog: We can't. All we can do is guard  against our own corruption. Self-conscious now, COULMIER draws back.
10) 8) dialog: You'll practice reading tonight on  your own? For me? MADELEINE nods. Indeed she will.
16) 0) text: As COULMIER makes his rounds, he encounters CLEANTE, "the bird man."
16) 3) dialog: What are we today, Cleante? A bull- finch, or a nightengale?
16) 5) dialog: Don't tell me: a loon. Sorry. I've  heard that one before-- And with that, he heads down the hall to investigate.
18) 1) dialog: Madeleine--
18) 3) dialog: The next time you feel the urge to  visit the Marquis, I hope you'll  come to confession instead. MADELEINE nods, contrite, and slips out. COULMIER turns t find THE MARQUIS standing right behind him.
18) 7) dialog: It's not even noon--
18) 11) dialog: It's from our own cellar. I recognize  the taste. THE MARQUIS' face falls.
18) 13) dialog: We treat you well enough here, don't  we Marquis?  Your very own featherbed,  in lieu of a straw mat.  Your antique  writing desk, all the way from  LaCoste.  Enough quills to feather  an ostrich---
18) 18) dialog: In exchange, we ask only that you  follow the rules. Now you know as  well as I do...you're not to entertain  visitors in your quarters.
18) 20) dialog: I'm not a beautiful young prospect,  ripe for corruption.
18) 22) dialog: Take your pen in hand, Marquis. Purge  these wicked thoughts of yours on  paper; maybe they'll govern you less  in life.
18) 24) text: I'll fill page after page, I promise. COULMIER raises his glass in a friendly toast:
18) 25) dialog: Cheers.
20) 0) text: COULMIER reads from a large parchment scroll with a Royal wax Seal, newly-broken. VALCOUR stands by, anxious.
20) 2) dialog: (brightly; hiding  concern)
20) 6) dialog: Please don't eat the paint, Pascal. Next, he steps forward to inspect a painting by DAUPHIN, cheery fellow with severe burns on much of his face.  The canvas depicts a grisly scene; a desperate father shepher his children out of a burning house, his robes ablaze.
20) 7) dialog: Bravo, Dauphin. It's far better to  paint fires than to set them, isn't  it? DAUPHIN grins, happy for COULMIER's approval. A joyous bu of the Papae Marcelli mass.
21) 0) text: A ROW OF HAUNTED, RUINED FACES. But--from deep in their s AN ASTONISHINGLY BEAUTIFUL SOUND, like a choir of angels. COULMIER conducts, jubilant. As the music soars, it seems transform--even redeem--the singers. MADELEINE watches-- admiringly--from the corner.
23) 0) text: As COULMIER conducts, he notices several SINGERS are  distracted; they're staring past him, all the way down th nave. He turns to see ROYER-COLLARD, flanked by GAILLON a VALCOUR, in the doorway. VALCOUR shoots COULMIER a look t says "He's here." COULMIER turns, and silences the choir  with a smile.
23) 1) dialog: That's all for today, thank-you. The CHOIR disperses. COULMIER bounds down the aisle, his outstretched in welcome. MADELEINE lingers, listening.
23) 4) dialog: Dr. Royer-Collard? May I be the first  to welcome you to Charenton--
23) 6) dialog: Of course.
23) 8) dialog: You're a man of Science; I'm a man  of God. Charenton stands to profit  from us both, I'm certain.
23) 10) dialog: (a hint of anxiety)
24) 0) text: COULMIER and ROYER-COLLARD confer, en route to THE MARQUI CELL.
24) 2) dialog: A few indiscretions in his youth. ROYER-COLLARD cocks an eyebrow:
24) 4) dialog: I hope you'll judge him by his  progress here, and not his past  reputation.
24) 7) dialog: He's made a great success of our  Little Theater; there's seldom an  empty seat.  Not to mention its  therapeutic value.
24) 10) dialog: This is Dr. Royer-Collard; he's  joining us here in an... He looks to the DOCTOR for help:
24) 11) dialog: ...advisory capacity. The DOCTOR considers the word "advisory", then nods. THE  MARQUIS' eyebrow arches in surprise.
25) 0) text: COULMIER and ROYER-COLLARD make their way through the asy High above--along the railing of the grand staircase-- MADELEINE appears, flanked by MICHETTE and CHARLOTTE. The come to size up the new DOCTOR.
25) 4) dialog: His wife's influence.
25) 6) dialog: Better to have an insane spouse than  a criminal one. Whispers from the GIRLS above; COULMIER shoots MADELEINE look that says "behave yourself."  She watches the TWO ME turn the corner.
25) 8) dialog: A man of his notoriety? He wouldn't  last a day on the streets without  capture.
26) 1) dialog: Besides, every wholesome thing he  might desire, he has at Charenton. A  library, filled with the world's  great books, music lessons, watercolor  exercises--
26) 3) dialog: He no longer roars or spits. He no  longer taunts the guards or molests  his fellow wards--
26) 5) dialog: Oh. That.
26) 9) dialog: I's essential to his recovery; a  purgative for the toxins in his mind.
26) 11) dialog: For sale? To the general public?   Certainly not; it's unprintable. DR. ROYER-COLLARD reaches inside his jacket, and pulls ou copy of Justine. He hands it to the ABBE, who's dumbfound COULMIER starts to scan the pages; the unmistakable prose you-know-who.
26) 12) dialog: Dear God... He looks up to see that the DOCTOR has moved on, strollin down the hall with authority. He races to catch up.
27) 1) dialog: You have to believe me, I had no  idea--
27) 3) dialog: I've taken vows to live my life within  these walls; not outside them.
27) 5) dialog: (nervous now)
28) 0) text: GAILLON, VALCOUR and ORVOLLE appear, bringing in parapher from the DOCTOR's carriage. A few items are particularly  menacing; a helmet for trephining; a wire sarcophagus, an the nefarious calming chair. COULMIER stares at these  instruments of torture with a mixture of wonder and  foreboding.
28) 2) dialog: (disbelieving)
28) 5) dialog: (his voice rising in  protest)
28) 8) dialog: Why?  So he'll learn to fear  punishment, rather than pursue virtue  for its own reward?
28) 10) dialog: A practical man, sir. Given the  Marquis' unusual tastes, a sound  thrashing on bare flesh may not  qualify as a deterrent.
28) 14) dialog: On the contrary. Let me take up this  matter with the Marquis myself--
28) 16) dialog: Charenton is my life's work. To have  her wrested from beneath me now-- ROYER-COLLARD pauses. His face softens, and he sighs:
28) 18) dialog: Thank-you, Doctor. I'll effect his  contrition; you have my word.
29) 0) text: COULMIER barrels down the hall, fuming. His head is deep the pages of the book; he almost bumps headlong into MADE on her morning rounds. She drops her laundry basket and  flattens herself against the wall:
29) 2) dialog: The Marquis. He's embarrassed us... (with incredulity)
29) 3) text: ...before Napoleon himself. COULMIER stops. He turns to MADELEINE, disheartened, and  confides the full force of THE MARQUIS' betrayal:
29) 4) dialog: He's been slipping manuscripts to  his publisher. MADELEINE feigns surprise and says in a guilty voice:
29) 8) dialog: I place my trust too carelessly,  Madeleine. Unbeknownst to COULMIER, this stings her. He turns the ke in the lock and enters, closing the door behind him. MADELEINE opens the peephole to spy on the scene which  follows:
30) 0) text: COULMIER storms in to find THE MARQUIS in a cloud of whit powder; he's dusting some fresh pages to set the ink. COULMIER slams the book down.
30) 1) dialog: This is a complete...an utter... (his voice falls)
30) 4) dialog: What did you do? Bribe one of the  guards?
30) 6) dialog: But you've no right to publish! Behind  my back, without my sanction!
30) 8) dialog: Enough to discern its tenor.
30) 12) dialog: It's not even a proper novel! It's  nothing but an encyclopedia of  perversions! Frankly, it even fails  as an exercise in craft. The  characters are wooden; the dialogue  is inane. Not to mention the endless  repetition of words like "nipple"  and "pikestaff"--
30) 14) dialog: And such puny scope! Nothing but the  very worst in man's nature!
30) 16) dialog: But we also fall in love; we build  cities, we compose symphonies, and  we endure. Why not put that in your  books as well?
30) 18) dialog: But isn't that the duty of art? To  elevate us above the beast?
30) 20) dialog: One more trick like this, and I'll  be forced to revoke all your  liberties!
30) 24) dialog: (blurting the truth)
30) 27) dialog: Our future lies in the stroke of  your pen.
30) 30) dialog: Put yourself in my place. I've your  fellow patients to consider. If  Charenton falls, they've no place to  go. No manner in which to clothe or  feed themselves--
30) 32) dialog: You among them? This gives THE MARQUIS pause; COULMIER has a point.
30) 33) dialog: (his most passionate  plea yet)
30) 38) dialog: (undaunted)
30) 42) dialog: If you only mean to dupe me again--
30) 44) text: Honestly! You cut me to the core!   What's the point of all your valiant  attempts at rehabilitation if--when  I finally succumb--when at long last,  I pledge myself to righteous conduct-- you regard me with nothing but  suspicion?  Have you no faith in  your own medicine? COULMIER smiles; THE MARQUIS has a point.
30) 45) dialog: (reassured)
31) 7) dialog: I spoke to him with reason and  compassion; the tools which serve us  best here.
31) 9) dialog: He's sworn to obedience. The DOCTOR--ever doubtful--mutters "tsk, tsk, tsk," and t to leave; COULMIER calls after him, insistent:
31) 10) dialog: He's more than a patient, Doctor;  the Marquis is my friend--
31) 12) dialog: I have.
41) 0) text: Tonight the place looks less like a madhouse and more lik the ComГЁdie Francaise. Mingling on the steps, bejeweled  DOWAGERS and GENTLEMEN in frock-coats. Flanking COULMIER, two GRAND DAMES: MADAME BOUGIVAL and MADEMOISELLE CLAIRWI who's never without her small LAPDOG, even at the theater They bill and coo around the comely priest like magpies.
41) 2) dialog: I can hardly take credit--
41) 10) dialog: Everyone has talents, if we look for  them.
41) 12) text: Mmm. Yes. I'm sure. COULMIER notices ROYER-COLLARD mounting the steps with SI In her finery, SIMONE looks less like a society bride, an more like a child playing dress-up. COULMIER gives the DO a cordial wave. ROYER-COLLARD nods, curtly.
41) 14) dialog: (evasively)
41) 22) text: The catacombs have been converted into a make-shift theat in-the-round. The place has a slightly sinister feel; one Dante's lower circles. A primitive platform stage has bee erected in the spot customarily held by MADAME LECLERC's  vat. The SOCIETY FOLK sit on benches alongside the FEEBLE and DAMNED. THE LUNATIC QUARTET plays its bizarre instruments 18th century curled horns, and home-made strings. A grinn DAUPHIN lights the torches that will illuminate the stage From the AUDIENCE, excited twitters. A grand night for slumming among the loons! A bacchanal! He sees RENEE PELAGIE take her seat, and lower her hood,  craning her neck for a sight of the man she loves. Next, marks ROYER-COLLARD, sitting on a newly-erected dais next his lovely wife SIMONE. COULMIER sits at the DOCTOR's  shoulder, pointing out various notables in the crowd:
41) 23) dialog: Madame Bougival; Mademoiselle Clairwil--  and of course--the Marquis' wife--
41) 31) text: Madames and Messieurs, there's been  a change in tonight's program. ANGLE ON: COULMIER, who stiffens with apprehension. This is an unexpected development.
42) 13) text: COULMIER hears BOUCHON's tortured cry, and lurches from t dais, marching directly across the stage. VALCOUR leaps u from his own aisle seat, and follows the PRIEST. The  rollicking play continues onstage:
42) 21) dialog: Take him to the infirmary for a  plaster, and an ice bath. That'll  cool him. VALCOUR drags a quivering BOUCHON away.
42) 22) dialog: Has he hurt you?
42) 24) text: His stinking breath caused my eyes  to run, that's all. COULMIER kisses her on the forehead. She clutches him in hug, and dissolves into tears.  COULMIER looks up to see MARQUIS standing nearby.  The TWO MEN lock eyes for an  instant; a flicker of jealousy passes between them.
42) 25) dialog: You mean to take us all down with  you?
42) 27) text: Don't be absurd; it's only a play. COULMIER glances past THE MARQUIS to see ROYER-COLLARD ri from his seat, and--imperiously--gather his hat and coat. Their eyes meet for an instant; ROYER-COLLARD shoots dagg
42) 32) dialog: It was fiction, of course.
42) 35) dialog: It was not inspired by circumstance.
42) 38) dialog: That's not our intent--
42) 40) dialog: I'll do everything in my power--
43) 0) text: COULMIER bursts into the MARQUIS's quarters to find him  enjoying a late-night snack of fricandeau, a napkin tied  around his neck.
43) 1) dialog: I hope you're satisfied; he's shut  down the theater. THE MARQUIS plucks the napkin from around his neck, and t it haughtily onto his plate.
43) 3) dialog: How can one man possibly be so  selfish?
43) 7) dialog: If you won't be true to your word,  then you've left me no choice. COULMIER grabs quills off the window-sill, the side-board and the secretary. THE MARQUIS realizes COULMIER means  business; he lunges for the ink stand. It spills, sending ink all over his desk.
43) 11) dialog: Perhaps--in time--you'll earn them  back through good behavior--
43) 13) dialog: Try reading, for a change. The writer  who produces more than he reads? The  sure mark of an amateur. He snares a Bible off the shelf, tossing it to THE MARQUI
43) 14) dialog: Start with the Bible; it's cheerier,  and more artfully written.
43) 17) dialog: You know what sacrilege is, don't  you?  The last refuge of the failed  provocateur. COULMIER yanks open the desk drawer. In it, bottles of in He starts to fill his pockets.
43) 20) dialog: Whores and pederasts? You're better  off without them. The MARQUIS abruptly switches gears; he has a new idea.
43) 22) dialog: You always do.
43) 26) dialog: I don't know who you insult more;  her or me.
43) 28) dialog: (sharply)
43) 31) dialog: Good day, Marquis.
62) 0) text: Steam rises thick as soup from the laundry vats. With a  flourish, ROYER-COLLARD unrolls a ruddy bedsheet for  MADELEINE's inspection. COULMIER stands by. MADAME LECLER creaks back and forth in her chair, anxiously.
62) 4) dialog: (intervening)
63) 6) dialog: Remember--anything--ANYTHING he might  fashion as a quill. His entire room,  stripped bare.
64) 0) text: COULMIER bursts in; THE MARQUIS rails. COULMIER goes righ to work, casing the bedroom, orchestrating the further re of items from the room.
64) 3) dialog: (gesturing to GUERIN)
64) 7) dialog: Valcour. His chair.
64) 15) dialog: Orvolle. His wine. (back to THE MARQUIS)
64) 18) dialog: --and your meat shall be de-boned. The MARQUIS attempts to pirate away a pair of wine bottle but VALCOUR intercepts them.
64) 21) dialog: Because your writing continues,  unchecked. COULMIER starts plucking THE MARQUIS' pornographic etchin off the wall. Panicked now, THE MARQUIS rails:
64) 27) dialog: Its horrors, perhaps!  Its darkest  nightmares! And to what end? Nothing  but your own morbid gratification--
64) 30) dialog: I am sorry, Marquis. Truly. He turns and heads into the corridor. THE MARQUIS follows him out the door.
70) 0) text: CLOSE UP: COULMIER, whose face bears all the frustration a new parent, saddled with an incorrigible child.
70) 1) dialog: You're lucky it falls to me to punish  you.
70) 3) dialog: If it were up to the Doctor, you'd  be flayed alive.
70) 5) dialog: What in God's name am I to do with  you?  The more I forbid, the more  you're provoked!
70) 7) dialog: What on earth would that require?
70) 9) dialog: You expect me to pimp Madeleine?
70) 11) dialog: 
70) 14) dialog: 
70) 19) dialog: 
70) 23) dialog: Your breeches as well. THE MARQUIS unhooks the first button on his breeches, the waits, expectantly, for COULMIER to do the rest.
70) 26) text: I thought not. He lets his trousers drop. In the dim shadows, the MARQUI is naked now, except for his hair. He sidles up, close, t COULMIER, his breath in the priest's ear:
70) 28) dialog: Your wig. Remove your wig.
70) 31) dialog: You'll no longer spread your insidious  gospel, where art's magnitude is the  breadth of its depravity! FROM NOW 
70) 35) dialog: Don't flatter yourself, Marquis. You're not the Anti-Christ.  You're  nothing but a malcontent who knows  how to spell. With that, COULMIER exits with THE MARQUIS' clothing in h arms. THE MARQUIS is left alone, naked and pathetic, in a empty cell. INT. CORRIDOR - MEANWHILE. ROYER-COLLARD storms down the hall toward MADELEINE's  quarters, with VALCOUR, GAILLON and CHARLOTTE on his heel
71) 5) text: As MADELEINE shudders in pain, the DOCTOR can't help hims he quivers--ever so slightly--with pleasure. An angry wel appears on MADELEINE's skin. Then another. She chokes back tears, enduring her punishment with digni COULMIER bursts forth from the CROWD.
71) 6) dialog: 
71) 9) dialog: It's a weak man who tests his mettle  on the backs of children--
71) 11) dialog: Madeleine's not wicked. It's the  Marquis who's corrupted her. That's  not her fault; it's mine. COULMIER turns to VALCOUR, and whispers urgently:
71) 14) dialog: Your dagger. Give me your dagger. VALCOUR looks to the DOCTOR; which superior should he hon
71) 18) dialog: Not now, or we're both done for. COULMIER turns back to ROYER-COLLARD and shouts:
71) 19) dialog: If only blood will appease you, then  shed mine.
71) 22) dialog: Go ahead. Bind them. Bind them. Reluctantly, VALCOUR ties Coulmier's hands together. Next he hikes them over the whipping post. He loosens COULMIER vestments, stripping them to the waist. Next, he raises h martinet and turns to ROYER-COLLARD for permission to str
72) 0) text: MADELEINE sits on the examining table, her bodice pulled  down around her waist.  A severe-looking NUN prepares sal for the lashes on her back. COULMIER sits behind a small  folding screen--for modesty--and talks to MADELEINE; it t considerable strength of will to keep from peeking at her
72) 1) dialog: Had I known your taste in novels, I  never would've taught you to read.
72) 3) dialog: But why must you indulge in his  pornography?
72) 6) dialog: But why heap such ghastly fantasies  atop an already ghastly existence?
72) 8) dialog: Why not act the role of heroines  instead? Queen Esther from the Bible,  or St. Joan?
72) 12) text: Through the partition in the screen COULMIER catches a gl of MADELEINE's body: the upturn of her breasts, the soft  slope of her back. He turns away, ashamed.
72) 13) dialog: This is no place for a child like  you.
79) 0) text: COULMIER is paying a visit to MADELEINE and MADAME LECLER The OLD WOMAN sips tea; MADELEINE folds laundry.
79) 1) dialog: I've good news; I hope you'll agree. THE TWO WOMEN look to him, expectantly.
79) 2) dialog: I've found employment for you both  with the Widow Rougemont in town. MADELEINE's alarmed; she doesn't want to leave Charenton. COULMIER does his best to keep the news upbeat:
79) 3) dialog: You'll have your own cottage on the  grounds, and ten francs a month to  use as you please.
79) 8) dialog: In part, yes.
79) 10) text: He's not the man who's cast a shadow  here. COULMIER knows what she says is true, but can't admit it.
79) 11) dialog: The Doctor's a respected man, a friend  of the court--
79) 13) dialog: Is that a promise you can truly keep? She can't answer. COULMIER glances at MADAME LECLERC; her blindness gives him license to touch MADELEINE. He stroke her cheek; she presses his hand tightly against her face.
79) 14) dialog: Charenton has changed; it's not safe  for you here.
88) 0) text: COULMIER draws on his robe, and cracks the door. MADELEIN slithers inside. He whispers:
88) 1) dialog: You shouldn't be calling on me, not  at this hour; suppose the  nightwatchman saw you, or the cook-- COULMIER sticks his head out the door, glancing to and fr then closes it tightly; he can't disguise his pleasure at seeing MADELEINE.
88) 4) dialog: "Turn you out?" Somewhere, a patient wails in the night; another pounds h head against stone. All Charenton rumbles with discontent
88) 6) dialog: By whom? The Marquis?
88) 8) text: Mother's not half so blind as you. COULMIER understands the magnitude of MADELEINE's confess he also knows--all to well--its futility:
88) 9) dialog: Madeleine, I....there are certain  things...feelings...we must not voice.
88) 11) dialog: They incite us to act. In ways we  should not...cannot...a lesson the  Marquis would do well to learn. MADELEINE's so full of feeling that she starts to cry.   COULMIER reaches for her, and takes her in his arms.
88) 14) dialog: Don't. Shhh. You mustn't... He feels her body against his own. His resistance spent,  they kiss. Abruptly, he pulls back.
88) 15) dialog: Go back to your room. Quickly.
88) 17) dialog: Don't come back, not tonight, not  again--
88) 19) dialog: I love you, Madeleine, as a  parishioner--as a child of God-- COULMIER swings open the door. He summons all his willpow
88) 20) dialog: My vows are mine and mine alone. So  are my failings. Forgive me. Stung, MADELEINE stifles a sob. She gives COULMIER a fina hurt look and slips out the door. Alone now, COULMIER tri to walk off his arousal, circling the room like a prisone in a cage. Impulsively, he goes to the door and opens it  again.
89) 1) dialog: Madeleine-- Furtively, the GIRL steps forward; it's CHARLOTTE. She sh him an accusatory glare; COULMIER ducks back inside, his  heart pounding.
90) 0) text: MADELEINE, still smarting from COULMIER's rejection, walk down the gloomy, forbidding hall. She stops. Somewhere de within, MADELEINE makes a sudden, irrevocable decision. S abruptly turns around, heading toward the MARQUIS.
91) 0) text: COULMIER kneels on the floor of his cell, his vestments  lowered around his waist. He prays.  Clutched tightly in hand, a braided scourge.
91) 1) dialog: "...Lead us not into temptation..." He cracks the whip against his bare back; it leaves a wic stripe. His body flinches, but his voice doesn't waver.
91) 2) dialog: "...but deliver us from evil..." And another crack...
94) 0) text: A rumble of thunder from overhead; a storm is approaching MADELEINE tugs a sheet off the line. Standing behind it,  COULMIER. MADELEINE--startled--gives a little cry.
94) 1) dialog: Madeleine-- Angrily, tugs down the next sheet.
94) 5) dialog: If you'd grant me a final favor, I'd  like the chance to explain myself--
94) 7) text: Don't come any closer, Abbe. God's  watching. She grabs her basket by both handles and--insolently--ski COULMIER and heads inside. COULMIER starts to follow, but response she hurries her step.
140) 0) text: COULMIER's awakened by the sounds of the LUNATICS crying  "Madeleine! Madeleine!" He starts pulling on his vestment with trembling hands.
141) 0) text: COULMIER rushes down the hall and glances into MADELEINE' QUARTERS. MADAME LECLERC lies alone in the bed she shares with her daughter.
141) 1) dialog: Madeleine-- MADAME LECLERC stirs, reaching out for her child, patting the lumpy mattress, hoping to touch her.
142) 1) dialog: Madeleine-- He follows her, dodging MADMEN brandishing broomsticks,  bedsheets, and the splintered remnants of furniture.
143) 0) text: The CHAMBERMAID enters the infirmary; COULMIER races afte her. He has to fight his way past Charenton's MOST DIRE C who lurch toward him in the smokey haze like zombies.
143) 4) dialog: Madeleine! Madeleine! From outside, a horrible scream. COULMIER's eyes fill wit alarm.
144) 0) text: ROYER-COLLARD empties the last dregs from his wine bottle pitiful little puddle in the bottom of his glass. Before  him, the asylum record books in grave disarray. GAILLON  lounges in a near-by chair. As the DIN of the RIOT grows  around them, they exchange a look; one that says "We knew this would happen. How could it not?" EXT. CHARENTON - TERRACE. COULMIER, soaked in the rain, searches the courtyard. All around him, WARDS--like pagans--are stripping off their  clothes, dancing in the storm. PITOU rides atop GUERIN's  shoulders; LOUISON tries to beat him off with an andiron. The scream again; COULMIER whirls around, expecting to se MADELEINE. Again, his hopes are dashed. It's MICHETTE, pi to the wall, set upon by a group of LASCIVIOUS WARDS, the limbs all intertwined in an orgiastic frenzy. ONE BESTIAL MAN turns to look at COULMIER, his eyes wild, scrap of MICHETTE's clothing dripping from his mouth, lik flap of flesh. COULMIER dives in to rescue her, but--instead--he's set u by more MISCREANTS, who tug at his robes and paw at his h like creatures turning on their Master.
147) 0) text: Still fending off MADMEN, COULMIER bellows at the sky:
147) 1) dialog: 
147) 3) text: As he passes, ROYER-COLLARD hears a scuffle from within. He pauses, and reaches for the knob. Just then, he hears  COULMIER and THE MARQUIS in the distance, each crying out for Madeleine. From the pantry, her Voice:
149) 0) text: COULMIER--his cassock torn and soaked through, his face  scratched--races down the stairs THE MARQUIS, meanwhile,  screams bloody murder from the peephole in his cell:
150) 0) text: COULMIER races through the room. He sees the dismantled d lifted off its hinges, lying sideways against the wall.
150) 1) text: COULMIER's eyes dart feverishly about; the linens are dre in blood. He glances down at his feet; he sees a few piec of parchment. He picks up a sheet. The last sentence read "tear out her tongue" before trailing off the page. He  recognizes the curve of MADELEINE's script. His heart pounding, he moves toward the laundry room,  terrified of what he might find. Underfoot, a growing poo of water.
150) 5) text: Water cascades down the sides of the vat. MADAME LECLERC  climbs atop her pedestal, inserts her stick into the brew and begins to stir. COULMIER stands, dizzy, the room spinning around him in a mad whirl that becomes... THE SWIRLING WATERS OF THE LAUNDRY VAT. Rising to the sur like a phantom from the mist, MADELEINE.  Her skin is  translucent blue. As her corpse rolls in the water, we se that it is riddled with scissor gashes.
154) 0) text: ROYER-COLLARD closes the door to the dungeon, and cracks knuckles with barely-controlled fury.  COULMIER sits, his head bowed.
154) 3) dialog: As you say, Doctor.
154) 6) dialog: I beg you, Doctor, don't make me say  it.
154) 11) dialog: Madeleine. THE DOCTOR tosses MADELEINE's bloody manuscript onto the  center of the desk, and lays into COULMIER savagely:
155) 0) text: COULMIER blazes down the hall, torch in hand.
156) 0) text: COULMIER climbs down a spiral stair built along the param of an enormous pit. In its center, a LUNATIC, crouched in feral pose. He wears a heavy iron collar with four long  chains, each strapped to a different wall in the room. He longer resembles a man; he looks like a beast, trapped in stone cage; it's THE MARQUIS. He peers into the gloom wit wolverine eyes.
156) 1) dialog: Murderer! THE MARQUIS blurts, defensively:
156) 3) dialog: Your words drove Bouchon to--
156) 5) dialog: An innocent child is dead.
156) 10) dialog: It's no secret that you loved her.
156) 12) dialog: I saw the longing in your eye--
156) 14) dialog: --the passion in your heart-- THE MARQUIS grabs his own crotch:
156) 16) dialog: I know, because I felt it myself--
156) 19) dialog: 
156) 23) dialog: You're no stranger to rape, Marquis;  and yet with her, you cooed. You  courted. You begged.
156) 25) dialog: Why was it you never took her by  force?
156) 27) dialog: Was it impotence?
156) 32) dialog: Then it must've been love-- The MARQUIS chokes on COULMIER's last word.
156) 37) dialog: (triumphant)
156) 40) dialog: Your terrible secret, revealed. You're  a man, after all. Suddenly--savagely--THE MARQUIS spits in his face. COULMIER wipes away the indignity. He stands, severe now.
156) 41) dialog: All that remains now is your  punishment. THE MARQUIS extends his arm:
156) 43) dialog: Tomorrow, we'll cut out your tongue.
157) 1) text: VALCOUR manacles it to an operating table. CLOSE UP: THE MARQUIS' RIGHT HAND. VALCOUR cuffs it, too. Next, GAILLON splays the MARQUIS'  feet, and clamps them in irons. He buckles leather restra around the MARQUIS' torso.  The MARQUIS cranes his head, glances at the table beside him.  On it, primitive medica instruments, laid out ominously in a row. A RAT scurries  across them. GAILLON sharpens his blade on a stone. COULMIER watches.
157) 3) dialog: (crisply:)
157) 6) dialog: I'm here.
157) 8) dialog: (terse)
158) 0) text: From within, an animal cry. COULMIER walks down the corri away from the grisly proceedings. On his face, a tiny fli perhaps--somewhere deep down in his soul--he feels the th of victory.
159) 0) text: The DOCTOR is knee-deep in paperwork; COULMIER bursts int the room. He slams a glass jar down on the DOCTOR's desk. Bobbling in alcohol, THE MARQUIS' tongue, so long and  serpentine it's wrapped around a dowel.
159) 3) dialog: And my own.
159) 5) dialog: Poorly.
159) 7) dialog: I'm not the first man God has asked  to shed blood in His name. I will  not be the last.
159) 9) dialog: (faltering)
159) 10) text: No, sir. Plainly put, I never expect  to sleep again. INT. CHARENTON - CHAPEL - LATER. On a slab in the center of the chapel lies MADELEINE, dra in white silk. A CREAK as the door opens. COULMIER approa the body, and places a wreath of newly-cut flowers at  MADELEINE's head. He kneels to pray. In a voice choking w emotion, he mumbles:
159) 13) dialog: "In nomine patris et filii et spiritu  santu..." A bead of sweat trickles down COULMIER's face. He takes t hem of MADELEINE's death shroud, and wipes the droplet aw The shroud slides off MADELEINE's face. She lies dormant. Her skin is rosy, and her lips are slightly parted. Unabl to resist, COULMIER tugs the shroud off further, exposing her shoulders. COULMIER marvels at her breasts, sloping  beneath the fabric. His heart pounds like a kettle drum. Impulsively, COULMIER pulls the shroud all the way off.  MADELEINE lies before him, flawless. There are no wounds, sign of the gore which accompanied her death. He gazes at her with an almost child-like wonder. Slowly, circles the body.  Tentatively, he reaches out his finger touch her lips; to trace the white porcelain of her  collarbone; perhaps even graze his hand across her breast He hesitates, then he leans down to kiss her. It's an alm chaste moment, but it stuns her awake. MADELEINE lives. COULMIER leaps back, alarmed. But MADELE wraps her arms around his neck. She returns the kiss,  passionately. It's all the encouragement COULMIER needs; he crawls astr her on the slab.  Soon, he's running his hands in and out her rounded thighs, feeling each hollow, each moist crevi His touch grows from gentle to frantic as desire mounts.
160) 0) text: COULMIER's eyes bolt open. He lurches upright, and tries stay the bile rising in his throat. A loud knocking at hi door.
161) 0) text: VALCOUR and COULMIER move down the hall like bullets down the barrel of a gun.
162) 2) dialog: Dear God. COULMIER glances down to the pit's base. There, the MARQU lies, his face pale and his breathing shallow. In spite o his decrepitude, there's the look of triumph in his eyes. look which says, "I persevered." COULMIER rushes to him. He feels for his heart-beat; it's faint. The MARQUIS tries to speak, but the soiled bandage across his mouth prevents him. He can only murmur. COULMI calls up to VALCOUR.
162) 3) dialog: Free his mouth.
162) 7) dialog: I must grant him his last rites.
162) 9) dialog: You'd deny a dying man his salvation? Sullenly, VALCOUR tosses his knife down to the ground, th recedes into darkness. COULMIER tenderly cradles the MARQ head in his lap, and mops his brow. He takes the knife an delicately snips the bandage; it falls away. Slowly, painfully, the MARQUIS parts his lips. He coughs air. He tries to speak, but--sans his tongue--he can't fo words.
162) 10) dialog: Shhh...shhh... (praying softly)
162) 11) text: Dear Heavenly Father.  Prove Your  infinite mercy, and open Your gates  to this man, no less Your child than  any other. COULMIER kisses the MARQUIS' forehead. He makes a painful admission for the first time:
162) 12) dialog: There is...in each of us...such  beauty... and such abomination.   No...man...is ...exempt. The MARQUIS tries to smile. COULMIER smiles, too, his eye brimming with tears. The old affection between the two me is evident, even now.
162) 13) dialog: Forgive him. Forgive us all. COULMIER places the small ivory crucifix of his rosary ov the MARQUIS's mouth.
162) 14) dialog: There now. Kiss the cross. A flicker of life in the MARQUIS's eyes; a remnant of his old self. He opens his mouth savagely, and grabs the cruc in his teeth.
162) 17) dialog: 
167) 0) text: COULMIER's whole face contorts in pain and rage; a man cr deep from within the Belly of the Beast.
171) 7) dialog: Listen to me, Abbe, and listen well. He casts a sidelong glance in ROYER-COLLARD's direction:
171) 8) dialog: I've stared into the face of evil...
171) 12) dialog: (back to the ABBE:)
171) 15) dialog: Prove you've an ounce of Christian  charity...Bring me parchment...ink...  and a quill. ABBE DU MAUPAS looks to the DOCTOR; what should he do?
171) 18) dialog: Don't you see--
171) 24) dialog: A quill! A quill, goddamn you! A 
172) 0) text: Discouraged, COULMIER slides down to the ground, defeated He hardly notices when the trap opens, and a bundle of sh tumbles forth. Hoping against all hope, he folds the top  sheet back. There--nestled in the fabric--an ink well,  parchment, and a quill. He leaps to his feet, and slides  open the peephole. Staring back at him: the milky eyes of MADAME LECLERC.