41) 22) text: The catacombs have been converted into a make-shift theat in-the-round. The place has a slightly sinister feel; one Dante's lower circles. A primitive platform stage has bee erected in the spot customarily held by MADAME LECLERC's  vat. The SOCIETY FOLK sit on benches alongside the FEEBLE and DAMNED. THE LUNATIC QUARTET plays its bizarre instruments 18th century curled horns, and home-made strings. A grinn DAUPHIN lights the torches that will illuminate the stage From the AUDIENCE, excited twitters. A grand night for slumming among the loons! A bacchanal! He sees RENEE PELAGIE take her seat, and lower her hood,  craning her neck for a sight of the man she loves. Next, marks ROYER-COLLARD, sitting on a newly-erected dais next his lovely wife SIMONE. COULMIER sits at the DOCTOR's  shoulder, pointing out various notables in the crowd:
45) 0) text: VALCOUR admits the MYSTERIOUS WOMAN from the theater, THE MARQUIS' WIFE, RENEE PELAGIE. The MARQUIS stares out his  cell window without acknowledging her.
45) 1) dialog: I've done just as you bade me; I've  paid a visit to the woodcarver. He  laughed and called me a whore, but  took my money just the same. She sets a satchel down on his desk, and unwraps it. Inside, two wooden prods, each about nine inches long. On is ebony; the other rosewood.
45) 2) dialog: I don't know what brings you more  pleasure; the objects themselves, or  the humiliation I endure procuring  them on your behalf. Next, she proffers a small box tied with a gold bow:
45) 3) dialog: And--last but not least--I've brought  you aniseed drops and some chocolate  pastilles. This gets his attention; he turns.
45) 9) dialog: Oh, Donatien...you mustn't.. He licks the rim of her ear as he whispers:
45) 11) dialog: (helpless with giggles)
45) 14) dialog: Forgive me, I beg you--- He pulls the drawers from his desk, and hurls them to the ground; they splinter.
45) 16) dialog: How was I to know, my darling?
45) 20) dialog: I beg you, Donatien...as your  wife...your only ally...you must  stop making such a monstrous spectacle  of yourself.
45) 23) dialog: To flaunt your deviance in public?   Upon a stage?
45) 25) dialog: You ought to court the Doctor's favor,  not his contempt. THE MARQUIS tears open the box of candy, and pops one int his mouth. He chews:
45) 27) dialog: You're here--safe--surrounded by  brick and mortar; but my prison is  far crueler. It has no walls. She starts speaking in a mad rush, tripping over her own  words, frantic to spill it all out before he cuts her off
45) 28) dialog: Everywhere I go, they point and  whisper! At the opera, they hiss at  me when I take my box. When I went  to church...the priest refused to  even hear my confession; he said I  was already damned! Why must I suffer  for your sins?
45) 32) dialog: Give me back my anonymity, that's  all I ask! Let me be invisible again! THE MARQUIS explodes now, his eyes spinning with rage.
45) 34) dialog: He refuses to be seen in my company!   He blanches at the mention of your  name--
46) 0) text: In the rear of her carriage, RENEE PELAGIE. She's dried h tears, and now bears a look of fierce resolve: a woman im with a mission.
47) 5) text: But on the modest sum you've accorded  me--I'm an architect, not a magician-- RENEE PELAGIE brushes past GAILLON with gale force:
47) 6) dialog: I must see the Doctor at once. It's  a matter of dire urgency... ROYER-COLLARD spies her instantly; their eyes lock.
47) 10) dialog: Desperation has driven me past  etiquette, all the way to frenzy.
47) 12) dialog: I beg to differ, Doctor. You work in  a madhouse. Your every waking moment  is governed by the insane.
47) 15) dialog: You're new to Charenton, yes? Perhaps  you're not yet familiar with my  husband, and his unusual case.
47) 23) dialog: Oh you do, do you? It is my dearest  hope, Doctor, that he remain entombed  forever, and that when at last he  perishes in the dank bowels of your  institution, he be left as carrion  for the rodents and the worms. The DOCTOR's somewhat taken aback:
47) 25) dialog: If you can't cure him--truly cure  him-- then--at least--I beg you-- harness the beast that rages in his  soul. The wheels in ROYER-COLLARD'S brain begin to turn; he idl fingers a swatch of fabric.
47) 28) dialog: I pay his stipend every month, far  more dutifully than I should.
47) 33) dialog: I am not a wealthy woman.
47) 35) dialog: It's tainted money, Doctor.
47) 37) dialog: What thought is that?
47) 42) dialog: Oh, but I am!
47) 44) dialog: It's beyond perversity. That honor  should carry a price tag... The DOCTOR rises and crosses to her:
47) 49) dialog: Don't toy with me, Doctor.
48) 0) text: The DOCTOR and RENEE PELAGIE step into the sun.
48) 3) dialog: I am eternally in your debt.
48) 5) dialog: Doctor... Can I impart to you his  cruelest trick?
48) 7) dialog: Once...long ago...in the folly of  youth...he made me love him.
73) 0) text: ROYER-COLLARD sits at a table, ledger before him, MONSIEU PROUIX on one side, GAILLON on the other. Lining up for  payment, various CRAFTSMEN: a BRICKLAYER, perhaps, A  CARPENTER, A GARDENER. The DOCTOR hands a small sheath of bills to a particularly large STONE-MASON. When the STONE MASON steps out of the frame, the DOCTOR is confronted by surprising sight: an incensed RENEE PELAGIE.
73) 2) dialog: I'm on the brink of bankruptcy; my  husband's resources are all but  exhausted. And to what end, I ask  you? ROYER-COLLARD glances behind her; more MEN await payment.
73) 4) dialog: If only you'd remained true to our  contract! Opiates, for his nerves!   Restraints! The man warrants a bed  of nails--
73) 6) text: I can say, with the utmost sincerity,  that every franc you've given me has  been put to sterling use. RENEE PELAGIE glances about the room, taking inventory of its contents.
73) 7) dialog: That much is painfully clear. He stands and announces:
73) 12) dialog: Am I a cursed woman, Doctor? Must I  be betrayed by every man I meet-- SIMONE appears on the balcony above. She's overheard the  commotion, and senses something is amiss. The DOCTOR shif his gaze, staring up at her; RENEE PELAGIE notices that t DOCTOR's attention has been diverted, and whirls around t face SIMONE.
73) 13) dialog: Ah! This must be the little Madame. SIMONE offers a faint, uncertain smile.
73) 15) dialog: I must confess, I envy you.
73) 17) dialog: Your husband's name brings you honor,  doesn't it? You can walk down the  street without insult; without falling  debris. RENEE PELAGIE's brow darkens with sinister pleasure; she  gestures at the riches in the room:
73) 18) dialog: But suppose the whole world knew  that all this splendor was the result  of fraudulence? Of extortion? SIMONE stares at her husband, alarmed.
73) 22) dialog: Public scorn carries a terrible sting.   Trust me. I'm a woman who knows.
73) 24) dialog: And why not? My fortune, siphoned  away.  My reputation, past repair.  I've nothing left to lose. (her eyes narrowing)
73) 25) text: Silence my husband, or you'll come  to know an infamy to rival his own. RENEE PELAGIE glances at SIMONE, who glances at her husba who glowers back at RENEE PELAGIE.