0) 3) text: INT. APARTMENT - WORKROOM — THAT MOMENT cyril enters, turns the lights on, This room has been con into a workspace/fitting room to make clothes. Two long w tables, sewing machines, fabrics, flat overhead lighting, curtains drawn over windows. A mini-atelier. Slowly, over the next few minutes, the staff come in and for a day’s work. The staff in the House Of Woodcock is l Cyril, two women NANA & BIDDY (408) head sewers. There’s older woman named ELSA (60s) who never speaks and an awkw looking girl named IRMA (20s) who works beneath her and s less. Two other hands, PIPPA & WINN (30s) Various other Hands brings the total staff to around 15/20. cur To: INT. BREAKFAST. Breakfast for Reynolds is taken in the kitchen, which is bottom floor. Carrot juice and sausages. Cyril enters, Reynolds, “my old so & so — good morning” and they eat in perfect harmony, quietly, with small words here and there Reynolds looks over sketches, newspapers, Cyril over mail book keeping, sketches. Reynolds's current live-in lady friend is JOHANNA (30s) S the shape of a fashion model, long and lovely, but she lo tired and sad; she presents him some fresh biscuits.
0) 19) dialog: what would you like to do about Johanna?
0) 21) dialog: I mean, she’s lovely. But the time has come. and she’s getting fat sitting around waiting for you to fall in love with her again.
0) 23) dialog: I‘1l give her the October Dress if that’s alright. Nods again. More eating, then:
0) 26) dialog: yes.
0) 28) dialog: Why don‘t you go to the country tonight? I'll follow tomorrow.
0) 94) dialog: And who's this lovely creature making the house smell so nice... Alma turns around, doesn’t flinch —
0) 96) dialog: I'm Cyril.
0) 98) dialog: Sandalwood. and Rosewater. Sherry. lemon juice...
0) 106) dialog: You have the ideal shape.
0) 108) dialog: he likes a little belly. Reynolds comes back in wheeling a Dress Form with BODICE half of a gown) in progre He removes it from the form and places it on Alma, so she is standing in her underwear an top half of an Ivory Silk Crepe Bodice.
0) 145) dialog: This fabric is adored by the women who wear our design. It's perfect for this dress. Reynolds keeps working, his head down, says:
0) 162) dialog: Thank you for you kind words, Good Night.
0) 175) dialog: Perhaps you should take your breakfast after him or in your room.
0) 177) dialog: His routine, when he is in it, is better not shaken.
0) 179) dialog: It’s a quiet time not to be misused. If breakfast isn’t right, it’s hard for him to recover the rest of the day...
0) 181) dialog: That's alright.
0) 183) dialog: well, yes, it may .... ¢yril collects herself and leaves the room.
1) 7) text: wup the stairs, comes Cyril, bringing some tea, she nods Alma, who nods back..Cyril enters the studio and closes t Alma goes back downstairs
1) 9) text: ALMA along with five other Mannequins present the Collect clients who are sitting in the Salon. CYRIL is icy-nerves and quiet movements. VARIOUS IMAGES following this process. Alma wearing a few different dresses, suits, etc, holding @ NUMBER CARD for each dress, once back to the workroom, changes into another piece.
1) 35) dialog: There is a very good chance that Barbara will wish you to be there tonight --
1) 37) dialog: Accept her invitation if you can stomach it.
1) 42) dialog: Barbara Rose pays for this house.. cur TO: INT. APARTMENT SALON/FITTING ROOM — AFTERNOON A tragic American Heiress named BARBARA ROSE-enters into studio, everyone standing at attention. Barbara’s nanny i older woman named TIPPY (608) and her unfortunate young s (18) Barbara is clearly drunk/pilled-up mess.
2) 22) text: WIDER ANGLE, THE ENTIAE STAPF IN THE APARTMENT — MORNING stands to attention, Cyril is opening the door and welcoming in the most elega beautiful woman so far: PRINCESS MONA BRAGANZA (late 20s) She is BELGIAN ROYALTY. has three or four handlers and HER MOTHER (50s) Alma cannot help but melt at Mona‘s long, slim beauty and and her family.. Reynolds appears, greets the Princess warmly, as if they' known each other for a long time, they walk right past Al and into his office, closing the door. Whispers and excitement amongst the Staff.. CU. ALMA with a look of jealousy for the first time...
2) 44) dialog: 
2) 46) dialog: It's not his birthday.
2) 48) dialog: I would advise you against this, Alma.
2) 50) dialog: Because he doesn't like surprises
2) 52) dialog: he won't like this one. 40
2) 54) dialog: If you're looking for something kind to do, perhaps you can think of something else. This may be disruptive, no matter what you're intentions are.
2) 56) dialog: really must advise you against this, Alma. I don't think there could be a more inappropriate time to try something new -~
2) 59) dialog: soomI£ I agree to this,.I may be giving you enough rope to hang yourself.do you understand?
2) 61) dialog: You're not hearing me or you’re looking for a confrontation with him — either way, this mightn’t end well for you..
2) 63) dialog: Alma, this is, thia is a mistake in your..this isn't what I thought we understood -- you're not listening to me.
2) 65) dialog: mvery well.
2) 67) dialog: oh No I won't.
3) 0) text: Cyril and Alma in the front hallway..Cyril about to leave
3) 1) dialog: Good luck. She leaves, Alma closes the door, rushes upstairs... cUT TO: INT. APARTMENT — EVENING. Alma is dressed up nice and pretty, wearing a DRESS that made. She checks on her meal, which is almost finished cooking, the table, etc. She waits for him.in the Salon window, looking down acros square..finally sees him walking towards the house..she e FRAME. cur TO: 42 INT. APARTMENT — FRONT DOOR — THAT MOMENT Reynolds comes in and it takes only a few steps, getting and coat off to feel that something ien't right. He looks into Cyril's office...he turns up the staircase, up and sees Alma on the first floor landing, waiting for
3) 103) dialog: Would you like me to ask Alma to leave?
3) 105) dialog: If you're going to make her a ghost, go ahead and do it, don’t let her sit around here waiting for you. He eats, doesn't answer...
3) 106) dialog: I’m very fond of her.
3) 108) dialog: Don’t turn it on me, whatever it is, I don’t want your cloud on my head.
3) 110) dialog: You can shut right up. Don’t pick a fight with me — you certainly won't come out alive. I'll go right through you and it‘ll be you on the floor, understand?? They eat some more. (*We will finish the wedding dress an she’ll leave.” “One more collection, and then she'll leav cur To: 52 INT. WORKROOM — DAY. VARIOUS IMAGES showing a few weeks of work and mood aroun House of Woodcock, Sketches, toiles, finished Garments, f Alma, Silence between Alma and Reynolds, Silence between Reynolds and Cyril. The staff are on needles, feeling like Mom and Dad are fi The Wedding Dress takes up half the work space, laying on square inch of table, a long train attached to a form.ext Women have been brought in to help. CU. REYNOLDS. thick glasses, sewing into a secret section of the dress, a message of good will to the Princess. “Never Cursed” He coughs. Nana is with him;
4) 8) dialog: who seems to be ill?
4) 10) dialog: I’m sorry, Tippy, who has fallen?
4) 12) dialog: and what’s happened to the dress?
4) 14) dialog: shoe polish from what?
4) 16) dialog: Where is Mr. Woodcock right now?
4) 18) dialog: What does this mean for the dress?
4) 20) text: INT, STAIRWELL — MOMENTS LATER Cyril heads up the stairs. cur TO: INT. BEDROM — THAT MOMENT Alma hears the footsteps and heads towards the door — AT THE DOOR. Alma gets to the door as Cyril arrives, she knocks..Alma and Cyril moves past her to the bedside --
4) 21) dialog: what is it?
4) 23) dialog: Where does it hurt?
4) 26) dialog: Is it in your stomach?
4) 28) dialog: Do you think it’s something you ate? Alma places the cold towe] to his head. REYNOLDS (to Alma} I don’t know what this is. I’ve never had a feeling like this before.
4) 39) dialog: The Doctor is here.
4) 41) dialog: the doctor I’ve sent for -
4) 43) dialog: he needs to be examined. 59
4) 45) dialog: Come out of the room and immediately down the stairs to greet him.
4) 49) dialog: Alma, this is br. Hardy..
4) 59) dialog: yes, why don’t we go upstairs.
4) 61) dialog: Mr. Woodcock, Mr. Woodcock. Lady Baltimore has sent her Doctor... He opens his eyes. He's completely out of it. half asleep/drained. Dr. Robert places his hand on him — he’s burning up.
4) 84) dialog: good night, Dr. and Alma stand together.
4) 86) dialog: I'll take care of that. come with me to see the Dress. cur TO: INT. WORKROOM — NIGHT. CAMERA pushes in on a team of sewers around the WEDDING DRESS, re-attaching the front and fixing all the rest that's bee damaged... Nana instructs a doing incredibly
4) 87) dialog: how long will this take? ‘WANA 1 don't know,
4) 88) dialog: Let me put it another way: This work will be done by 9am because that’s when it leaves for Belgium. collection of six hands..to come to the dress, small, sensitive work.
4) 104) text: INT. LOWDON REGISTRAR'S OFFICE — DAY Reynolds, Alma, Cyril, Nigel Cheddar-Goode and Alma’s sis Steff are here for a ceremony. Signatures, rings, kiss an they're done.......
4) 107) text: Alma looks beautiful in a new dress made by Reynolds. cur TO: INT, DINNER SPOT/CLUB — NIGHT A dinner celebration for the wedding. various Images, Rey stage managing and over-specific about how Wedding Photo' should be taken. Staff is here as well, seen for the firs outside of the atelier. Cyril looks at her with sweet eyes..cyril and Reynolds ha moment together, she looks at him.
5) 74) dialog: She's been to another house.
5) 76) dialog: because I didn’t want to.
5) 80) dialog: It shouldn't concern you.
5) 82) dialog: so what‘s all this moaning about?
5) 84) dialog: No one does. but I don’t want to hear about it because it hurts my ears.
5) 86) dialog: what do you want me to do?
5) 87) text: cur To: INT. APARTMENT — STAIRWELL — THAT MOMENT Alma, says goodbye to the satisfied Rich Lady Client Mrs. Vaughan and she backs down the stairs,.towards Cyril’s of cUT TO:
5) 88) text: INT, CYRIL’S OFFICE — THAT MOMENT Reynolds looking at Cyril, lowers tone appeals to her:
5) 90) dialog: doesn’t move her eyes from Reynolds, allowing Alma in to hear everything..
5) 94) dialog: Thank you, Alma. She leaves. Reynolds looks to Cyril.
7) 1) text: Alma, fitting a fashionable Young Woman (20s) for a dress design. Cyril working with Steff, who shadows her...