14) 2) dialog: No turning back.
14) 5) dialog: Yeah, it's only fun if you get a scar out of it.
14) 38) dialog: A shield.
14) 75) dialog: No. Just you. Astrid ROLLS away. A split-second later a lava slug knock Hiccup's shield clear off of his arm. Hiccup is exposed.
16) 2) dialog: I mistimed my summersault dive. It was sloppy. It threw off my reverse tumble. Eye rolls from the group.
16) 10) dialog: He's never where he should be.
16) 32) dialog: Read it. She pushes it toward him and leaves.
19) 19) dialog: 
19) 26) dialog: Hey! Snotlout MISSES. Astrid glares at him.
19) 31) dialog: --Hiccup! Hiccup spins around to see the maze walls collapsing like dominos toward him. Astrid comes flying through the dust crash-lands on top of him, laying him out in a limb-tangl mess.
19) 40) dialog: Is this some kind of a joke to you? Our parents' war is about to become ours. Figure out which side you're on. She grabs her axe and stomps off. Hiccup watches, stung.
26) 12) dialog: Hey!
26) 17) dialog: Wait. They FREEZE. A tail SWEEPS out of the fog, taking them do Their buckets spill.
36) 0) text: An angry Deadly Nadder approaches Hiccup. Just as Astrid moves in to strike, Hiccup performs his special rubbing technique, which sends the Nadder down. Astrid and the ot kids look on from the sideline in amazement.
37) 0) text: Hiccup sits down at a table to eat. The other recruits no him and move over to his table to talk to him -- leaving Astrid alone.
40) 0) text: Astrid furiously hurls her axe at a nearby tree. She noti Hiccup walking by in the distance, carrying one of his trademark harnesses. She quickly tries to follow, but he loses her in the woods. She HUFFS, frustrated.
43) 9) dialog: I normally don't care what people do, but you're acting weird. Well, weirder. Toothless spots a nearby sheep and makes a move toward it a result, Hiccup is suddenly PULLED TIGHT against the win shutters. He STRIKES A POSE to compensate... then gets PU THROUGH the shutters. They snap back in Astrid's face. Astrid reopens them and finds nothing but an empty stall. In the distance, Toothless and Hiccup slip off unseen.
48) 0) text: A Gronckle hovers above the ring, hunting victims as the recruits scramble. Astrid ducks behind a barrier to find Hiccup already ther She forces her axe at his throat.
48) 1) dialog: Stay out of my way! I'm winning this thing.
48) 5) dialog: This time. This time for sure.
48) 19) dialog: 
49) 6) dialog: I want to know what's going on. No one just gets as good as you do. Especially you. Start talking! Are you training with someone?
49) 12) dialog: It better not involve... this.
49) 17) dialog: That's for the lies. Astrid pounces the hilt of her axe off of Hiccup's laid-o body.
49) 21) dialog: Get down! Run! Run! Astrid pulls her axe, ready to take on Toothless.
49) 32) dialog: I scared him!? Hiccup makes a “be quiet” motion.
50) 0) text: ASTRID races through the trees. A large shadow overtakes She is suddenly SNATCHED into the air. Astrid SCREAMS.
50) 1) dialog: Oh great Odin's ghost, this is it!
50) 8) dialog: I'm not listening to ANYTHING you have to say!
50) 11) dialog: Now get me down.
50) 21) dialog: Okay! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Just get me off of this thing. Astrid is defeated, her aggressive energy gone. Satisfied Toothless relents. They level off and head up into the clouds. Astrid opens eyes again, and looks out over a world she'd never dreame of. She reaches out and touches clouds, pierces columns ablaze in golden hues, and floats over a vast, alien sky- scape. Her terror is replaced by wonder. She grins, despi herself. Toothless rises above a blanket of clouds...
51) 0) text: ...and levels off under a starry sky. They emerge from a blanket of clouds under the dancing Northern Lights, shimmering in ribbons across the vast sky. Below them, Berk's torches flicker in the inky darkness. new perspective is breathtaking. Astrid tucks her arms into Hiccup's vest, burying her chi into his shoulder. The moment is not lost on either of th Hiccup smiles nervously. Toothless climbs past Berk's tallest peaks and heads out open water, leaving the village lights behind them.
51) 5) dialog: Alright I admit it. This is pretty cool. It's... amazing.
51) 13) dialog: What's going on?
51) 22) dialog: What does that make us? The dragons BANK and dive in formation, plummeting throug the thickening fog and weaving between towering, craggy s stacks. They emerge at the base of a massive volcanic caldera, glowing with rivulets of lava. The flock of dragons fall rank, funneling through a crack, and zipping through a winding tunnel. It gives way to a vast, steamy inner chamber, tiered with pocky shelves. Dragons of all breeds lay about, nested in hordes. The arriving dragons fly in, dropping the fish and game i a central pit, glowing red and shrouded in mist. Hiccup is amazed.
51) 25) dialog: They're not eating any of it.
52) 1) dialog: (her mind reeling, talking Hiccup's ear off) No, no, it totally makes sense. It's like a giant beehive. They're the workers... and that's their queen. It controls them. She leaps off of Toothless and runs toward the village.
52) 11) dialog: Hiccup, we just discovered the dragons' nest...the thing we've been after since Vikings first sailed here. And you want to keep it a secret? To protect your pet dragon? Are you serious? Hiccup stands firm, resolute.
52) 13) dialog: Okay.
52) 16) dialog: Okay. Astrid PUNCHES Hiccup in the arm.
53) 8) dialog: Be careful with that dragon.
53) 10) dialog: 
53) 19) dialog: 
55) 2) dialog: Hiccup! Astrid wedges her axe under the arena gate and squeezes through.
59) 0) text: Stoick wrenches the grated door to the arena and jumps through. The Monstrous Nightmare is only a few feet behin Hiccup. Astrid is now in the ring.
59) 1) dialog: Hiccup! She picks up a hammer and hurls it at the Monstrous Nightmare, hitting it in the head. It turns its attention Astrid, and begins chasing her. Stoick raises the arena g waving her toward it.
59) 13) dialog: Stoick no!
63) 2) dialog: It's a mess. Hiccup doesn't respond.
63) 10) dialog: Yep. The rest of us would have done it.
63) 14) dialog: That's not an answer.
63) 17) dialog: Because I want to remember what you say right now.
63) 19) dialog: You said 'wouldn't' that time.
63) 22) dialog: First to ride one, though. Hiccup blinks. He never looked at it that way before.
63) 31) dialog: I bet he's really frightened now.
63) 34) dialog: Good. But you've already done that. Another beat.
63) 36) dialog: That's more like it.
65) 9) dialog: So? What is the plan? Hiccup smiles, glowing in the support of his friends.
67) 0) text: Hiccup steps back from the door, drawing the Monstrous Nightmare out of its cave. It snorts, stepping into the r calmed by Hiccup's outstretched hand -- focused on him. ON THE TEENS... bewildered, in awe. Snotlout nervously reaches for a spear laying near his fo Astrid stops him.
67) 1) dialog: 
68) 99) dialog: Yeah! You're the Viking! Snotlout grins, finally vindicated in her eyes. In his distraction, he gets thrown and lands heavily on one of t Red Death's spines -- clinging precariously. A close call
68) 123) dialog: He's up! She turns to Ruffnut and Tuffnut, who are ARGUING and THROWING PUNCHES at each other.
68) 138) dialog: 
69) 42) dialog: That's for scaring me.