2) 17) dialog: Hello. A slightly awkward double cheek kiss.
2) 19) dialog: Good, and you?
2) 21) dialog: Didn't he just say you have a plane to catch?
2) 23) dialog: Okay.
3) 0) text: Outside the bookstore, Jesse puts his hands on Celine's shoulders and just looks at her.
3) 2) dialog: I live here in Paris. Are you sure you don't have to stay? Aren't you supposed to talk to those people.
3) 4) dialog: You did?
3) 6) dialog: I'm fine. It's good to see you.
3) 8) dialog: So you want to go to a cafe?
3) 10) dialog: There's one a little further, that I like a lot. ®@ JESSE Alright. They start walking.
3) 12) dialog: It's my favorite bookstore in Paris. You can sit down for hours, I love it - even if there's fleas.
3) 14) dialog: I saw your picture on the calendar about a month ago and that you were going to be here. It's funny I read an article on your book and it sounded @ vaguely familiar, but I didn't put it all together until I saw the photo.
3) 16) dialog: Yes. I was really surprised as you can imagine. {a beat) I had to read it twice, actually. Jesse just looks at her.
3) 18) dialog: No, I really like it - it's romantic. I usually don't like that but it's well written. Congratulations.
3) 21) dialog: But. before we go anywhere I have to ask you, did you show up in Vienna that December?
3) 23) dialog: I couldn't, but did you? I have to know. It's important to me.
3) 25) dialog: Did you?
3) 27) dialog: Oh thank God you didn't. JESSE. Yeah, thank God you didn't either. If one of us would have been there alone, it would have sucked. They continue walking.
3) 28) dialog: I know, I was so concerned with that. I've always felt horrible about not being there but I couldn't, my grandma died a few days before and she was buried that day, December 16th.
3) 30) dialog: How did you remember that?
3) 32) dialog: Oh, of course, it was in your book. Anyway, I was just about to fly to Vienna to meet you when we got the news about her, then of course I went to the funeral with my parents.
3) 35) dialog: But you weren't there anyway. (suddenly suspicious) Wait, why weren't you there? If would have been there if I could have - I had made plans. You better have a good reason. They slow to a stop and just look at each other. She real he's. been lying.
3) 36) dialog: Oh no! You were there, weren't you?
3) 38) dialog: Ahhhh! That's terrible! I'm so sorry. I'm laughing but Tf don't mean it. Did you hate me? You must have hated me. (a beat) Have you hated me all this time?
3) 40) dialog: Yes you have, but you can't hate me now.
3) 42) dialog: No!
3) 44) dialog: I can't believe it. You must have felt really angry with me. I'm so sorry ~ I wanted to be there more than anything in the world. But you can't be angry anymore, I mean my grand-ma~-~
3) 48) dialog: I know, that was so stupid - no way to get in touch, I didn't even know your last name.
3) 50) dialog: I was cursing... - If I could just reach him. .
3) 52) dialog: It definitely wasn't a slow fade.
3) 54) dialog: Yes, we wanted to pick it up where we left off, which would have been a good idea if...
3) 56) dialog: So how long were you in Vienna?
3) 58) dialog: Did you meet another girl?
3) 60) dialog: Really?!
3) 62) dialog: Did you get any calls?
3) 64) dialog: Oh, that's so sad. I'm so sorry. They start walking again.
3) 66) dialog: What did he tell you about French women?
3) 68) dialog: Why didn't you put the six months later part in the book?
3) 70) dialog: Really?
3) 72) dialog: You did? What happens? Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03
3) 74) dialog: That's interesting.
3) 76) dialog: I like that.., It's more real.
3) 78) dialog: Yes, everybody wants to believe in ilove. ft sells.
3) 80) dialog: But things are going well for you, right? {pause} Your book's a bestseller in the U.S.?
3) 82) dialog: I never read Moby Dick, but I liked your book, even though I thought you idealized our night a bit.
3) 84) dialog: i know, but I thought there wete times when you made me, I mean her, no, me, like sometimes she's was a bit... psychotic.
3) 86) dialog: i know... Whatil!
3) 89) dialog: Maybe it’s just me...It was so strange to be reading something knowing the character in the story is based on you. It's both flattering and disturbing at the same time.
3) 91) dialog: I don't know, just -being part of someone's memory, suddenly seeing myself through your eyes. How long did it take you to write it?
3) 93) dialog: It's a long time to be writing about one night.
3) 95) dialog: I'd always assumed you've forgotten me.
3) 97) dialog: Me too.
3) 99) dialog: Yeah, and now we have what? twenty minutes and thirty seconds?
3) 101) dialog: Wheew. Where to start. I'm working for Green Cross, it’s an environmental organization. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 14.
3) 103) dialog: We basically work on many different environment issues, from clean water to disarmament of chemical weapons you know, international laws that deal with the environment.
3) 107) dialog: The cotton industry there is a major source of pollution.
3) 109) dialog: I'm relived to hear you're not one of those Freedom Fry kind of Americans.
3) 111) dialog: When I.came out of political science I thought I'd be working for the government, and I did for a short while and then I got tired of having conversations with friends about how the world was falling to pieces.
3) 113) dialog: I realized that the only thing I wanted to do was to look at things that really can be fixed and try to e@ fix them. Before Sunrise Sequel He laughs.
3) 116) dialog: Thanks. I'm lucky to have a job I really like.
3) 118) dialog: Better! How could “you possibly think that?
3) 120) dialog: (interrupting) Okay, I know your book is selling, but what are you talking about - the world's a mess right now.
3) 121) dialog: rom a western point of view things are getting a bit better - we're moving all our industry to developing nations to get cheap labor free from any environmental laws. The weapons industry is out of control, five million die every year due to preventable water diseases. So how is the world getting better? I'm not getting angry, but really I want to know?
3) 127) dialog: I know.
3) 129) dialog: IT agree with what you are saying but it's dangerous. An imperialist country can use that kind of thinking to justify their economic greed. Human rights is the only issue I...
4) 2) dialog: No, not really. Is it okay if we sit here?
4) 4) dialog: What are your problems? Long Pause.
4) 7) dialog: Me too. How long have you been in Paris?
4) 10) dialog: What do you want?
4) 12) dialog: Non, un cafe, et une orange pressee avec des glacons,.
4) 14) dialog: I couldn't even drink coffee when I was living over there.
4) 16) dialog: From '96 through '99. I was studying at NYU.
4) 18) dialog: What?
4) 20) dialog: That is weird. You know, it actually crossed my mind, if I might run into you there, but the odds are so slim, e you know? I had no idea even what town you were living in. Weren't you somewhere in Texas?
4) 22) dialog: IT had finished my master's, for one, but I was starting to get paranoid. The stuff in the medias all the time - murders, gang violence, serial killers.
4) 24) dialog: I was living in terror. The final straw was one night I heard some noise on my fire escape, I called 911 and the cops came...
4) 26) dialog: After I'd been raped and killed about ten times. It was a man and a woman officer. I was describing to them what I had heard when the woman had to run downstairs to move the police car. I was alone with the male cop, and right away he asked me if I had agun. I said no and he told me I'd better think about getting one - this was America, not France. I told him I didn't know how to shoot . a gun and that I wasn't interested in firearms. That is when he pulled out his gun and said to me... {cop voice) "One day you're going to have something like this in your face, and if you want to live a long life, you're going to have to choose between Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03
4) 27) dialog: you or them." They left and the next morning, I actually called for an application to get a gun. Me, a @ gun! But then I started thinking that something was wrong, the way that cop had pulled his gun.
4) 29) dialog: So I canceled my demand for a gun and instead I called the police station and tried to complain about this cop's behavior.
4) 31) dialog: It was so much paper work and with my shitty student visa, so I gave up and forgot about the whole thing. Well, actually no, I never forgot.
4) 33) dialog: But still, I wouldn't mind being back there - there's a lot of things I miss about the U.S.
4) 35) dialog: The overall good mood people have even if it can be bullshit. Like “hey, how you doing? Great! How YOU doin? Great! Have a great day." Parisians are so grumpy. Have you noticed?
4) 37) dialog: They're not happy. Maybe I just mean the French men, they drive me @ nuts.
4) 40) dialog: You know, French guys like wine, and food, they're fun, maybe it's just me, bad luck, but there not that..-
4) 42) dialog: What's the word... horny.
4) 44) dialog: And you should be ~ in that regard only. Have you ever spent any time in Eastern Europe?
4) 46) dialog: I remember as a teenager I went to Warsaw when it was still a strict communist regime, which I don't approve of at all.
4) 48) dialog: I don't at all, really. But something about being there after a while was very interesting, I found. After a couple of weeks something changed in me. The city was quite gloomy and gray but after a while my brain seemed Clearer. I was writing a lot more in my journal, ideas I had never thought of before.
4) 50) dialog: Shut up! I'm not a communist.
4) 52) dialog: It took me a while to figure out why, why I felt so different. And then, one day as I was walking throvgh the Jewish cemetery, I don't know why but it occurred to me there, i realized I had just spent the past couple of weeks away from most of my habits. The TV was in a language I didn't understand and there was nothing to buy, no advertisements anywhere.
4) 54) dialog: So all I had been doing for three weeks was walk around, write, think. My brain felt like it was at rest, free from the consuming frenzy and 1 have to say it was almost like a natural high.
4) 56) dialog: I was so peaceful inside, no strange urges to be somewhere else, to shop. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 21.
4) 57) dialog: Maybe it could have seemed like boredom at first but it quickly it became very soulful.
4) 59) dialog: No, that's impossible.
4) 61) dialog: De I look any different?
4) 64) dialog: Was I fat before?
4) 66) dialog: You thought I was a fatty. You wrote a book about a fat girl. They both laugh.
4) 69) dialog: No... you have this little line here. She points to the wrinkle between his eyebrows.
4) 71) dialog: Like a scar.
4) 73) dialog: No, I like it. I had a terrible nightmare the other day. I was having an awful dream that I was 32, then i woke up and I was 23, relieved, and then I woke up for real and I was 32.
4) 75) dialog: Time gets faster and faster. Apparently it's because we don't renew our synapses after 20, so it's all pretty much downhill from then on.
4) 77) dialog: Oh I know. I actually like it too.
4) 79) dialog: You were?
4) 83) dialog: Well, you've got your book published and you're travelling ali over the They laugh. world with it... are you enjoying it?
4) 85) dialog: You know in my field, I see some people that come into it like with big idealist visions, of becoming the new leaders that will create a better world, they enjoy the goal but not the process.
4) 87) dialog: But the reality of it is that the true work of improving things is in the little achievements of the day, and that's what you need to enjoy to stay in that field. For example I worked for an organization that helped villages in Mexico and their concerns was how to get the pencils sent to the kids in those little country schools, it was not about discussing big revolutionary ideas about a better world - it was about pencils. I see the people that do the real work, and what in a way is really sad is that the people that are often the most giving, hard working and capable of making this world better don’t really have the ambition and ego to be a leader, they don't see any interest in the rewards, they don’t care if their name ever appear in the press, they actually enjoy the process of helping others, they are truly in the moment.
4) 95) dialog: I don't know actually. Not wanting anything... Isn't it a symptom of depression? it's very human to desire.
4) 97) dialog: But I feel human when I want something more than just basic survival needs. Wanting, whether it's intimacy with another person or a new pair of shoes is kind of beautiful. I like that we have ever-renewing desires.
4) 99) dialog: So what, are you like a Buddhist or something?
4) 101) dialog: Why not?
4) 103) dialog: I know. I decided a long time ago that I wanted be open to everything, but not buy into any one belief system.
4) 105) dialog: Trappist?
4) 107) dialog: Why did you go there?
4) 109) dialog: Not my style.
4) 111) dialog: No kidding.
4) 114) dialog: I had a boyfriend many years ago that wanted to be a Buddist and he went to Asia to visit several monasteries. He was very good looking and everytime he went to one of those monasteries a monk offered to suck his cock. They laugh. He laughs.
4) 116) dialog: You mean sucking cock?
4) 118) dialog: I'm just doing my best.
4) 120) dialog: What?
4) 122) dialog: Are you inviting me?
4) 126) dialog: Yep. They start walking out.
4) 128) dialog: t's sales day today.
4) 130) dialog: It's when everything is on sale in Paris. Twice a year.
4) 132) dialog: No, no, no, I don't want to inflict that on you - it's madness. Let's go up to the garden path - it's a nice way back.
5) 3) dialog: Are you ever in therapy? +o Ot Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 278.
5) 5) dialog: t don't know - has it helped your sex problems?
5) 7) dialog: No, I'm kidding.
6) 2) dialog: I was kidding. We didn't even have sex anyway.
6) 4) dialog: No, we didn't. That was the whole thing.
6) 6) dialog: But we didn't. You didn't have a condom and I never have sex without one, especially if it was a one night thing. I'm extremely paranoid about my health.
6) 8) dialog: You know what, I didn't write an entire book, but I kept a journal and I wrote the whole night in it. That's what I meant by you idealizing the night. Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 29.
6) 10) dialog: That's disgusting. Walking by are an older couple with three kids. They look back, a bit shocked.
6) 12) dialog: Alright, when I get home, T'il check my journal from '94, but I know I'm right. . {a beat} Wait a minute. Was it in the cemetery?
6) 14) dialog: Wait a minute.
6) 16) dialog: Wait a minute, I think you might be right.
6) 18) dialog: Sorry, no you're right. It's strange sometimes it's like I put things in drawers inside my head and forget about it. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 30.
6) 19) dialog: I guess it is less painful to put certain things away than to live with it.
6) 21) dialog: I didn’t mean that night in particular. I meant that certain things are better off forgotten.
6) 23) dialog: Me too, I mean I thought I did. Maybe I put it away because of the fact that my Grandmother's funeral was the day we we're supposed to meet again.
6) 25) dialog: Yeah it was unreal, I looked at her dead body in the coffin, I looked at her hands that used to hold me, so warm, so sweet, but nothing in that coffin resembled what I remembered of her. All the warmth was gone. I was crying looking at her, so confused about if I was crying because I was never going to see her again or never going to see you again. Sorry to go on like this, but I've been a little down this week.
6) 27) dialog: Forget it, nothing bad, reading your book maybe. Thinking of how hopeful I was that summer and fall and since then it's kind of... I don't know, memory is a wonderful thing it you don't have to deal the past.
6) 30) dialog: Yes, I guess it would have been a different book.
6) 32) dialog: But you know what —- now that we've met again we can change our memory of Dec. 16th - it no longer has that sad ending of us never seeing each other again.
6) 34) dialog: Yes I know, I have memories from my @ childhood that I realized more recently never really happened. My mom was so paranoid when I was eight or nine she was always warning me when I walked home at night from my piano lesson about dirty old men giving me candies and showing me their pee-pees. Jesse laughs.
6) 35) dialog: As I got older I had this image in my head that this had really happened. To the point that I associated sex with that walk home. And now - sometimes when I am having sex I see myself walking down that street.
6) 37) dialog: Did you ever keep a journal as a kid?
6) 39) dialog: Me too. It's funny I read mine from "83 the other day. What really surprised me is that I was dealing with life the same way I am now. I was much more naive and hopeful, but the core, and the way I was feeling things is exactly the same as it is now. I haven't changed much at all.
6) 41) dialog: Do you believe that?
6) 43) dialog: The same?
6) 45) dialog: You mean I'll be forever depressed no matter what great things happen in my life? Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 He laughs.
6) 47) dialog: No. I'm not depressed but I worry I'll get to the end of my life feeling I haven't done all I wanted to do.
6) 49) dialog: I mean J want to paint, write more songs, learn Chinese, play my guitar each day. There are so many things that I want to do, and I end up doing not much.
6) 51) dialog: No.
6) 53) dialog: Not at all.
6) 55) dialog: No, no. Jesse laughs.
6) 56) dialog: But at the same time, I don't want to be one of those people that don't believe in any kind of magic.
6) 58) dialog: Of course! I mean, your a Scorpio, I'm a Sag, we get along. No. There's that Einstein quote that if you don't believe in any kind of magic or mystery, you're as good as dead. 33. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 33A.
6) 62) dialog: And sometimes when I feel that way I call my mom and I tell her I love her, she’s always... {imitating mother} "Oh my God, what's wrong? You've got cancer? You're going to commit suicide?" t's almost not worth it. Jesse laughs.
6) 63) dialog: So what about us?
6) 65) dialog: For example if we knew we were both going to die tonight...
6) 67) dialog: No, that's too dramatic. Just the two of us would die, would we talk about your book, the environment or, like tell me what you would you say.
6) 69) dialog: That's hard, no?
6) 71) dialog: Okay. JESSE . I wouldn't mind still talking about magic in the universe, I'd just like to do it in a hotel room in between sessions of us like, wildly fucking till we die.
6) 72) dialog: Wow. Why not just go over to that bench right there? Why waste time going to a hotel? Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 34A. He immediately grabs her and pulls over to a bench. He tw her into his lap as she is suddenly overcome with shyness
6) 73) dialog: Well, we're most likely not gonna die tonight.
6) 75) dialog: Forget about the hotel or the park bench.
6) 77) dialog: That was an extreme example but my point was to communicate with people is very hard to do.
6) 79) dialog: iI know. For example, a friend of mine was talking about she and her boyfriend's problems in bed. After they had dated for about @ year, she started telling him things he could do to please her, and it totally freaked him out.
6) 81) dialog: He thought it meant he was a bad lover and was all threatened, they almost broke up over it.
6) 83) dialog: I don't know, men are so easily offended.
6) 85) dialog: Definitely on that subject. Plus I think it is easier to please a man than to please a woman.
6) 87) dialog: Depends, but generally yes. Can you name the female mammal that has opposing thumbs and is been observed in the wild te be actively encouraging males of the same species to lick its genitalia?
6) 90) dialog: Anyway, my friend said the next man she dates, before they ever do anything, she's going to make a questionnaire about sex - what each of them likes and dislikes.
6) 92) dialog: Mostly written down, I think, but not just yes or no. Like if the question is, are you into S & M, you can answer, "no, but a spanking once in a while... doesn't hurt." Jesse laughs. She looks
6) 94) dialog: Or it could be like, which specific words do you want to hear or not? at him.
6) 96) dialog: Okay. Which words do you like to hear? -
6) 98) dialog: For instance, how do you feel about the word pussy?
6) 100) dialog: It's amazing what perverts we've both become in the last 9 years.
6) 102) dialog: Yeah - by this timé I know you've stuck it in so many places, it's probably like, about to fall off, right?
6) 104) dialog: That's true, what can you do?
6) 106) dialog: What kind?
6) 108) dialog: I don't know. Some are about people, relationships, one's about my cat.
6) 110) dialog: No. I don't have my guitar.
6) 112) dialog: No way, not right now. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 38. They walk
6) 114) dialog: That's right, we need to get going back to the bookstore - you're going to miss your flight.
6) 116) dialog: This will take us to the Seine. Then we can just walk from there.
6) 118) dialog: So you're flying back to New York?
6) 120) dialog: So I read in that article you are married and have a kid? That's great. A slightly weird look from Jesse: "knew this coming, eventually."
6) 122) dialog: What's his name?
6) 124) dialog: T'm sure. And your wife? What does she do?
6) 127) dialog: On Shit! 21/8/03 38A. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 38B.
6) 128) dialog: I left them in the car, with the windows up! But it was six months @ ago - do you think they're okay? They laugh.
6) 129) dialog: I want to some day, but I'm not ready. i'm in a good relationship, though. Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 39.
6) 131) dialog: He's great - he's a photo-journalist and he does war coverage. He's away a lot which leaves me free to do a lot of things.
6) 133) dialog: He promises me he never takes risks, but I often worry. He goes into this trance when he starts to photograph something.
6) 135) dialog: Once we were in New Delhi and we passed a bum lying in the middle of the sidewalk.
6) 137) dialog: Bum... homeless. it looked like he needed help but his first reaction was to photograph him. He took a picture, very close to his face, even fixing his collar to make it look better. He was totally detached from the person.
6) 139) dialog: Maybe. I don't judge him for it - what he does is essential and incredible. All I'm saying is that I could never do it. They are approaching the Seine.
6) 141) dialog: You don't have time.
6) 143) dialog: Yeah.
6) 145) dialog: OK, if you want to... I've never peen on these boats, it's for tourists. It's a bit embarassing. Oh well. They speed up to get on the boat before it leaves.
6) 147) dialog: What guy?
6) 149) dialog: Yeah of course. Well, probably.
7) 0) text: They get on the boat and pay. Celine asks the guy about where the boat stops next.
7) 1) dialog: Bonjour, deux ticket stil vous plait, ctest quoi le prochain arret?
7) 3) dialog: Tell him to pick you up at quai Henri iv. JESSE . Arri cat?
7) 4) dialog: Quai Henri IV.
7) 6) dialog: Henri iv
7) 9) dialog: Yes.
7) 12) dialog: Yes, that is a great story. But you have to think that one day Notre Dame will be gone. There used to be another Cathedral there.
7) 14) dialog: Yeah. Everything passes. People, buildings... You know what, I've never done this. I forget about how beautiful Paris is... Sometimes when you live in a city you don't even look at it anymore.
7) 16) dialog: You know I'm happy you are saying that, I mean I always feel like a freak because I'm never able to move on like this... (snap her fingers) ) People just have an affair or even a relationship, they break up and they forget, they move on like they would have changed brand of cereals. Tf feel I was never able to really forget anyone I've been with, because each person has their own specific qualities, and you can never replace anyone, what is lost is lost. Each relationship when it ends, really damages me, I never really recover. That is why I'm very careful with getting involved because it hurts me too much...or even getting laid, . actually I don't do that. I will miss of the person the most mundane things. Like I'm obsessed with little things. Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 42.
7) 17) dialog: Maybe I'm crazy, when I was a little girl my mom told me I was always date to school, so one day she followed me to see why I was late. I was looking at... chestnuts falling from the trees and rolling down the side walk or ants crossing the road, the way a leaf cast a shadow on a tree trunk, little things. It is the same with people, I see in them little details so specific to each of them that move me, that I miss and will always miss. You can never replace anyone because everyone is made of such beautiful specific details. Pause.
7) 18) dialog: You know, like I remember the way your beard had a bit of red in it and the way the sun was making it glow in the morning right before you deft, I missed that. Shit I'm really crazy.
7) 21) dialog: Honestly, did you think I'd be here today?
7) 23) dialog: i know it's not true but that is Sweet to say.
7) 26) dialog: After that December, I'd say almost zero, but we're not real anyway. We are just characters in that old lady's dream - she's on her deathbed and she is fantasizing about her youth, so of course we had to meet again. Jesse then speaks in a voice that is both louder and more frustrated and desperate than we've seen.
7) 28) dialog: You know why! JESSE” T know, I mean, I wish you would have been. Things might have been so different in our lives.
7) 29) dialog: Do you think so?
7) 31) dialog: Maybe not, maybe we would have hated each other eventually.
7) 33) dialog: Maybe we are only good at brief encounters walking around in European cities in a warm climate.
7) 35) dialog: We were young and stupid?
7) 38) text: Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 44. Celine is
7) 39) dialog: with whom you'll connect with, but later in life you realize it only happens a few times.
7) 41) dialog: Well the past is the past, it was meant to be that way, no?
7) 43) dialog: I think the world might be less free than we think. That when given these exact circumstances, this is what will happen every time. Two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen, you'll get water every time.
7) 45) dialog: But you can't think like that.
7) 48) dialog: I lived on fifteenth and University.
7) 50) dialog: {pause} What is it like to be married? You haven't talked much about that.
7) 52) dialog: What's she like?
7) 54) dialog: So you got married because men you admire were married?
7) 58) dialog: Less then ten times in four years? Do you masturbate a lot?
8) 1) dialog: I'm sorry you don't seem that happy with your marriage - This friend of mine, she's a shrink.
8) 4) dialog: All those couples expected after a few years of living together for the passion, that consuming desire, to be the same as at the beginning. - But it is impossible.
8) 6) dialog: I mean thank god otherwise we would end up with an aneurysm if we were
8) 8) dialog: in that constant state of excitement. Plus we would end up doing nothing at all with our lives. You think you would have finished your book if you were fucking someone every 5 minutes?
8) 10) dialog: Your wife, it's natural after the birth of your son, she has to give all her love to the little one, imagine if she was totally obsessed with sex and forget about the baby while she's ridding you like a wild cat. I mean that wouldn't make sense.
8) 12) dialog: I know it's obvious but couples are so confused now. Men need to feel essential and they don't feel that way anymore because it was imprinted in their head for so long that they had to be a provider. I'ma strong women in my professional life, I don't need a man to feed me but I still need a man to love me and that I could love. They are now near his car and driver.
8) 13) dialog: Well here's your driver...
8) 15) dialog: I guess now it's goodbye, no?
8) 17) dialog: I can take the metro, no problem. di
8) 20) dialog: I'm not exactly on the way.
8) 22) dialog: Clest pas tres loin, c'est 10 rue des petites ecuries. The driver smiles.
9) 1) dialog: For me, it's better I don't romanticize things as much anymore. I was suffering so much all the time. I still have lots of dreams but they are not in regard to my love life. It doesn't make me sad, it is the way it is.
9) 3) dialog: Yes, obviously, I can't deal with the everyday life of a relationship, we have this exciting time together and then he leaves and I miss him but at least I'm not dying inside.
9) 5) dialog: When someone is always around me I'm suffocating.
9) 7) dialog: Yeah, but when I do, it quickly makes nauseous. It's a disaster. I feel really happy only when I am on my own. Even being alone is better than sitting next to lover and feeling lonely. {getting mad} It's not so easy for me to be all romantic. You start off that way and after you've been screwed over a few times you give up on all your delusional ideas and you just take whatever comes into your life. That's not even true - I haven't been screwed - over, I've just had too many blah relationships. They were not mean, they cared for me but there was no real excitement or connection, or at least not from my side. erying.
9) 9) dialog: No, it's not even that. I was fine until I read your fucking book - it Stirred shit up. It reminded me how genuinely romantic I WAS, how I had so much hope in things and now I don't believe in anything that relates to love. I don't feel things for people anymore. It's almost like in a way I put all my romanticism into . that one night and I was never able to feel all this again. Somehow that night took things away from me, like I expressed them to you and you took them with you. Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 50.
9) 10) dialog: Somehow destiny not allowing me to see you again made me cold like if love wasn't for me.
9) 12) dialog: Reality and love are almost contradictory for me. It's funny, every one of my exs are now married. Men go out with me, we break up and then they get married. Later they call me to thank me for teaching them what love is, that I taught them to care and respect women.
9) 14) dialog: I want to kill them! Why didn't they asked me to marry them, I would have said no but I least they could have asked! But it's my fault. I never felt it was the right man, never. But what does that mean, the right man! The love of your life? The concept is absurd. The idea that we can only be complete with another person is evil.
9) 16) dialog: I guess I've been heartbroken too many times and then recovered. Now from the start I make no effort because I know it's not gonna work anyway.
9) 18) dialog: Those are words. You know what I got to get away from you. Stop the car and want to get out. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03
9) 20) dialog: No, it's just being around you. Jesse takes her arm.
9) 21) dialog: Don't touch me. I'm taking a cab. {to Driver) Laissez moi au coin de la rue. La ciest parfait. The driver slows down.
9) 23) dialog: No I didn't and it pisses me off. You come here to Paris all romantic and MARRIED. Screw you! Please don't get me wrong - I'm not trying to get you or anything. All I need is a married man. There's been so much water under the bridge, it's not even about you anymore. It's about that time, that moment in time that is forever gone.
9) 25) dialog: Of course I remembered.
9) 27) dialog: Girls pretend things like that. What was I suppose to say, I remember the wine in the park, looking up at the stars fading while the sun came up. We had sex twice you idiot. 51.
9) 30) dialog: And I feel the same. I'm sorry I had to let it all out. I'm miserable in my love life, in my relationship. I always act like I'm detached but I'm dying inside. I'm dying because I'm so numb. I don't feel pain or excitement. I'm not bitter, I'm just... The car makes it’s way through the streets of Paris, Celi and Jesse continue talking in the back seat.
9) 33) dialog: No laughter. My parents are still together for thirty-five years - and even when they have a fight they end up laughing.
9) 36) dialog: What dreams?
9) 38) dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
9) 40) dialog: Isn't it weird that people always think that they are the only one getting through tough times? I thought from the article you must've had the perfect life- wife, kid, published author- but it sounds like your personal life is more of a mess than mine. Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages
9) 42) dialog: Rentrez dans l'impasse, vous pouvez pas restez la, mais arretez vous sous l'arche.
9) 44) dialog: Yes. You've made me feel better.
9) 46) dialog: You know I really wish you the best. It's not because I'm incapable of having a family that I wish everyone to be doomed like me.
9) 48) dialog: Really, you think so?
9) 50) dialog: Say stop.
10) 0) text: They get out at Celine’s apartment, near an arched entran to a long corridor.
10) 1) dialog: Here. I want to test something. She moves over to Jesse and gives him a big, long hug- Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 55.
10) 2) dialog: I'm seeing if you are going to dissolve into molecules or if you stay together. Jesse is almost shaking.
10) 4) dialog: Still here.
10) 9) dialog: So it is all really true about your dream, or did you say all that just to hopefully get in my pants?
10) 11) dialog: Four years. She sees a cat lounging on the cobblestones ahead of them CELINE (CONT'D) . Oh, there's my cat, look at him he's so cute. What I love about this cat is that every morning I bring him down to the courtyard. And every single morning he looks at everything iike its the first time, every plant, every tree, every little corner. He smell's everything with his little cute nose. I love my cat.
10) 14) dialog: Che.
10) 16) dialog: Che, in Argentina means "Hey"! Neighbors are organizing a picnic dinner. Kids run around playing some kind of game. An older man sits with others eating salad and Melon. -
10) 18) dialog: Taboule, je ie descends dans une minute.
10) 22) dialog: Non il prend l'tavion.
11) 2) dialog: But you'll miss your plane.
11) 5) dialog: Ok, but quick. She gets out her keys and opens the door.
12) 2) dialog: Third. They start up the stairs, not saying anything, but acting like everything is normal. As they continue in silence, t charged undertone seems even more pronounced. Eventually they reach her front door. She pulls out her keys and ope the door. She closes the door.
13) 1) dialog: Would you like some tea? Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 58.
13) 3) dialog: Is camomile okay?
13) 5) dialog: Messy? My apartment is messy?
13) 7) dialog: I see your French has improved.
13) 9) dialog: No, I can't. I'm embarrassed.
13) 11) dialog: Uhhh. Okay, but you're going to laugh at me.
13) 13) dialog: Which one do you want? I only have three in English: the one about my cat, my ex-boyfriend or the one about you? Before Sunrise Sequel Pink Pages 24/8/03 59.
13) 15) dialog: The ex-boyfriend, really? She sits on the couch, all hippie style, and strums a beautiful, funny song. All Jesse can do is sit across from her on the sofa and s When Celine eventually finishes, he applauds.
13) 18) dialog: Sure. Did you ever see Nina Simone in concert?
13) 20) dialog: I know, it's so sad. I saw her play twice. She was great. This is one of my favorites of hers. The song begins: "Just in time you've found me just in time Before you came my time was running low Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 60. I was lost the losing dice were tossed My bridges all were crossed nowhere to go Now you hear now I know just where I'm going No more doubt of fear I've found my way For love came just in time you've found me just in time And changed my lonely nights that lucky day”
13) 21) dialog: She used to stop right in the middle of a song, and walk from behind the piano over to the edge of the stage. Then she'd talk to somebody in the audience. ~ {imitating Nina) "Oh yeah, baby," She'd walk off a Little, then walk really slow back over to the mike. She had a big ass, and this funny little walk. Celine sort of hunches over and sticks out her butt a lit and proceeds to waddle slowly across the room. As the son keeps going, and Celine keeps clowning around, Jesse just sits there with the most peaceful, happy grin we've ever seen on him. "Just in time Before you came my time was running low oh baby I was lost the losing dice were tossed My bridges all crossed nowhere to go Now you hear now I know just where I'm going No more doubt of fear I've found my way For love came just in time you've found me just in time And changed my lonely nights and changed my lonely nights And changed my lonely nights and changed my lonely nights And changed my lonely nights that lucky day.”
13) 22) dialog: {imitating Nina Simone) Yo baby, You gonna miss that plane. Before Sunrise Sequel Green Pages 21/8/03 60A.