68) 1) dialog: We have a problem.
70) 0) text: McCrady holds open his Planbook to show Richardson an eve shifting diagram.
70) 3) dialog: Central Park. Bethesda Fountain.
72) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady Step out of a small outdoor bar structure. They, SpotDavid and Elise walking in the side door of the restaurant.',., Somehow Richardson and' McCrady have travelled from downt Manhattan to the middle of Central Park in the time it to David and Elise to' walk 100 feet...
73) 0) text: Richardson surreptitiously watches David and Elise while McCrady consults his Planbook. A RICHARDSON AIDE steps ou of the same door Richardson and McCrady came through.
73) 3) dialog: (disturbed by something he sees in his Planbook) We may not have that long.
75) 1) dialog: Her decision tree is diverging from our models.
75) 9) dialog: No, something is wrong. I'm already seeing inflection points. Off Richardson's surprised look--
77) 0) text: McCrady examines his Planbook diagram. With each new upda of the diagram red "inflection points" move across the pa toward a heavy black "present time" line on the right sid the right :page Richardson points at the red point closest to the present tithe ` hrie .
77) 2) dialog: If they kiss...
77) 5) dialog: A real kiss. But once they do that every possible adjustment that's strong enough to break them up will cause ripples over your limit.
80) 1) dialog: The "four blocks" thing was a brilliant move, boss.
87) 1) dialog: We're okay...
90) 0) text: Richardson stands with McCrady on the upper level of a tw story lobby looking out at David arriving for his speech.
92) 0) text: McCrady hangs up a silver cell phone and nods at Richards "it's done." Just then Richardson's phone buzzes. The caller ID says: "Mr. Donaldson."
101) 0) text: Through the window we see he saleswoman dial a number ... look at the phone and shrug. It's dead. She and David go to her computer. She looks at it, puzzled. It's dead too. PULL BACK to REVEAL Richardson and McCrady.
101) 1) dialog: He's going to go next door:. Just then David exits the furniture store and goes next d to a clothing store--
101) 2) dialog: You can't keep.-thephones and internet down on the whole block, for too much. longer without running into ripple problems...
103) 0) text: David exits the office to find Richardson on the sidewalk With McCrady nearby.
103) 29) dialog: He's deciding how to--
105) 0) text: From outside, Richardson and McCrady watch.
105) 2) dialog: He's smart. He's very smart. David exits the restaurant from another door. He hurries toward West Broadway.
106) 10) dialog: You've got two more minutes keeping taxis off West Broadway before--
111) 6) dialog: (,consulting Planbook) There are too many, ripples in the system.. Cumm.lative effects are. coming into play.
112) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady rush through the cafe and into the KITCHEN, surprising the CHEF so completely that he can't manage a word before they throw open the insulated door t the COLD PANTRY and run inside.
113) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady rush from a storage room to the showroom of a fancy art gallery. Patrons stare as they ru straight out the front door and onto Gansevoort Street.
115) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady move swiftly down the block. Richardson heads up the stairs of a brownstone. Opens the door to see a street in Chinatown. He slams the door shut
115) 4) dialog: 
117) 11) dialog: (re: diagram, confused) There are several next ones--
117) 19) dialog: Wait, he's--
119) 2) dialog: Hat! Hat! McCrady is behind him He points. at Richardson's fedora, which is on the sidewalk. Fell off when he ran. Richardso sprints to grab it--
121) 1) dialog: 
121) 9) dialog: 
121) 12) dialog: Sir? Richardson grabs the phone and answers --.going outside t talk. David turns back to the dance studio. He opens the door t get an unobstructed view of Elisee,. She spins, arches, d David can't take his eyes off hey` When the artistic director pauses the routine to give not Elise gives David a. little wave. Then they start again. David looks back out at Richardson on the street, but he' gone..