8) 1) dialog: This is a.bignight, gentleman.
8) 3) dialog: You look tired. You should take a vacation when we finish with this. You'll have earned it.
8) 10) dialog: Sure it would. Everybody needs a vacation. Even us.
16) 0) text: The sky is just beginning to turn from black to deep blue The park is still and silent. A black Mercedes pulls up on Madison Ave. Mr. Richardson, again in a dark suit, gets out and enters the park.
17) 0) text: Harry sits on one of the benches -- a fedora in his lap t complement a gray flannel suit. Richardson arrives.
17) 1) dialog: He spills his coffee when he steps out of Starbucks. The moment he comes through the door.
17) 3) dialog: Our models indicate between 7:00 and 7:05 am. Harry nods but he seems distant Richardson sees this.
51) 3) dialog: Grab him! David bolts out of the office as they lunge at him--
52) 0) text: David sprints toward the door he came in. It closes as he gets there. He grabs it. It's locked. He sprints away into an internal hallway. Richardson emer from a door in the middle of the hallway.
52) 6) dialog: You can't get away, David. David spins and rushes back into the main office, then do an internal staircase to the floor below. Jumps the last five steps and hits the floor hard. As he comes up he runs smack into another RSR employee wh frozen solid. David curses, then dives around the frozen employee to fi Richardson, coming out of another office. down the hall. Again, physically impossible for him to get there that fa David spins and-- A DISTORTED WIDE ANGLE SHOT of a chloroform rag shoved right at us. FOCUS GOES IN AND OUT. FROM DAVID'S POV, BLURRY FOCUS as he's carried toward one the large corner offices on the 40th floor. The nameplate reads "Steve Kincaid." Richardson opens the door and ushers his men, carrying Da
53) 0) text: REVEAL BURDENSKY, a 50 year-old in a pin-stripe suit, carrying a briefcase. He.walks to Richardson.
53) 3) dialog: What are my options?
53) 20) dialog: We're the people v ho make sure things happen according to Plan. David stares back at him for a moment. then leaps up. His rope comes off and the chair falls. He sprints toward an open door forty feet across the warehou Richardson makes a little gesture with his hand--
53) 29) dialog: Did you really think I couldn't see that coming? David dabs blood from his lip, which split during the fal
53) 30) dialog: I can read your mind! David stares back.
53) 31) dialog: Yeah, really...
53) 33) dialog: Now,. why are you still deciding whether or not to run? David's hands go to his head`, involuntarily, an atavisti response, as if;s.omehow that will keep his thoughts from spilling out into view.
53) 34) dialog: You saw the futility of that back at the office. David's entire reality has finally been bent to the break point. He can't hang on any longer to an explanation for this based in the world he's known to date...
53) 41) dialog: You just saw behind a curtain you weren't even supposed to know was there, Mr. Norris. Its jarring. I'm sure.
53) 43) dialog: It wasn't your fault. Your Path through the world this morning was supposed to be adjusted. (glancing bitterly at Harry, in the corner) Your coffee was supposed to.spill onto your shirt as you left Starbucks near your apartment. You would have gone up to change and arrived at work ten minutes later than you did. By then we would have left.
53) 46) dialog: Sometimes. when nudging a person back on Plan isn't enough we intervene directly.
53) 48) dialog: You need to worry about getting back on your Plan, David, not worry about us putting him back on his. David stares back, still trying to get his bearings.
53) 49) dialog: Only a handful of human beings know what you now know, David. We're determined to keep it that way.
53) 55) dialog: So before I let you go, you need to understand something: If you ever reveal our existence we will erase your brain. Your memories, your emotions, your entire personality will be expunged. Your friends and family will think you've gone crazy. You won't "think" anything because a blank slate can't "think." Davidstares back.
53) 56) dialog: Do you understand what I just said?
53) 58) dialog: Not a word. Not one word about us. (long beat as he studies
53) 61) dialog: 
53) 71) dialog: How is that possible? Why didn't we get an alert?
53) 77) dialog: You weren't ever supposed to see her again.
53) 79) dialog: Because, David, you can't be with her. And we didn't want to have to resort to this-- Four big guys grab David and pull his arms backwards like prison guards incapacitating a prisoner. Richardson reach into David's pocket and pulls out his wallet--
68) 0) text: Mr. Richardson sits at a large desk. The design is Art De crossed with Albert Speer. Downtown Manhattan is visible the 30th floor window. Richardson's aide enters.
70) 0) text: McCrady holds open his Planbook to show Richardson an eve shifting diagram.
70) 1) dialog: Tell me you're kidding. How could our Path-analysis miss this? McCrady just shakes his head, mystified... Richardson wal to the closet and pulls out his fedora:.
70) 2) dialog: 'rlhek,e are they now?`
72) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady Step out of a small outdoor bar structure. They, SpotDavid and Elise walking in the side door of the restaurant.',., Somehow Richardson and' McCrady have travelled from downt Manhattan to the middle of Central Park in the time it to David and Elise to' walk 100 feet...
73) 0) text: Richardson surreptitiously watches David and Elise while McCrady consults his Planbook. A RICHARDSON AIDE steps ou of the same door Richardson and McCrady came through.
73) 1) dialog: Morris is on the artistic director. Melton is on Charlie Traynor.
73) 2) dialog: This whole thing will be over in an hour.
73) 4) dialog: What?
75) 2) dialog: 
77) 0) text: McCrady examines his Planbook diagram. With each new upda of the diagram red "inflection points" move across the pa toward a heavy black "present time" line on the right sid the right :page Richardson points at the red point closest to the present tithe ` hrie .
77) 1) dialog: What's that?
77) 3) dialog: 
77) 11) dialog: If Melton and Morris do their jobs right we'll be okay. But Richardson is clearly worried.
78) 5) dialog: (re: Charlie's arrival) Nice work.
80) 0) text: Richardson and his team watch as David, convinced now he' still undiscovered, stands up and heads to the door with Charlie and Elise.
80) 2) dialog: (putting his hat on) We're not out of the woods yet. He looks down at the inflection points in McCrady's Planb
83) 0) text: Richardson makes a gesture at the TV by the bar. The pict changes (though we can't see to what). He then moves a water glass on'their table. The sun hits glass and reflects into the bar area where--
85) 0) text: A horrified look from Richardson--
87) 0) text: Richardson and his colleagues all breathe a large sigh of relief.. .as they watch David leave.
87) 2) dialog: That was way too close. What the hell is going on with this case?
90) 0) text: Richardson stands with McCrady on the upper level of a tw story lobby looking out at David arriving for his speech.
92) 0) text: McCrady hangs up a silver cell phone and nods at Richards "it's done." Just then Richardson's phone buzzes. The caller ID says: "Mr. Donaldson."
92) 1) dialog: Richardson. Yes, sir. Believe me, it was a surprise to me too. But I think we have it under control.
97) 2) dialog: D` emit ! Richardson-steps back out of the sunlight.
97) 4) dialog: Get out of the sunlight. McCrady, notices David looking, jumps back out of the lig
97) 5) dialog: 
99) 0) text: David looks at thepiece of..paper. An.address on West Broadway for "Nyman Studios " He's standing at the locked front door. No one inside. Richardson is on to him. The surprise on his face turns to anger.. .then resolve. He dials Elise's number on his cell. Gets voicemail.
101) 0) text: Through the window we see he saleswoman dial a number ... look at the phone and shrug. It's dead. She and David go to her computer. She looks at it, puzzled. It's dead too. PULL BACK to REVEAL Richardson and McCrady.
103) 0) text: David exits the office to find Richardson on the sidewalk With McCrady nearby.
103) 1) dialog: There is an entire world of women out there. I thought I made it clear this one was off limits. David takes off walking.
103) 3) dialog: Doesn't change the fact. David looks around, trying to figure out his next move.
103) 5) dialog: You know: why.
103) 7) dialog: There's no misreading what the Plan says about you and Elise. It's unequivocal.
103) 9) dialog: Do you realize who wrote this Plan?
103) 11) dialog: Well you should. You need to learn a little more respect. David shoves him off. Looks like he might take a swing at Richardson. Then his eye catches the complex diagram that McCrady is looking at in his Planbook.
103) 18) dialog: Because the Plan calls for it.
103) 22) dialog: That was chance. That wasn't us.
103) 24) dialog: It doesn't matter what you feel. It matters what's in black and white. David's ready to explode: at him when he sees something i Richardson's eyes. David stops.. .then his whole expressi changes...
103) 26) dialog: 
105) 0) text: From outside, Richardson and McCrady watch.
105) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch.
106) 0) text: Not a taxi in sight. David looks for one in vain. Suddenl Richardson emerges from a storefront and, goes to David.
106) 1) dialog: Maybe you should try the subway. David holds him in a steely gaze.
106) 11) dialog: 
109) 0) text: Richardson is watching David get interviewed--
109) 1) dialog: Amateur! That's an amateur's mistake!
111) 5) dialog: I want more red liUhtss--
111) 7) dialog: A traffic jam.
111) 9) dialog: He's getting out of range!
112) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady rush through the cafe and into the KITCHEN, surprising the CHEF so completely that he can't manage a word before they throw open the insulated door t the COLD PANTRY and run inside.
113) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady rush from a storage room to the showroom of a fancy art gallery. Patrons stare as they ru straight out the front door and onto Gansevoort Street.
115) 0) text: Richardson and McCrady move swiftly down the block. Richardson heads up the stairs of a brownstone. Opens the door to see a street in Chinatown. He slams the door shut
115) 6) dialog: What?
116) 0) text: David opens the door to Elise's dance company, oblivious Richardson's pursuit.
117) 4) dialog: Can 'I block the front door?
117) 17) dialog: 
119) 0) text: Richardson grabs the front door and pulls. It's sealed sh It won't budge.
121) 0) text: Richardson dashes back to the door--
121) 8) dialog: Dammit ! McCrady's phone buzzes. He pulls it out and looks at the caller ID.
121) 11) dialog: Celebrate while you can. They'll just kick it upstairs now You have no idea what you're up against. David just looks at him. He'll deal with that when it comes...
122) 0) text: Richardson walks down a hallway with an impossibly shiny black floor and enters a doorway marked "Mr. Donaldson."
124) 0) text: Much larger than Richardson's office and on a higher floo MR. DONALDSON, 45, sits at his desk reading a document. After a moment he signs it at the bottom and looks up, REVEALING Richardson, who is standing awkwardly in front his superior's desk. Donaldson motions for him to sit down.
127) 0) text: Richardson sits across from Donaldson.
127) 10) dialog: What?!
129) 0) text: Donaldson, Richardson, Burdensky.
129) 1) dialog: Why was it changed?
131) 0) text: Burdensky and a dejected Richardson walk down the hall.
131) 1) dialog: You spend your whole career hoping that one day you'll get a "red- letter" case. Something you can really make a name for yourself with. Finally I get one... and it's. .booby-trapped...