3) 2) dialog: Good morning, Grady.
9) 0) text: ' fhe whole town is there and everyone is congratulating Mama is busy supervising the Party. Sipsey and Big George loading the tables which have been set up with food and i tea. Buddy with Idgie riding on his shoulders comes through th crowd. All the young girls look at him and smile and gigg BUDDY . Now don’t you look beautiful today, Lily.
16) 0) text: Darkness, virtual silence. The river the only constant so except for the occasional lonely hoot of an owl. Silhouet are the only visible shapes as THE CAMERA searches for li finds first a fire and then the hunched shape of Big Geor nearby. He gets up carrying a blanket and heads toward th diminutive figure of Idgie shivering by the river. He dra the blanket over her shoulders. She nods a thanks to him goes to sit by the fire. The blanket falls off of Idgie’s shoulders, and she does not notice. Big George gets up to repeat the gesture as the distant wail of a train echoes the night.
33) 0) text: They head to the truck and Idgie sees Big George.
33) 4) dialog: Oh Lord. . . Ruth gets out and starts after Idgie again.
50) 14) dialog: | . I didn’t want to wake you, Miz Idgie, : but it’s a full days drive to Valdosta i and your Mama says if you going all the : 7s way to.Valdosta, then she wants you to give this pie to Ruth. oe WA March 19, 1991
54) 0) text: On the horizon, the truck and car come down the road and to a stop. Idgie gets out of the car. Idgie heads toward house as Big George and Julian stand by the truck.
57) 0) text: Idgie is quickly packing up one of Ruth’ Tdgie hellers to Big George and Julian.
63) 0) text: Idgie is painting "Whistle Stop Cafe" on a sign. Julian a Big George are carrying a stove in while Sipsey and Ruth directing. Sipsey is sweeping, Ruth is planting rose bush
65) 0) text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s th one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
67) 11) dialog: You gonna get yourself in a whole bunch of trouble.
74) 0) text: Grady heads over to the robed group of men with Idgie in Pursuit. Big George has a shotgun in his mouth and two me wrapping a rope around his body.
76) 0) text: Big George is catching his breath as Idgie puts a dressin his wounds. He leaves.
76) 2) dialog: I’ve got to thank you, Idgie.
80) 0) text: We see Big George coming through the backstage crowd, swe He goes up to Idgie and whispers something then turns and follows him. Tdgie and Big George running, various shots. POV inside cafe as CAMERA finds the baby and lifts him ou frame. TIGHT ON Idgie and Big George running as the sounds of an approaching train get louder. POV of CAMERA heading back to pick-up truck.
82) 3) dialog: No sir, I sure ain’t.
82) 5) dialog: Yes sir.
82) 7) dialog: In a few minutes, sir -- yes sir. 112A INT. KITCHEN - DAY il Sipsey walks in and sees Idgie and Ruth in separate corne laughing their heads off and covered with water and food.
85) 7) dialog: (sighing) No sir. I done told you over and over I ain’t never seen this man.
85) 11) dialog: No sir.
85) 13) dialog: Yes sir. I remember. Idgie watches from the distance.
87) 0) text: Idgie is talking to Big George then waves goodbye and wal away into the windy night.
98) 0) text: The car careens to a halt an the car until a gurney is Jr. is placed on the hospital. a Big George carries Buddy Jr. from wheeled outside to meet then. Buddy gurney and hustled into the hospital. Ruth and Ideis run into the building while Big George fol but an ORDERLY stops Big George at the door. Big George watches Buddy, I’m sorry.
98) 4) dialog: 
112) 1) text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK revealing Grady next to her with Cl Sipsey and Big George, Dr. Hadley and his daughter Peggy, last but not least, Eva Bates and Rev. Scroggins. our gro somewhat incongruous with the suits that surround then. FGT JA March 19, 1991 99
121) 0) text: stage. Big George shows up and Idgie walks out shaken and looks at Big George. Sipsey jo then.
121) 4) dialog: *s too cold.
121) 7) dialog: (sweat running down his face) In a few minu be ready in a ites, yes suh...it’s gonna few minutes. ii GT JA March 28, 1991 qi