6) 7) dialog: You look just fine, Idgie.
6) 8) text: She looks like a monkey. Idgie runs at the mocking Julian and jumps hin, ripping h dress in the process. Buddy pulls her off and she runs ou the house stripping as she goes.
6) 9) dialog: (te Julian) T’1l get you back, boy.
7) 0) text: Idgie is up the tree in her underwear, sulking. Buddy cli the tree with the comfort and confidence of acat. He sits to her. Idgie is Clearly upset. There’s a long beat as Bu contemplates his sister’s predicament. FGT JA March 19, 1991 10
7) 1) dialog: Looks like you got yourself up a tree, _ Little Bit. i IDGIE They ever make you wear a bow in your ' hair, Buddy? ‘ BUDDY Not yet.
7) 3) dialog: Ouch.
7) 7) dialog: . You wanna be like Leona?
7) 9) dialog: } You wanna be like Essie Rue?
7) 11) dialog: t Besides, you couldn’t if you tried. . You’re special. Did I ever tell you about the oysters?
7) 13) text: Well, think about all the millions of oysters just lying around on the bottom i of the ocean, doing nothing. Just ~~ laying there. Then one day, God looks around and he sees one and he says "TI think I’m gonna make that one different." And you know what he does-- FGT JA March 19, 1991 BUDDY (CONT’D) he puts a little Piece of sand in it. Now guess what it can do the others can’t?
7) 15) dialog: It ca.mike a beautiful Pearl! so you should never feel bad about being different, because you are one of the lucky ones that got picked.
7) 17) dialog: The way I figure it, he never makes mistakes. He made sure we got together. He made sure that you got the best looking most charming brother in the world...who’s gonna beat you to ‘the chocolate cake. Buddy jumps down from the tree laughing and Idgie follows
7) 19) dialog: I_got you out of the tree, now didn’t
9) 0) text: ' fhe whole town is there and everyone is congratulating Mama is busy supervising the Party. Sipsey and Big George loading the tables which have been set up with food and i tea. Buddy with Idgie riding on his shoulders comes through th crowd. All the young girls look at him and smile and gigg BUDDY . Now don’t you look beautiful today, Lily.
9) 3) dialog: Ruth Jameson, you are just the one I’ve been looking for. He takes her hand and begins to pull her away gently.
9) 5) dialog: Let’s find some place else to visit. SE ee
9) 7) dialog: Oh it’s much too loud. Come on. Rev. Scroggins is talking to a group of women when Idgie by him ang
9) 9) dialog: (pointing at field) See that? Years ago that used to be a nice little lake. Wed swim in it and fish. TI sure do miss it, I sure do.
9) 11) dialog: Worse than that. Last fall a big flock of ducks...oh about forty or titty, landed right smack in the middle of that lake and while they were sitting there, a fluke thing happened -- the temperature dropped so fast the whole lake froze, in three seconds -— just at. Buddy, full o¢ adolescent excitement, snaps his fingers.
10) 0) text: 14 Buddy kiases Ruth passionately. She reciprocates. Her hat falls off. Idgie looks at them from a distance, shakes he head disparagingly and looks away.
13) 0) text: A group has gathered around Buddy’s broken bedy. on the outskirts of the crowd, Julian is desperately trying to p hysterical Idgie away. Ruth is crying by the side of the tracks but she tries to hug Idgie, who pushes her brusque away.
13) 6) dialog: 
40) 0) text: Tdgie crawls alo; under her weight bandaged. She s another section room. Nothing. whispers. leep. Sound of morning birds chi. nd beauty. rping. Idgie Pockets of a pair of pants, finds nothing, then eases the top drawer of the dresser open enough to s les as her hand finds a set of car keys. ng a gutter connection that nearly gives way - It is rather difticult with her leg crambles to a more secure area, drops to of roof, taps on a closed window of Buddy’s old Taps again. Idgie opens the window. She
86) 0) text: Ruth is sitting by the table. One light is on. She is reading. There is a loud cry from the beck of the cafe. S gets up and hurries to the back. Buddy is crying. She pic him up and brings him into cafe and fixes him a bottle.
88) 0) text: Ruth still rocks Buddy in her arms, but now he is sleepin shutter slams against the wall, startling Ruth. She walks and latches it shut. She stares another window and watche trees swaying in the breeze. She goes to the front door a locks it. She sits back down with Buddy as the sound of a approaching train fills the air.
97) 0) text: From this distance, we see a crowd is gathering. The trai stopped. The rope is swinging aimlessly above the tracks. Naughty Bird’s is on her knees, hysterically erying. Ruth approaches the crowd and they part. She lets out a scream she sees Buddy covered with blood. A car drives up to the accident site, Idgie picks up Buddy, his arm has been mau She carries a moaning Buddy Jr. to the car with the help Smokey Lonesome.
98) 0) text: The car careens to a halt an the car until a gurney is Jr. is placed on the hospital. a Big George carries Buddy Jr. from wheeled outside to meet then. Buddy gurney and hustled into the hospital. Ruth and Ideis run into the building while Big George fol but an ORDERLY stops Big George at the door. Big George watches Buddy, I’m sorry.
99) 0) text: Idgie, a bunch of kids, gathered around, an Eagle Here lies Buddy Jr.’s arn 1932-1937 So leng old pal. black and white, and a goat are Scout is playing "Taps." Buddy Jr. and Idgie, in old Arny hats, are standing at attention. B Jr. is saluting with his righ’ is missing above the elbow. t Ruth is praying and stops. arm. We see that the left one
107) 0) text: 91 Out around the back, the boys are in the midst of a ragin baseball game. Buddy Jr., now aged 7, is the littlest one his team. He is batting and he keeps missing the pitch, swinging awkwardly with one arm.
108) 21) dialog: , Nothing. Clearly something is wrong. Ruth looks at Idgie for help. ’ IDGIE ~ Your mother asked you a question, now answer her. Buddy can’t say anything. He’s on the verge of tears. ‘ i
108) 25) dialog: I can’t bat worth a dime. f can’t catch. Idgie exchanges a look with Ruth. Tdgie gets her coat and and puts her arm around hin.
109) 20) dialog: Mama, I can hit. You should see me. And Aunt Idgie hit me in the back with a curve ball but I didn’t duck and I hardly cried.
109) 22) dialog: Mama, I’m sorry if you’re sad.
109) 25) dialog: Promise. He line out of the room. She winces in pain.
113) 2) dialog: Thanks, Aunt Idgie.
113) 5) dialog: I wish she could have been here.