0) 2) dialog: What?
0) 4) dialog: (looks out at a sign that says Whistle Stop) Where is Whistle Stop on the map?
0) 6) text: Negative sense of Ed gets out of the car with the map and tries to o himself. Evelyn muses to herself, You‘re right found you. rient
1) 0) text: Evelyn and Ed move through the Old people as they go down the JANEEN, a nurse. She is pushi: the hall. He is laughing and and wears thick glasses. (grabbing his hana ing lo
1) 1) dialog: neve You tell me to go right ten niles ercial t. The out and head for the walks lobby. We hear the sounds of hall. Coming toward then is ng an old man, MR. DUNAWAY, down grabbing at women as
1) 6) dialog: Why don’t you wait outside?
2) 0) text: Evelyn walks inte a back visitor’s lounge that is empty e for one OLD LADY in a faded sweater with a Christmas cors who is at a card table working a “Last Supper" jigsaw puz Evelyn, unhappy, sits down and takes a candy bar out of h purse. Just as she is about to take the first bite the ol woman speaks.
2) 7) text: After her son died, her daughter-~in-.ay had a fit tor her to cone and live at Come with her and be her roommate. Mrs. otis doesn’t know it, but Im going back home just as soon as she gets settled in Sood and then 1 reckon I’ll visit her every day. Does the name Idgie Threadgoode ting a bell?
5) 0) text: A big white house with a porch. aA handsome teenager, BUD THREADGOODE, runs into the house, sporting formal wedding attire, but carrying his coat, with his shirt tails hangi out.
7) 0) text: Idgie is up the tree in her underwear, sulking. Buddy cli the tree with the comfort and confidence of acat. He sits to her. Idgie is Clearly upset. There’s a long beat as Bu contemplates his sister’s predicament. FGT JA March 19, 1991 10
8) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks Slowly past the assembled family, revea one by one the Threadgoodes dressed in their finest, incl Julian who has a black eye. :Finally,. the camera finds e Space and slowly drops down revealing Idgie dressed in a velvet pants suit, with a green velvet tie, a smile plast on her face.
13) 0) text: A group has gathered around Buddy’s broken bedy. on the outskirts of the crowd, Julian is desperately trying to p hysterical Idgie away. Ruth is crying by the side of the tracks but she tries to hug Idgie, who pushes her brusque away.
14) 0) text: The Threadgoode family is assembled. Ruth is in black and Clearly distraught. Rev. Scroggins is speaking at the fun service.
16) 0) text: Darkness, virtual silence. The river the only constant so except for the occasional lonely hoot of an owl. Silhouet are the only visible shapes as THE CAMERA searches for li finds first a fire and then the hunched shape of Big Geor nearby. He gets up carrying a blanket and heads toward th diminutive figure of Idgie shivering by the river. He dra the blanket over her shoulders. She nods a thanks to him goes to sit by the fire. The blanket falls off of Idgie’s shoulders, and she does not notice. Big George gets up to repeat the gesture as the distant wail of a train echoes the night.
17) 0) text: TIGHT ON Evelyn, who is caught up in the story in spite o herself. The jigsaw Pieces are now piled neatly on the ta
17) 2) dialog: Evelyn! Evelyn! Evelyn looks up and sees Ed standing in the doorway. She to hide her candy wrappers.
18) 0) text: Evelyn and Ed exit the Rursing home. Evelyn is reflecting Ninny’s story. FGT JA March 19, 1991
19) 0) text: On the blackboard "Romance! Magic! women in the class, middle-aged to ol or a tape recorder, including Evelyn. nicely dressed, is pacing across the intensely committed. Nurturing!" There are ten der, each with a notebook A young woman TEACHER, front of the class,
20) 0) text: Candles are lit on the dinner table. Fresh flowers are in a vase. And five empty boxes of Saran Wrap are resting on a chair as a sixth box joins its ilk. a doorbell rings. Eve opens the door ever so slightly, with anticipation written all over her face. Ed sees her and his jaw drops. she is wear only Saran Wrap. Ed looks around to see if any of his neighbors are watching and shoves her house. quickly back into the
20) 1) dialog: Good God, Evelyn, have you gone insane? People’re going to see you. What if I'd been the paper boy?
21) 0) text: An undistinguished tract house. The brown LTD pulls into Griveway, Ed gets out with his briefcase, heads for the d There are children in yards, women with groceries talking each other, men with hedge clippers. £a Opens the door.
22) 0) text: Evelyn has set the tube nicely, with fresh flowers, lit c and has a multi-course meal on the table waiting, only sh dressed in Saran Wrap, but in a nice outfit. she has made real effort. Ed drops his briefcase, grabs his plate and soeene television set and turns on the ball game. Evelyn deflated.
22) 2) text: Sorry honey, the game’s almost over. Why are you so dressed up?
22) 4) dialog: No, I’d be checking you into a looney bin. Evelyn reflects on his response and then begins to eat.
23) 0) text: Close on a box of donuts. A hand Pulis them out of a car reveal Evelyn carrying flowers to go with her snacks. She Ed head in silence towards the cement structure.
24) 0) text: Ed enters his aunt’s roon. Evelyn takes a deep breath and plasters a smile on her face and enters--and exits with t objects barely missing her head.
27) 0) text: Idgie, dressed in ratty overalls and barefoot, is walking the house with a string of fish over her back and a fruit honey. It’s a beautiful spring day.
29) 0) text: A sign says Reverend Scro two snakes on the boat, wi once and for all.” We se bummy looking friends han as it drives by. ggins Preaching on hen he had a chance Why, just ten miles away, there lurks a den of th the maggots of liquor and sin abide. Run Eva Bates, a sister unspeakable acts of tion are performed “Why did Noah let to get rid of them @ Idgie, now early 20's, and sone ging out the window
32) 0) text: Idgie sits smoking her cigarettes, looking like the cat t just swallowed the canary.
33) 7) text: Oh no? Why do you think I’m over here for the summer? Your mother was so worried about you she thought because I was a teacher I might be able to talk some sense into you, but I can’t even find you mostly. You're too busy feeling sorry for yourself.
38) 0) text: They approach a train and Idgie sneaks up to a boxcar. Sh pulls out a large pry bar and wedges open the door and ho
39) 0) text: from Thoreau and THE CAMERA pulls back from full house and then IT TILTS down and tracks past the shoes of the students, polished, in nice order, one by S outside the classroon and comes to rest on a bandaged leg. CAMERA cranes up to reveal Idgie who listen the sounds of Nature, isolation a 48 INT. JULIAN AND CLEO’S ROOM Both boys are as goes through the her hand in, smi.
40) 0) text: Tdgie crawls alo; under her weight bandaged. She s another section room. Nothing. whispers. leep. Sound of morning birds chi. nd beauty. rping. Idgie Pockets of a pair of pants, finds nothing, then eases the top drawer of the dresser open enough to s les as her hand finds a set of car keys. ng a gutter connection that nearly gives way - It is rather difticult with her leg crambles to a more secure area, drops to of roof, taps on a closed window of Buddy’s old Taps again. Idgie opens the window. She
41) 0) text: A swarm of angry bees burst out of the tree and completel Tdgie. Ruth is scared out of her wits. Tdgie, humming, pu jar full of honey and honeycomb out of the tree and very starts walking back toward Ruth, comp.etely covered with As she walks softly away from the tree, the bees begin to off and return to their hives. When she gets back to Ruth there are only a half-dozen bees left in her hair.
42) 0) text: Idgie and Ruth walk into a darkened building whe- the lig come on and:
43) 0) text: CAMERA tracks past an unfinished card game, past empty li bottles towards two old pickups that have their lights tu on and we are watching one of the first night baseball ga ever played in the South. Idgie is pitching and Ruth is t umpire. Grady is at bat. Idgie throws a pitch.
44) 0) text: Mama is by the car which is packed with Ruth’s possession locks worried. A handsome man with Slicked back black hai waits impatiently. He is FRANK BENNETT. 65 INT. IDGIE’S ROOM - DAY Idgie is sitting on the side of her bed, staring out the at this man. Ruth knocks.
46) 0) text: A small town, much prettier than Whistle Stop, with a gen store, a drugstore, a barbershop, and a post office on &@ with a beautiful church on one side. The Threadgoode Mede chugs into town, parks at the store with the church in vi
47) 0) text: A beautiful summer day, fruit trees blossoming, birds sin The church is overflowing with well-dressed People. Acros yard, Julian’s Model T, parked in among the tree early invisible.
47) 1) text: Tdgie is curled up in the front seat drinking whiskey. S very drunk and very miserable. We hear muffled strains of the organ coming from the chur The door flies open and people burst out the door. a beau Ruth and good-looking FRANK Come down the stairs followed Ruth’s MOTHER, People gather around then, throwing rice. Prank tikes Ruth’s Mom by the hand ana gives her a big hu kiss. She blushes as Frank whispers something to her whic makes her smile and wave him off with her hand. Frank jum into the car with Ruth and heads off. Idgie sits Up and i drunken stupor murmurs goodbye to Ruth just as their car disappears around the corner, 69 OMIT 69 ¢ 70 MISSY’S HOME ~ NIGHT The children’s furniture is Pushed to the side, eight you women are sitting on exercise mats on the floor and are a Slacks. And Evelyn, looking younger and with a different hairstyle, in stockings, high heels and a@ dress. The TEA young and serious and is handing out mirro 3. .
48) 2) dialog: It’s just the two of us here. This Chicken is great.
48) 4) dialog: I’m just getting used to it being quiet in here and don’t go to those classes if they aren't helping you. Damn, the game’s rained out. ,
49) 0) text: Evelyn enters and is joined by Janeen. The two of them wa down the hallway.
50) 0) text: Janeen leaves and Evelyn enters and spots Ninny. Someone has dyed her hair bright purple.
50) 8) text: had just gotten married to Frank ' Bennett. EVELYN — Wasn’t that the name of the man that Idgie was arrested for murdering?
51) 0) text: Idgie in a Model T @riving up a dusty road leading to a l farmhouse. Idgie gets out of car. She is slender and has grown quite attractive. Three hound dogs are jumping up on her, barki trying to be petted. She knocks on the door. A frail OLD comes and opens the door.
60) 0) text: The boy climbs into a battered pickup with fat tires and tough girl in the passenger seat. Evelyn is on his heels, groceries in her arms.
61) 22) text: I didn’t know you had a child. | NINNY . Yes, I did. His name was Albert. He was a birth-injured child, so I had him with me until he was thirty, then | he just went to sleep and never woke
62) 0) text: Ruth is sitting up in bed with a blue ribbon tied around head, looking beautiful. Mama, Papa, and Idgie are gather around the bassinet looking at the baby.
64) 0) text: FIBBER MCGEE AND MOLLY is on the radio. The place is full railroad men. Idgie is serving a big table full of men, including Grady, Pete, Wilbur, and Julian. Ae wR AA re LIL 56 A STRANGER comes in the door and nervously walks up to Id He is wearing a worn-out dirty jacket, frayed brown shirt cracked leather laceless shoes. His name is SMOKEY LONESO
65) 0) text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s th one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
70) 0) text: Ruth is adjusting covers on the baby’s bed. She has a bottle in hand. She takes a blanket off of her bed and he outside.
71) 0) text: Ruth sees Smokey sleeping and gently puts a blanket over | body. He turns and looks at her. She is illuminated onl : _ the amber glow of a kerosene light. :
74) 0) text: Grady heads over to the robed group of men with Idgie in Pursuit. Big George has a shotgun in his mouth and two me wrapping a rope around his body.
75) 0) text: Ruth has just finished closing the door to the cafe behin Sipsey is rolling down the shades.
75) 6) text: He spots the baby in bed and takes a step forward toward Ruth runs over and gets the baby as Sipsey pokes the broo still has with her in Frank’s direction. :
79) 0) text: POV of a truck driving up near cafe. POV of someone headi the back of the cafe. POV of a dog coming at camera getti walloped on the head by a club. POV hand reaching out for doorknob.
89) 0) text: Evelyn is munching on Ninny’s Crackerjacks, entranced.
90) 0) text: It is Saturday and it is jammed. Evelyn drives up and dow lecking without luck for a parking space. Then, she stops behind an ELDERLY MAN who is very slowly unloading his groceries into the trunk of his car. She pulls over and t on her indicator, clearly waiting and out of the way. The man takes forever to finish.
93) 0) text: Evelyn is coming down the hall carrying a large bag of ca Janeen is pusning a gurney piled full of laundry. Evelyn it, panics, and throws herself back up against the wall, terrified. As Janeen goes by, she glances up at Evelyn an says:
94) 0) text: Evelyn is plowing through her bag of carrots. She is high agitated. Ninny is worried.
94) 6) dialog: What I can’t unde: stand is how you Could hit someone six times by accident,
94) 9) dialog: Are you trying to kill me?
97) 0) text: From this distance, we see a crowd is gathering. The trai stopped. The rope is swinging aimlessly above the tracks. Naughty Bird’s is on her knees, hysterically erying. Ruth approaches the crowd and they part. She lets out a scream she sees Buddy covered with blood. A car drives up to the accident site, Idgie picks up Buddy, his arm has been mau She carries a moaning Buddy Jr. to the car with the help Smokey Lonesome.
98) 0) text: The car careens to a halt an the car until a gurney is Jr. is placed on the hospital. a Big George carries Buddy Jr. from wheeled outside to meet then. Buddy gurney and hustled into the hospital. Ruth and Ideis run into the building while Big George fol but an ORDERLY stops Big George at the door. Big George watches Buddy, I’m sorry.
99) 0) text: Idgie, a bunch of kids, gathered around, an Eagle Here lies Buddy Jr.’s arn 1932-1937 So leng old pal. black and white, and a goat are Scout is playing "Taps." Buddy Jr. and Idgie, in old Arny hats, are standing at attention. B Jr. is saluting with his righ’ is missing above the elbow. t Ruth is praying and stops. arm. We see that the left one
100) 0) text: A black truck is pulled out of the river. It is rusted an worn. Tight on a Georgia plate. a sheriff's car rolls toa halt and out walks Grady Kilgore. He stares at the licens Plate and confers with his deputy. He is not happy.
101) 0) text: A small Southern courthouse sits proudly on Main Street. 135 INT. VALDOSTA COURTHOUSE - pay - DECEMBER 1938 L. High panelled ceilings and varnished oak grace the roon. and Grady are seated in the first row. Tdagie is on the s being questioned by the PROSECUTOR, a heavy-set, profusel sweating man with wavy hair, a gold watch chain across hi and an unctuous manner.
101) 5) text: FGT JA March 19, 1991 8c Scattered laughter. The JUDGE glares around and bangs his gavel. More laughter. head and looks
102) 40) text: | Well... not really. mf that judge had looked close enough, he would have seen 1 it was a copy of Moby Dick...
102) 41) text: ; But... why did he do it? | RUTH . wn For the sheer joy of seeing you in church again, which I suggested to him | would be your penance. FGT JA March 19, 1991
103) 0) text: Evelyn is in the process of demolishing a wall. a crow bar in one hand and a small sledge in the She is holding other. She is enjoying the process immensely, aided by Beethoven's Nint which gives her some real rhythm to her wrecking. and sees Evelyn bashing through some sheet rock. dumbfounded. What on Earth are you doing? Ed walks in Ed is
103) 3) dialog: Why don’t you step outside? Now stop this, right now. Evelyn takes her sledge and smashes a two by four and it splinters to the ground. That’s her answer. Ed just shaka his head and turns toward the dinner table.
103) 4) dialog: No dinner either? Evelyn just smiles. Ed turns and walks right out of the h
104) 0) text: A car with "Mary Kay" written on the side pulls into the parking lot. Evelyn, dressed in a bright pink dress with forest green scarf flowing behind her, gets out carrying shopping bag and heads for the door. Everything about her different, her stride, her figure--she’s become quite attractive.
105) 0) text: Evelyn is walking down the hallway towards Ninny’s room. she approaches the Aunt’s room, she hesitates as usual, b this time walks with dignity past the room. No projectile hurled. As she gets down the hall however, Mr. Dunaway ag comes rolling out of her room and has a non-fatal high sp collision with the wall. Evelyn stops and stares at him i awe. He’s fine and smiling.
106) 0) text: The cafe is closed. A sign out front says "Closed due to Illness". The paint is beginning to peel and the building echoing the sentiment of the sign.
107) 0) text: 91 Out around the back, the boys are in the midst of a ragin baseball game. Buddy Jr., now aged 7, is the littlest one his team. He is batting and he keeps missing the pitch, swinging awkwardly with one arm.
110) 0) text: Ruth is being buried. A large crowd is present. Scroggins preaching. Idgie and Stump aren’t present. Csmera pans an pans and pans until we find them in a neighboriny field, tossing a baseball back and forth, Ruth’s request satisfi
111) 0) text: Evelyn and Ninny are sitting on the porch; tears are stre down Evelyn’s face. A flock of birds fly by in the fall sky. Ninny shades her and looks up and watches them fade into the horizon. NINNY V.0. It’s funny how strong Ruth affected everyone. Even Smokey Lonesome. When he died a few years back, he had one possession on him, a picture of Ruth. I think it was the only thing Smokey ever stole. He was in love with her from the first time he saw her. Oh look at the birds... I shouldn’t have told you this.
112) 0) text: THE CAMERA TRACKS slowly past very polished and highly fashionable dr shoes. A pair of black wing tips, then whi pumps, black dress shoes, then white pumps, and so forth hear off screen the names of the graduates being announce THE CAMERA arrives at stockinged bare feet with shoes nea leaning on one another. THE CAMERA TRACKS up the leg reve a run in the stocking until a white dress comes in view a finally Idgie in a large hat, seated, trying not to fidge
113) 0) text: Two shoes are being carried in one hand and a small packa in Idgie’s other hand.
113) 18) dialog: I know, sometimes I even amaze myself,
113) 20) dialog: ++-T’m just sorry for the last few months. I’m not exactly sure whit is going on with you and I guess I aaven't been very helpful with your job and all... Why are you putting a wall up where you were just tearing one down?
113) 22) dialog: (walking on eggshells) I don’t mean to seem dense or anything, but what changed?
113) 24) dialog: IT don’t believe r gat your drift?
113) 26) dialog: -...: (broad smile) You‘re kidding?
113) 30) dialog: This is not a stray cat or something, She’s not even fan: ly.
113) 32) dialog: This is absolutely out of the question. Have you told her about this harebrained idea of yours?
113) 34) dialog: Good, now let’s just pretend this never even came up.
113) 36) dialog: It’s never going to happen so just forget it.
114) 0) text: Evelyn gets in the car, madder than hell, starts the engi thinks about going back in the house, until she hears a b sound. She realizes it’s hammering and Ed is the man behi the hammer. she smiles. 151 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - Day Evelyn comes down the hall carrying a picnic basket. As s passes by Ninny’s room and notices the door is open...she her head in, thinking she might be there...
114) 30) text: (jumps up thrilled) Mrs. Otis died!!! She grabs Janeen and gives her a big kiss. i i
114) 31) text: Not that I’m glad Mrs. otis died. It’s | just that. . . Suddenly her joy changes to alarn as she realizes that Ni headed home...
117) 20) text: And that night before Sipsey died, she told ne this dream that Jesus came to her, all Gressed in white. He was the conductor of a ghost train and was coming to take her to heaven.