0) 3) dialog: (not sure she’s heard anything) Nothing, I guess. The wind blows, but nothing is in sight. Evelyn looks at
0) 5) dialog: IT can’t find it. FGT JA March 19, 1991 back She smiles Politely. He reaches for the map. You've got a direction,
0) 6) text: Negative sense of Ed gets out of the car with the map and tries to o himself. Evelyn muses to herself, You‘re right found you. rient
0) 7) dialog: Ed. That must be how I 5 EXT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - pay A sterile one story cement blo area of Birmingham, A handful brown LTD pulls in. Ed and Ev front door in silence. Evelyn ck building in a semi-comm of cars in the park. elyn get. carries the flowers in the door, and Evelyn follows.
1) 0) text: Evelyn and Ed move through the Old people as they go down the JANEEN, a nurse. She is pushi: the hall. He is laughing and and wears thick glasses. (grabbing his hana ing lo
1) 5) dialog: (under her breath) Oh, Lord. Evelyn and Ed enter a room. There is some racket and Evelyn hurries out of the a hairbrush flies past her hea Prepares for a second attempt, room just as an obje + She ducks, then when: from w ct res sighs she notices Evelyn ithin, embling and FGT JA March 19, 1991
1) 7) dialog: If you think it’s best....Have a nice day, Aunt Vesta.
2) 0) text: Evelyn walks inte a back visitor’s lounge that is empty e for one OLD LADY in a faded sweater with a Christmas cors who is at a card table working a “Last Supper" jigsaw puz Evelyn, unhappy, sits down and takes a candy bar out of h purse. Just as she is about to take the first bite the ol woman speaks.
2) 3) dialog: (still trying to eat) I guess.
2) 5) dialog: Well, no.
2) 8) dialog: No, I don’t think so, Evelyn smiles Politely ang stands up,
4) 2) dialog: It sounds that way. Evelyn goes into her purse and brings out two more candy and offers Ninny one.
4) 3) dialog: Would you like one?
4) 5) dialog: No. Evelyn stands to leave, her purse falls and she makes a g gesture to catch it, but succeeds only in knocking the ji puzzle down to the floor.
4) 6) dialog: I’m so sorry. She starts to pick up the pieces.
4) 8) dialog: I don’t play. Evelyn is kneeling, hold. the pieces of the uzzle and to put it back together P and trying
17) 0) text: TIGHT ON Evelyn, who is caught up in the story in spite o herself. The jigsaw Pieces are now piled neatly on the ta
17) 1) dialog: That’s so sad.
17) 4) dialog: Excuse me, that’s my husband, Ed. He's ready to leave. (beat) I can’t believe Buddy died.
17) 6) dialog: Evelyn. Evelyn Couch. I’ve got to go.
17) 8) dialog: Okay. .
18) 0) text: Evelyn and Ed exit the Rursing home. Evelyn is reflecting Ninny’s story. FGT JA March 19, 1991
19) 0) text: On the blackboard "Romance! Magic! women in the class, middle-aged to ol or a tape recorder, including Evelyn. nicely dressed, is pacing across the intensely committed. Nurturing!" There are ten der, each with a notebook A young woman TEACHER, front of the class,
20) 3) text: (Evelyn smil and nods) Especially you, sweetheart. FGT JA March 19, 1991 li
22) 0) text: Evelyn has set the tube nicely, with fresh flowers, lit c and has a multi-course meal on the table waiting, only sh dressed in Saran Wrap, but in a nice outfit. she has made real effort. Ed drops his briefcase, grabs his plate and soeene television set and turns on the ball game. Evelyn deflated.
22) 1) dialog: Why don’t you sit at the table and have dinner with ne?
22) 3) dialog: Ed...If I answered the door wearing only Saran Wrap, would you still be watching the baseball game?
23) 0) text: Close on a box of donuts. A hand Pulis them out of a car reveal Evelyn carrying flowers to go with her snacks. She Ed head in silence towards the cement structure.
24) 0) text: Ed enters his aunt’s roon. Evelyn takes a deep breath and plasters a smile on her face and enters--and exits with t objects barely missing her head.
24) 1) dialog: (exiting) I’m glad you’re feeling better, Aunt Vesta. (to whoever’s listening) Good thing her eyesight’s failing. FGT JA March 19, 1991 1:
25) 0) text: Evelyn is sitting alone in the sunroom with a blank look face eating out of a huge box of donuts. Ninny spots her.
25) 2) dialog: Hi.
25) 4) dialog: (offering her one) Hope you like donuts, Mrs. Threadgoode.
25) 6) dialog: (long pause) How’s your friend doing?
47) 1) text: Tdgie is curled up in the front seat drinking whiskey. S very drunk and very miserable. We hear muffled strains of the organ coming from the chur The door flies open and people burst out the door. a beau Ruth and good-looking FRANK Come down the stairs followed Ruth’s MOTHER, People gather around then, throwing rice. Prank tikes Ruth’s Mom by the hand ana gives her a big hu kiss. She blushes as Frank whispers something to her whic makes her smile and wave him off with her hand. Frank jum into the car with Ruth and heads off. Idgie sits Up and i drunken stupor murmurs goodbye to Ruth just as their car disappears around the corner, 69 OMIT 69 ¢ 70 MISSY’S HOME ~ NIGHT The children’s furniture is Pushed to the side, eight you women are sitting on exercise mats on the floor and are a Slacks. And Evelyn, looking younger and with a different hairstyle, in stockings, high heels and a@ dress. The TEA young and serious and is handing out mirro 3. .
47) 5) dialog: I need to be excused for a moment. Missy, won't you come to the ladies room with me? Missy stares at her Sympathetically, but unsure of what t
47) 7) dialog: _NO...T...well...t didn’t realize--
47) 9) dialog: No, tia’am, but I do have @ problem with ny girdle. Evelyn walks out of the house 71 Ed walks in and startles Evelyn who immediately starts to up the immaculate dinner table. As is his custom, he take food and heads to the television, Evelyn scrambles after bringing his drink.
48) 1) dialog: Ed those classes I've been going to forever aren‘t helping us one bit. Let’s drive to Florida, like when we . got married. Kyle's gone and busy with his own life. It'd be just the two of us.
48) 3) dialog: Why thank you. _We could rent a boat and drift around in the hot sun. What do you think about it?
49) 0) text: Evelyn enters and is joined by Janeen. The two of them wa down the hallway.
49) 2) dialog: Fine, how are you? FGT JA March 19, 1991 41
49) 4) dialog: Maybe she’s Teeling better. They exchange a look when they see mr. Dunaway, dressed t kill, wheeling hinseir slowly into the aunt’s room--only come rolling out at high speed and nearly toppling with t contents of Evelyn's bag of treats following soon after h Evelyn and Janeen amile.
49) 5) dialog: Maybe she’s not.
50) 0) text: Janeen leaves and Evelyn enters and spots Ninny. Someone has dyed her hair bright purple.
50) 2) dialog: (trying not to appear shocked) Ahh. Who did it for you, darlin’?
50) 4) dialog: Just me alone. His aunt told him she didn’t -want any visitors, especially , us. It’s a shame. I think he feels LA bad, but Lord if he’ll talk to me about it. Since our son Kyle grew up and ‘ left home, he hardly talks to ne at , all, even during dinner.
50) 6) dialog: You never finished telling me about Tdgie.
50) 8) text: had just gotten married to Frank ' Bennett. EVELYN — Wasn’t that the name of the man that Idgie was arrested for murdering?
59) 0) text: CLOSE ON Evelyn staring at an issue of the NATIONAL ENQUI Headline: “Wife Kills Husband and Sells His Body Parts to Aliens."
59) 2) dialog: (Caught red handed, embarrassed) Oh, I’m sorry. I was just looking at the pictures, Missy.
59) 4) dialog: {turns bright rea) Thank you, but I’ve had enough learning for the time being. Evelyn takes her Package and heads for the door. As she s out the Exit Only, a teenaged BOY with a scraggly beard a mean eyes shoulders in, bumping into Evelyn, knocking her against the dog food.
59) 5) dialog: (a little laugh) Well, excuse me.
59) 7) dialog: There was no reason for you to be so rude back there. You were coming in the wrong door. BoY Get the hell away from me, you fat cow! He heads for the Exit with a six pack.
59) 8) dialog: (breathless) What did you call me? The boy exits, fast. Evelyn pursues.
60) 0) text: The boy climbs into a battered pickup with fat tires and tough girl in the passenger seat. Evelyn is on his heels, groceries in her arms.
60) 1) dialog: Why did you call me that? what have I ever done to you? Why are you being so mean to me?
61) 4) dialog: (glancing up) I don’t know. She continues to cry and eat her candy.
61) 6) dialog: I just feel so useless... so powerless.
61) 8) dialog: And I can’t stop eating. Everyday I try and try, and everyday I go off. I hide candy bars all over the house.
61) 10) dialog: (breaking down) One no, but not ten or eleven and rt can’t even look at my own vagina...
61) 12) dialog: I wish I had the courage to get it over with and get really fat..; Oh, Mrs. Threadgoode, I’m too old to be young, and too young to be old. Maybe I’n just crazy.
61) 14) dialog: Well, sometimes.
61) 16) dialog: How did you know? FGT JA March 28, 1991
61) 20) dialog: Really? Is that all?
89) 0) text: Evelyn is munching on Ninny’s Crackerjacks, entranced.
90) 0) text: It is Saturday and it is jammed. Evelyn drives up and dow lecking without luck for a parking space. Then, she stops behind an ELDERLY MAN who is very slowly unloading his groceries into the trunk of his car. She pulls over and t on her indicator, clearly waiting and out of the way. The man takes forever to finish.
91) 0) text: Evelyn taps her nails on the steering wheel. EVELYN . Come on. I don’t have forever. Let's go. FGT JA March 19, 1991 73
92) 0) text: The elderly man finds his keys in his left pants pocket a finally gets into his car. Evelyn puts her car into gear.
92) 1) dialog: Finally. The old man backs out carefully, toward Evelyn. Once ti.s of his car is out of the parking Place, a faded red VW Ra convertible zips in the wrong way and parks in the place. Two skinny, gum-chewing, teenage GIRLS hop out of the of which flaunts a bumper sticker that says, I BRAKE FOR RED and head past Evelyn toward the store. She leans out her window.
92) 2) dialog: Excuse me, but I was waiting for that space.
92) 5) dialog: (horse whisper)
92) 9) dialog: Face it honey, I’m older and I have more insurance.
93) 0) text: Evelyn is coming down the hall carrying a large bag of ca Janeen is pusning a gurney piled full of laundry. Evelyn it, panics, and throws herself back up against the wall, terrified. As Janeen goes by, she glances up at Evelyn an says:
93) 2) dialog: (smiles) Thank God, you scared me to death. They walk down the hall together.
94) 0) text: Evelyn is plowing through her bag of carrots. She is high agitated. Ninny is worried.
94) 1) dialog: I never get mad, Mrs. Threadgoode. Never. The way I was raised, it was bad manners. Well, I got mad and it felt terrific! I felt like I could beat the shit out of those punks, excuse my language, beat them to a pulp, beat them till they begged for mercy... With a wild laugh, Evelyn thrusts a fist into the air.
94) 2) dialog: TOWANDA, THE AVENGER! After I wipe out the punks of this world, I/11l take on the wife beaters, and machine gun their genitals. Put little bombs in PENTHOUSE and PLAYBOY so they explode when you open then. (Laughs) Towanda will go on the rampage! (getting more excited) Then, I’11 ban all fashion models weighing less than one hundred thirty pounds, give half the military budget to people over sixty-five, and decree wrinkles sexually desirable. She thrusts her fist into the air. FGT JA March 28, 1991 Ninny looks
94) 3) dialog: TOWANDA, RIGHTER oF WRONGS, QUEEN
94) 7) dialog: Oh, Ed, don’t make a big deal about it. He tastes his Supper and almost spits it out, - What is this?
94) 8) dialog: It’s a low cholesterol meal.
94) 10) dialog: If I was going to kill you, I’d use ny hands. Ed stares at her in total disbelief as she Continues jogg and a Baby Ruth falls out of the pouch of her Sweatshirt.
95) 0) text: Ninny is sea Evelyn walks
95) 4) dialog: \ You're welcome, Mrs. Threadgoode. But, you have to tell me something. Did Idgie murder Frank Bennett or not? Well, hold your horses, sweetheart. Where were we? (whispering to her) : You didn’t kill Ed, now, did you?
95) 5) dialog: 
102) 46) dialog: (handing Ninny a mirror) There, don’t you look pretty?
102) 48) dialog: I’m just so happy Idgie and Big bit in George got off... I would've killed Frank Bennett, if I could've. (calming herself down) Did anybody think she really did it?
103) 0) text: Evelyn is in the process of demolishing a wall. a crow bar in one hand and a small sledge in the She is holding other. She is enjoying the process immensely, aided by Beethoven's Nint which gives her some real rhythm to her wrecking. and sees Evelyn bashing through some sheet rock. dumbfounded. What on Earth are you doing? Ed walks in Ed is
103) 2) dialog: I need some light and air.
103) 5) dialog: Ed, do you ever wonder why I’ve been going to so many classes for all these years. I’ve been trying to save our marriage. (Ed stops and stares at her) What’s the point of my trying, if you just sit on your butt drinking beer and watching baseball? I’ve been making a mistake, all right. Instead of going to the Complete Woman Classes, I should have been going to Karate. Evelyn pauses for a moment and launches into another barr punishing hammer blows, accompanied by Ludwig Von B.
104) 0) text: A car with "Mary Kay" written on the side pulls into the parking lot. Evelyn, dressed in a bright pink dress with forest green scarf flowing behind her, gets out carrying shopping bag and heads for the door. Everything about her different, her stride, her figure--she’s become quite attractive.
105) 0) text: Evelyn is walking down the hallway towards Ninny’s room. she approaches the Aunt’s room, she hesitates as usual, b this time walks with dignity past the room. No projectile hurled. As she gets down the hall however, Mr. Dunaway ag comes rolling out of her room and has a non-fatal high sp collision with the wall. Evelyn stops and stares at him i awe. He’s fine and smiling.
105) 1) dialog: Why do you go back in there time after time?
105) 5) dialog: (smiles) Well, hello. How are you? I’ve heard so much about you from mrs. Threadgoode.
105) 7) dialog: (pleased) Well, it was her idea you know. How is Mrs. Otis doing, by the way?
105) 10) dialog: Well, I’m glad to hear it.: I know Mrs. Threadgoode has been anxious to get home for some time now...
105) 12) dialog: Yes. I think she’s mostly worried about her house.
105) 14) dialog: What? FGT JA March 19, 1991 8s
105) 16) dialog: (devastated) Oh no. Does she know that?
105) 20) dialog: They’re lovely.
105) 22) dialog: I just got here. I shouldn’t’ve woken you up.
105) 24) dialog: So do I, to tell you the truth, Mrs. Threadgoode, so do I. You know, it’s funny, the people in Whistle Stop seem more real to me than my own life. I brought you something for your birthday. FGT JA March 19, 1991 Ninny opens a box with a birthday cake in it and some tri . green tomatoes that Evelyn made wrapped-in a tin contai Evelyn starts to hang party decorations all over the room
105) 26) dialog: It’s your recipe. Are they cold?
105) 28) dialog: Are you all right?
111) 0) text: Evelyn and Ninny are sitting on the porch; tears are stre down Evelyn’s face. A flock of birds fly by in the fall sky. Ninny shades her and looks up and watches them fade into the horizon. NINNY V.0. It’s funny how strong Ruth affected everyone. Even Smokey Lonesome. When he died a few years back, he had one possession on him, a picture of Ruth. I think it was the only thing Smokey ever stole. He was in love with her from the first time he saw her. Oh look at the birds... I shouldn’t have told you this.
111) 1) dialog: I hate death. It scares me so.
113) 17) dialog: Oh Ed, how sweet. Lilies, ny favorite.
113) 19) dialog: What is the occasion?
113) 23) dialog: The air and the light. Ea, you know how you used to tell me how you’d always dreamed of having two women in your house? (Ed smiles slightly) What if I were the younger of the two?
113) 25) dialog: I want something more than I’ve ever wanted anything before. ZI want to bring Mrs, Threadgoode to our house. I want her to live here. I want to give her the home and the love she’s given to me. FGT JA March 19, 1991 102
113) 27) dialog: I’m absolutely serious, That’s why I’n putting the wall to Kyle’s room back up.
113) 28) text: Evelyn, this is not Something you just do. She’s an old woman, Who's going take care of her if she get’s sick?
113) 29) dialog: Iwill. I can’t leave her in that hone.
113) 31) dialog: She’s family to me. Please Ed, do this for ne?
113) 33) dialog: Not yet.
113) 35) dialog: I’m earning money now. I/11 pay for everything and you wont have to do a thing.
113) 37) dialog: {losing it) Don’t ever say never to me. Don’t talk to me like I’m some kind of pet that goes wherever you point. Ed Couch, just because you’re stuck in a rut doesn’t mean I’n going to live there with you forever. FGT JA March 19, is91 10 EVELYN (CONT ’D) (calmly but deadly) -:. -.,Someona helped. ne put-a-mirror in front of my face and I didn’t like what I saw one bit and you know what I did, I changed. And you better too, cause that someone was Mrs. Threadgoode, and she needs my love and care now and I’m going to give it to her, with you or without you. Evelyn walks to the kitchen and picks Up a covered plate slowly out the door. And then pops back in smiling.
113) 38) dialog: And if you won’t listen to reason, there's always Towanda. She tosses a baseball bat across the room and it rolls ri to Ed’s feet. she leaves. Ed Picks up the bat and starts swing it at some phantem baseball and then he takes a pie food on the table and eats it. He nods. It’s good.
114) 0) text: Evelyn gets in the car, madder than hell, starts the engi thinks about going back in the house, until she hears a b sound. She realizes it’s hammering and Ed is the man behi the hammer. she smiles. 151 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - Day Evelyn comes down the hall carrying a picnic basket. As s passes by Ninny’s room and notices the door is open...she her head in, thinking she might be there...
114) 1) dialog: Hello... She stops cold as she sees Ninny’s bed STRIPPED AND BARE! YOUNG NURSE she has never seen before is ripping down all Ninny’s pictures off the wall...throwing them in a waste basket...
114) 2) dialog: What are you doing? Stop that!! Those are Mrs. Threadgoode’s things.... Evelyn goes over to her and picks up the waste basket and things out.
114) 3) dialog: (continuing) What are you doing in here? Where is Mrs. Threadgoode?
114) 5) text: FGT JA March 19, 1991 1o- Evelyn furious...is trying to put things back on the wall
114) 6) dialog: Mrs. Threadgoode. ..the woman who lives here. Are you deaf?!
114) 8) dialog: Oh God, when did it happen?
114) 10) dialog: Stop that, goddammit...what’s the matter with you People? Can’t you wait a goddamn day for Chrissakes? Don’t you have any respect? Those are her things. She clutches the torn pieces of paper to her and sobs.
114) 12) dialog: Well, she may be just another patient to you, but she was my friend and Ir loved her.
114) 14) dialog: Don’t you touch then. Get out!! Just get out!! Janeen comes in the door alarmed at the noise.
114) 16) dialog: Oh shut up. what aid you do, throw her out with the laundry?
114) 18) dialog: Why didn’t you call me? You couj4 have at least called before you sent uhtgs idiot in here... how upset Evelyn is and motions for the nurse to
114) 20) dialog: I didn’t even get to tell her goodbye and thank her for helping ne.
114) 22) dialog: Happy?
114) 24) dialog: To be dead? .
114) 26) dialog: T don’t understand. A cab?
114) 28) dialog: Mrs. Otis died? Janeen looks at her confused. FGT JA March 19, 1992
114) 32) dialog: ' Oh my God, I’ve got to stop her... Evelyn runs out of the roon. The young nurse comes back i ' looks at Janeen. i JANEEN (continuing to clean the room) She’s a nice woman, but I think she has ’ some serious emotional problens.
115) 0) text: ~ Evelyn runs out and jumps into her car and squeals out parking lot. She goes about a half a block and slams on t brakes.
116) 0) text: Evelyn is desperately Searching for a map in the glove compartment... —
116) 1) dialog: (distressed, looking at map) Where the hell is Whistle Stop....? That’s right, it’s not on the map.
117) 2) dialog: (impatient) know. Just tell me how I get there.
117) 6) dialog: No, honey. You're not crazy. This is the place.
117) 8) dialog: Nobody stole it, honey. They had to tear it down--it was condemned. I’m sorry, I should have told you before. I was going to. . , Ninny turns and looks at the empty lot.
117) 10) dialog: But that’s not true. You're here. You’re what’s important. Come on, let’s go home.
117) 12) dialog: You can look after me and Ed. FGT JA March 19, 1991 Ninny starts to s
117) 14) dialog: Don’t you know you'd be like a gift for us? You're the reason that I get up every morning and that Mary Kay is having such a good year, and that I don’t look like a blob from some horror movie. Well, maybe with a little help from Idgie and Ruth. Come on. Let’s go to my place. prepared, T’ve got a room all
117) 16) dialog: He’ll grow to love it. mile and she head: iS Slowly toward town.
117) 18) dialog: No, you didn’t,
121) 8) dialog: Did Idgie really barbecue Frank Bennett, or are you Pulling my leg?
121) 10) dialog: Ninny, you've got to come to ny home and live with me. You've got. to.
121) 12) dialog: Ho. She told Ed she didn’t want to leave Mr. Dunaway--thank God! !
121) 14) dialog: Don’t you like her either?
121) 16) dialog: Come on, let’s walk back to the car.
121) 18) dialog: What? *
121) 25) dialog: Sipsey! My God. le That fryi: vata th £ vying pan More than fry Chicken that night. FGT JA March 19, 1991 un Ninny points at a tombstone which reads. "Ruth Jameson, B 1903=-Died 1939. Gone but net Forgotten." There’s sone wildflowers and a note resting in the shade below the sto Evelyn picks up the note revealing a small jar of honey. opens the note and reads its) "77i7 always love you, the beecharner." Evelyn sniles to herself and then notices Ni walking out of the cemetery towards the town of Whistle S Evelyn impulsively cries out:
121) 26) dialog: Idgie? Ninny instinctively turns her head and smiles at Evelyn, shakes her head for a second and then Scurries after her. the distance we can see Evelyn approach Ninny.
121) 27) dialog: Tdgie’s still alive?
121) 29) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
121) 31) dialog: Oh. . . You've been holding out on nme, haven’t you? Let/s go home and then you’ll have to tell me everything. Arm in arm they walk through the Gilapidated remains of t town of Whistle Stop. Evelyn starts asking Ninny all the questions that now come to her mind about Idgie’s life. T voices from the Past echo through this repository of memo until we again hear the ghost train’s whistle and the cla of its wheels as it approaches the town. The red leaves o fall start blowing in the wind as the train noise crescen And again no train actually appears. down, everybody just scattered to the winds. It was never more than just a little knockabout Place, but now that 1 look back on it, when that care closed, the heart of the town just stopped beating, It is funny how a little Place like this brought so many people together. FGT JA March 19, 1991 THE CAMERA CRANES DOWN past Ninny and Evelyn as they walx through the town. . THE CAMERA CONTINUES over the vines o Green Tomatoes, served at the whistle Stop Cafe." THE END.