44) 0) text: Mama is by the car which is packed with Ruth’s possession locks worried. A handsome man with Slicked back black hai waits impatiently. He is FRANK BENNETT. 65 INT. IDGIE’S ROOM - DAY Idgie is sitting on the side of her bed, staring out the at this man. Ruth knocks.
47) 1) text: Tdgie is curled up in the front seat drinking whiskey. S very drunk and very miserable. We hear muffled strains of the organ coming from the chur The door flies open and people burst out the door. a beau Ruth and good-looking FRANK Come down the stairs followed Ruth’s MOTHER, People gather around then, throwing rice. Prank tikes Ruth’s Mom by the hand ana gives her a big hu kiss. She blushes as Frank whispers something to her whic makes her smile and wave him off with her hand. Frank jum into the car with Ruth and heads off. Idgie sits Up and i drunken stupor murmurs goodbye to Ruth just as their car disappears around the corner, 69 OMIT 69 ¢ 70 MISSY’S HOME ~ NIGHT The children’s furniture is Pushed to the side, eight you women are sitting on exercise mats on the floor and are a Slacks. And Evelyn, looking younger and with a different hairstyle, in stockings, high heels and a@ dress. The TEA young and serious and is handing out mirro 3. .
50) 8) text: had just gotten married to Frank ' Bennett. EVELYN — Wasn’t that the name of the man that Idgie was arrested for murdering?
51) 14) dialog: (from upstairs) Who’s down there?
51) 21) dialog: What’d she say about custard?
56) 0) text: Frank Bennett drives up and notices the door.
57) 7) dialog: What the hell’s going on here?!
57) 9) dialog: Who the hell are you?
65) 0) text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s th one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
75) 6) text: He spots the baby in bed and takes a step forward toward Ruth runs over and gets the baby as Sipsey pokes the broo still has with her in Frank’s direction. :
75) 9) dialog: (sarcastically) Oh, come on now, Ruth...You wouldn’t deny a father the right to see his own son now, would you? He takes another step forward. FGT JA March 19, 1991
75) 13) dialog: I’ll be back...and then, you and the | Frank stands there looking at the baby...the man at the | baby’11l be back.
118) 3) dialog: Get away from ne, nigger, before 1 kill you. He slams her with the butt of the gun across the wide of face. She crashes against the wall, slides to the floor, cold, blood coming from her ear. Naughty Bird wakes Up, s and runs to her. Bennett picks up the baby, wraps him in blanket, and carries him out the back door.
119) 0) text: Frank comes out the back door, opens the door to his truc slips the Sleeping baby onto the seat. As he backs out of the truck, Sipsey appears behind him, blood on her face, and clobbers him over the head with an skillet. We hear a thunk. He falls heavy and silent as a Sipsey steps over the body and gathers the baby out of th into her arms.