2) 7) text: After her son died, her daughter-~in-.ay had a fit tor her to cone and live at Come with her and be her roommate. Mrs. otis doesn’t know it, but Im going back home just as soon as she gets settled in Sood and then 1 reckon I’ll visit her every day. Does the name Idgie Threadgoode ting a bell?
2) 11) dialog: (sniles) Any bets? FGT JA March 19, 1991 (no takers) Why don’t you some hunting with us this weekend, Ruth?
2) 13) dialog: Looks like mine again.
2) 15) dialog: in or out? any cards, Remember Ruth,
2) 17) dialog: Pay to see. Ruth antes up. ° GRADY Idgie, I’ve got to talk to you...In private.
2) 18) dialog: Ah Grady, why don’t you sit in and r/11 deal you a new han Gladys won’t mind. Before Idgie can undo the current hand, Ruth turns over I hand revealing nothing, not even deuces. Ruth reveals a p aces and then smiles contentedly. I’m just tryin for any tricks
2) 19) dialog: ig to teach you not to fall
3) 0) text: A small green and white buildin saying "The Whistle Stop Cafe". together and move away from the ady who tips his hat to Ruth. ig with a white awning and a sign Idgie and Grady walk out cafe in silence. FGT JA March 19, 1991 The only sound is a large Black Man in his forties, BIG G chopping wood. Idgie s es that this is serious.
3) 4) dialog: What’s up?
3) 6) dialog: What’s gonna happen now?...
3) 8) dialog: (puzzled) For what?
3) 10) dialog: What about Big George?
3) 12) dialog: But it suit them fine to stretch some rope around Big George’s neck. I can’t let em do that, Grady.
3) 14) dialog: (after a while) ++I can’t do that. Idgie watches Big George working in the distance. Grady n Idgie walks over and whispers to Big George and then look at Ruth who is watching from the cafe window.
6) 8) text: She looks like a monkey. Idgie runs at the mocking Julian and jumps hin, ripping h dress in the process. Buddy pulls her off and she runs ou the house stripping as she goes.
7) 0) text: Idgie is up the tree in her underwear, sulking. Buddy cli the tree with the comfort and confidence of acat. He sits to her. Idgie is Clearly upset. There’s a long beat as Bu contemplates his sister’s predicament. FGT JA March 19, 1991 10
7) 2) dialog: , You’re supposed to wrap it around till it hurts and stick pins into your brain.
7) 8) dialog: | Nope.
7) 10) dialog: , Nope.
7) 12) dialog: The oysters? No...
7) 14) dialog: What?
7) 16) dialog: Do you think God makes mistakes?
7) 18) dialog: You will not.
7) 21) dialog: Did not. She jumps on Buddy, who growls at her with monster noises Idgie shrieks with delight and runs ors to the house. Bud smiles, picks up her shoes, slaps the soles together and after his sister. :
8) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks Slowly past the assembled family, revea one by one the Threadgoodes dressed in their finest, incl Julian who has a black eye. :Finally,. the camera finds e Space and slowly drops down revealing Idgie dressed in a velvet pants suit, with a green velvet tie, a smile plast on her face.
9) 0) text: ' fhe whole town is there and everyone is congratulating Mama is busy supervising the Party. Sipsey and Big George loading the tables which have been set up with food and i tea. Buddy with Idgie riding on his shoulders comes through th crowd. All the young girls look at him and smile and gigg BUDDY . Now don’t you look beautiful today, Lily.
9) 1) dialog: Yes Lily, you look beautiful today. Lily just blushes wildly.
9) 8) dialog: Whatever you do, don’t think about then with no Clothes on, 17” soExT. RAILROAD TRACKS = LATE AFTERNOON The sound of @ train in distance, Tdgie is following Ruth is following Buddy, who is Walking backwards on the track talking. Tdgie finishes every second sentence for her bro and he sniles, unruffled by her enthusiasn
10) 0) text: 14 Buddy kiases Ruth passionately. She reciprocates. Her hat falls off. Idgie looks at them from a distance, shakes he head disparagingly and looks away.
11) 0) text: Idgie swings over the tracks on a rope that dangles from nearby branch. Ruth hesitates and ther 8uddy holds her an swings with her. She loves it. Her hat ralls off again.
13) 0) text: A group has gathered around Buddy’s broken bedy. on the outskirts of the crowd, Julian is desperately trying to p hysterical Idgie away. Ruth is crying by the side of the tracks but she tries to hug Idgie, who pushes her brusque away.
13) 1) dialog: (struggling) Let me go! Let me go! FGT JA March 19, 1992 1s
13) 3) dialog: You...You...Necoco!!! Idgie starts blindly to hit Ruth as if to beat away the t Ruth tries to hold Idgie but she breaks away and runs cal
13) 4) dialog: Buddy, Buddy!! LONG SHOT as she pushes her way through the crowd. We hea heartbreaking scream of pain as she reaches Buddy. She sc his name as if trying to bring him back to life...
13) 5) dialog: 
15) 0) text: Idgie running through the woods, the twigs and brush lash tender skin. :
16) 0) text: Darkness, virtual silence. The river the only constant so except for the occasional lonely hoot of an owl. Silhouet are the only visible shapes as THE CAMERA searches for li finds first a fire and then the hunched shape of Big Geor nearby. He gets up carrying a blanket and heads toward th diminutive figure of Idgie shivering by the river. He dra the blanket over her shoulders. She nods a thanks to him goes to sit by the fire. The blanket falls off of Idgie’s shoulders, and she does not notice. Big George gets up to repeat the gesture as the distant wail of a train echoes the night.
26) 0) text: Idgie is jumping fron freight car to freight car. She is her late teens, but looks younger. She is agile, and grac ea wild look in her eyes. The more dangerous the stunt, t more laughter it provokes from her. She Climbs down into freight car and starts dumping something overboard. PGT JA March 19, 1991 20
27) 0) text: Idgie, dressed in ratty overalls and barefoot, is walking the house with a string of fish over her back and a fruit honey. It’s a beautiful spring day.
27) 1) dialog: Mama! ! Mama and Sipsey are watering the ferns. Mama’s eyes light _when she hears Idgie’s voice.
27) 2) dialog: Mama.
27) 5) dialog: Who?
27) 7) dialog: (she goes pale) Is that why you wanted to see me?
27) 11) dialog: 21 (trying to control her displeasure) t are you doing here? Tdgie, here, helping out at the Idgie runs off.
29) 0) text: A sign says Reverend Scro two snakes on the boat, wi once and for all.” We se bummy looking friends han as it drives by. ggins Preaching on hen he had a chance Why, just ten miles away, there lurks a den of th the maggots of liquor and sin abide. Run Eva Bates, a sister unspeakable acts of tion are performed “Why did Noah let to get rid of them @ Idgie, now early 20's, and sone ging out the window
29) 1) dialog: Hey Scroggins! ya finally about something of a pickup truck preaching your kin to--snakes! FGI JA March 19, 1991 22
32) 0) text: Idgie sits smoking her cigarettes, looking like the cat t just swallowed the canary.
32) 1) dialog: I/1l see you and raise you twenty. Grady eyes her suspiciously.
32) 3) dialog: Well, maybe I do, and maybe I don’t. But now it’s gonna cost you thirty cents to find out. TIGHT ON Idgie’s hand. She has three aces--and a pair of Ruth enters the screen door and shades her eyes.
32) 6) dialog: What the hell are you doing here? ‘RUTH T came to talk to you.
32) 7) dialog: Well, you’ll have to wait. I/’s busy. EVA . Pull up a chair and have a seat, honey. Can I get you a beer? FGT JA March 19, 1991
32) 9) dialog: Come on, Grady. Here’s your big chance. are you in or out? Everyone at the table is very uncomfortable at having Rut there, and one by one the nen throw their cards on the ta waiting for something to happen. Ruth goes over and start picking up Idgie’s money.
32) 11) dialog: What the hell are you doing?? (to others) Nice meeting you. Say goodbye, Idgie. All nod and mumble something as Ruth heads out the door w dumbfounded Idgie right behind her.
32) 14) dialog: Who the hell are you to boss me around?
33) 0) text: They head to the truck and Idgie sees Big George.
33) 1) dialog: Thanks a lot, pal. (To Ruth) Give ne ny money back.
33) 3) dialog: I’1l leave here when I good and well want to. Have a nice trip home! _ Big George shakes his head.
33) 6) dialog: I’m not doing anything to my mother.
33) 8) dialog: | What are you talking about? RUTH ; Idgie, you are not the only one who lost Buddy. ) Idgie freezes at the mention of his name for a moment, turns and walks away while Ruth stands her ground.
33) 10) dialog: | Who the hell are you to talk about my ' brother? If it hadn’t been for you in ’ : the first place--You... Just mind your own goddamn business and give me my money back, Ruth drops the money and heads back to the truck.
36) 7) dialog: What are you laughing at?
37) 0) text: Julian walks out of the building with a serious bruise on cheek and glares at Idgie. Ruth walks outside and Idgie c up to her.
37) 1) dialog: I was thinking about some of the things you were saying and I’@ like to show you something. What is it?
37) 2) dialog: Lemme show you. You gotta hurry though. They start walking briskly towards the railroad tracks.
38) 0) text: They approach a train and Idgie sneaks up to a boxcar. Sh pulls out a large pry bar and wedges open the door and ho
38) 1) dialog: Hop in.
38) 3) dialog: Oh, give me your hand. Idgie pulls Ruth up into the car.
38) 4) dialog: Well, look at all this. We see cans and produce of the day stacked inside the car
38) 6) dialog: Well, you said I was selfish and I’n gonna show you that you’re wrong.
38) 8) dialog: This is something Buddy and I used to do. FGT JA March 19, 1991 27 Ruth looks out the train and she looks a little queasy.
38) 9) dialog: You all right?
38) 11) dialog: Don’t look down. Ruth smiles politely as Idgie litts up a handful of cans foodstuffs and walks to the open area of the car. She sta tossing them out the door.
38) 13) dialog: Come look. Ruth does not relish the idea of going so close to the ed she steels herself and looks out and sees the hungry face poor black families and migrant workers who are waiting anxiously for Idgie’s gifts,
38) 14) dialog: You talk about give unto others.
38) 16) dialog: That’s Church talk. Well, I’ve seen those same people who are on their knees at church on Sunday over at Eva‘s on Monday, on their knees again, but praying to a different God, Idgie throws out an armful of food as the children scurry and some of the men shout "Thanks Railroad Bill."
38) 17) dialog: Come on. Help! Ruth is ina quandary, but one more look at those hungry f outside and Ruth begins to help too.
38) 18) dialog: All right, time to get off. Ruth again is puzzled. The train comes out of the tunnel.
38) 19) dialog: All right, jump. FCT JA March 19, 1is91
38) 21) dialog: Yeah, jump. The next stop is five miles down the tracks. I dont want to walk that far back. Now jump. Ruth freezes.
38) 23) dialog: I really want you to jump so we don’t have to walk too far back.
38) 25) dialog: You/ll never jump, will you?
38) 28) dialog: I’m fine. She tries to stand and crumples in pain to the ground.
38) 29) dialog: I’m all right. Ruth looks at her leg and it’s quite obviously hurt. Ruth some cloth out of her dress and wraps it around the wound leg. -_-— eee FGT JA March 19, 1991 Ruth tries to pick Tdgie up, but it’ painful. Ruth approaches Ruth is reading her, revealing a
38) 35) dialog: 8 very difficult ana You'll never be able to carry me that far. (Ruth gives her a look) know, never ever Say never.
38) 37) dialog: I can’t tell you. Damn. + + I’m really sorry about this. the tracks and slowly starts to trudge home.
39) 0) text: from Thoreau and THE CAMERA pulls back from full house and then IT TILTS down and tracks past the shoes of the students, polished, in nice order, one by S outside the classroon and comes to rest on a bandaged leg. CAMERA cranes up to reveal Idgie who listen the sounds of Nature, isolation a 48 INT. JULIAN AND CLEO’S ROOM Both boys are as goes through the her hand in, smi.
40) 0) text: Tdgie crawls alo; under her weight bandaged. She s another section room. Nothing. whispers. leep. Sound of morning birds chi. nd beauty. rping. Idgie Pockets of a pair of pants, finds nothing, then eases the top drawer of the dresser open enough to s les as her hand finds a set of car keys. ng a gutter connection that nearly gives way - It is rather difticult with her leg crambles to a more secure area, drops to of roof, taps on a closed window of Buddy’s old Taps again. Idgie opens the window. She
40) 1) dialog: Aren’t you ready yet? FGT JA March 19, 1992 30
40) 4) dialog: No. I told you that I wanted to show , you something before you go. It’s a surprise. Julian even loaned me the keys to his car, Sipsey made us a picnic. ' ‘30 TO 57 OMIT SO TO 57 op
40) 8) dialog: I want to show you something, something that guy Thoreau, you were talking about, would like, You gotta swear you'll never tell another living soul about it. Exasperated Ruth walks out of the woods into a lovely sun meadow. Ruth carries the picnic basket, Idgie hobbles alo carries a blanket. There is a fallen tree at the far end Meadow. Idgie drops the blanket under an old shade tree, an empty jelly jar out of the picnic basket. -——  ~—— |
40) 9) dialog: Stay here. No matter what happens, don’t move. And be quiet. Don’t make any ! noise, whatever you do.
40) 10) text: What are you going to de? — --~- —w FGT JA March 19, 1991 31 Idgie heads for the fallen tree, halfway there she glance to see if Ruth is watching. She is. TIdgie approaches the humming softly, and eases her jar into the hollow in the
41) 1) dialog: {grinning like a fool) Here, madam, this is for you. She hands the jar to Ruth. Ruth looks down and doesn’t ta jar.
41) 3) dialog: Shh. Quiet. Youll frighten the bees.
41) 5) dialog: I do it all the time. I never get stung. I’m sorry. Don’t you want the honey? Don’t be mad at me, Ruth. I just wanted to give you a going away present. :
41) 7) dialog: Please don’t be mad at me. The bees won’t sting unless you stir ‘en up. They’11 give you their honey. You‘re the only person that... Idgie is now very upset. Ruth puts her arms around Idgie.
41) 9) dialog: (Idgie stares at her for a long beat) Buddy loved you, didn’t he? (Ruth nods) Do you still think about him? FGT JA March 19, 1991 32
41) 11) dialog: So do I... He brought me here. He taught me how to listen to the bees, how to get the honey. (beat) Is it bad what I did?
41) 13) dialog: T thought it might be crazy or sonething.
41) 15) dialog: (Long Beat)... You Like me don’t you?
41) 17) dialog: That’s good. I like you too, a lot. Are you really going home right away? The summer’s hardly begun.
41) 19) dialog: (Tdgie nods affirmatively) (beat) You know, Ruth, I would kill for you, if anybody ever hurt you.
41) 21) dialog: No, it isn’t. I'd rather kill for love than hate, wouldn't you? Ruth laughs. How else do you respond to this one?
41) 23) dialog: You wanna taste it? Ruth nods and Idgie scoops some more on her finger and of it to Ruth who tastes the honey.
41) 25) dialog: You up?
41) 27) dialog: You have the most beautiful scent. (laughs) It’s perfume. It’s imported, from Paris France.
41) 28) dialog: It smells like lilac ana wild berries. (beat) What did you and Buddy talk about mostly?
41) 30) dialog: You know what disturbs me? I can’t remember his smell. (Ruth takes Idgie‘’s hand) Tell me everything you know about Buddy.
42) 0) text: Idgie and Ruth walk into a darkened building whe- the lig come on and:
42) 3) dialog: Now tonight we're going to have a real party. Drink this and ther we'll play some poker.
43) 0) text: CAMERA tracks past an unfinished card game, past empty li bottles towards two old pickups that have their lights tu on and we are watching one of the first night baseball ga ever played in the South. Idgie is pitching and Ruth is t umpire. Grady is at bat. Idgie throws a pitch.
43) 9) dialog: You‘re up now, Ruth.
43) 11) dialog: And you never drink either. Just hold the bat and swing. 1/1) pitch it easy to you. Grady helps her hold the bat and she stands wobbly at the and Idgie lathers up the ball and prepares to pitch.
43) 15) dialog: End of game, that ball’s lost. You ever skinny dipped in a river by moonlight?
43) 18) dialog: A clean one at that.
43) 20) dialog: It’s about time you crossed the line. You/ve always done the right thing. You took care of your daddy, the preacher, when he took sick. You take care of all the kids at the church school. And you're gonna take care of your mother. ~--+- —~ FGT JA March 19, 1991 36
43) 22) dialog: That's enough fun for one night. You’re gonna get married?
43) 24) dialog: Why spoil the fun? Do you love him? Ruth starts to laugh.
43) 26) dialog: Well you've gotta do what you’ve gotta do, I guess... We better get you home.
44) 0) text: Mama is by the car which is packed with Ruth’s possession locks worried. A handsome man with Slicked back black hai waits impatiently. He is FRANK BENNETT. 65 INT. IDGIE’S ROOM - DAY Idgie is sitting on the side of her bed, staring out the at this man. Ruth knocks.
44) 1) dialog: Come in.
44) 3) dialog: T know. FGT JA March 19, 1991 37
44) 6) dialog: (interrupting) , You don’t have to. I know why you’re leaving. I understand that. your Mother needs you to take care of her and that your fiance, what’s his name. o. : Frank Bennett.
44) 7) dialog: ' + ° 18 waiting for you. I understand. 8 for everything.
44) 9) dialog: Yes, I’m fine. (she smiles) ' Can’t you see I’n smiling? You better , gO, or you’ll be late.
44) 13) dialog: Why are you marrying him? FGl JA March 19, 1991 38
44) 15) dialog: You don’t love him. You don’t. You know you don’t. You really want to stay here with us. I rnow you do. We love you.
44) 17) dialog: Then tell me you love hin.
44) 19) dialog: (Idgie is crazed) See. You‘re the liar, not me and I hate you and I hope you die! 1 don’t ever want to see you again as long as I live! I hate you! Liar! Ruth grabs her by the shoulders and shakes her.
44) 21) dialog: T hope you rot in hell! Ruth slaps her hard across the face. Idgie looks at her speechless, stunned. Ruth nearly takes her in her arms, b the last minute, without touching her, turns and walks ou clesing the door softly.
45) 0) text: A series of shots of Idgie driving Julian's Model T at ni at dawn.
47) 1) text: Tdgie is curled up in the front seat drinking whiskey. S very drunk and very miserable. We hear muffled strains of the organ coming from the chur The door flies open and people burst out the door. a beau Ruth and good-looking FRANK Come down the stairs followed Ruth’s MOTHER, People gather around then, throwing rice. Prank tikes Ruth’s Mom by the hand ana gives her a big hu kiss. She blushes as Frank whispers something to her whic makes her smile and wave him off with her hand. Frank jum into the car with Ruth and heads off. Idgie sits Up and i drunken stupor murmurs goodbye to Ruth just as their car disappears around the corner, 69 OMIT 69 ¢ 70 MISSY’S HOME ~ NIGHT The children’s furniture is Pushed to the side, eight you women are sitting on exercise mats on the floor and are a Slacks. And Evelyn, looking younger and with a different hairstyle, in stockings, high heels and a@ dress. The TEA young and serious and is handing out mirro 3. .
50) 8) text: had just gotten married to Frank ' Bennett. EVELYN — Wasn’t that the name of the man that Idgie was arrested for murdering?
50) 15) dialog: How’d she know where I was going? Sipsey walks in.
51) 0) text: Idgie in a Model T @riving up a dusty road leading to a l farmhouse. Idgie gets out of car. She is slender and has grown quite attractive. Three hound dogs are jumping up on her, barki trying to be petted. She knocks on the door. A frail OLD comes and opens the door.
51) 1) dialog: (nervously) Is Ruth at home?
51) 3) dialog: (very nervous) Just tell her it’s the bee charner fron Alabama.
51) 7) dialog: (awkwardly handing her the package) Hi Mama said to give this pie...look uh, what I said about rotting in hell, I...I don’t hate you. I think you/re probably the finest person I’ve ever met. So I’m sorry. We all miss you and Mama and Papa’ll welcome you back for a visit anytime. FGT JA March 19, 1991 44
51) 10) dialog: Don’t say it so loud. How come you don’t write at all, even to Mama? Ruth hears a noise from inside the house. As she turns, t light strikes her face and reveals a black eye. There is activity inside the house.
51) 11) dialog: Are you all right?
51) 13) dialog: You don’t look fine. Where'd you get the shiner?
51) 16) dialog: He didn’t hit you, did he?
51) 18) dialog: He did. He beat you. Well m’m going to beat him to a pulp.
51) 20) dialog: You touch her again, you bastard, and 1/11 tear your eyes out and kill you quicker than you can say Custer. Frank arrives at the door, towelling his wet head. He see pie in Ruth’s hands.
52) 2) dialog: Grady.
52) 4) dialog: I say hey. This is a bad time to be bugging me... (Grady folds his arms and waits) Oh, you don’t want to marry me, Grady Kilgore. Have you lost your mind? Go marry Gladys Moats, she just adores you. .
52) 6) dialog: What’re you gonna be thinkin’ when I’m out fishin’ and drinkin’ with someone other than you? You're gonna be thinkin’ you own me and you want me and you’re gonna be madder than a wet hen. A cute guy, named Kirby, walks by and winks at Tdgie and notices.
52) 8) dialog: Just someone who’s real good with a rifle...See, Grady. We're not even married and you're already jealous.
52) 10) dialog: Who you callin’ a goof?
52) 13) dialog: Just try it. They wrestle some more, rolling around until Grady gets o of her and pins her with his considerable weight to the g but Idgie just refuses to stop struggling.
52) 15) dialog: Never.
52) 17) dialog: ++-Okay, okay. Just let me up. Grady lets go and Idgie just jumps him again and once mor pins her on the ground, his face reddened and close to he
52) 19) dialog: Then you better keep me down for the rest of your life cause I/11 never give in to you.
53) 0) text: Sipsey is baking. Idgie runs in the door. Mama nods towar George who holds a letter. Idgie pulls out a newspaper cl and a torn page from the Bible.
53) 1) dialog: (confused and upset) What’s this? This isn’t a letter... Mama puts on her glasses. Bring it here. She looks at Idgie and begins to read the newspaper clipp
53) 3) dialog: Oh no.
54) 0) text: On the horizon, the truck and car come down the road and to a stop. Idgie gets out of the car. Idgie heads toward house as Big George and Julian stand by the truck.
55) 0) text: Idgie goes up the stairs to Ruth...their eyes meet for th time...after a moment:
55) 2) dialog: I know. lA oe SMALLS £7, A991
57) 0) text: Idgie is quickly packing up one of Ruth’ Tdgie hellers to Big George and Julian.
57) 1) dialog: truck at his front 3 last remaining boxes. The rest of her stuft’s upstairs. Big George ana Julian head upstairs.
57) 3) dialog: Do you want to raise your child with Frank?
57) 5) dialog: (breaking out in a Mama loves babies and P, Mama...why hell, the way figure...we're getting price of one. huge grin) apa loves
57) 8) dialog: Looks like your wife’s leaving you, mister... Frank looks at Idgie.
57) 11) dialog: I’m the one she’s leaving with, pea braint! Frank grabs Ruth by the shoulders to pull her away, but R resists. Frank slaps her across the face, knocking her backwards. Idgie immediately jumps Frank, ‘riding him lik some wild horse she’ll tame. Frank Spins Idgie around unt flings her off, sending her crashing into the wall. {to Ruth) Come here.
57) 12) dialog: You touch her again and 1/11 kill you. She doesn’t move. Idgie is breathing like a wild cat and preparing to pounce on Frank as he slowly approaches Ruth reaches out for Ruth and Idgie again jumps him and he bac into the wall crushing her like a grape. Ruth runs at hin Rl ‘Don’t hurt her! Ruth tries to push Frank away, but he grabs her and sling over his shoulder and starts heading up the stairs when J and Big George enter. :
57) 15) dialog: Let’s go.
58) 1) dialog: Well, I sure as hell scared him, didnt I? Towanda the Amazing Amazon Womant Alone in the jungle, afraid of nothing that prowls this earth. Woman beyond compare. Ru*u jeins her in nervous laughter as they head toward wh Stop.
61) 26) dialog: Oh shitiiti!! res here...11! Everyone jumps for joy. Everyone includes Eva, Rev. Scrog Julian, Grady, Pete. A baby’s wail is heard in the distan
61) 29) dialog: (holding up teacup) Goddamn it to hell...son of a : bitch...she did it!! Here's to Ruth... Everybody picks up a teacup. To Ruth!!! They all drink,
62) 0) text: Ruth is sitting up in bed with a blue ribbon tied around head, looking beautiful. Mama, Papa, and Idgie are gather around the bassinet looking at the baby.
62) 2) dialog: (to Ruth) Can I pick him up? FGT JA March 19, 1991 55
62) 5) dialog: (picks up baby) Hi little fellow. What’s his name?
62) 7) dialog: (looking at Ruth) Yeah, that’s just fine with me. (to ) Hey there, little Buddy...Buddy’ Threadgocde...Yeah, that’s just fine... She looks back at Ruth and smiles. Mama tugs at Papa’s sl
62) 11) dialog: Thanks, Papa!!
63) 0) text: Idgie is painting "Whistle Stop Cafe" on a sign. Julian a Big George are carrying a stove in while Sipsey and Ruth directing. Sipsey is sweeping, Ruth is planting rose bush
64) 0) text: FIBBER MCGEE AND MOLLY is on the radio. The place is full railroad men. Idgie is serving a big table full of men, including Grady, Pete, Wilbur, and Julian. Ae wR AA re LIL 56 A STRANGER comes in the door and nervously walks up to Id He is wearing a worn-out dirty jacket, frayed brown shirt cracked leather laceless shoes. His name is SMOKEY LONESO
64) 2) dialog: You mean liquor? We can’t sell that stuff here, but yo. go straight up that street to that green house that says Scroggins-- he’ll sell you some. And don’t let him tell you he’s really a preacher -- that’s just his cover.
65) 0) text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s th one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
66) 4) dialog: Well Ruth, this here’s Smokey and he’s gonna be doing some work for us. : RUTH . : That’s fine. Nice to meet you. Why don’t you go in there and freshen up and } : then come have a bite to eat.
67) 5) dialog: Well, Grady, tell you what. The next time those "some People" come in here, I’1l ask ’em if they don’t want anybody to know who they are under those sheets, when they go marching around in one of those stupid parades you boys have, why don’t they have enough sense to change their shoes?
67) 7) dialog: Oh hell, Grady, y’all ain't fooling anybody. Why, I’d recognize those size fourteen clodhoppers you got anywhere. Grady looks down at his feet. Ruth re-enters and joins th giving Grady a disarming smile.
67) 12) dialog: He’s harmless. When his own daddy died, he didn’t shed one tear, but when he found out the old colored man who raised him had passed away, he got drunk and sat down at the river for three days crying like a baby. Remember, Sipsey? FGT JA March 19, 1991
67) 14) dialog: , He won’t sit in the same room and have ao @ meal today... i SIPSEY It sure don’t make sense. Big ol’ man like Sheriff Grady scared of aiting ' next to a colored child. But ‘ie eats eggs, come right out of a chicken’s ass. Ruth and Idgie laugh until they notice smokey struggling his food. His hands shake so badly that finally he spills mouthful on his lap, Idgie puts her hand out to Ruth.
67) 15) dialog: Smokey, come on, let’s take a walk.
68) 0) text: Idgie and Smokey.
69) 0) text: Ruth watches as Smokey and Idgie sit down on a log and ta
72) 0) text: The place is empty except for Sipsey who is sweeping and the lone straggler, who is sitting at a table chomping on toothpick, stacking up poker chips... Idgie is trying to diaper the baby...AMOS AND ANDY is hea the radio...
73) 2) dialog: (at the counter) What is it? Idgie walks over and looks out.
73) 3) dialog: Aw shit!
73) 5) dialog: (angrily to Grady) Goddamn you, Grady...I ought to kick your butt... 60 FGT JA March 19, 1991 Grady is still picking his teeth and locking at the men c
73) 7) dialog: Then who the hell are they?
74) 0) text: Grady heads over to the robed group of men with Idgie in Pursuit. Big George has a shotgun in his mouth and two me wrapping a rope around his body.
74) 1) dialog: Let go of hin.
74) 3) dialog: Let go of him you hear? He’s my hired man and he ain’t done nothin’ to nobody. Grady has to physically restrain Tdgie from getting into altercation. :
76) 0) text: Big George is catching his breath as Idgie puts a dressin his wounds. He leaves.
76) 4) dialog: | Oh forget it. You’d a done the sane for ne. (Grady enters as Big George exits) | Who the hell were those assholes? FGl JA March 19, 1992
76) 6) dialog: How’d you get them to leave?
77) 0) text: Idgie walks to back room. She sees Ruth’s face.
77) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
77) 3) dialog: Are you sure it was him? Ri (frantic) © Yes, I’m sure.
77) 4) dialog: Don’t you worry. If he’s dumb enough to come back here, Grady and the Alabama boys will take care of him. And if they don’t, I will.
77) 6) dialog: Me? Not me...
78) 3) dialog: Well, haven’t you got it since you married me?
80) 0) text: We see Big George coming through the backstage crowd, swe He goes up to Idgie and whispers something then turns and follows him. Tdgie and Big George running, various shots. POV inside cafe as CAMERA finds the baby and lifts him ou frame. TIGHT ON Idgie and Big George running as the sounds of an approaching train get louder. POV of CAMERA heading back to pick-up truck.
82) 9) dialog: She tried to teach me how to cook. Idgie laughs as if it’s the funniest thing in the world a Ruth. Sipsey just stares at these two.
82) 12) dialog: I can’t cook...at all. Too much pepper, the crust falls off. Because Ruth gave me the wrong recipe. She cackles even louder as she tries to stand up and can’ Idgie throws an egg at Ruth who niraculously catches it.
82) 15) dialog: Nothing new about that. Ruth stands and throws a green tomato at Idgie who juggle with two salt shakers. Idgie- goes to see Grady.
83) 0) text: Grady walks over te Idgie. Ruth joins then.
83) 1) dialog: Hi there. What can I do for you boys?
83) 3) dialog: Naw.
84) 1) dialog: (walking over to the table with a sandwich) Here you go. That’s the fourth one today. I swear you’re about to eat up all ny barbecue.
85) 0) text: Idgie is holding the baby over her head Playing with it. baby is laughing. 68 FGT JA March 19, 1991 (upset) Tell me what he said.
85) 1) dialog: I told you. He said that -was the best damn barbecue he ever had.
85) 3) dialog: No.
85) 5) dialog: Said the pie was pretty good, too. 116 EXT. BIG GEORGE’s HOUSE ~ TROUTVILLE - DAY Curtis Smoote is parked outside Big George’s house leanin against his car. His wife ONZELL is on the porch watching Naughty Bird is hanging on Big George, who is at the car at a picture.
87) 0) text: Idgie is talking to Big George then waves goodbye and wal away into the windy night.
88) 1) dialog: What are you doing up? Ruth nearly hits the ceiling. Idgie is covered with mud.
88) 2) dialog: Are you okay?
88) 4) dialog: Beats me?
88) 6) dialog: No...
88) 8) dialog: What’s gotten into you?
88) 10) dialog: No. . . it’s net your fault. (this is hard for Idgie) I’ve just never met a guy who made me feel comfortable like you do, most of the time anyway. Why the questions? You trying to get rid of me?
88) 12) dialog: Ruth you don’t have to worry about Frank Bennett anymore.
88) 14) dialog: I’m only going to tell you this one time. Frank Bennett won't be bothering you no more. That’s it. you understand?
88) 16) dialog: No. ° (sees Ruth doesn’t believe her) You don’t believe me, do you?
88) 18) dialog: Believe me when I tell you that I don’t want you to move out. Ruth looks at Idgie trying to comprehend this woman.
96) 0) text: Idgie, Smokey Lonesome and Grady are all sitting around t ' table having a good time, while Sipsey is dusting off a painting of the Last Supper while Ruth looks on.
96) 3) dialog: Sipsey tell the story how you got Big George off of the train cause his nother was heading back to see her husband who'd been in jail for the Past three years and she didn’t think he cotton to kindly te her being with child.
96) 6) dialog: You ought to change your name trom Kilgore to killjoy. Smokey, tell us one of yours. A train whistle is heard and then brakes squealing.
97) 0) text: From this distance, we see a crowd is gathering. The trai stopped. The rope is swinging aimlessly above the tracks. Naughty Bird’s is on her knees, hysterically erying. Ruth approaches the crowd and they part. She lets out a scream she sees Buddy covered with blood. A car drives up to the accident site, Idgie picks up Buddy, his arm has been mau She carries a moaning Buddy Jr. to the car with the help Smokey Lonesome.
97) 1) dialog: You gotta stop the bleeding, Ruth. She puts her skirt tightly against his arn. BUDDY JR. Am I gonna die?
97) 2) dialog: Not today. FGT JA March i», 1991 Big George opens the car deor and they place Buddy Jr. in and then speed off towards the
98) 3) dialog: (mutters) Make it okay....make it okay. You can do whatever you want with me, but just make it okay, and make Ruth okay too, Please. Amen.
99) 0) text: Idgie, a bunch of kids, gathered around, an Eagle Here lies Buddy Jr.’s arn 1932-1937 So leng old pal. black and white, and a goat are Scout is playing "Taps." Buddy Jr. and Idgie, in old Arny hats, are standing at attention. B Jr. is saluting with his righ’ is missing above the elbow. t Ruth is praying and stops. arm. We see that the left one
99) 3) dialog: Ice cream and cakes for everyone, in the cafe. Idgie walks up to Ruth, puts her arm around her and watch Buddy and the rest of the town’s kids head to the cafe fo dessert.
101) 2) dialog: No, sir. Murmurings from the crowd. The prosecutor looks at her severely.
101) 4) dialog: That’s right.
101) 7) dialog: Oh that was me all right. 1 thought you wanted to know if we had ever met, the answer is no. I threatened to kill hin, but we were never, what you might say, Properly intreduced.
101) 9) dialog: Just the wife. The child cane later.
101) 11) dialog: The usual. Nine months. The prosecutor is red faced. Ruth shakes her at Grady who is smiling. iIn deference to Ruth, he stops. The Judge bangs his gavel.
101) 13) dialog: No, sir. She already knew that for a fact. Laughter. The Prosecutor glares at the Judge who shrugs. looks down, embarrassed by all this talk
101) 15) dialog: No, sir.
101) 17) dialog: At the town hall, doing a show.
101) 19) dialog: Over at my mother’s house.
101) 21) dialog: Um... Just Big George and nyself.
101) 23) dialog: No, sir. She died a year ago.
101) 25) dialog: THAT’S RIGHT, YOU GUMP-FACED, BLOWN-UP,
102) 20) dialog: I’m going to miss you. Thanks for all the good times. :
102) 28) dialog: (under her breath) Oh shit. : Scroggins opens his personal Bible to the back.
102) 42) dialog: You didn’t promise him dia you?
102) 44) dialog: If I live a thousand years, I’1l never forgive you for this. I don’t know what's worse, church or jail. 137 INT. NINNY’S ROOM/NURSING HOME - DAY - PRESENT
108) 0) text: Idgie is standing by the window watching Stump. Sipsey wa ~~ up to her.
108) 2) dialog: I don’t know if I can do it.
108) 4) dialog: What if I just start to cry?
108) 6) dialog: (nedding, then to herself) Can’t I just have her pain? ao Idgie walks out of the room and Sipsey slowly follows. INT RUTH’S ROOM - DAY Idgie walks in and sits next to Ruth. : ‘RUTH ' Idgie...
108) 7) dialog: T know. 1/11 make sure he graduates no matter what and I won’t let him out of 1 : my sight.
108) 9) dialog: Oh, for God’s sake. What funeral? Will you stop talking like that? You } gonna be hack on your feet feeling just o~ fine in a few days. You wait and see.
108) 11) dialog: (trying to control herself) ' : Just hold my hand. Do you want me to on read to you? I brought some of that poetry you like, Wordsworth.
108) 13) text: 1 (smiles weakly) Now you want to read. oh Idgie, just hold my hand.
108) 14) dialog: Ruth, I want to apologize for being so difficult...
108) 16) dialog: ! Maybe God would have told us if he wanted us to know.
108) 17) text: I Idgie Threadgoode, did I hear you correctly? Did you say that cod has his reasons?
108) 18) dialog: (defensively) ) Maybe he does. i Ruth starts to laugh. Idgie looks at her quizzically fo ' second and then she starts to laugh to, until they’re b pretty good, when Sipsey peaks in the door and stares \ incredulously. Then Buddy walks in, his head is down. H \ and sits in the corner. It looks like he might have bee and there’s blood all down his shirt and under his nose.
108) 26) dialog: Let’s go. You’re coming with ne, nister. Let’s get your coat. Ruth waves as Idgie and Buddy leave the room.
109) 0) text: Idgie takes Stump out of her truck and they knock on the Eva shows up.
109) 2) dialog: Two beers, right away.
109) 4) dialog: Did you get into a fight?
109) 7) dialog: Did I ever tell you the story about the oysters, all the millions of then just lying around?
109) 9) dialog: Oh... Did I ever tell you about Eva’s three legged dog?
109) 13) dialog: Well you know about Mama?
109) 15) dialog: Well now’s a time for courage, like the time Big George. Did I ever tell you...
109) 17) dialog: They weren’t wild, but they were hogs and he was brave. (beat) Then you probably know that there are angels masquerading as people and walking this planet and your mom is the bravest one of those. Stump chokes up a. little then nods and then puts his arm Tdgie’s neck, nestling her and trying not to cry.
109) 18) dialog: So what do you say that you and I practice some hitting?
109) 29) dialog: Are you sure you don’t want me to read you anything?
109) 31) dialog: What?
109) 33) dialog: Ruth, there are so many things I should to tell you.
109) 37) dialog: What lake?
109) 39) dialog: Oh...that was nothing but a lie.
109) 42) dialog: (with great difficulty) Well..one time there was this great big ol’ lake right outside of town. (pause) Oh, we used to swim and fish and go canoeing in it and then one day in November, this big flock of ducks, oh about forty or more landed right smack in the middle of that lake and while they were sitting there the temperature dropped so fast the whole lake froze. There is singing from outside.
109) 43) dialog: ...And the next thing we knew, they’d flown off, and to this day that lake is somewhere over in Georgia. Idgie sobs and puts her head down on the side of the bed holding Ruth’s hand. Sipsey walks in and looks at Idgie a Ruth. She quietly stops the clock and covers the mirror w shawl. She goes over to Idgie, who is still sobbing like heart will break. OES ERE ER eS Oe Eee 9
110) 0) text: Ruth is being buried. A large crowd is present. Scroggins preaching. Idgie and Stump aren’t present. Csmera pans an pans and pans until we find them in a neighboriny field, tossing a baseball back and forth, Ruth’s request satisfi
112) 0) text: THE CAMERA TRACKS slowly past very polished and highly fashionable dr shoes. A pair of black wing tips, then whi pumps, black dress shoes, then white pumps, and so forth hear off screen the names of the graduates being announce THE CAMERA arrives at stockinged bare feet with shoes nea leaning on one another. THE CAMERA TRACKS up the leg reve a run in the stocking until a white dress comes in view a finally Idgie in a large hat, seated, trying not to fidge
113) 0) text: Two shoes are being carried in one hand and a small packa in Idgie’s other hand.
113) 1) dialog: This is for you. Stump opens the box and takes out a beautiful gold watch.
113) 3) dialog: It’s not from me, Buddy. Look on the back. He turns it over. The inscription reads simply: "I love y Mother." Tears spring into his eyes as he looks at Idgie hugs her.
113) 4) dialog: Your mom would have been very proud.
113) 6) dialog: She is. (trying to lighten the mood) Run on, son. You and Peggy go be with your friends. Idgie watches him leave, hand in hand with Peggy. She sta walk down the grass to a secluded spot, when Grady comes
113) 8) dialog: Yeah. Idgie starts to take off her stockings while she is walki hopping on one foot with a grace that only Idgie possesse
113) 11) dialog: 
113) 13) dialog: I appreciate the charity, Grady, but let me tell you one thing: they may put "Miss" on my tombstone, but as far one? concerned, I haven't missed a th. Idgie takes a deep breath and starts to Jog toward where trees are. Her hat flies off and cartwheels across the ca
113) 15) dialog: (calling back) h, you might stand a chance Someday... Tf you can catch me. Grady smiles, takes a@ deep breath and heads out of frame 150 INT. coucy HOUSE - NIGHT . The dinner table is set with two place settings and flowe Evelyn is busy at wor + but not in the kitchen. She is building a wall in the identica) Space that she Performed demolition. She has lost a bit of Weight and looks great. FGT JA March 19, 1991 lo
120) 3) dialog: Well, haven‘t you got it since you married me?
121) 0) text: stage. Big George shows up and Idgie walks out shaken and looks at Big George. Sipsey jo then.
121) 1) dialog: Tt was self-defense. He’d a taken but, I.can‘t caring why I
121) 3) dialog: Wait a minute. I’m not gonna sit on ny butt and watch justice be butchered again. (Idgie starts to smile) No... I guess it is hog boiling time... No ma’am. [It
121) 5) dialog: I think you're wrong George. 161 EXT. BACK oF CAFE - DAY Big George is splitting some ribs and then dropping them barbecue pot out behind the cafe. Grady and curtis smoote ‘standing there talking to him, Naughty Bird stands behind her father, her eyes as wide as saucers. When is this
121) 21) dialog: (calling trom cafe) Sipsey.