2) 1) dialog: Did you know they took my gallbladder out? (startled) Uh, no, I didn’t,
2) 2) dialog: Yep, it’s still over at the hospital, sitting in a jar. I guess that’s where they keep ‘en,
2) 4) dialog: When I was in the hospital, the nurse had just given me one of those Fleet enemas they’re so fond of, when I noticed this medical chart next to my bed that said Ninny Threadgoode, eighty-two years old. (shaking her head) OT An eighty two year old widow, imagine that. Have you ever had one of those enemas?
2) 6) dialog: You'd remember it. My friend, Mrs. Otis and I are from Whistle Stop. She’s lived down the street from me for the past thirty years or so.
2) 9) dialog: You'd remember her. You see, I was Practically adopted by the Threadgoode family--r7 Married Cleo, her brother. She and her friend Ruth ran the Whistle Stop Cafe, Tdgie was a Character al}
2) 10) dialog: Sit down ang relax a spell, sugar. I’ll tell you all about it...Lets see, I renenber the day they pulled that truck up out of the river, DISSOLVE INTo THE PAST. is pulled out of the river, It is rusted and worn, Tight Georgia license Plate. a Sheriftf’s car rolls to a halt a walks GRADY KILGORE, a large Tuddy faced man. He stares a license plate and confers with his deputy. He is not happ 9 INT. WHISTLE STOP CAFE ~ pay Music ig Playing on a radio. The cafe is full of people laughing ang having a good time. Over the cash register i ratty deer head decorated with a railroad calender hangin its neck Treading October 1938. <IpGre THREADGOODE-~-a sl good-looking woman in her 20's with Sparkling eyes and sh blonde hair ig busy Playing poker. RUTH, a beautitul youn woman with her long dark hair tied back with a ribbon is watching Idgie carefully, Tdgie deals to all but herselr.
4) 1) dialog: So Idgie Threadgoode and Big George went to jail for the murder of Frank Bennett, but that’s a long story.
4) 4) dialog: Oh, thank you honey. pid they take your gallbladder out too?
4) 7) dialog: Oh, don’t worry about that, honey. I enjoy a visit more than a puzzle. (reaches in her pocket and pulls out a deck of cards) Wanna play some five card draw, some stud? FGT JA March 19, 1991
4) 9) dialog: I hate solitaire and that’s all they Play around here... Idgie, you s ’ had a mind of her own. I guess in order to understand her, you'd have to start way back with her brother Buddy. Idgie was Buddy’s pet from the day she was born.
6) 1) dialog: I remember the day we were all getting ready for the wedding. The war had just ended. The Great One, you know. MAMA THREADGOODE a Sweat-looking woman, examines PAPA THREADGOODE’s suit. He sports a large handlebar mustache. SIPSEY, the black housekeeper, starts adjusting Papa‘s sl Sipsey’s son, Big George, is on a ladder hanging wedding decorations. LEONA, the beautiful bride to be of 18, is b attended to by her sisters. JULIAN, who is wearing a high starched suit, is leading his brothers in roughhousing. M looks over her brood and sees Leona waiting to speak her
9) 2) dialog: I don’t think there was ever a sweeter boy than Buddy Threadgoode. (clearing her throat) He was a terrible flirt, but his heart belonged to Ruth Jameson. She was a @istant cousin of Mama’s and had come all the way from Valdosta, Georgia that summer to teach at the Church School. I remember how pretty she looked that day. Idgie climbs down off of Buddy’s back and points out RUTH JAMESON, early twenties, striking, with long brown hair. is serving some punch.
14) 1) dialog: Oh, it like to have killed us all but the one who took it the hardest was Idgie. We thought she'd die right along with him. : Ruth looks over at Idgie who stares at her with naked con Idgie bolts from the funeral group and runs off across th countryside. The Reverend pauses as Mama and Papa exchang looks. Sipsey takes her hand from Big George’s arm. He no and heads after Idgie’s diminishing figure.
16) 2) dialog: Night after night, - she stayed by the river. Big George was the only soul she’d let near her and he watched over her night and @ay. You know a heart can be broken, but it still keeps on beating just the same.
17) 5) dialog: Neither could I. . . Oh...well, I’ve enjoyed talking to you, sugar. What’s your name?
17) 7) dialog: Well, Evelyn you come back and see ne, y‘hear? Evelyn, scurrying after Ed, calls back.
18) 0) text: Evelyn and Ed exit the Rursing home. Evelyn is reflecting Ninny’s story. FGT JA March 19, 1991
25) 0) text: Evelyn is sitting alone in the sunroom with a blank look face eating out of a huge box of donuts. Ninny spots her.
25) 1) dialog: _ Hello! Evelyn jumps she is so startled and nearly dumps her donu Evelyn tries to regain her composure.
25) 3) dialog: I was hoping you would come. roommate, Mrs. Otis, said I could visit with her and her family, but I said “thank you kindly, but I think I night have ny own visitor" and here you are!
25) 5) dialog: Visitor and donuts to boot! Now, you can’t beat that. You can call ne Ninny. Everyone else does. It makes me feel modern.
25) 7) dialog: Mrs. Otis? Oh, not so good. It looks like I won’t be getting back home for a while, and I sure miss it. It’s funny what you'll miss when you’re away from home. I miss the smell of coffee and bacon frying. You can’t smell a thing Leo they got cooking here. oh, what I . wouldn’t give for a plate of fried green tomatoes like the ones we used to have at the cafe. After Buddy died, Idgie just tempted the Good Lord to take her away. cuT TO THE PAST
26) 1) dialog: She hardly ever came hone. Only Big George knew how to find her. Then one summer day, Mama sent for her. Like they say, God never shuts one door without opening another.
50) 0) text: Janeen leaves and Evelyn enters and spots Ninny. Someone has dyed her hair bright purple.
50) 1) dialog: Do you like it? 1 wanted to look my best for Easter.
50) 3) dialog: Well, believe it or not, it was a student, a little bitty person, almost a midget, from the beauty college. Sometimes they come out and do our hair for free, just to get a little practice. Is Ed with you? Evelyn hands Ninny a chocolate bunny. FGT JA March 19, 1991 42
50) 5) dialog: b Maybe you should spice up his food. ) That’1l get his attention. ’ Evelyn takes bites out her chocolate bunny and Ninny , decapitates hers. .
50) 7) dialog: Well, let’s see, where were we? Ruth
50) 9) dialog: That’s right. Of course after Ruth ' left, Idgie just went back to her old ways. It took her a few years, but she finally decided to bury the hatchet--to gO see Ruth.
52) 20) dialog: Grady finally got exhausted and gave up. Try as they might, none of these fellows at Eva’s place could tame Idgie for any length of time. About a year later a letter came from Ruth. Fi vA Marca i939, 1991 a
61) 0) text: Ninny walks through the visiting wing. An old man is sitt in a wheelchair. Ninny stops.
61) 1) dialog: (yelling in his ear) How are you today Mr. Dunaway?
61) 3) dialog: Oh, honey, what in the world is the matter? FGT JA March 28, 1991
61) 5) dialog: Come on. I need some exercise. (wheeling her in th- eNair) Tell me what’s bothering ysu, sugar.
61) 7) dialog: Everybody goes through that...
61) 9) dialog: A candy bar’s not going to hurt you.
61) 11) dialog: Now, honey, I can’t help you on that one. They go outside and continue rolling around. Evelyn gives Ninny a box of Crackerjacks.
61) 13) dialog: You getting hot flashes?
61) 15) dialog: Do you get the sweats and your heart starts pounding?
61) 17) dialog: Simple honey, you’re just going through . the change. I used to burst into tears l~ for no reason at all. You need some hormones and maybe some Stresstabs j number ten for good measure.
61) 21) dialog: Yes, honey. You just get yourself some ’ hormones. Then you get out of the house and get yourself a job. With your pretty complexion I’11 bet you/’ll be great with Mary Kay Cosmetics. 1 , know how you feel, I was about your age ‘ when I had my child and then I went through change of life.
61) 22) text: I didn’t know you had a child. | NINNY . Yes, I did. His name was Albert. He was a birth-injured child, so I had him with me until he was thirty, then | he just went to sleep and never woke
61) 24) dialog: ' The doctor said that it would be best if I didn’t even see him at all. He ! said because of an injury, his mind would never develop past the age of ' five and that I should put him in an ! institution because the burden of } raising a child like that would be too ; great. I thought about Ruth. She called children "little gifts from above." I just smiled and asked for the baby. Oh, how could that sweet ’ precious baby ever be a burden? Why, ) . from the minute he was born, Albert was the joy of my life, the Lord’s greatest t gift. There wasn’t a purer soul that ever lived on this earth. (she smiles) Sometimes I just can’t wait to get to | heaven and see hin. Ninny digs in her Crackerjack box and pulls out a small p ~ as Evelyn looks at her lovingly. FGT JA March 28, 1991 54
61) 25) dialog: (delighted as a child) Oh, Evelyn, look! A little chicken, just what I like! 92 INT. THREADGOODE KITCHEN - DAY - 1932.
89) 0) text: Evelyn is munching on Ninny’s Crackerjacks, entranced.
89) 1) dialog: And Ruth never did leave.
94) 0) text: Evelyn is plowing through her bag of carrots. She is high agitated. Ninny is worried.
94) 5) dialog: How many of then hormones are you taking, honey? 125° INZ. coucH HOUSE - pay Dinner is on the table, but Evelyn isn’t sitting. Her place is already gone and Ed’s meal waits for him. Evelyn is runni Place in her sweats ona little trampoline. Eq walks to th table.
95) 0) text: Ninny is sea Evelyn walks
95) 2) dialog: I’m worried about my little friend, Evelyn. She said her husband, Ed, will just be sitting arouna watching his Sports on TV and she has an urge to just hit him in the head with a baseball bat. ” JANEEN Hell, that seems normal to me. FGT JA March 19, 1991 76 Evelyn jogs into the room and Ninny gets up. Evelyn hands a package of hard candies.
95) 3) dialog: -~ Why thank you, Evelyn.
95) 6) dialog: 1
95) 9) dialog: : Good. Anyway, six years had passed | since Bennett disappeared, and Curtis ' Smoote was still hunting and pecking. 127 ‘EXT. WHISTLE stop RAILROAD TRACKS - DAY - 1938 The kids are swinging from a rope that crosses the railro tracks and jumping off when they get to the other side, j | Buddy and Idgie did Many years before. Naughty Bird, Bi iw George’s daughter, says something to the boys and they ' playing their game. Curtis Smoote walks by, sees Big Ge working on a car nearby. .
99) 5) dialog: The Good Lord was watching over Stump that day, but then Grady found Frank Bennett’s truck. Idgie and Big George went on trial and I just knew Idgie’d never get out of this mess.
102) 47) dialog: (delighted) Oh yes, honey. You’re gonna have ne looking like Ginger Rogers before you/re done. Don’t let Mister Dunaway see me-~he’s liable to go wild. (Evelyn laughs) I’m so glad to see you in a better mood and you’ve slimmed down quite a the last few weeks.
102) 49) dialog: Some said yes. Some said no. of course nobody knows for sure except for Frank Bennett - and you know what they say, "Dead men tell no tales."
105) 0) text: Evelyn is walking down the hallway towards Ninny’s room. she approaches the Aunt’s room, she hesitates as usual, b this time walks with dignity past the room. No projectile hurled. As she gets down the hall however, Mr. Dunaway ag comes rolling out of her room and has a non-fatal high sp collision with the wall. Evelyn stops and stares at him i awe. He’s fine and smiling.
105) 19) dialog: Oh, Evelyn, hello, do you like my roses? Since I can’t get home to see my own roses, I made myself a paper garden. Got everything but the bugs.
105) 21) dialog: {suppressing a yawn) I can’t hardly get to sleep early like everyone else here. I wait till I hear the ten-twenty train whistle heading to Atlanta, or maybe I just think I hear it. It doesn’t matter. I still don’t go off until I do. Have you been here long?
105) 23) dialog: Of course you should've. Don‘t you ever let me sleep through a visitor‘’s day, honey. I look forward to them all week.
105) 25) dialog: I can’t believe you remembered and you made me fried green tomatoes. (she tastes one) They’re delicious.
105) 27) dialog: No, they’re just the way we used to eat them at the cafe. You couldn’t be sweeter to me if you were my own daughter. You know, I don’t feel eighty-three. It just sorta slipped up on me. One day it seemed I was a young woman running around and the next day I was just full of liver spots and walking like molasses going up hill in winter. (looks at hands) I just. never thought I would live this long. Of course, the Lord takes us home when he wants us. They say the good die young. Ninny looks off and we see she is tearing up.
105) 29) dialog: I was just thinking about Ruth.
106) 1) dialog: After the trial was over, everything went back to normal until that Spring when Ruth lost her appetite and when Dec Hadley looked at her, he said the cancer was so bad she only had a couple of weeks. We took her to the Threadgoode house so she would be more comfortable and Sipsey moved in with her and never left her side. 90 FGT JA March 19, 1991
111) 0) text: Evelyn and Ninny are sitting on the porch; tears are stre down Evelyn’s face. A flock of birds fly by in the fall sky. Ninny shades her and looks up and watches them fade into the horizon. NINNY V.0. It’s funny how strong Ruth affected everyone. Even Smokey Lonesome. When he died a few years back, he had one possession on him, a picture of Ruth. I think it was the only thing Smokey ever stole. He was in love with her from the first time he saw her. Oh look at the birds... I shouldn’t have told you this.
111) 2) dialog: (holding her hand) I wouldn't be so frightened of death if I were you, I’d be more scared driving in rush hour traffic.
113) 16) dialog: Of course, when the railroads shut down and they put in ali those new super highways nothing was ever the same. Whistle stop was just left sitting there by the tracks to fall apart. Time just passed it by. . Ed enters the house. He has flowers, too. Ed walks up to and gives her a kiss and the flowers, For you, honey.
114) 0) text: Evelyn gets in the car, madder than hell, starts the engi thinks about going back in the house, until she hears a b sound. She realizes it’s hammering and Ed is the man behi the hammer. she smiles. 151 INT. ROSE HILLS NURSING HOME - Day Evelyn comes down the hall carrying a picnic basket. As s passes by Ninny’s room and notices the door is open...she her head in, thinking she might be there...
117) 5) dialog: Hi Evelyn. Somebody stole my house. It was right here when I left. Unless- (she grabs Evelyn’s hand) Oh, Evelyn, you don’t reckon I’n crazy, do you? This is the Place it used to be Evelyn hugs her again.
117) 7) dialog: Who would want to steal an old lady’s house? It wasn’t worth anything.
117) 9) dialog: Cleo built that house for me when we were just married--andg Now it’s gone. Eighty three years worth of living and all that’s left of me is just what’s in this box, a bunch of old cards and pictures.
117) 11) dialog: This is my home. And it’s gone. And so is Mrs. Otis. You know, I don’t quite know what to do. It’s the first time that I can remember that I don’t have anyone to look after.
117) 13) dialog: You’re sweet, but 1 think you're doing just fine on your own.
117) 15) dialog: And what does Ed say about all this?
117) 17) dialog: Did I ever tell you that Mrs. otis was Sipsey’s baby sister?
117) 19) dialog: Yes, she was. Mrs. Otis was with Sipsey and me the night Sipsey died. They’d always sing gospel songs about
121) 9) dialog: (Ninny sniles devilishly) The secret’s in the sauce or so I’m told... And now you know why Idgie hada to go to trial. She knew the law would never have believed Sipsey. Nope, Sipsey, Big George or anybody else of Color would've been hangin’ from the nearest tree. To this day, I’m stild not sure whether Ruth ever believed that Idgie didn’t ki12 Frank Bennett. The truth’s a funny thing, sometines. A beat of reflection and silence.
121) 11) dialog: Evclyn, would Ed/s aunt be coming home with you toe?
121) 13) dialog: Good.
121) 15) dialog: It’s not that. It‘s that I always wanted to be an only child,
121) 17) dialog: Oh, Evelyn, you've given me back my hope, reminded ne what’s most important in lite. you know what I think that is?
121) 19) dialog: Friends, best friends. (Evelyn hugs Ninny.) . il The two men walk away...a8 Naughty Bird looks at her dadd scared she has forgotten how to blink. Idgie watches from the window.
121) 28) dialog: Yes.
121) 30) dialog: You didn’t ask. she’s out there sonewhere Tunning tree, charming bees and selling honey. Every once in awhile, I/11 catch a hint of her. Maybe we/11 see her one day scon.