64) 0) text: FIBBER MCGEE AND MOLLY is on the radio. The place is full railroad men. Idgie is serving a big table full of men, including Grady, Pete, Wilbur, and Julian. Ae wR AA re LIL 56 A STRANGER comes in the door and nervously walks up to Id He is wearing a worn-out dirty jacket, frayed brown shirt cracked leather laceless shoes. His name is SMOKEY LONESO
64) 1) dialog: Miss, you wouldn’t happen to know where you could buy a pint in this town?
64) 4) dialog: (heading out the door) Thanks! ! He heads across the street to Reverend Scroggins’ place. Everyone in the Cafe watches as Scroggins reacts with fur The cafe boys laugh and smile.
65) 0) text: Smokey walks away from the Reverend disappointed with the results. He walks right past a pickup truck in which sits Frank Bennett. Frank watches Smokey head back to the cafe sees Big George chopping wood and then Idgie come out to door to greet the Smokey. Frank shakes his head. She’s th one. A train passes by obscuring his view.
66) 0) text: Smokey returns to the door of the cafe. fee OS ONE ert IT
66) 1) dialog: Excuse me, ma‘am, I was wondering if you had an odd job, or something -I might do. I’ve had a run of some bad luck, lately. | l ~~ IDGIE \ ++-Come on in, fella. I think we can t find something for you. What’s your name?
66) 2) text: Smokey, ma’am, my friends Call me Smokey Lonesone.
66) 5) dialog: | Thank you ma‘am.
66) 6) text: Smokey grabs a big bar of brown Oxydol soap, stares at it ‘ quizzically for a moment. He hasn’t exactly been acquai ~~ with soap for quite a while now. He turns on the water Slowly starts to clean himself.
68) 0) text: Idgie and Smokey.
68) 1) dialog: I’m sorry about spilling my food in there, ma’am...I°11 just head on. Idgie reaches in her apron and hands him a half-pint of 0 ~~ Whiskey.
68) 2) dialog: God bless you for a saint, ma‘am. I’ve been on the rails for a long time and I’ve seen a lot of most everything ‘cept kindness.
69) 0) text: Ruth watches as Smokey and Idgie sit down on a log and ta
71) 0) text: Ruth sees Smokey sleeping and gently puts a blanket over | body. He turns and looks at her. She is illuminated onl : _ the amber glow of a kerosene light. :
71) 1) dialog: ”~ God bless you ma/an. o FGT JA March 19, 1991
75) 16) dialog: ' You’re welcome ma‘am, but I have te } change my breeches.
84) 0) text: Curtis is sitting alone by the window. Music is on the ra Smokey Lonesome is doing the dishes.
96) 0) text: Idgie, Smokey Lonesome and Grady are all sitting around t ' table having a good time, while Sipsey is dusting off a painting of the Last Supper while Ruth looks on.
97) 0) text: From this distance, we see a crowd is gathering. The trai stopped. The rope is swinging aimlessly above the tracks. Naughty Bird’s is on her knees, hysterically erying. Ruth approaches the crowd and they part. She lets out a scream she sees Buddy covered with blood. A car drives up to the accident site, Idgie picks up Buddy, his arm has been mau She carries a moaning Buddy Jr. to the car with the help Smokey Lonesome.
111) 0) text: Evelyn and Ninny are sitting on the porch; tears are stre down Evelyn’s face. A flock of birds fly by in the fall sky. Ninny shades her and looks up and watches them fade into the horizon. NINNY V.0. It’s funny how strong Ruth affected everyone. Even Smokey Lonesome. When he died a few years back, he had one possession on him, a picture of Ruth. I think it was the only thing Smokey ever stole. He was in love with her from the first time he saw her. Oh look at the birds... I shouldn’t have told you this.