0) 1) dialog: He's alive. KOSTYA f ~) (Ukrainian accent) ~ This dog, how do you call it?
0) 2) dialog: Pit bull. Must have lost somebody some . money. The dog stares at them and they stare at the dog.
0) 10) dialog: They just left him here to die. They threw him out the window and kept driving.
0) 13) dialog: They're used to waiting. Monty squats near the dog and inspects him. From this ang it is clear that the pit bull has been badly abused. One has been chewed to mince; his hide is scored with cigaret burns; flies crawl in his bloodied fur.
0) 14) dialog: I think maybe his hip— The dog pounces, jaws snapping,; lunging for Monty's face Monty stumbles backwards. The dog, too badly injured to ms, Ca) continue the attack, remains in his crouch, growling. Monty sits on the pavement, shaking his head.
0) 15) dialog: 
0) 18) dialog: Look what they did to him. Used him for a fucking ashtray. Monty stands and dusts his palms on the seat of his pants
0) 19) dialog: Let's get him in the trunk.
0) 27) dialog: There's a vet emergency room on the East Side. I like this guy.
0) 31) dialog: We wait much longer, he'll be dead. - KOSTYA ; One minute ago you want to shoot him. MONTY. That was a mercy thing. But he's not ready to go yet.
0) 33) dialog: _ Distract him. (CONTINUED)
0) 46) dialog: That's the dog's blood.
0) 50) text: CONTINUED: . . Pppeate Monty lifts his hand to his neck and feels the blood.
0) 51) dialog: They'll stitch it up at the vet's.
0) 56) dialog: Who's Doyle? Murphy's law: whatever can go wrong, will go wrong.
0) 59) text: Monty tugs on his leash and Doyle grunts and quiets down.
0) 64) dialog: Go away, Simon.
0) 77) dialog: 
0) 80) dialog: You need to leave me alone, friend. I told you, I'm out of business. Doyle sniffs Simon's boots, then raises his head, snout climbing the man's ted. Simon dances a half-step, trying keep away from the pit bull without provoking him. _) _ SIMON ; You worried about me narking you out? You know who I am. : oe
0) 83) dialog: You're not listening to me. I got touched. Game over. Simon blinks, tries to JLaugh, looks behind him,,,looks d ~ Doyle, rubs his nose with the back of his hand.
1) 0) text: Monty walks down a corridor of the school building, Doyle padding along beside him. STUDENTS, hurrying to thei classes, stare at the dog and then at Monty. . The bells ring and within moments the corridor is empty. Monty stops before a row of framed photographs. He examin one photograph and smiles.
1) 1) text: The Campbell-Sawyer basketball team. The players stand in semi-circle with their coaches. We move in closer on one _in particular: Monty, when he was sixteen, free and easy We move closer still and the black-and-white face begins blur.
1) 3) dialog: What?
1) 5) dialog: (smiling) | No, I don't think so.
1) 14) dialog: Okay. .. (pointing at the picture) I used to go here.
1) 16) dialog: (still looking at picture) Look at what a little punk I was. The administrator bends forward and squints at the photo.
1) 18) dialog: , Ha ha. Starting point guard. Started on varsity from my first game, freshman year. I still hold the all-time assist record.
1) 23) dialog: Until I got kicked off the team. After that, they fell apart. Do you know where Jakob Elinsky is?
1) 25) dialog: Thanks. (CONTINUED)
1) 33) dialog: Marvin Ray?
1) 35) dialog: You're sure?
1) 58) dialog: Easy, Doyle. Doyle immediately calms down, squatting by Jakob's feet a staring up at the teacher. JAKOB ; Hey— uh, what's going on? Jakob seems awkward around Monty, nervous.
1) 59) dialog: (looking at Doyle) Look at him. He loves you. Jakob looks at Doyle, who wags the stump of his tail.
1) 60) dialog: He really loves you. So what are you doing? : Jakob turns to look at his class, who all stare at Monty the dog. For the first time today, they're quiet.
1) 62) dialog: Cool. “"""“ffoo class)” " al To Hey, class. “A few studénts shyly wave:.
1) 63) dialog: (to Jakob) Sorry to interrupt. .Listen, change of plans. They're throwing me a goodbye party-downtown. You and Frank get together somewhere and I'll come pick you up. Jakob is a little flustered by this encounter, acutely aw that his class is watching.
1) 69) dialog: (whispering) I think the one with the belly button's checking me out. Jakob turns and sees Mary staring at them. He quickly tur back to Monty, who is smiling at Mary. Jakob grabs the do nob.
1) 71) dialog: Tell Frank we'll meet up after midnight. He leads Doyle away and Jakob closes the door, then: turn look at his silent class. The bell rings and all the stud grab their bags. , INT. TEACHERS' LOUNGE — LATER Jakob, alone in the room, sits on a sofa, his head in his hands. He looks up when he hears a knock on the door. Mary D'Annunzio peeks in-
2) 1) text: All right. Just wanted to let you know that Monty—
3) 66) dialog: Why you waiting down here?
3) 71) dialog: Of course it was a beautiful day. He holds the door open for her and Doyle.
4) 0) text: Monty closes the apartment door behind Naturelle and Doyl . then locks it. There are five locks and a heavy steel leadbolt. Despite the ominous’ security, it's a nice one-bedroom apartment, with hardwood floors and tall windows facing t brownstones across the street. Black-and-white photographs line the walls: shots of the Manhattan skyline, of Bensonhurst, of Doyle. The largest photo, hanging above the sofa, is of Brogan's Bar. Doyle curls up next to the radiator and quickly falls asl Monty sits on the sofa and flicks on the television with remote.
4) 2) dialog: what?
4) 5) dialog: What am I thinking about?
4) 6) text: | He leans forward and unclips a hand-tooled leather hols from the back of his belt. A "B" for Brogan is tooled int the leather, stylized like the old Brooklyn Dodgers' logo 1G A .40 caliber automatic, squat and black, rests in the 2 holster. Monty drops the holster onto the coffee table runs his fingers over the B. Naturelle stares at the gun.
4) 12) dialog: I'm thinking I want to be like that girl from the X-Men, the one who can walk through walls.
4) 14) dialog: And if I can't do that, if I can't figure out how to walk through walls, I'm thinking one shot through the roof of the mouth, boom, problem solved. Naturelle hits him on the shoulder.
4) 16) dialog: You think I'm joking?
4) 18) dialog: Uncle Blue's throwing me a party at Velvet. . NATURELLE . ; I thought it was over with him. Almost. He watches her eat another spoonful of raw honey.
4) 19) dialog: That's a nasty habit you have: She leans forward and kisses him on the lips.
4) 21) dialog: Not right now. She caresses his jaw but Monty is distant, his mind elsewhere. wo a fl
4) 31) dialog: Between you and me the kids will be just right. Loud pounding on the apartment door startles them. They s at each other. Doyle barks from the other room. Naturelle gets out of the tub, pulls on a bathrobe, and g to answer the door. Monty waits, listening. He knows who is. He stares out the bathroom's open window.
4) 33) text: Cc’) INT. MONTY'S LIVING ROOM — STILL IN FLASHBACK Monty, wearing sweatpants and no shirt, walks into the li room. Four D.E.A. AGENTS, all wearing D.E.A. windbreakers shoulder holsters, wait for him. Doyle, ears back, growls at the agents. Monty scratches Doyle's head and the dog relaxes a bit. Naturelle, panicked, stares at Monty. She's still holding apartment door open.
4) 34) dialog: Close the door, baby. She closes the door.
4) 36) dialog: Yeah. Brzowski flips open a badge and hands a paper to Monty, w looks it over. Oo AGENT BRZOWSKI I'm Agent Brzowksi with the Drug Enforcement Agency. We've got a warrant to search your apartment. Brzowksi walks over to the sofa and sits down. The other three agents stroll around the apartment. One looks out t window; one starts flipping through a magazine on the cof table; one stares at a photograph on the wall.
4) 38) dialog: Yeah.
4) 40) dialog: Easy, Doyle.
4) 52) dialog: He's inside. He doesn't have to wear tags.
4) 60) dialog: Get it over with. (CONTINUED)
5) 0) text: Monty sits on the sofa, running his hand over the sofa cushion. Outside it's dark and Monty hasn't turned on the lights.
5) 8) dialog: I got to meet my dad for dinner. I'll call you in a couple hours. He kisses her quickly and turns to go, but then stops and looks at her.
5) 10) dialog: Could you wear the silver dress tonight?
5) 12) dialog: I want to remember you in that dress. He walks out of the apartment, leaving Naturelle alone in (> dark living room.
6) 7) text: Monty opens the front door. He stares down at Kostya. “ ‘MONTY What are you doing here? KOSTYA ; So many beautiful women, this neighborhood. I like very much. Kostya stands and grips Monty's arm.
6) 9) dialog: Yeah, three other people already told me.. He's really dying to say goodbye, huh? Kostya releases Monty's arm and nods sadly.
6) 15) dialog: I'll be there. I'm bringing Naturelle and some friends.
6) 25) dialog: Oh, Jesus. She didn't dime me out, man.
6) 27) dialog: Why would she? Kostya shrugs again.
6) 29) dialog: What if she is?
6) 31) dialog: You're insane. She wouldn't do that.
7) 0) text: Monty waits for the 6 train. Two BOYS (12), wearing winte parkas and knit caps, crouch near the edge of the platfor pointing down at the tracks and laughing. (CONTINUED)
7) 3) dialog: What's down there? The boys point and Monty looks. We follow his gaze. We ca see anything at first, but then, as if our eyes were adjusting to the dark, we begin to pick out movement. A gang of large RATS crawls through the tracks, nosing through balled-up paper bags, candy wrappers and orange peels.
7) 5) dialog: Watch this. He selects a quarter and— with a free throw motion as smo as Hersey Hawkins's— tosses it into the empty cup, a ten- oot shot. The big rat, startled, hustles into the alcove below the of the platform. The hoys, impressed, whistle. .
7) 6) dialog: Here— He offers his palmful of change. meee =" "MONTY. (CONT'D) Take a shot at it. The boys look at each other for a moment before each take coin. They stare up at Monty. He nods at them.
7) 7) dialog: Let's see what you got. Boy 1 takes careful aim at the coffee cup. His shot is wa oft target, though— it pings off the tile on the far side the tunnel. .
7) 8) dialog: Your release is too high. Look— He mimics the boy's shooting motion. (CONTINUED)
7) 17) dialog: See? You're letting go way up here, so it's floating on you. It's like- you play basketball? Soccer? All right, forget it. (turning to the other boy) ( Your turn, little man. Boy 2 toes the edge of the yellow danger line and practic his motion. When he finally releases the coin, it flashes
7) 19) dialog: Baseball?
7) 22) dialog: (disgusted) | through the air and drops neatly into the cup. “MONTY (CONT'D) Thataboy! He raises his fist and the boy taps knuckles, | grinning cpohee ep iys ee wena eee ca a tre tent ratte
7) 25) dialog: Make a wish.
7) 27) dialog: _ Hell, yes. A shot like that deserves a wish. Monty and Charlie stare at the coffee cup and concentrate
8) 0) text: Monty rests with his eyes closed as the train shudders through the tunnels.
8) 3) dialog: (not recognizing them) Hey...
8) 5) dialog: (trying for enthusiasm) Oh, Trey. Hey. How you been?
8) 9) dialog: This is my stop. I got to catch the B train. j Trey claps Monty on the shoulder.
8) 11) dialog: Yeah, well I'm sure I'll see you soon— Ne (CONTINUED)
9) 6) dialog: Where'd you find those?
9) 8) dialog: Maybe they didn't need any more plates.
9) 10) text: Anytime, sweetie. She rests her hand on Monty's shoulder for a moment.
9) 16) dialog: Ah, come on, Dad.
9) 20) dialog: “The guy's three hundred years old. He sits around playing gin rummy all day. What's he going to do for me?
9) 22) dialog: Ce Dad, would you please? I'll be all right. Se Just, please, don't get involved in this. (beat) Okay?
9) 25) dialog: Jesus. Enough.
9) 33) dialog: Dad? I fucked up Okay? What else can I tell you? I fucked up. INT. BROGAN'S BATHROOM — LATER Monty stands in the cramped bathroom, staring into the mirror. Someone has scrawled "Fuck you" in magic marker o the wall above the mirror.
10) 0) text: Monty stares into the mirror covering one wall of the roo INT. OBSERVATION ROOM — CONTINUOUS Two agents stare back at him through the one-way glass. INT. DEA DIVISION OFFICE, INTERROGATION ROOM — CONTINUOUS Monty.sits at the table and waits. Agent Brzowksi walks i followed by Agent Cunningham. Brzowski leaves the door aj . for a moment. Monty looks through the door and sees Naturelle leaving another room, escorted by two agents. She makes eye conta with Monty. Brzowski shuts the door. He smiles at Monty.
10) 3) dialog: You fucking touch her—
10) 7) text: © Monty is silent for a few seconds. When he does speak, tone is very quiet and deliberate— he is trying to restra his temper.
10) 8) dialog: You're lying to me.
10) 17) dialog: (to Cunningham) Can I ask you a question? (CONTINUED)
10) 22) dialog: When you've got your dick up his ass, is he still talking all the time? Cunningham and Brzowski sit back.
10) 23) dialog: Cause it seems to me he never shuts up, and I'm just wondering, is that annoying, you're fucking the guy up the ass and he never shuts up?
11) 0) text: Monty still stares at the mirror. He wets his thumb and t to rub out the magic marker "Fuck you". Someone knocks on door. Monty rubs harder. It's not coming out. Another knock.
11) 1) dialog: Yeah, all right.
12) 0) text: Monty returns to the table, sits, drinks some Guinness. , MONTY ; Let me aBk‘you"™"a question. . “MR. BROGAN Okay. :
12) 1) dialog: What do you think of Naturelle?
12) 3) dialog: Do you trust her? (CONTINUED)
12) 9) dialog: Do you think I can trust her?
12) 12) dialog: I don't know. Maybe the Feds got to her somehow. Blackmailed her.
12) 13) text: : The girl loves you/ Monty. I can't cs believe she would betray you. .
12) 14) dialog: Everything's gotten so strange, Dad. I wake up some mornings and it-takes me a minute to remember who I am, you know? Where I'm going. Mr. Brogan looks down at his plate and nods.
12) 15) dialog: ' Most of the people I'm with, I look at I. ve ‘themand.-T*thihk,” these’ are’my friends?.. , “(beat : as t ar ote H The only ones I trust these days are you and the guys-I grew up with— Frank Jake.
12) 18) dialog: And Naturelle... Jesus. I can't get it out of my head. ; ft
12) 30) dialog: It matters to me. Monty checks his watch.
12) 31) dialog: I should get going. MR. BROGAN ; Okay. I'll see you in the morning. Mr. Brogan removes his wallet from the inside pocket of h jacket.
12) 32) dialog: The morning? What for? I'm taking a bus up there.
12) 34) dialog: No thanks. I'd rather say goodbye here. Mr. Brogan pulls a small photograph from his wallet and h it to his son.
12) 38) dialog: (still looking at photo) Don't, Dad. Not now. (CONTINUED)
12) 43) text: Monty carefully inserts the photo into his own wallet, ki his father's forehead, and walks away. James Brogan stares at the empty chair where Monty had sa INT. ELEUTHERIA GREEK RESTAURANT — NIGHT UNCLE BLUE, SENKA VALGHOBEK, and VICTOR GEDNY sit on the private balcony that overlooks the restaurant's main room The place is furnished in classic Outer Borough Greek fashion: whitewashed walls, clay-tiled floors, posters of Parthenon at dawn and Santorini at sunset. Uncle Blue owns the place. He's a fierce-looking man with thick black beard, powerful hands, and no tolerance for incompetence. It's hard to determine his age— anywhere fr forty to sixty. Valghobek, his lieutenant, looks at first glance like an overweight suburban dad. But on closer inspection there i something absolutely mirthless in his smile, a meanness around his eyes. He's in his late forties. Gedny, mid-thirties, Uncle Blue's lawyer, wears a shiny s a gold bracelet, and a deep, artificial-looking tan. Gedny busily eats his shrimp and feta while the other two watch him. Gedny gestures toward the windows.
13) 4) dialog: I know. Let's go in.
13) 6) dialog: Not for you it's not. He raps on the window. A SALES CLERK (25) walks over to t window, peers out and sees Monty. He goes to the door unlocks it, holds it open for Naturelle and Monty. (CONTINUED)
13) 13) text: Naturelle stares at Monty, who smiles and beckons for her enter. She raises her eyebrows and goes in. Monty nods to clerk as he enters the store.
13) 14) dialog: How you doing?
14) 0) text: Naturelle and Monty have the shop to themselves. She walk around, inspecting the blouses, the pants, the jackets an handbags. Monty watches hex.
14) 2) dialog: Don't worry about that. It's your birthday. The clerk emerges from the back room. 7 allt []4n CLERK ws We got some of the new stuff in from ftaly this morning. You want to take a ook’? .
15) 64) dialog: This is why you're still a virgin.
15) 77) dialog: I don't know, maybe.
15) 81) dialog: Two hundred bucks for half an ounce?
15) 86) dialog: I could get it for seventy. Trey pulls out his calfskin wallet and selects a crisp hundred dollar bill. He hands it to Monty.
15) 90) dialog: Hey, Julian. How's that math homework treating you? JULIAN, a pale, pudgy boy with an odd resemblance to Alfr Hitchcock, grins at Monty and shrugs. He's clearly flatte by Monty's attention; his three friends stare at Monty. ee en JULIAN = ch Piece of cake. Want to borrow it? “YOUNG MONTY . just to make sure you didn't screw it up. Julian laughs and hands Monty a sheet of graph paper cove with geometric proofs.
15) 92) dialog: Ha ha. Monty smiles at Jakob and flutters the graph paper. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Naturelle, wearing shorts and a t-shirt, slices onions wh music plays on the stereo. We hear the apartment door ope and close, and then Monty comes into the kitchen. Naturelle continues slicing onions, Monty walks over to h and embraces her from behind. He kisses her neck, her ear
17) 2) dialog: Nope.
17) 4) dialog: Nah.
17) 8) dialog: Idon't- 2 Naturelle wheels around and Monty has to jump back to avo getting gutted by the carving knife. ; NATURELLE ; Like, for example, my mother didn't call? Um...
17) 9) dialog: Oh, shit. Shit, I'm sorry. I completely— Naturelle stabs the air to emphasize her point.
17) 11) dialog: I meant to. I just—
17) 13) dialog: Could you put the knife away?
17) 15) dialog: (smiling) Okay— A oo NATURELLE This is funny? Monty steps back and Naturelle advances on him with the knife. She's kidding, basically, but it's hard to tell.
17) 17) dialog: You're gonna carve my heart out? .
17) 21) text: Naturelle waves the knife at him and Monty takes another backward, trips over Doyle, and lands hard on his back. H begins to laugh hysterically.
17) 76) dialog: You been here long?
17) 78) dialog: Uncle Blue's throwing me a party at Velvet. We ought to head over there.
17) 80) dialog: Huh? Nah, it's a nickname. His real name's Like Ankaybusim or something, but no one can pronounce it. Monty surveys the sawdust-covered floor, the country rtiu --.piay-ing--j-u-keboxy-the-glass jars of bgs,..._.
17) 81) dialog: What is this place?
17) 93) dialog: Fuck Sunday. He drinks. Slattery and Jakob hesitate and then follow su EXT. VELVET — NIGHT Monty steps out of a taxi, followed by Slattery and Jakob roiling MOB occupies half the block, crowding in front of entrance to the dance club. Most are teenagers. They clot together in groups of fours fives, smoking cigarettes and stomping their feet to keep warm. Almost none are dressed for the snow.
17) 94) dialog: The whole city came out to say goodbye.
17) 96) dialog: Nice coat, you bastard. (CONTINUED)
17) 105) dialog: Just trying not to think, you know? (gesturing at the crowd) What's with all the kids?
17) 107) dialog: I've got my people waiting. You want me to bring them through here?
17) 109) dialog: Thanks, man.
17) 111) dialog: Bus leaves at nine a.m.
17) 120) dialog: No one worth knowing.
17) 123) dialog: I'm a lucky kid.
17) 127) dialog: All right. I'll see you around the way. They shake hands and Monty signals for Slattery and Jakob follow him. Monty slides through the crowd; Slattery bull through*. lik-& a--f-ullback blocking for--his speedier—t \ ~ Jakob walks with a. high degree of self-consciousness : nervously ‘dodging around the various obstacles. He pas stoned girl who stands with her head back, catching snowflakes in her mouth. MARY : i Hey! Elinsky! Mr. Elinsky! Hey! Jakob freezes. Her hand catches his sleeve and he is forc to turn around, forced to stare into the unnaturally brig eyes of Mary D'Annunzio. .
17) 146) dialog: Jake, what are you doing? Monty has circled back and now motions for Jakob to hurry
17) 147) dialog: I've got someone holding the door for us.
17) 150) dialog: It's past your bedtime, isn't it? Mary clutches Jakob's arm and rests her head on his chest
17) 152) dialog: (Co : _ __
17) 154) dialog: Are you retarded? : : He turns and leads them around the corner
17) 159) text: INT. VELVET — MOMENTS LATER 68. Monty walks up the back staircase (marked Club Employees Only). Mary follows him. Jakob's in the rear. He stunned.
17) 161) dialog: We went to school together.
17) 163) dialog: They didn't think so, either.
17) 167) dialog: What do you think of Mr. Elinsky?
17) 172) dialog: That's true, he does. I think tonight should be a big night for Mr. Elinsky. I think we should make sure Mr. Elinsky has fun for once. . Monty pushes open the door at the stop of the staircase. noise rushes in, overwhelmingly loud, the bass vibrating our bones.
17) 177) text: Slattery has a hard time keeping his eyes off Naturelle. gaze tends to slide her way, and his desire for her is apparent to everyone. Naturelle smiles when she sees Monty and goes to him. She looks beautiful in-the silver dr.ess...-Se..hugs him. Mon stands awkwardly in her embrace. When she realizes he's not returning the hug, she quickly releases him. He's watching her carefully. She sees Jakob smiles at him.
17) 189) dialog: Do us a favor, D'Annunzio. Don't talk too much. Mary grins, tears off her fake fur coat, and hides it underneath a sofa. She wears a white tank-top with Tweety Bird emblazoned on the front. Tweety Bird looks scared. DAPHNE, a young waitress in a green dress, comes over wit tray of champagne flutes. Naturelle kisses Daphne on the cheek and the two women exchange greetings. Everyone take glass.
17) 190) dialog: set set (raising his glass~) Champagne for my real friends, real pain for my sham friends. Everyone takes a sip except for Mary, who guzzles hers in giant gulp, then belches and wipes her mouth with the bac her hand. Jakob stares at her, horrified.
17) 192) dialog: Do what you- want to do. Jakob and Slattery hear the coldness in Monty's voice and surprised by it. (CONTINUED)
17) 206) dialog: She's cute, buddy. She talks too much but she's cute. .
17) 209) dialog: You want this girl, don't you?
17) 217) dialog: I would. She's got that look. I like little girls with tattoos. Jakob groans and rubs his hand over his face.
17) 218) dialog: It's good seeing you, man. I guess we've kind of gone our separate ways. Jakob sits up.
17) 220) dialog: It's too bad. You're smarter than the people I know these days. 72. Monty pours more champagne for Jakob and himself, then ra his glass.
17) 221) dialog: Make me a toast. Jakob is startled by the request.
17) 224) dialog: All right. Here's to Doyle.
17) 226) dialog: He's your dog now.
17) 232) dialog: He needs a home. And he loves you.
17) 234) dialog: Poor Doyle, he'll live in a small apartment. Hey, he's a tough dog. He'll survive.
17) 236) dialog: She's moving in with her mom. Woman hates him. And Doyle hates Frank. And my Dad's allergic.
17) 237) text: The thing is— 73. Monty takes another sip and then holds the champagne flut e to the light. Na, MONTY Cristal. They went all out for me, huh? I'm lucky to work for such caring people. JAKOB ; . One more glass of this and I'm officially drunk.
17) 238) dialog: Listen, this is important to me.. Doyle is important to me. You understand that?
17) 240) dialog: Doyle's the toughest guy I know. He was lying there off the highway when I found him, waiting to die. He knew he was going to die. And he didn't make a sound. The best thing I ever did, my whole life, was rescue that black little son-of-a-bitch. Every day he's had since then is because of me. Every time he runs through the j ark, that's me. Every bone he chews— Ne ecause of me. I saved him. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
17) 247) dialog: And it's different from what you'd expect, right? I saved him but I'm the one that's grateful. Because I see him running around, I hear him barking, and there he is, the best thing I ever did, in the flesh. (beat) I'm not going to let the pound have him. Doyle's the ugliest fucking dog in the five boroughs. Who's gonna adopt him? And I'm telling you now, I will not let a vet stick a needle in him and end him. I saved his life, right? I'm responsible for him. I didn't go through all that just so some vet can put him to sleep. If it comes to that, I'll do it myself. I'll put a bullet in his ear tonight. So I'm asking you, Jake- for me, as a favor for me, and it's a big favor but I'm asking you— will you take him? Will you take him home with you? Jakob is quiet, rubbing his palms over the red velvet sof cushions.
17) 249) dialog: I was hoping you'd say that. I really was. .
17) 257) dialog: I should have shot you, you fat Russian fuck. Kostya ambles over to the sofa, wagging his finger.
17) 272) dialog: The last girl you picked out special had three teeth.
17) 274) text: Everyone waits for the rest. When it becomes obvious that Kostya will not provide the rest— MONTY ‘ Why is it funny I should say that?
17) 278) dialog: I don't think so. Naturelle's dancing downstairs. :
17) 280) dialog: You have someone nice for my friends?
17) 286) dialog: Come down there with me. I need to talk to you.
17) 288) dialog: No, that's cool. I just want to ask you something.
17) 290) dialog: You've got to stay here. Who's gonna look after Mary D'Agostino when she gets back?
17) 293) dialog: Tell her whatever you want. But don't oe ~___+- take off. We'll go-back to my place ¢ after= Te the party and get Doyle. Monty, Slattery and Kostya leave the | room. Jakob ‘sits rubbing his arm. The three men stand on_a glass-enclosed catwalk overlooki the dance floor. The place is so crowded and dark that th dancers look like one strange beast, thrashing and swayin the beat. DJ DUSK, the teen prodigy from Queens, mans his turntable from a riser above the dance floor. He stands in the eye INT. CATWALK — MOMENTS LATER } “spotlight, deftly flipping needles onto spinning recor (CONTINUED)
17) 301) dialog: (to Kostya) Where we going, the White Room?
17) 303) dialog: I'll meet you down there. I need to talk with Frank about something. Kostya. leans closer to Monty and speaks quietly.
17) 308) dialog: How the fuck do you know it's not gonna happen? Two broad-shouldered HOODLUMS in expensive suits saunter the catwalk. They stop to embrace Monty.
17) 313) dialog: Hey, fellas.
17) 315) dialog: Yeah.
17) 319) dialog: I hate green beer on St. Paddy's Day. SLATTERY ‘ . fe SN T_T, - oo ~Yeah: Well; tre too.” - . MONTY Lolo. But it's a nice thought, man. I don't ‘see it happening, but it's a nice thought.
17) 321) dialog: No. (CONTINUED)
17) 328) dialog: But you won't be there tomorrow. (beat) Cute little white boy like me, how long am I gonna last? (beat ) I need a favor from you.
17) 330) dialog: Not here. Stick around, okay? We'll go uptown in a couple hours. Monty points to the dancers below. We can see Mary dancin wildly on a platform.
17) 331) dialog: Our friend Jake has picked himself a winner. INT. VELVET VIP ROOM — LATER The room is beginning to crowd with Monty's friends and acquaintances. Jakob sits alone on the sofa, sipping champagne. He clearly recognizes no one. holding their- champagne flutes in “6 ringed fists. Lean women stand in clusters, heads bowed together. We hear snippets of banter in four different languages. ° . ote . 7° : Jakob dips his head against the sofa's velvet armrest. He clearly exhausted. He begins slipping into sleep. Mary walks into the room. The men standing nearby turn to look at her, then whisper to each other and laugh. Mary s Jakob curled up on the sofa and dances over to him. She pulls off his Yankees cap and puts it on her own head where it sits, crookedly. She climbs on top of him, her k straddling his chest, and bends close to whisper in his e
17) 404) text: He is watching two high school girls on the swings. One blonde— LINDSAY JAMISON-— and one brunette— a younger Naturelle. Both girls wear the uniform of their private school: whit blouses embroidered with the school's initials and green plaid skirts over black tights. Both girls are smoking. But while Lindsay keeps the cigar clenched in-one hand as she swings higher, Naturelle continues taking reckless drags., the crook of her elbow holding the chain lightly as she soars skyward. Monty stands and approaches the swings. The girls pretend to notice him.
17) 405) dialog: Hey! The girls keep swinging.
17) 406) dialog: Could I bum a smoke?
17) 408) dialog: A smoke. a NATURELLE This is my last one. Lindsay brakes with her feet and stares at Monty. |
17) 410) dialog: ' - Yeah, you look familiar. Naturelle has stopped swinging now. Lindsay jumps off her swing.
17) 412) dialog: You know who I am? who am I? (CONTINUED)
17) 418) dialog: So you're Natalie?
17) 420) dialog: Really? Naturelle. I like that. Naturelle. So what's your friend's problem?
17) 422) dialog: Yeah, well, lots of people got thrown out of Campbell-Sawyer. How come you didn't follow Blondie to practice?
17) 424) dialog: I never really got the hang of these ‘things. -e2 "NATURELLE Soe _ It's all in the legs. ..
18) 0) text: Monty's eyes are still closed. Now he opens them. His han are in Marguerite's hair, but now they drop by his side. Finally he taps Marguerite on the shoulders. She backs aw from him, looking up at his face for a moment before blin and licking her lips. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: It's my fault. You're very beautiful.
18) 8) text: Monty zips his fly.
18) 9) dialog: Yeah. I'ma star. INT. CLUB ROOM — LATER The club room is decorated to look like the library of an English country manor: dark wood paneling, bookshelves stacked with leather-bound books, flickering sconce light Slattery sits on a stool at the bar, rolling a glass of whiskey between his palms. His eyes are red, from crying exhaustion or both. Naturelle walks into the room and spots Slattery. She goe over to him and squeezes the back of his neck before sitt on the neighboring stool. He sits up straight and smiles.
18) 55) dialog: She's very nice.
18) 58) dialog: I said so, didn't I?
19) 0) text: Mustafayev follows them inside, hands their guns to one o the ZAKHAROV twins, and goes back outside, closing the do The twins are Russian redheads who speak very little Engl Their faces are blunted and pitiless. . Uncle Blue sits behind Volandes' desk, reading the paper. Valghobek sits on a corner of the d desk. The twin with the guns places them carefully in front of Uncle Blue, then returns to stand by his brother, both of them standing behind Monty and Kostya. DJ Dusk's music can barely be heard down here, the thump bass and drum sounding like distant bombshells. Uncle Blue folds his paper neatly and sets it aside.
19) 3) dialog: It's all right. Thanks for setting it up.
19) 13) dialog: Yes.
19) 25) dialog: You don't need to do this. I never said a word to anyone. You don't need to bring him into it.
19) 27) dialog: I understand exactly what you mean.
19) 32) dialog: No.
19) 34) text: settee cone - + eee CONTINUED: (3) noe Wy Monty turns again. The Zakharov twins have their autom out. Monty, getting desperate, turns back to Uncle Blue.
19) 35) dialog: I never said a word to anyone. They came after me to get to you. I know it, you know it. They don't care about me. But I never said a word. | Uncle Blue makes a gesture and the Zakharovs, frightening fast, spring forward, slamming Kostya to the floor and holding-their pistols to his skull.
19) 37) text: i Monty stares at Kostya, who whimpers on the ground, blood dripping from his nose.
19) 48) dialog: 
19) 52) dialog: I don't want it.
19) 57) text: Monty—
19) 59) dialog: Don't talk. C. 2 KOSTYA ; ; - No, no, wait, Monty, wait, please listen. I had no choice. I- (CONTINUED)
19) 70) dialog: (quietly You were my friend.
19) 74) text: EXT. 14TH STREET — LATER Monty trudges down the sidewalk, followed by Slattery and Jakob. The snow continues to fall, and lies thickly drift on the crookedly-parked cars, on the parking meters, on t spears of the church gate they pass. They reach the Union Square subway station and walk down stairs, disappearing from our view.
20) 0) text: Monty, Frank, and Jakob sit with their backs against the “™''corrugated shutters of a closed newspaper stand. An OLD MAN, wearing a garbage bag with a hole cut out for head, leans against a blue I-beam that helps support the ceiling. He holds a small radio to his ear; we can hear e fragments of Puerto Rican Jibaro music. Jakob chews on his fingernails. He cranes his neck to loo down the subway tunnel— still no train in sight. He looks Monty.
20) 1) text: What time is it? . But Monty is jnot present, he is elsewhere, lost in whate “> == feverié Occuples"™his mind. Slattery's-eyes: are’ ‘ seems to be sleeping.
20) 4) dialog: It's getting late.
20) 8) text: - CONTINUED: Lo a The lights of the train come around the bend in the tunne INT. 4 TRAIN — LATER The three men sit side by side as the train shudders thro the darkness. Slattery seems to be sleeping again. Jakob stares at his reflected face in the far window. Monty pulls out his wallet and finds the photograph that father gave him earlier in the night.
20) 9) text: Monty in his fireman's helmet, standing before his -paren
21) 0) text: Monty, Slattery and Jakob wade through the snow to the st steps.
22) 0) text: They climb the narrow staircase, their footfalls echoing the tiled walls. INT. MONTY'S APARTMENT . They enter the apartment. Doyle is excited to see them; h pants and spins in little circles, sniffing at their boot Jakob and Slattery fall onto the sofa and lie there like corpses. Monty opens the bedroom door, steps inside, and closes it behind him.
22) 3) dialog: I've got an hour left. Listen— Naturelle waits as Monty stares down at the bed.
22) 11) dialog: I was wrong. About you, about— She runs her hand through his hair.
22) 13) dialog: It matters to me. (beat ) I don't want you to hate me.
22) 16) dialog: There's one last thing I gotta do. Naturelle doesn't like the sound of this remark. She lean forward and takes his wrist.
23) 0) text: Monty grabs the leash off the back of the apartment door clips it to Doyle's collar. MONTY : . Let me take one more walk with Doyle. Slattery and Jakob nod. Both are exhausted.
26) 1) dialog: It would be good to work a tugboat. Be out on the river all day. He turns to face Jakob.
26) 2) dialog: So what do you think? You ready for Mr. Doyle? (CONTINUED)
26) 8) dialog: I need a favor, Frank.
26) 9) text: Anything. Monty refastens the leash onto the dog's collar and ties cord around a baluster, knotting it twice, checking to ma sure it's secure. MONTY i I'm not going in there like this. The minute they get a look at me, I'm gone. € Monty straightens up and looks directly into Slattery's
26) 10) dialog: Make me ugly. Slattery looks dumbfounded. He turns to glance at Jakob, is equally confused. . Monty clears the snow off the nearest bench, unbuttons hi camel's hair coat, and lays it down. : “MONTY (CONT'D) You just said you'd do anything. So this is what I need...
26) 12) text: Monty steps closer. _ MONTY ; You think I deserve it, don't you? | : Slattery holds his hands up and backs away. _ SLATTERY . I can't hit you.
26) 18) dialog: You want to. Come on, Frank, you're i afraid?
26) 20) dialog: What are you afraid of, Frank? That I'll hit back? You're afraid I'll hit back? That would be embarrassing, huh, big tough guy like you getting his ass kicked?
26) 23) dialog: You think I don't see you staring at her all the time? You've wanted to fuck her for years. He shoves Slattery hard. Slattery's eyes narrow for a mom but he shakes his head.
26) 35) text: CONTINUED: (4) . - cee ape The blood puddles by Monty's head, melting through the sn and steaming in the air. Slattery, lost in his anger, his frustration, continues swinging. Jakob stumbles over to Slattery and pushes him.
26) 41) text: When Monty tries to stand his legs collapse beneath him. Jakob wraps his arms around him before he falls and lower him to the snow.
26) 43) dialog: (slurring) It's okay.
26) 51) dialog: No. He staggers toward them. Doyle is mewling now, stomping h paws, confused. Monty bends down unsteadily and scratches behind the dog's ear.
26) 52) dialog: (to Doyle) Be a good boy. He walks over to Slattery, who sits in the snow, sobbing. Monty leans over and kisses his forehead.
26) 53) dialog: I'm sorry. Slattery rocks back and forth, hands over his face, his forehead marked with blood. Monty turns to Jakob and touches his shoulder.
26) 54) dialog: I'm sorry, Jake. Jakob is stunned by what's happened in the last few minut He has no idea what to say.
26) 56) dialog: Take care of my dog. He grabs his coat from the park bench and walks away from them. ve EXT. MONTY'S BUILDING — DAWN Naturelle, in her down parka, sits on the stoop steps. Sh sees him when he's a block away, and we see him from that distance, limping through the snow. Naturelle stands and breathes in deeply. She starts walki toward him but stops after a few steps. She can see his f now. His eyes are so badly swollen that he doesn't notice her until he's almost upon her. When he does see her he smile and Naturelle has to look away for a moment. He tries to say somethin but chokes, leans over, hands on his knees, and spits up blood. Naturelle takes him by the hand and leads him up the step
27) 1) dialog: I don't want you to visit. - His voice is rough and slurred, his split lip impeding . diction. She opens a bottle of rubbing alcohol, wets a cotton ball presses .the cottpn lightly against the gash in his foreh He shudders, his fingers gripping the edges of the sofa ~ cushions.
27) 2) dialog: I don't want you to see me up there. Naturelle struggles mightily to keep herself together. Sh continues cleaning his wounds.
27) 3) dialog: Why'd you stay with me? (beat ) . . You should have left a long time ago. (CONTINUED)
27) 17) dialog: What time ‘is it?
27) 19) dialog: No. I need to go. He pushes ‘himself upright. Naturelle comes in from the Kaitchen and hands him a glass of water. He takes it and rinks
27) 21) dialog: No. Monty goes to his bedroom.
27) 22) text: INT. MONTY'S BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS He pulls an already packed suitcase from beneath the bed. gr abs the string of silver rosary beads from the bedside table.
27) 23) text: He stares at the unmade bed for a few seconds before leav INT. MONTY'S LIVING ROOM — CONTINUOUS He sets his suitcase by the front door.
27) 24) dialog: I'll say goodbye here.
27) 26) dialog: i) He approaches his father but Mr. Brogan shakes his head. Subway.
27) 29) dialog: I'll take a taxi.
27) 31) dialog: I don't want it like this. Let me walk away, Dad. It's easier that way.
27) 35) text: He touches Monty's shoulder. a
27) 42) dialog: No hospitals. Mr. Brogan kisses Naturelle on the cheek and she embraces older man. When she lets go he walks to the front door, p up the suitcase, and leaves the apartment. Monty stands still, looking at Naturelle.
27) 44) dialog: I want you to be happy. She nods but says nothing, biting her lip, tears beginnin roll down her face. :
27) 45) dialog: Will- you. d© that for me? ooo no She nods again.
27) 46) dialog: Okay? She grabs him and holds him very hard, clutching him, sob into his neck.
27) 47) dialog: I'm sorry for everything.
27) 49) dialog: For everything. (CONTINUED)
28) 0) text: Monty unknots the plastic bag and dumps the ice down the stairwell. The cubes glitter and disappear before clatter on the linoleum three floors below.
30) 1) text: Mr. Brogan opens the passenger door and Monty eases caref into the seat, then leans over to unlock the driver's doo After Mr. Brogan starts the engine, they wait for a momen for the windows to defrost.
30) 11) dialog: I don't know, Dad. A bunch of them.
30) 12) text: po MR. BROGAN Well, give it a month and you'll be better looking than ever. A fire truck rolls slowly past, chains on its massive tir Monty and his father sit in silence, letting the engine w (CONTINUED)
30) 17) dialog: You were right, Dad. It wasn't Naturelle. Mr. Brogan shifts into drive.
30) 24) dialog: I always thought I'd make you proud o me. : M,. Brogan turns to look at Monty and then turns back to road. , . MONTY | (CONT'D) ; I pictured it, you know? I pictured you sitting at the bar with all your friends, poker night, and you'd say, "Did I tell you what my boy's been up to?" And your friends would be like, "Goddamnit, Le Brogan, ,_all you ever talk, about-is your. a a boy. % MR BROGAN’ Give me the word and I'll take a left turn.
30) 26) text: Monty stares at his father. 0 (CONTINUED)
30) 31) dialog: Dad. MR. BROGAN . . I'm saying if you want. If that's what you want, I'll do it. Monty closes his eyes. We hear the tire chains rattling o the snow. We hear the old engine wheezing. CLOSE on Monty's ravaged face, on his eyelids. Mr. Brogan keeps talking and New York City melts away.
31) 0) text: Mr. Brogan and Honty are sitting at a corner table. Mr. Brogan raises his glass of whiskey to Monty and both men rink.
31) 20) dialog: This life came so close to never happening.