12) 43) text: Monty carefully inserts the photo into his own wallet, ki his father's forehead, and walks away. James Brogan stares at the empty chair where Monty had sa INT. ELEUTHERIA GREEK RESTAURANT — NIGHT UNCLE BLUE, SENKA VALGHOBEK, and VICTOR GEDNY sit on the private balcony that overlooks the restaurant's main room The place is furnished in classic Outer Borough Greek fashion: whitewashed walls, clay-tiled floors, posters of Parthenon at dawn and Santorini at sunset. Uncle Blue owns the place. He's a fierce-looking man with thick black beard, powerful hands, and no tolerance for incompetence. It's hard to determine his age— anywhere fr forty to sixty. Valghobek, his lieutenant, looks at first glance like an overweight suburban dad. But on closer inspection there i something absolutely mirthless in his smile, a meanness around his eyes. He's in his late forties. Gedny, mid-thirties, Uncle Blue's lawyer, wears a shiny s a gold bracelet, and a deep, artificial-looking tan. Gedny busily eats his shrimp and feta while the other two watch him. Gedny gestures toward the windows.
12) 45) dialog: You met with Brogan this morning. eee Uncle Blue's accent, like his age, is difficult to pin do He could be Afghani or Iranian or Turkish. . . :
12) 47) dialog: And?
12) 54) dialog: We're talking about human behavior, Mr. Gedny. Nothing is one hundred percent certain.
12) 59) dialog: He's soft. He won't last long in there.
12) 61) dialog: ’ (to Valghobek) } He's coming tonight? (CONTINUED)
12) 69) dialog: You won't be there, Mr. Gedny.
12) 71) dialog: Win more trials. Gedny laughs but quickly notices that Uncle Blue and. Valghobek are not amused.
12) 74) dialog: The. judge.kept him out of -stepback. Why? - If he's not talking with the Federals, how come he's still on the street? Gedny shrugs.
12) 79) dialog: They know more than you think. If Brogan's telling the truth, he was touched. The DEA went straight to his sofa. They knew exactly where it was.
12) 82) dialog: Correct. EXT. MULBERRY STREET — NIGHT Monty walks down the snow-covered street, hands in the pockets of his camel's hair coat. He watches everything intently: the passersby, the cars swerving through the sl the stores and restaurants.
17) 41) dialog: (to Kostya) What time is Monty coining tonight?
17) 43) dialog: (grim) ; an No, he won't. Bring him here at three. ©) (CONTINUED)
17) 47) dialog: You hear me? Three o'clock.
17) 49) dialog: From midnight on, I want you somewhere else. Nobody comes down here, you got that? INT. BUG BAR — NIGHT Slatter.y. and Jakob sit on bar stools. Slattery sips fro glass of whiskey; Jakob nurses a bottle of beer. The Bug Bar gets its name_from the exotic insects in glas jars behind the bar. A television above the bar shows the entertainment news. A VETERAN in an army jacket practices trick shots on the table, JODY, the young, zaftig bartender, runs a rag over Cc . bartop.
19) 0) text: Mustafayev follows them inside, hands their guns to one o the ZAKHAROV twins, and goes back outside, closing the do The twins are Russian redheads who speak very little Engl Their faces are blunted and pitiless. . Uncle Blue sits behind Volandes' desk, reading the paper. Valghobek sits on a corner of the d desk. The twin with the guns places them carefully in front of Uncle Blue, then returns to stand by his brother, both of them standing behind Monty and Kostya. DJ Dusk's music can barely be heard down here, the thump bass and drum sounding like distant bombshells. Uncle Blue folds his paper neatly and sets it aside.
19) 1) dialog: Montgomery. How is the party?
19) 4) dialog: The first time I went to prison I was fourteen years old, a skinny little boy. me afraid. By the time I came out I had eard. I was a rown man. I went back to my hometown, ound my mother, I kissed her. And she screamed. (smiling) She did not recognize me. I have been in three different prisons, Montgomery, in three different countries. You know what I learned? Monty shakes his head and waits. (CONTINUED)
19) 8) dialog: I learned that prison is not a good place to be.
19) 11) dialog: Seven years is a long time. Some men ; would do anything to avoid seven years in - prison. Monty waits.
19) 16) dialog: Your father, I like your father. A hard-- working man. He has had bad luck, some very bad luck. Everyone in the neighborhood loved your mother. You remember her, Senka?
19) 24) dialog: I want to help your father. I could use a man like that, a hard-working man, a man I could trust. I could take care of your father. Do you understand what I mean, Montgomery?
19) 28) dialog: I have a good job for your father. We'll help him with the money he owes. Uncle Blue turns Monty's gun in his hands. He checks the slide's action. He ejects the magazine, peers, at the Eop cartridge, slaps the magazine back into the pistol's butt
19) 29) dialog: Good weapon. Accurate? Monty nods.
19) 30) dialog: Polymer frame, very good, easy to clean. And reliable? No jams? Monty shakes his head. He turns. around for a moment. The Zakharov twins are staring at him. Monty turns back. Uncl Blue’ smiles. . OO : . °
19) 31) dialog: Have you ever fired it? At someone, I mean.
19) 33) dialog: No. Good. It is a toy for you. Not toy, prop. A prop for you. Like an actor. Am I wrong? With the gun you feel more... dangerous? (CONTINUED)
19) 34) text: settee cone - + eee CONTINUED: (3) noe Wy Monty turns again. The Zakharov twins have their autom out. Monty, getting desperate, turns back to Uncle Blue.
19) 36) dialog: I believe you, Montgomery. When you get there, figure out who is who. Find a man nobody is protecting, a man. without peopte. And beat him until his eyes leed.
19) 38) dialog: Let them think you are a little bit ~ crazy, but respectful, too, respectful of a the right men.
19) 40) dialog: You're a good-looking boy, it won't be seen ess = easy-for—you- -But remember,--I was=- eee . fourteen when I first went. And I survived. my (beat) . We do what we have to do to survive.
19) 43) dialog: So now we have this other problem. .
19) 50) dialog: Kostya dimed you out, little brother. He made a call and stole seven years from your life.
19) 53) dialog: It's yours. You know how to use it? Valghobek holds the pistol by the barrel, a small smile o his face, until Monty grabs it from him. €& MONTY I know how to use it.
19) 54) dialog: Good. This man does not deserve to live. He betrayed you, he betrayed me. He stole from you. He stole seven years from you. En im “"One of the ZakTiaToM' Bwins"§"Pins at Monty and ‘taps" Kostya's skull with his pistol's muzzle.