1) 0) text: A CHILD'S POV as the door opens. We see a gentleman in ceremonial naval dress - CAPTAIN SIR JOHN LINDSAY, aristocratic, handsome...alarmed at the sight before him. His eyes close with some sad, internal pain and as they r open...We see what he sees... A fragile girl...around six years old stands in shabby surroundings. Her terrified eyes stare back, leaving LINDSAY at a loss. He takes in her features - delicate with a full mouth that underlines her ethnicity. She is DIDO ELIZABETH BELLE...part black, part white.
4) 8) text: (fury) Captain Sir John Lindsay, do you find me a fool? She is a MULATTO! LORD MANSFIELD'S blood boils, he rages towards LINDSAY. L MANSFIELD restrains him. LINDSAY is red with humiliation. CAPTAIN SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 10) text: You keep in mind my position..? My reputation...? CAPTAIN SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 12) text: Then have some sense of propriety boy...and understand what you are asking. LINDSAY lowers his voice, shielding DIDO. SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 14) text: How do we raise her...? SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 16) text: That is simply impossible. SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 19) text: What has she been named? SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 21) text: She takes your name? SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 24) text: We...we will call her Dido. (off Lindsay's nod) Good Lord, she is thin. Mary, find her something to eat. LORD MANSFIELD storms from the room. LADY MANSFIELD follows. LINDSAY kneels, choked with emotion. SIR JOHN LINDSAY
4) 25) text: Little Belle - sweet child... (weak smile) My wish is to keep you...keep you with me...but a ship...it is no place for one so precious as you. (pause) In these walls, yours will be a life equal to my blood. A beat. Through eyes that brim...he catches his breath. LADY MARY is both stunned and moved - she has to turn awa SIR JOHN LINDSAY (CONT'D)
22) 4) dialog: Good evening to you. I am John Davinier, I..I believe I may have disturbed a lady of this house... He sets eyes on DIDO, peering from the great staircase.
22) 5) dialog: Ah...she is there. (calling out to her)
22) 8) text: Sir, I do not believe we have been introduced! JOHN takes hold of himself, half mortified, half irritate JOHN
22) 10) text: Sir? He hands WIMBRIDGE an envelope. JOHN
22) 14) text: Immediately - after dinner, sir. JOHN resists rolling his eyes - ghastly female! JOHN
22) 15) text: Yes, of course...thank you. He backs away. DIDO still shows him nothing but her back. JOHN (CONT'D)
27) 6) dialog: (ironic)
27) 10) text: Decide what? She is hesitant now, awkward in JOHN'S presence. DIDO
27) 16) text: As you always are - right beside one another. DIDO's chest heaves with distress. JOHN
27) 18) text: How should any male know the ways of a lady when he has not even mastered the ways of a gentleman? JOHN
27) 24) text: Upon her husband's death a widow may receive.... JOHN
27) 26) text: Hummm... (contemplation) Yours are grand ambitions. JOHN says nothing - swallows hard. DIDO steals a glance. LORD MANSFIELD (CONT'D)
27) 27) text: What is the purpose of the law in your eyes, Mr Davinier? JOHN
27) 29) text: Example. JOHN
27) 30) text: The Zong ship and those drowned. LORD MANSFIELD stiffens. He looks uncomfortably at DIDO piling books. JOHN'S eyes follow. LORD MANSFIELD
27) 31) text: It is one of the few trades acceptable to a gentleman. JOHN
27) 33) text: You aspire to the judiciary? LORD MANSFIELD laughs at him. DIDO stares at the ground - cringing on JOHN'S behalf. John asserts himself. JOHN
27) 37) dialog: (tentative)
27) 40) dialog: Well...as a fourth son, you had rank but not the income to pay for your qualification to the Inns. DIDO's wide eyes take in JOHN, astonished by his chuzpah.
27) 41) dialog: Without the sponsorship of Lord Foley and William Hamilton...the English courts may not have benefited from your brilliance - and the title, Lord Chief Justice could not be yours today...M'lord.
27) 43) dialog: That I do not know, M'lord. I have not yet been afforded those considerations...but I know a country life does not suit me. LORD MANSFIELD's gaze is trained on JOHN. DIDO has finish gathering the books and is quietly slipping from the room
28) 2) text: Thank you for your gracious support. DIDO jumps - finds JOHN standing beside her. DIDO
28) 3) text: I neither spoke for or against you - since neither is my place. JOHN
28) 5) text: Papaa's new student. JOHN
28) 7) text: Mr Davinier, my cousin, Elizabeth. JOHN
28) 9) text: (to John) Papaa has never taken a pupil, you realise? ELIZABETH
28) 10) text: Someone to keep you company while you take Papaa's dictation, Dido. (to John) Truth is, there have been more of your sex at Kenwood this week, than I've previously seen in all my entire life! DIDO flushes. JOHN
28) 15) dialog: Well... (he struggles, tentative) It is a cargo ship. DIDO
28) 16) text: I...I am aware of that. JOHN
28) 18) text: Oh. You said those who were drowned. JOHN
28) 19) text: It lost most of its slaves before arriving at its destination. (hesitant) Drowned - by the crew on the captain's order. JOHN watches as DIDO falters.
28) 23) text: Mr Davinier, will you be joining us for dinner? JOHN's eyes dart to DIDO - sees her unease. It pierces hi
28) 25) dialog: I..er...I thank you, Madam, but I am promised to the company of my aunt this evening. She has recently moved to the cottage at Belsize.
28) 27) dialog: Permit me to ask, why you do not dine with your family - ever?
28) 29) dialog: Forgive me...but twice now I have seen...I have seen you separated from the gathering. DIDO's cheeks begin to burn.
28) 30) dialog: I am confounded. DIDO snaps, her shame over-spilling...
28) 32) dialog: Is that a reminder of my place, Miss Lindsay? She holds back frustrated tears, pained.
30) 0) text: New day. LORD MANSFIELD and JOHN ride through Kenwood's lands on horseback, slowing under the shade of trees.
30) 1) dialog: (he pats his animal)
30) 4) dialog: One hundred and thirty two drowned on route from Africa to the West Indies. Your ruling could bring the slave trade to its knees - entirely destroy an economic foundation of these lands. (off Mansfield)
30) 7) dialog: The insurance claim states, the slaves were thrown overboard for the safety of the ship - that there wasn't sufficient water for the cargo and crew to survive the rest of the voyage.
30) 9) dialog: Then, if I am correct, the case hangs on...
30) 11) dialog: Cargo? LORD MANSFIELD adjusts his language.
30) 14) dialog: But...is that where it hinges? LORD MANSFIELD does not welcome the challenge.
30) 16) dialog: I am sensible of this, m'lord...
30) 18) text: So now tell me - were you to dock at port with barely a piece of merchandise left to trade - what would you do?   Swallow financial ruin - or claim your due from the insurers. John is conflicted - to speak up, or not?
30) 19) dialog: With due respect... I should question, whether 'human' life should have been insurable as cargo - at all. The air turns cold.
31) 0) text: LADY MARY clips flowers from a bush of sunset pink Dahlia DIDO holds a basket, collecting them. LADY MANSFIELD and ELIZABETH stroll beneath parasols. LORD MANSFIELD and JOHN can be seen approaching the stabl on horseback - JOHN trailing.
33) 0) text: JOHN moves through corridors - hat under his arm. ELIZABE emerges from the studio, drawing his attention to... Through a half open doorway, his POV: DIDO sits on stool before ZOFFANY. The sight draws JOHN to a halt. He attempts to move off - but cant! He observes DIDO quietly. She is somehow tranquil under Zoffany's gaze. A beat before her eyes fall on JOHN'S outline in the doorway - his stare, penetrating and compelling. ON ZOFFANY - he follows DIDO'S gaze to JOHN. Then he sketches madly, filling in DIDO'S eyes in great detail. ON JOHN, embarrassed - he moves away quickly.   DIDO is affected. She jumps up! Goes after him! As ELIZABETH'S eyes follow, uncertain.
33) 2) dialog: I...I was curious...
33) 4) dialog: Thank you. He falters slightly, swallows hard - not all is well.
33) 6) text: I appear the only one to have just learned of this affair? JOHN
33) 9) text: It is a fact that I have contemplated on the matter for many hours, and I...I do not think the slaves could have been drowned in the way you say. ON his disbelief - irritation slowly turns to dawning. JOHN
33) 12) text: (earnest) Do not render me your amusement. He traces her vulnerability. It roots him. JOHN
33) 14) text: (trying to understand) And what...what is that? JOHN
33) 17) dialog: They were diseased - worth more as dead insured merchandise, than as alive spoiled goods. (stark)
33) 19) dialog: Miss Lindsay....?
33) 21) dialog: Yes. They are challenging the decision of the lower court - refusing to pay for murdered slaves. Her eyes sting. JOHN can see she is having difficulty - h touches her hand absentmindedly, startling her, but their eyes remain locked. She attempts, weakly, to return self- possession. Then almost a whisper...
46) 0) text: LORD MANSFIELD's eyes are wild. JOHN stands before him.
46) 2) dialog: Because they were! Those slaves were diseased - some were already dying - yes. But it was essential they die ON the journey or they would not come under insurance consideration! Neither too, if they had expired of their diseases - That is why they were killed - this we all know!
46) 4) dialog: These `matters' have been for public consumption for months. Miss Lindsay is no child...no.. fool!
46) 8) dialog: I shall gather my belongings.
46) 10) dialog: Your Lordship, a question? LORD MANSFIELD swings round ready to bite..
46) 12) dialog: As the mere son of a vicar - I wonder whether the value you extend to your very precious mulatto niece - well I wonder if it amounts to MORE...or LESS than the thirty pounds insurance the traders are asking for each life they murdered? ON LORD MANSFIELD'S cold stare.   He swallows hard.
46) 13) dialog: Good day, M'lord.
47) 0) text: ELIZABETH catches sight of JOHN riding across the heath.
56) 21) text: Really? You are much of the conqueror Mr Oliver. He chuckles, brings his hand up to brush her cheek, gentl She smiles just as her eyes fall on the back of a gentlem head, shoulders - his movement somehow familiar. The sight roots her, uncertain of what she sees. And then he turns to address another, and his profile becomes clea It is JOHN DAVINIER. In that moment, he flicks his head round and his gaze fal on her - a beat between them then his eyes fall on OLIVER JOHN excuses himself from others and makes his way across JOHN
56) 23) text: (flushed) Mr Davinier. How...how nice to see you. JOHN
56) 28) text: A clergyman! (an `off' smile) Good day, to you...sir. OLIVER bows, manfully, asserting his greater status. JOHN
56) 30) text: Elizabeth and Mamaa are here... in fact. DIDO watches as JOHN nods politely and moves off, returni to his company - male and all of a similar type to him. ON OLIVER, as he takes in JOHN'S effect on DIDO.
56) 34) text: I did not have the chance to see you before you left...Mr Davinier ...to convey my apologies. JOHN
56) 38) text: He would make mine a living hell, were he to know of us speaking. DIDO tugs him into a quiet lane, away from the concert an promenading. Hardly a breath and BAM!! She is slammed against a walled maze, suddenly!! JOHN pressed against her tightly! Confused, her gaze darts around her, finds LADY MANSFIELD and LADY ASHFORD ambling past along a cross path, oblivio DIDO freezes - held tightly against JOHN. She stares panicked into his eyes and he into hers. 61.5:CUTAWAY So they do not see ELIZABETH as she strolls with JAMES - Her gaze falling on JOHN and DIDO, instantly ELIZABETH is stunned!!!! But doesn't falter. 61.4 CONT'D: As DIDO and JOHN look back - nothing but anonymous strangers, leaving them none the wiser to being discovered. JOHN pulls away, embarrassed... JOHN (CONT'D)
56) 40) text: What are you doing here in London Mr Davinier? JOHN
56) 42) text: Not what you wished for. JOHN
56) 44) text: (flushed) Where are my manners? I trust the future Mrs Davinier is well. JOHN
56) 47) text: I have tried to keep up - with the Zong. These past weeks. JOHN
56) 49) text: (bitterly) What price, a worthless Negro. JOHN
56) 50) text: (frustrated) You utterly misunderstand me. I am saying that no man may have the value of that of cargo!!! Human beings cannot be priced, since we are priceless!! Freemen and slaves alike! Her eyes begin to sting at the `integrity' in his words. JOHN (CONT'D)
56) 52) text: But that would require a change of law. I know nothing but... JOHN
56) 53) text: A change in law - something the insurance companies can lobby for IF they can be persuaded to band together. (softly,) We may only be students, but...change is most always precipitated by the young. (shrugs - poignant) Someone has to have the courage. How can we expect to be civilised if we live in a barbaric world. His words wind her as JOHN shakes his head, frustrated. S takes him in - he is so very handsome!
56) 56) text: No. It is more than that. It's the shame of a law that would uphold a financial transaction upon that atrocity. She is scathing and accepting all at once, affecting him. JOHN
56) 58) text: I have never heard anyone speak like you. JOHN
56) 59) text: Nor I, you, Miss Lindsay. He is emotional, it perturbs him too, now. JOHN (CONT'D)
56) 61) text: No we cannot risk it. He nods - studies her.... JOHN
56) 63) text: Good bye, Mr Davinier. She turns, preparing herself. JOHN
68) 0) text: POV, negotiating the dark crowded inn - An intellectual brood, mostly men in their own little cliques, discussing the woes of the world and nursing malt beer. We find JOHN - in amongst his group, an intense discussio in full swing, a table laid with pamphlets, papers.
68) 3) dialog: Harry?
69) 1) dialog: Miss Lindsay! As he climbs inside.    He is stunned, flustered.
69) 2) dialog: 
69) 5) dialog: I didn't expect...! Are you to come inside?...Are...?
69) 7) dialog: (feeling foolish)
69) 10) dialog: No. We've achieved little.... She lifts his face to hers, earnestly.
69) 13) text: I have something to show you. She collects the two scrolls beside her, each ribbon tied She hands one to JOHN, smoothing the other on her lap. DIDO (CONT'D)
69) 14) text: It is said all of the ship's papers have been `lost'... but...here...I found these in Papaa's library. JOHN
69) 16) text: Papaa's notes on the ship's log. It seems the First Mate has come forward with it - one Mr Stubbs. I could not find the log itself, but look at Papaa's markings - See the map positions - From December 29th, Captain Collingwood and his men directed the ship past no less than eight ports where, you see.... (she points to map) ...there was every opportunity to stop and replenish the ship's water supplies. JOHN studies the log and map together.
69) 17) dialog: Good Lord! DIDO
69) 18) text: And they did not! They either ignored the possibilities, or they were never in need. JOHN'S gaze darts from notes to the map, absorbed. JOHN
69) 20) text: Is it? Perhaps if you made these facts known, Mr Davinier JOHN
69) 24) dialog: Walk with me, Miss Lindsay. The back of the Inn has the canals, (he laughs)
71) 0) text: The sun is almost down.   A hooded DIDO walks beside JOHN
71) 3) text: (conciliatory) The fault was never with you. He stops a beat as he catches her gaze on a painted metal sign swinging from the back of an inn. It shows a gent, hat in hand, his black servant bowing behind him. JOHN (CONT'D)
71) 5) text: Just as in life, we are no better in paintings... He follows her gaze back to the image and realisation hit JOHN
71) 10) dialog: Whose? DIDO
71) 11) text: Gentlemen's. We women are but the property of gentlemen. That is the way it is, in law and in life, is it not? JOHN nods, uneasily.    DIDO thinks aloud. DIDO (CONT'D)
71) 15) text: Or have I? ((her mind ticks over) Must not a lady marry, even if she is financially secure? For who is she, without a husband of consequence? (she ponders) It seems silly - like a free negro who begs for a master! JOHN
71) 17) text: I remember my Papaa's eyes. They were kind, gentle... a little like yours... JOHN
71) 19) text: (embarrassed) I mean...in colour. Grey. (long beat) He showed me much love, though I knew him only a few hours. JOHN
71) 21) text: She is a ghost in my life - present in my reflection, in each scowl I receive, yet I know very little of her than the colour she has given me. JOHN
71) 25) dialog: Had? They observe each other a moment. Will they kiss? Dido pulls back, nervous of the intimacy.
71) 27) dialog: Oh! She begins to walk again - composing herself.
71) 29) dialog: Is it...what you want? She stops.    The question strikes her.
71) 31) dialog: But she is a spinster.
71) 33) dialog: You...are above reducing yourself for the sake of rank. She stares at him, frozen - his words bury somewhere deep She studies him, harder. He moves towards her, letting hi breath settle on her face. They are both deadly nervous.
71) 34) dialog: I pray he would marry you without a penny to your name - for that is a man who will truly treasure you! DIDO searches him. He takes her hand, brings it to his li kissing it gently sending a shiver through her.
71) 35) dialog: I will take you back to your coach.
76) 1) dialog: I had never imagined myself to be married. But my aunt is determined. It is true that if one were to count, I had not even been acquainted with Miss Beresford on three occasions.
76) 3) dialog: (ironic)
77) 0) text: A NEW DAY...bustling, behind the canal. DIDO and JOHN str
77) 1) dialog: Were you a curious child?
78) 0) text: ANOTHER DAY....ON JOHN and DIDO as they meander.
78) 2) dialog: It is quite extraordinary ...but I fear...I fear despite persuasive argument...your Papaa has not been moved. (despondent)
78) 3) text: I am not certain he is ready to go against the traders - they are some of the most powerful in these Isles - theirs are the finances that hold up England, after all. The enemies of any man who stood against the trade would be vicious. DIDO stops, turns JOHN to face her.   She is intense...
78) 6) dialog: That...that is a fact. A tear spills. As JOHN'S hand come up to wipe it away...
92) 0) text: JOHN follows HARRY to exit the Inn.
93) 0) text: The carriage door opens - JOHN climbs in, barely taking a moment to look where he is going, and as he looks up, he too sets eyes on LORD MANSFIELD. JOHN looks back to HARRY, stunned. HARRY's gaze locks wit DIDO'S. She is hurt. He falters, closes the carriage door
93) 4) text: This man's ambitions include you. You will endure shame and risk your position for a man without name, who will sully yours and drag your reputation to the gutter! JOHN
93) 6) text: ...I have EVERY right...! JOHN
93) 7) text: ...No! That you will never have! Not until you cease from judging the entire world as those above and those below and begin to see people as PEOPLE! Human beings, who think and feel no more or less than you do! LORD MANSFIELD stands arrested. JOHN'S words strike deep. LORD MANSFIELD
93) 8) text: I know there is a lady in Belsize who is waiting to be your wife. JOHN
93) 10) text: Love? You claim love....?? He reaches for JOHN'S neck. DIDO throws herself at them. DIDO
93) 11) text: NO! STOP! Papaa, you must stop! As she struggles to keep them apart. JOHN falls against the door. He shouts at the top of his voice to be heard. JOHN
105) 18) dialog: ...But religion cannot be the only guardian of our morality.
105) 21) dialog: And failing that does the law not have a duty? ON LORD MANSFIELD - his own group continue in conversatio but all his attention is on JOHN.
105) 22) dialog: Do the bench and parliament not have a duty to uphold and create the laws, to set the precedents that progress our morality, not retard it! If not to protect us from others, then to protect us from ourselves! Laws that allow us to diminish the humanity of anybody, are not laws - they are frameworks for crime. ON LORD MANSFIELD - something going on behind the eyes. T rest of the room fades - making JOHN clear and crisp.
105) 23) dialog: A constitution can never be finite - surely as humanity evolves so too must its laws. And frankly I really do not care if you as an individual are without character or conscience - But a land whose laws contain neither - whose laws sanction not control the barbarous among its citizens - that is a country whose hope is lost. LORD MANSFIELD's gaze falls away, as he swallows hard.
106) 0) text: JOHN exits Lloyd's, into the open halls of the Exchange. LORD MANSFIELD fits his tricorn (hat), preparing to leave The two men lay eyes on each other - both rooted. LORD MANSFIELD'S examines JOHN.
107) 0) text: LORD MANSFIELD walks to his carriage. JOHN races after hi
107) 1) dialog: M'lord..! It..it is a misuse of the clause. It is not for human lives. It is for goods.. Chattel...
107) 3) text: (factual) It is for property! JOHN
107) 4) text: I HAVE SEEN YOUR NOTES!! If they wanted water they could have had it! ON LORD MANSFIELD'S realisation - DIDO has given the information to JOHN. LORD MANSFIELD
107) 5) text: Dido. JOHN
107) 7) text: That is correct!...(to his driver)...Drive! The carriage begins to move off.   JOHN walks alongside i JOHN
107) 9) text: She is not a slave. JOHN
107) 10) text: By the very grace of God! The words provoke LORD MANSFIELD. He stands, slamming his hand to the driver's wall. The carriage halts abruptly. JOHN stands at the carriage window, breathless. LORD MANSFIELD looks down at him furious, suddenly disarmed by the emotion in JOHN'S eyes. LORD MANSFIELD
107) 11) text: This is not about Miss Lindsay. JOHN is confused, flustered. JOHN
111) 0) text: As they pour through the doors, we settle first on LORD ASHFORD, then, JOHN DAVINIER, pushing into the room.
112) 7) text: No! Gasps from around the room...gasps that turn into cries, including DIDO'S own. JOHN is rigid, anger rising. LORD MANSFIELD
112) 14) text: It is my opinion, that the state of slavery is so odious a position that nothing may support it. This case has displayed with searing clarity the depravity of any such nation whose choice is to practice it. You may be certain that I have laboured over my judgement and statements today and am in full understanding of all of the ramifications. Justice be done,though the heavens may fall. JOHN'S eyes brim at the realisation of those words. LORD MANSFIELD (CONT'D)
113) 0) text: JOHN watches as DIDO races back to the carriage. ON their reaction - LORD MANSFIELD stands waiting. As DIDO and LORD MANSFIELD come before each other. Everyt in their eyes - restrained emotion over a long beat.
113) 3) dialog: M'Lord...I am inspired by your decision today. We will not go backwards from here.
113) 5) text: History will judge if your optimism is warranted...(beat)... You are a man of conviction. JOHN swallows hard, emotion rising, stinging his eyes.
113) 6) dialog: I am trying to be.
113) 12) text: (a whisper - defiant) My affections are with him, Papaa. I wish for nothing... nothing, if not to be his wife. She stares into LORD MANSFIELD's eyes - he takes in JOHN. LORD MANSFIELD
113) 13) text: If you would Mr Davinier, I would like you to attend my chambers in the morning. There are matters I would like you to assist me with. JOHN
113) 15) text: And if you think it a good idea...I wish to facilitate your entry to the Inns of Court. JOHN
113) 16) text: (tentative) That is to serve my qualification to The Bar? The question LORD MANSFIELD once put to JOHN, is now answ LORD MANSFIELD
113) 17) text: Indeed...(humbled)...Capabilities such as yours are clearly deserving of such considerations. JOHN breathes heavily, also humbled, as his tears surface JOHN
113) 18) text: I..I think it a very good idea, sir. LORD MANSFIELD nods, then finally moves off.    JOHN can' take it in. DIDO is breathless, eyes brim... JOHN (CONT'D)
113) 21) text: Of course. He sees what I see. His words were as clear as... JOHN