0) 1) text: dark water of the lake, “They move faintly with the rippl to give the impression cf the wings of a bird or of au an HIGH ANGLE, JOHN has plunged inte ti:e water and svins
0) 17) dialog: Don't look now, “Tut welra I boing exam watche LAURA looks about to right and left.
0) 19) text: LAURA suppresses a gigglo'’as she turns back to JOHN,
0) 51) dialog: What ave you doing?
0) 55) dialog: Oh yes you must,
1) 0) text: ay. DAY. Whiteness of the clinical room, Through the window LAURA, dark and hunched, waiting in the car, She stares ahead, transfixed and empty, her face pale and drained, JOHN tur away Prom the window to the DOCTOR who is sitting at his desk, his head bowed over somo papers, Wath his head still bowed the DOCTOR takes off his glasse puts them in his top pocket, rubs his eyes and loeks up. eyos ara pale tlue and rhownye
1) 2) text: JOHN thos slow Still hunched, witha.
1) 71) text: JOHN watches cs the WAITER arrivos with an ice-bucket and half-magnunm of Asti Spuwante. JOHN gestures tho ice=buck to be put directly in front of LAURA's place, Then he tak the small vase of roses and puts thom in the ice~bucket.
2) 17) text: The ice in the deecbucket has turned to water and the ros float laimply om tho surfaco. @imo has passed and JOHN is now really agitated, tie haif rises from his chair, but
2) 23) dialog: They were wemen after all, vight?
2) 25) dialog: Your Australian schoolwmistresses, They just left. JOUN realises there is somothing quite ditfexeut abaut hi wifo,. JOHN (conta) Are you ail vight? I bought you 4 A pregout., Some 4.
2) 45) text: EXP. 3 CS Boar. paY. LAURA's face is ashen grey. JON sits on ons sido of har, touching her face with his hand. On the other side of her sits the ambulance ONDESLY in a white coat, He has one hand on LAURA'S pulses, tho other holde his watch. His head is bant down in conecsntration, JOHN watchas, intently,
2) 50) dialog: What? The ORDERLY touches his heart.
4) 8) text: By the time they reach it, tho ward is in silence, Tne CiILD in the next had stares at. JOHN with inuge unblinking eyes. The NURSES gives a smile of enccuragenent and pulls one o the screans to ono side so that JOHN can enter. LAURA is lying on her back, but is awake. Shoe sites when JOHN cemes ine
4) 16) text: There iS 0 Bee parce , winpeionndmmmeduptereendmmaeiN TRE ‘SieivemtencrnemnneD JOHN takes LAUMAts hand gantly, They are very glad ta see each other. They do not speak. Hospital noises claitor dn the background, tien ERE CS Er a EY Finally JOIN speaks softly. .
4) 25) text: JOHN is silent because he eoesntt know what to sey.
4) 31) dialog: I know you're not. I @idn't say you were,
4) 48) text: She is grey and shattered, JOHN's face melts in a smile of real rolio?.
4) 54) text: JOHN is watching her carefully.
4) 71) dialog: What for? You've seen it,
4) 74) dialog: What's the matter with here? You aiways say God is everywiiere.
4) 76) text: It is a quiet, cool and dark place, But the bright sunlight cutside throws patches of vivid colour from tho stain glass windows onto the mosaics which cover much of the walls. : JOHN stands baside a mosaic studying it with intent professional interest. With the back of a pen he tars Ak one
4) 77) text: at one of the coloured mosaic stones, In an in eshte jase inp inns ian A ng a a Ll et ns eee Elm A ms a iINS@a7. ZOR ood EXT. BACK STREET, VENICE. DAY. ° JOHN and LAURA turn a corner to find the little street eff, Three uniformed POLICE stand on duty outside a dingy house half way down the street. <A smail cluster of ONLOO stand by the rope where another POLICEMAX is on duty. Two boats ride at the mooring where a narrow canal abuts the at the far end. Forensic experts are dusting doors and wi with fingerprint powder.
4) 79) dialog: What’s the matter? The POLICEMAN utters a few words in Italian which mean no JOHN or LAURA, but the POLICEMAN isn't going to amplify f foreigners. i
4) 85) dialog: Homicidis we can get in New York. Come on,
4) 103) dialog: Seen one medieval mosaic and you've seen tem all, They stop at a little aide chapel partitioned off from
4) 104) text: the main body of the church by ex ite gritiework in iron, There are nat many tourists in this side chapel, only one or two Italian WOMON at prayer, One is lighting @ votive candie to the Virgin. LAURA reads tho sign pinned to the entrance of the side chapel: “THIS CHAPES IS RESERVED FOR THOS WHO WANT TO PRAY." Tt Ls in two other languages besides. LAURA. Avful, isn't 4t. When they have to put up a reserved for prayer sign like that, ‘What do they think the rest of a church is fort? JOHN bars the entrance to her,
4) 116) text: Behind JOHN, as he watches, a party of TOURI is buing usherad round by a GUIDE, He stops behind JOW! at the chapel,
4) 129) text: offscreen JOUN turns to look, We rocails in shock, } HEATHDR's face is inehes from his, staring with sightiess eyes through the grillework, her hands moving over tha - tracery like a spider patrolling ite wob, JOHN draws back, looking about for WANnY. He sees her, looking for her sister, about twonty-five ' yarde away cown the nave. ‘ } JOHN drops down into a hassock and buries his head in i prayer, . \ Behind him can be heard Y's footsteps, a mutbered ’ conversation in rolling Seots accents and then silence, ) SOHN keeps his eyes tight shue. An ostrich. A hand touches him. Tt is LAURA, smiling, t
4) 135) text: JOHN brushes aside tite OFFICIAL and leaps avoamd closely
4) 142) text: JOHN looks at his watch again.
4) 145) dialog: So much you know. There are at least two people in the world who could do the restoration as well as moO. lie paces up and down.
4) 146) dialog: . thay be. None are as chean, mmm, fa paces some mora,
4) 148) dialog: And Leverett's in hospital with a stroke, He is grinning. JWAURA raises his arm above his head, JOHN scowls,
4) 151) dialog: I'm still late ~ an hour inte ~ and that's rude. Look = vou restore churches,
4) 153) text: is good Susiness practice. JOHN grins at hor,
4) 161) text: As JOHN and LAURA steps towards th, i ‘ i scuttling acr i
5) 0) text: As JOEN and LAURA leap off tne vaporetto and start up the towards the church, three little URCHINS come senttling a them, One selis cheap dark glasses, bne sells pennants an sells nothing at all, But he smiles a lot, LAURA (to JOHN) Bluff it out, Apologize for bei
5) 2) dialog: Therets a side door, They start to move round the walls of the church, I've got a legitimate excuse for being late. ° 1 aoa
5) 21) dialog: I feel terrible, Alberto, please accept my apologies. « e«
5) 23) dialog: Weti\} take the vaporetto back, By the way I had the samplo of mastic you sent me analysed, Tt's really just ea primitive cement with some china clay added, I think
5) 26) text: his private launch, JOHN makes a face:'sonofabitch’ and. makes a face: 'gscrew him,' i JOHN Well I hadn't realized the cupola was windowed on the East and West sides, ALBERTO giances up at the church's dome to confirm this. What I'd realiy like is to examine the mosaics when the first light is striking _ at at, niged angles. That way you can spot irregularities without using a lateral 1 theodolite.
5) 27) text: What time, then? JOHN pauses,
5) 28) dialog: Six a.m, I guess not later than 6.15. ae &LBERTO turas uw suade darker, : I'm sorry, But if the vishop really wants. . ‘ ALBERTO shrugs as if the matter were of no consequence.
5) 30) dialog: Wow!
5) 32) dialog: Well at least I got the sonofabitch up at dawn tomorrow,
5) 46) text: The ake, doo” cl m them, LAURA roaffirms herself to JOHN with a warm kiss, wae: 24, INT. THpRCoN. DAY. Fovagd wf YOM tng watey fon Bar beeves on » LAURA is
5) 59) dialog: Toss you for it, Hie takes a coin from his trouser pocket and spins.
5) 72) text: Come in! 4nd another. a, ‘JOHN a0 Holl. Me gets out of the bath,
5) 74) text: weebe hawas; but the deay egens oetere he Gets te Vk And j protty WAID enters with the martinis. ; . JOHN blanches¢ quabs at a led spvemcs, to comerale hi q te asd omm puts them down om the tavle RevcEEI Teenie i a tip. epee yetesily She is Svape Gxxed
5) 106) dialog: That was befora you raped mo,
5) 128) dialog: Itm ust shouting. Fut look, Watro here, We've just come over that iridme,
5) 143) dialog: Look - we ge down this alley, over that bridge, fork down thas alley and wo come out at the Church of San Zacaviahe ’ LAURA Maybe. sane Ne vakes hey ty the ama.
5) 147) text: It is dark, shadowy, rather unpleasant. LAURA is waiking woll ohead of JOHN now and trying to take the initiat:
5) 180) dialog: Don't tall the mayor “ said so, r LAURA pulls away from him, a little vecovered,
5) 220) text: The SOUND of her footsteps echo momentarily acress the ca FLASH SHOT: The sound of JOHN's footsteps as he runs cow ta ZOCNS
5) 221) text: the pathway to the lake. Over this sound tie Cau violently towards the dead body in tha water. ifis daucht and the red plastic that strikes a chord of recognition, For the CHILD in Venice was wearing red, It is only a fragmentary moment. JOHN bi. thing is cover in a moment. He folds the street map nks as if in disbelief at his own eyas, The whoalo
5) 224) dialog: 
5) 232) dialog: Oh it was just...just an old drunk, The incident is banished, LAURA gestures to the niasza beyond,
5) 249) dialog: Por two. And stich close. Iowant to order a drink. The WALTS2 smiles and guides them to a table, producing two huge menus as if by magic.
5) 250) dialog: Two very lasso canupari seda,
6) 3) text: JOBNN tosses his menu down with a ‘well I'll be damned! s 5 . The WAITER arrives with their drinks. JOHN heids his i up and looks at her through the bubbles of soda, : Sony 4 Here's to use } He drinks without waiting for LAURA to join him. His ey i stray to the doorway of the restaurant. HIS P.0.¥. The two SISTERS have just entered, They fuss with removing their jackets and being shown sedately
6) 4) text: hbotwees the t s to a cerner snot some five tasles avay from JOHN and LAURA'S. JOHN's face tightens.
6) 7) dialog: What?
6) 66) text: She was drowned. John Hadseves
6) 85) text: He has the gift. Even Af he doesn't know it. Sven if he is ~“. ‘ resisting it. , HEATHER senses LAURA's disappointment - almost jealousy, of JOHN, ie@ can see the daughter the:r have Jost, she cannot,
6) 104) dialog: Itva heen drinking your drinks ag wali as mine.
6) 187) text: ug them gomehew unreal, JOHN turns up his coat coller and gazes about, waiting fo LAURA to como out of tha restaurant.
6) 190) text: JOHN turns, wu at her.
6) 205) text: again. JOHN hesitates a mement. And in that moment a sudden bunch of street URCIIINS cor
6) 208) text: JOHN wades in to intervene and Tie JOuN Move! Iley - get out of
6) 261) text: x JOHN marches out of the doorway once move, into
6) 325) text: what JOHN stares up at the shuttered windows. jien he steps into the doorway and pushas tentatively at the front deco
6) 326) text: It epens inwards with a groan. JOHN anters quickly,
6) 330) text: is a Dell whivh JOHN thumps. Nothing. He thumps 3. Still saothing. Ha gous behind the des‘: and opars the guest book, rusani
7) 19) text: When he gets about ten yards further o. back, Tho MAN is still staring at hin. JOHN takes a few paces more ard discovers that there is nowhere for hin to go, Dut back past tiie MAN,
7) 20) text: The M4 tueks nis ead beck into the reow and There is a muttered consultation in Italian and an even bigger HAN appears in pyjamas. JOHN reaches the top of the stairs when a powerful voice calls out behind hin, yvorcs Hey! aAitet Alte-la!t Ladro JOHN pauses and looks back.
7) 23) text: “uy the two large 3 mean business, JOHN takes the better part of valor and dashes out tle do
7) 59) text: Relief, union, forgiveness, They ss. JOHN touches
7) 144) text: stage. JOHN's reply from the other end of the line is muffled. The MSADAASTIR goes on, . ‘ HIADHASTER 7 Uhm, the thing ig that I'm : afraid your son is one of three boys uhm missing from the school. They appear to have sze@nt the uight ’ out ~ they got separated from a : school expedition - and there's a ; full scale search going on at this ; very moment, Now ther've omly been missing a few hours up to now but fy uhm we felt you ought to know..... a7, INT. VEVIC? WORST BIDRTG, NICHT,
7) 147) text: : LAURA grabs the phone from JOHN,
9) 6) dialog: Weill, whon do they come on cuty? He slams the phoue down and stumbles out of bed, Crosses to LAURA and tries te hold her, calm her.
9) 15) text: JOHN crosses to her bedside tala and &
9) 35) text: j Qur only child may Le j : JOHN gives her the water, which she without reference to the pills. i ‘ ne = > ped, : 2 voor io i 4 i . bird's nest aldwecsees
9) 36) text: ‘ That was the warming. You kaow i: that, don't you? Christine was i trying to warn us about Johnnie, : Not you. That's why we had to i deave Venice. ShesesectoldcesettSecee : The words are left floating on tho air, JOIL' is decide 2 ‘ by something in LAUSA's tone, He puts on a wrap aud s . For the door.
9) 49) text: piles, their voices shrill, Shear travelling clothes like nothing loss than party clothes, JOHN takes LAURA's hand,
9) 50) dialog: Pive minttes, darling. Te'ir bo all right. The rages and the emotional p
9) 112) text: VORKHAN, Leaning Ov the doav acdy WA iy a bowed JOHN comes up,
9) 141) text: The VORKMNAN ang JOHN are standing en a plank platform 2 what seams to be about a thousand feet up. Of course it is nothing liko this, but the proximity of the walla, the
9) 169) text: 27S face, terrified, JOHN, his eyes shut, holding oa, The WCRKHAN leaps for the pulley and starts to haul. Very carefully indeed, . The box starts to creak upwards, Dut as it does so, all the edditional waight now on one side only, the seaffoldi to which it is attached starta to
9) 186) text: JOHN stoacdics hinsclt an
9) 192) text: ALRERTO inoves Lowws impoteut to help yet cGesperit give help. JOHN hos reached the ladder
9) 203) text: at JOHN with 9 sudden respict, ox no
9) 208) text: 56.UxX. OLS? G 2 DAY. Once outside they skirt the wichinery and start to head towards the bridgo. Rut JOHN pausss,.
9) 210) text: i facing tho canal and ALLNTO joins him, po ALBERTO ; Iovwill have the bishop sue the 4. contractor for every penny. He i will do no more restora nn work | ; for us, Yerumuperstrerpgebea-eocmorens « JOHN grins o& Little,
9) 249) text: ater the whote_cttyts—terrifted ALBsi'tO (cont) You do not read the papers? JOHN answers with a touch of asperity.
9) 250) dialog: I've had quite enough bad news in my family recently. Without papers. ALBokTu Of course. Forgive me. One forgets.
9) 303) text: yo to her, ps eediy Teme JOHN scranclea across the benches of the vapoxretto as th two boats pass. , Aad thers is no doubt. Earely ten yerds from himy; LAURA and the two SISTURS, star ing emptily ahead, In a moment, JOHN is fighting his way back through the te
9) 305) dialog: Laura! Laura! But the bont turns into a sida canal and is lost frow si
9) 321) dialog: Look, Where's
9) 405) text: j : L'il collect my Lags. The HANAGIR bows, JOHN turns on his heol and strides ous of the hotel, The WOMAN writing her postcards looks after him pityingly then turns to the Manager.
9) 408) text: ordered bustia: PEOPLE coming and going, POLICEMEN filing reports, going off.duty, arriving on duty. JOHN approaches the desk, A UNTYORMED CFFIOZTAL looks up.
10) 2) text: They look vary glish. At the and of JOHN wonders wheat to do. Ile stands,
10) 89) text: EUSPECTOR (contd) the hotel, . Perhaps that will end the entire mystery. We will do what we cun to locate these women, Ly the usual channels and that takes time, JOHN is exaspessated and storms to tho door,
10) 92) text: SCTOR waite Tor a moment, then reaches for the telephone. EINSPOCTCR ° Gianni? Prontos... CUS CLO» DAY. JOHN comes running down the steps. He hesitates at the
10) 95) text: bottom, then walks quickly towards the vaporatto jetty. A thin, tall POLICEMAN in plain clothes emerges from the building too, IJle stands watching, identifying JORN, and vory quistly following him to the jetty. ETTO, DAY. JOHN steps on board the vaporetto and moves to the front.
10) 106) text: JOHN strides past the restaurant wherd they dined the previous night, fie negitenties, powers jn the windowse HIS. P.O.V. Timoucd vr except for a PRISST and o NUN tucking into a delicious
10) 122) text: stretches away in several dirac as along tha canal Lank, over the bridge, along the far sida, and of in two furthe directicns to his left, JOHN loans against the wall im momentary vejiaf, For Life continues normally nere. TOURISTS wouder with their 1
10) 152) text: a by a sucke veing tossed froma balcony, JOHN's reveries is broker, Tle foes back over tho bridge and waiks slowly along the
10) 160) text: JOHN turns up a street,
10) 178) text: 23s WED STREYT FN VENER 2 oeixha. on in the Girection he was going. JOIGG looks at frowing in feint recognition, then moves on to the street round the corner, EXT, ASOTUTR SPREET TN OV: 5. Dav. JOHN Looks in both directions on this streat. Nut there is no feature he might recognize, He continuas dow: it navertheloss, Ard as he walks he slovily realises ho is staring at the bar where ne drank the previcus nishs, Aud opposite the bar - is the sistars' hotol. JOUN starts to run, The POLICSHAN watehes froma the shadows ef an alleyway. JOIN runs into the hotel,
11) 6) dialog: Anybody here? A @oor slams, somewhore in the tacli.
11) 34) text: JOHK throws open other dravers. Nothing. Tue luggage rack stands naked, JOHN spins round, no VOR
11) 53) text: } Sai:bioni, Tes ae SecTiwe homerdi . i : ommercrtsroioen, iurder squad, JOHN holds onto the bed head,
11) 72) text: his anger hursting forth in a ®iend. We yolls as lcud as he can, JOHN {yelling} Come ont, Two extremely elegant VSNSTIANS, a man and a woman, walir o ’ ’
11) 78) dialog: Tim torvibly SOD,
11) 132) text: a? a. aha lacte Hl ¢nlenel , JoHN/finally gets up next to ALBERTO and makes his prayen recognized,
11) 134) dialog: Wo, wh mot yet. Look itm reaily embarassed about this. . .
11) 136) dialog: At least I got the police to take me ygariousiy Bee et, The two old sisters have vanished. That got them moving.
11) 140) dialog: Do you think I could call Engtand? I'am SOTTY.s « « ALBERTO nods, without speaking and picks up the ¢elephone dials a number, waits in silence, <A pause. Then he asks, Italian, for the overseas operator.
11) 159) text: JOHN fuwbles for the picee of paper ii his pocket, thon takes the phone from ALPIRTO,
11) 163) text: ij / vOraY i The number da Hnyglanc 15.6.<ONeoe : Ho makes a face to ALPNRTO: anpossibie televhones, ie : must wait. ALBERTO sees a couple leaving « the sane j . couple that arrived with JOUN only a mouent ago, He ; scampers across to them 3 JOHN turns his back on i
11) 176) dialog: What? Uh ~ sousi.s..momontorsee Ua hands the phone to ALEGRTO for translation.
11) 234) text: Johnnie's just fine end prend as punch because his picture's in the papor. . There is a pausa,
11) 249) text: John - are you sure you've all ris ¥ DAY.
12) 4) text: 1D JOHN are sitting in a squalid interviow room,
12) 43) text: looking for JOHN, Yut when ALYSRTO cones up to ter and takes her bag, he oxplains what has happened. Ner saile
12) 159) text: \ WENDY is busily searching through the suitcase and driv : . for something, JOHN stands uneasily vy the door. HSATHSER sits in a chair.
12) 178) text: g througn the room, And ahovo the wind the SCUND of a CIELD'S VONC! erying. JOHN doesn't want to se involved, Ha backs to the door,
12) 182) text: and JOHN goes out, The SOUND of the child esyiayg up and blencs into...... pei. CORRIDOR SInS BSISTERSt R2CGM. NIGHT. A SCh
12) 211) text: John.,.is he s Woay gwaks LaUnA'ts arm aud propels her almost vioieitly into the hotel.
13) 4) text: seem to move as JOHN walks briskly towards a casal bridga He is slightly lost us can be gathered Irem his constant roference to the pocket map ard checking nanues of strest
13) 52) text: JOHN siows to a halt as he hears the noise of a door
13) 68) text: 1i2, JOHN looks wack at the pathetic, 3
13) 80) text: breath coming in racking pants of terrer acd JOHN slaws the gate behind. Ha throws two thassive Lolts into piaco and clips the padlock, then vuns down the
13) 85) text: This leads to a tiny open courtyard 0% ampenetrabls doors of twa houses forvid As JOHN rounds the corner of the passag a halt, Tue CHILD is huddled in a dark corner, like e trapped
13) 86) text: animal, moaning, Jonit It's all right, T'na hera.. ‘ Tt's all right. Youve sate ROMs JOHN strides up to the neerest door and raps loudly on it
13) 97) dialog: We'll get help - don't worry. Tie pushes at tha siait door, <jind it sags inwards, with dreadful hollow groan, Tne house is abandoned and derelict. ‘Tne far walls aro broken rubble, backing onto auother canal. Tha CHILD scuttles past the astonished JCiN and dashes into the houso, And now there is the SOINM of wind, a.
13) 100) dialog: Itm a friend. I won't hurt you. Came ong Lidessiee HOV. ne door gently for
13) 103) text: him. JOHN reaches out a hand fer contort, “hoe CHILD's ery reaches a crescendo, Tne CHILD TURNS and throws back her hood, She is no child but o hideously misshapen dwarf. A Worn with a great deformed head, dirty grey hair falling out and powerful shoulders. And she isn't selbing, The sounds is are caused by her naturel breathing through a twisted meu and disfigured nose,
14) 1) text: at the furious PCLICs activity everywhere. hen At is a prayer. ‘ LAURA ~, John... darling...