0) 14) text: LAURA is at an outside tahle in a cheerful Yeuet restaurant. She 4s with JOUN, her husband and friend. Tho scars of tragody are. still visilie in the tautness o her smile, Wut at least the effort is genuine, The muffled vaguenoss that is a consaquenve of emotional shoc sland still clouds LAURA's dem@anour, Wut at least hes i
0) 19) text: LAURA suppresses a gigglo'’as she turns back to JOHN,
0) 20) dialog: Theytre not old wonen at all. They're mala brothers in drag. LAURA laughs and JOHN joins her, his hand sneaking out to touch her axin,
0) 26) dialog: : Change the subject John. JOHN waves helplassly,
0) 28) dialog: You know what I think they are? Retired schoolmistresses from Australia, They inherited a haady Qiuamee little sum fron sister Lil * that van a netel in Adelcide, ‘they're doing Buyvones in three months including a day txip to old dad's grave in Bvadford, then back to MEE Creek in gocd ald Australia Kangaroo JOHN is impressed by his wifets feat.
0) 29) text: AlL good. Tut it still doesn't answer tho question, LAURA leoks up shaxyply at hin,
0) 40) text: wending their way hatween the les, LAURA i Wateh closely, If they automatically make for the ments room and then remamber ' they're in disguise 7 we'll : know. THEIR P.O.V, The SISTSRS move suddenity towards their tad approaching slowly with measured tread. They coma nearer to the camera never biinking, never altering pace, They b pause as they pass JOMUN and LAURA'ts table. LAURA shifts her chair to permit thom passage. One o% tie SISTERS, the t hut the other starss down with huge, hypnotic blue ayes t
0) 41) text: @ll one, gives a gracious little smile of th never ovlink, Then they wove on. LAURA leans forward, suppre¢sing 1 grin. )
0) 42) dialog: It can't be real.
0) 44) dialog: The hair, It must be wigs.
0) 50) dialog: Aha! LAURA stands up.
0) 52) dialog: I'm going to investigate further ny dear Vatgon. She turns to him conspiretorially.
1) 0) text: ay. DAY. Whiteness of the clinical room, Through the window LAURA, dark and hunched, waiting in the car, She stares ahead, transfixed and empty, her face pale and drained, JOHN tur away Prom the window to the DOCTOR who is sitting at his desk, his head bowed over somo papers, Wath his head still bowed the DOCTOR takes off his glasse puts them in his top pocket, rubs his eyes and loeks up. eyos ara pale tlue and rhownye
1) 27) text: LAMA washes her hands, watehing the TWO Vo at the far basin, ‘The talisr of the two is very carefully putting lipstick on the short one's lips, It is like a child vein tended by its mother, As tho opsration ends the tall SIST sees LAUNA, stunbles manentariLy and murmurs something to her SISTUR, The SISTER's great blue ¢yes swivel tovards LAURA ~ who looks away quickly. LAURA hastily dries her
1) 40) dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to StATQ ses The SISTER'S accent is heavily Scottish with the lugubrious heaviness of the East Coast.
1) 42) text: HEATHER, stretches a gnaried hana out and touches LAURA'S sloeve,
1) 43) dialog: No, I,..of course net, Hella. HEATHER makes no response, But her hand moves slowly up LAURA8s arm. Like a spider on the move. ‘Thgre is an uncanny stillness about her. LAURA has to force hersel? not to react by retreating, When HiaTHeR speaks, yquita suddenly, her voice is low end controlled.
1) 45) dialog: I'm sorry?
1) 50) dialog: What? HEATHS. Iosaw your little girl. Sitting between you and your husband, She
1) 51) text: was laughing. Yes! She is wi youe..With you, my daar anc laughing! . HEATHER suddenly secus to stare at a point om the wall ab three foet from LAURA, There is nothing thers but cracks om the tiled wall, Fut there is a SOUND which grows: The sound of a wind and aho the sound of the wind, is the SOUND of a CHILD laughingws happy, contented, inner-directed laughter, It rises and swells and echoes emptily avay again and in a moment it i gone, LAURA has heard nothing. WENDY has heard nothing. But HEATHER is beaming at the phantom emptiness. The CRONE has heard nothing.
1) 60) text: LAURA neds and whispers "yes". Hy sighs.
1) 63) dialog: 
1) 66) text: LAURA dabs at her eyes, trying to regain control, trying to understand what's happened,
1) 67) dialog: Who are you? ‘iho are you? cUuT TO:
1) 71) text: JOHN watches cs the WAITER arrivos with an ice-bucket and half-magnunm of Asti Spuwante. JOHN gestures tho ice=buck to be put directly in front of LAURA's place, Then he tak the small vase of roses and puts thom in the ice~bucket.
2) 9) dialog: 
2) 14) dialog: You veally saw her? HEATHER stares beck in a long peuse befere replying, arory rs) She WAS Ae or wat tewe . the aab value of kev meaning te ablang delibevstet Hei Tr EXT. TORCSLLO RST: aR, DAY. 7
2) 21) text: restaurant to LAURA whe has just come out of the washroom door, She pauses by the door, gathering strength perhaps. Dut her face ig a mask, Thon she sets out across the reon She sits at the %
2) 24) dialog: What?
2) 37) text: hor as si6 does so. The SOUND stops ubruptiy. LAURA is sprawled unconscious on the flioor of the restaurant, LO. DAY.
2) 45) text: EXP. 3 CS Boar. paY. LAURA's face is ashen grey. JON sits on ons sido of har, touching her face with his hand. On the other side of her sits the ambulance ONDESLY in a white coat, He has one hand on LAURA'S pulses, tho other holde his watch. His head is bant down in conecsntration, JOHN watchas, intently,
4) 8) text: By the time they reach it, tho ward is in silence, Tne CiILD in the next had stares at. JOHN with inuge unblinking eyes. The NURSES gives a smile of enccuragenent and pulls one o the screans to ono side so that JOHN can enter. LAURA is lying on her back, but is awake. Shoe sites when JOHN cemes ine
4) 9) dialog: there's nothing but children out there.
4) 19) dialog: Wonderful, Just fine, I fecl just wonderful, JORX patently disbelieves her,
4) 21) dialog: Tonneres She takes his hand, holding his attention,
4) 22) dialog: Christine....is still with us. C.U, JOHN holds himsoif in check. Ha was prepared for her mind ta he confused,
4) 26) dialog: The lind one - she's the one who saw ~ evan described Christing'!s little blue dress,
4) 47) text: that something to be glad for? JOUN looks aft hor, FLASH SHOT? LAURA holding thea dead child by the 2
4) 53) text: eo eT mf A vaporettu. JCHM and LAURA sit in the open part of the vaporetto,
4) 55) dialog: EE reese SPER ears ERT eT AON A EE I fainted. People de it all the time. : Jou Fu. ,
4) 56) dialog: I'm fine. To prove it, She gots up and doubles round the tiny deci,
4) 60) dialog: I will. JOHN turns to see whore they ara.
4) 70) dialog: John ~ can we go into St. Mark's?
4) 72) dialog: I want to say a praver, you hoathen bastard, He It is obviously au 018 avrguinent.
4) 75) dialog: This 1s not a consecrated motor boat. She sits back in triumph, ome ACG | ee x 20A INT. ST. MARK'S C: ORAL. DAY.
4) 77) text: at one of the coloured mosaic stones, In an in eshte jase inp inns ian A ng a a Ll et ns eee Elm A ms a iINS@a7. ZOR ood EXT. BACK STREET, VENICE. DAY. ° JOHN and LAURA turn a corner to find the little street eff, Three uniformed POLICE stand on duty outside a dingy house half way down the street. <A smail cluster of ONLOO stand by the rope where another POLICEMAX is on duty. Two boats ride at the mooring where a narrow canal abuts the at the far end. Forensic experts are dusting doors and wi with fingerprint powder.
4) 81) dialog: What did he say?
4) 84) text: LAURA {gesturing a kiliing? Homicidi? The OLD MAN nods and looks back at the scene of the erime Two CHILDREN are copying LAURAts extravagant miming of mu they laugh together, _{ soun takes her arm and they retreat back the way thoy
4) 87) text: LAURA makes a face and they walk on reund the corner. ios 4k Cort ev th. 20
4) 97) text: t LAURA is standing in th rcles His peneid and moves on,
4) 102) dialog: I thought you were restoring San Gregoria, This is St, Marco, in case you hadn't noticed,
4) 104) text: the main body of the church by ex ite gritiework in iron, There are nat many tourists in this side chapel, only one or two Italian WOMON at prayer, One is lighting @ votive candie to the Virgin. LAURA reads tho sign pinned to the entrance of the side chapel: “THIS CHAPES IS RESERVED FOR THOS WHO WANT TO PRAY." Tt Ls in two other languages besides. LAURA. Avful, isn't 4t. When they have to put up a reserved for prayer sign like that, ‘What do they think the rest of a church is fort? JOHN bars the entrance to her,
4) 111) dialog: Several, Sho goes post him, turning to speak as sie epi'
4) 113) dialog: Give me some change, JOR . EX thought God vas meant to ba free,
4) 114) dialog: Cheap, maybe ~ but fres he's net, It's for a candle, JOHN sighs, digging into his pocket and prodiucing a handful of small bills and change. LAURA tales the coins, LAURA ‘ I'm going to light a candle for har, No = I'm going to light seven, She starts towards the votive candles, JOHN leans against the grijllevork, watching ber, LAURA is absorben in lighting her candles. She lights
4) 125) text: on LAURA in front of him. As the GUIOS starts tu move awa
4) 129) text: offscreen JOUN turns to look, We rocails in shock, } HEATHDR's face is inehes from his, staring with sightiess eyes through the grillework, her hands moving over tha - tracery like a spider patrolling ite wob, JOHN draws back, looking about for WANnY. He sees her, looking for her sister, about twonty-five ' yarde away cown the nave. ‘ } JOHN drops down into a hassock and buries his head in i prayer, . \ Behind him can be heard Y's footsteps, a mutbered ’ conversation in rolling Seots accents and then silence, ) SOHN keeps his eyes tight shue. An ostrich. A hand touches him. Tt is LAURA, smiling, t
4) 130) text: liypocx He stares up into her face, Looks back over his shoulder, The SIST2RS have gona, JOUN Looks back up at LAURA and blinks,
4) 136) text: followed by LAURA as the vavoretto vulls out
4) 144) dialog: Darling - he needs you nore than you need him, He'll wait.
4) 150) dialog: The winner,
4) 161) text: As JOHN and LAURA steps towards th, i ‘ i scuttling acr i
4) 170) text: Wh so @hat her skce is ipfel with, LAURA nits the® money PAR: ticle eyes, Y a sraight ° hers? LAURA, o a“ Xe “4 a lit ‘tse girl 4 COUN Leoxs Bary My havi 25 “ nough#*4t a
4) 172) text: Boy. Phan LAURA
5) 0) text: As JOEN and LAURA leap off tne vaporetto and start up the towards the church, three little URCHINS come senttling a them, One selis cheap dark glasses, bne sells pennants an sells nothing at all, But he smiles a lot, LAURA (to JOHN) Bluff it out, Apologize for bei
5) 1) text: a few minutes eurly. A YORRMAN 1s locking the main door of tue church as they it. The WORMMAN puts the key inta his tunic and starts aw turning to watch dumbly as LAURA and JOUN try the door te it is locked, ,
5) 4) dialog: No, John, w batches la
5) 6) dialog: I dontt want him to know,
5) 8) dialog: I just don't. A voice calls ovt and they look to the square at the side the church, Striding across is a tall, thin priost. We is Count ALBERTO RUSSC - or, indeed, Father Alberto Russo - as abeut forty, bleak dark eyes and the patrician sneer o class has not been dulled by his vocation. LAURA holds out her hand and ALSENTO bows over it perfunc as they meet in the middle of the squars. o™.
5) 19) dialog: Alberto, I'm so sorry. It was ail my fault. The other thing ALBERTO aqidn't get with his vocation was virtue of patience. He is iragcible and makes no attempt conceal it.
5) 31) dialog: : I thought he was a friend,
5) 35) text: i 3 the landing stage. LAURA (smiles) That was a goodie. But don't they all get up at five and say mass or semething?
5) 37) dialog: Wonder why he became a priest,
5) 39) text: down from father to son. LAURA laughs and they step forward as the vaporette pulis
5) 46) text: The ake, doo” cl m them, LAURA roaffirms herself to JOHN with a warm kiss, wae: 24, INT. THpRCoN. DAY. Fovagd wf YOM tng watey fon Bar beeves on » LAURA is
5) 50) dialog: Leave it, darling. T'11 do it
5) 61) dialog: Tails, . He looks at the coin, It is heads,
5) 63) dialog: Tnat was a lovely day.
5) 65) dialog: I fgust vant you ta Jnowe (Pause) Still got your paint brush? " Shio goes away fron him and gees into the bathroom. Ue watches her smiling. In an instant, there is the sound of a shower curtain Pei drawn, The sound of her humming comes to him, as he picks up a towet trom the bed and follows her, INT. BATHROOM, DAY. avd LA Lavoe ave mw the bath tog esthew + JOHN Seesiveraitoceesienenass 5 ake aeesia.| Their volces do not bloni that well, but they are having a lovely timo on some old time melody. There is a knocis on the bedroom door, They stop singing.
5) 66) dialog: Whe the heli'’s that?
5) 68) dialog: Ylsow, Tt's the Gorcamaed martinis. yerueiocormeitcs you go,
5) 76) text: Ume es One ee ie goes to his trousers and hunts for change. He finds some as LAURA'S VOICE comes from the bathroom.
5) 77) dialog: What's going en? ‘ JOHN : . It's all right, it's justecs.. Me hands tho MATD a couple of coins as LAURA emevges. Sin
5) 86) dialog: But not off duty. It's been a long time.
5) 88) dialog: Why, Ute down, Youtre all wet.
5) 91) dialog: Welcome home.
5) 96) dialog: : You're joking.
5) 107) dialog: Youssce She takes the pillow and beats him hare, Ho rolls out of bed, hitting the floor,
5) 122) dialog: atagsnubore
5) 127) dialog: Don't shout at me.
5) 140) dialog: It could have been avy of those bridess. Venice is
5) 147) text: It is dark, shadowy, rather unpleasant. LAURA is waiking woll ohead of JOHN now and trying to take the initiat:
5) 148) text: Their footsteps echo. LAURA muttess as she walks, head down.
5) 149) dialog: We're gedamuy well lost. T know Lt, JOHN (from farther tehind) . Vhat?
5) 150) dialog: You ara lost.
5) 161) text: alleyway can go either way = one way bridge, the other way down an even xarrower darker alley. LAURA stops at the junction and waits for JOUN to catch up, ‘He looks cither way, poering fer a sirzet sign or
5) 163) dialog: Why don't te knock on somebody's door and ask? JOUN (Ignoring ker)
5) 165) dialog: It's too small for St. Mark's. JOHN . Comes ups As he steps forward down the little alley bis foot comes into seggy contact with a cardboard carton of garbage. It is wet and nasty.
5) 170) text: alley, their horrible eyes glinting, One swervos momontarily towards thom, Then all four diva into the canal, <A suceossion of littlo ple ag they striko the water, LAURA soreams, Ward. JON grasa hes, hela a little rattled ton.
5) 181) dialog: That's all I needed. Rats, She shivers at the spectacle of four rats swit
5) 183) dialog: Lead on, Marco Polo, They move on down the alleyway together, , cur tC:
5) 191) text: LAURA. {calling It's called tie Ponte © across )
5) 222) text: purposefully and turns to cross the bridge where LAURA is waiting, having come back up the ailey. LAURA watches hin intently as hoe joi
5) 223) dialog: Was that sereaming?
5) 231) dialog: Io heard a scraam,
5) 233) dialog: I think I'va found tho real world again. Looke They join hands and stride ava; from the bridge towards the piazza, . Down a right hand turning, the bright iishts of a square shine towards them beckoningly, They both with a single step head for it.
5) 238) dialog: By the scenic route. She gives an elavorate sight, Ue grins. The lights, tne people are washing out the memories already.
5) 241) dialog: Vow, that's better,
5) 251) dialog: I can have garlic now, She grins. ,
5) 253) dialog: Well, you were never mach more than a oncte~a-dey man,
5) 255) text: Pieasa. He looks around, but no one has heard, LAURA Leans across to hia,
5) 256) dialog: Kiss me and I'll keep Lit secrot, JOHN laughs. JOHN . Kiss me and I'iz disprove you in public.
5) 257) dialog: That could be fun,
6) 1) text: f, JOUN , What's this place callod anyvay? LAURA looks at the menu and siiarts to laugh, She giggles and laughs, baroly able to contain herself. JONN picka ‘ up .the menu and ioal:s, ,
6) 2) dialog: The Sagredo!
6) 3) text: JOBNN tosses his menu down with a ‘well I'll be damned! s 5 . The WAITER arrives with their drinks. JOHN heids his i up and looks at her through the bubbles of soda, : Sony 4 Here's to use } He drinks without waiting for LAURA to join him. His ey i stray to the doorway of the restaurant. HIS P.0.¥. The two SISTERS have just entered, They fuss with removing their jackets and being shown sedately
6) 4) text: hbotwees the t s to a cerner snot some five tasles avay from JOHN and LAURA'S. JOHN's face tightens.
6) 6) dialog: She must be very beautiful,
6) 25) dialog: This place is exnensive.
6) 27) text: the grounds on which we rejected At two hours ago, _ LAURA . I could eat a horse. She looks up at him and siuiles.
6) 28) dialog: Sex always makes me hungry. Do you remember when We Werdseess She sees ‘that JONN'ts oyes are still uron the corner tab LaGRa Joneses
6) 29) text: He dooks back at her apolaseticaully. LAURA Cecides wi a gemo. ,
6) 30) dialog: I'm going to give her the jealous wife stare, Wetels this. LAURA draws herself up and turns to sive a frozen jook across the restaurant. LAUMAts faco changes from # moment of freazen lLauteur to amasenent, to delight and nerplexity. HER P.0O.V, Tho SESTENS
6) 33) dialog: It's them! There wosy
6) 36) text: now LAURAtS hohe composure alters.
6) 39) dialog: 4 On Ifva got to go and nave a word with them, She turns round and waves towards them,
6) 41) text: j ‘ The sighted sistor, WENDY, sees her and waves back, t i turns ta HSATHUDR and whispers sametihwing. The great s i . biue eyes coma up and } Ro waves wacantly vovards her i LAURA halfwstands in her seat. i LAURA : Towontt be long, derling.
6) 44) text: j Listen, Laura, they're going { to drag you into something. i Those old people have 2 way of pulling you into their neteesee
6) 64) dialog: No, that's all right. WENDY subsidea,
6) 69) dialog: Tits strange, you know. John . seemed to got o,....warning, BS Dt war as yp k knew something was som. Re ras down to the lake, fut it was too latows.eas RBATHER 1s smiling.
6) 84) dialog: And not mo? BEATIVIR shakes her head.
6) 85) text: He has the gift. Even Af he doesn't know it. Sven if he is ~“. ‘ resisting it. , HEATHER senses LAURA's disappointment - almost jealousy, of JOHN, ie@ can see the daughter the:r have Jost, she cannot,
6) 87) dialog: You don't...you can tt ewerees contact. psople can yeu? HSASoOR (sharply) Now
6) 94) text: LAURA reaches over and half hugs WSN
6) 98) dialog: It wouldn't be for my entartainmont. WENDY fusses, WRATHER thinks,
6) 100) dialog: Ch thank you,
6) 105) dialog: Good, Did it help?
6) 139) dialog: But I hfiven't,
6) 141) text: with your e ng time deave sow The scampi Well What do you expect me to do? Sit hpre srinning whike I wateh to Old pathetic cranks pull you into neurotic half-macd world of j- jumbo, LAURA smiles faintdy.
6) 143) dialog: sort scems to have Giw
6) 160) dialog: Oh Johnecee
6) 163) text: The VAITER puts down the drink and LAURA sips at it t
6) 165) dialog: I fainted from shock, ALL right, But after that - was this afternoon orem madme ss ? Ho seys nething.
6) 167) dialog: I imow IT was crac
6) 178) text: LAURA (contd. } any more. My daughter is gone, The child I loved more than myself is dead, You see? T fan say that and comprehend it... and stili not be upset by ite
6) 181) dialog: John~-darling~those old cronss as you call them have done nothing, But X am whole again, They deserve your thanks, if you care aucut me at all. There is a long silence JOHN pushes the menu across to here , :
6) 187) text: ug them gomehew unreal, JOHN turns up his coat coller and gazes about, waiting fo LAURA to como out of tha restaurant.
6) 201) text: LAURA looks awkward and enharrass a little girt whe
6) 202) text: has to own up to breaking ¢he ch: Laura The sisters. They wanted to mect _ you. I said we'd ge for coffee... we don't have to star longs. TORS starcs at her in amazoment,
6) 204) dialog: I'd like to, As she speaks, she steps out of the docrvay into the rain
6) 224) dialog: Tt's not far, John. Ye neodn't stay long. He is walking beside her now,
6) 233) text: LAURA ds peering at a piece of paper in her hand, Then ghe looks up at a street siga and. turns the cornar,
6) 234) dialog: John «= darling ~ please. I'm going to sec them because they said they wight bry and reaches
6) 244) text: ed UXT. TLAZZA SAN ZAG i JOIM now leaps forvard and grabs hex spinning her round j Syen the uribrotla URCNTIN looks fearful at the sudden : in nis faca. } Jonny ; ‘ For Civist's sake! Half a dozen } words with them sends you to : hospital. Can youim t : two hours will dot i : Now LAURA is angry too. Sho breats away from hin and : to run, The URCHZN >uns with her, the umbrelia vaving uneasily, JCHN stands watching until finally LAURA Los : up at a penzion hotel aud runs inte the shelter cf its : doorway.' She stands there looking beck miseravly. JOJI to walks slowly towards her. pS 33. AY OF PEScTON, Ce Phe URCMEN holds out
6) 256) text: LAURA (conte, ) for that. Fut at least she's trying to get in touch with you, Mayhe to forgive. JOIN s fury suddenly turns cold,
6) 260) text: With a stifled sob, LAURA turas and runs inte the pension
6) 265) text: 35¢ IT, GHD. LAURA is sobbing, trying to control lherseli, bus still sobbing while HUZANER comforts her with a motherly arn. WENDY pours a tot of whisky from an old fashioned travell flask, She puts it in front of LAURA'ts nose and LAURA gradually controls herself,
6) 268) text: ‘ - LAURA
6) 271) text: LAURA nods. Tut NAATHIR cant t
6) 275) dialog: ‘ Yos, ' EeATUSR Yes, LAURA sips again,
6) 280) text: LAURA luoks slowly reund at i There are tears streaming from the sightisss blue syes.
6) 281) dialog: ee eh dS eed est Sermmncnactinaeet die ot
6) 286) text: ry INDY replenishes LAURA's glass. HEATHUR holds ont her own anpty glass on hearing the sound of pouring. y¥ (to LAURA) This is the induewrent te her
7) 37) text: the atmosphere is electric. VMAATHIIR is in a kind of trance, Her knuckles are white, gripping the chair, her breath comes im short aoaans, Hew whole body tremtles violentiy. LAURA sits ea the floor in a half-lmecling position. Hor syes close for seconds’ at a tine as 1f praying. Wut when open she watches tho old woman like a hawl:. Wi her sister, MDY sits, alert and watchful in a straight chair near
7) 40) text: LAURA seams to stop-hbreathing, ‘ TULATHSR Olah, . OHH. eveSeae Yes. esVOSere! It as lite a climax. With a deop convulsive shuidering the moaning stops and HiALIER gradually returns to hex composure, There is a long, long silence,
7) 43) dialog: I'm here, HEATHER crosces until her fumbling hands toush LAUMuits outstretched fingers, HEATION takes LAURA's aris in a
7) 49) text: HEATHER suddenly, convulsive LAURA to her basom,
7) 50) text: ’ LAURA is overwholned by the suddon and frightening streng ef this strange woman, ‘
7) 51) dialog: KH, | EXT. puss: SOHN Loaks out through the misted ¢
7) 55) text: 45s of the bar window, He sees LAURA emerging from the hotel, Hs runs out.
7) 57) text: LAURA stops as she sees JO: coming across the streat, JOUN stapa a few yards from her, Tien LAURA runs to hiin, falling into his arms.
7) 66) text: renoves an article of LAURA's clothing. ‘Then sho removes an arti
7) 69) dialog: ZIowas all right.
7) 71) dialog: 
7) 79) dialog: Narling, the blind one - Neather - the ons who's psychice.. she went into a trance? whilos was there, Try to concewtrate, °
7) 82) dialog: She said your lite was in - danger. Here in Yenice. John's life, John's ne Baa vod
7) 83) text: orl JCHN'ts alcohol-scaked brain. LAURA moyas avay slistitly before ho can reneve her final garments,
7) 84) dialog: Wotve gat to get aus of Venice. Darling, pleases... Please liston to her, Tt's a warnings. JONN groans und throws himself on the »ed. ‘Dne moad is
7) 85) text: shattored, Wut LAURA is insisteut, caressing him, kissing hin, trying to force him to unterstand the danger.
7) 87) text: sonmerrow LAURA closes her eyes in relief
7) 94) text: LAURA remains on the end of the bed, staring into the
7) 97) text: rines. It sounds distant, vat its very insistence by tho bedside and lifts the bedecover off a chsinr, _ Th phone is underseath and it is ringing thinly. Lo LAURA vakes with a start.
7) 98) dialog: John? JOHN has the phone, JOuN Mallot.,.Hallo? LAURA Looks at her watch.. Rite
7) 99) dialog: What is it, John? ‘ho is iv.
7) 101) text: LAURA is wi
7) 147) text: : LAURA grabs the phone from JOHN,
9) 1) text: LAURA is haif~dressed, wildly packing a suitcase as JOM completes the phone call,
9) 7) dialog: Darling he said he's sure everything will be all right. Jehnaie can't stay lost for Long. LAURA is out of control,
9) 11) dialog: He said! Xt may tura out all Tight for hig! clve last one ain child in the last @me months.
9) 19) text: LAURA has regained some control, She shekes hex head the proffered pills.
9) 23) dialog: No John! Sho amashes the glasa out ef his hand. The shattoring of the glass seams to have ti} giving LAURA back her poise. Sha stares at The crystals of glass glint in the carpet's thick pie. Like a hypnotic object, LAURA touches the glass with her bare fcot, taunting it. Then she looks at JOHN quite caimly.
9) 24) dialog: I'm sorry. JOuUN Okay. here. Ne gives her the pills.
9) 31) dialog: i 7.
9) 44) text: LAURA crossas the lobhy carry
9) 49) text: piles, their voices shrill, Shear travelling clothes like nothing loss than party clothes, JOHN takes LAURA's hand,
9) 53) dialog: Youtll drive to Milan
9) 67) text: 2 contd, LAURA turns, looks at him dntently.
9) 68) dialog: You could always stay hero, Wait until £ Lets you kmnowesee what happens,
9) 70) text: i've paad the chack, 69. LAURA nods. ‘Tho reason for leaving isn't that prosaic, but thore's nothing te be added. They wateh the milling CONVENTIONZERS together. They look forlorn, isolated and grey. The CAMSRA
9) 97) dialog: Goodbye, darling. Phone ne
9) 269) text: it gently. If isa photograph of LAURA, crumpled and
9) 301) text: exercisos and snaps his briefcase shut befere standing up But he freezes in mid-movenent, Among the busy canal traffic is a private hiro launch neading towards him and coming from tha opposite directio in the bows of the launch stand three people, LAURA, looking distraught, her hair blowing in the vreege, And tha two old SISTERS on either side of her, Thay seem to b
9) 303) text: yo to her, ps eediy Teme JOHN scranclea across the benches of the vapoxretto as th two boats pass. , Aad thers is no doubt. Earely ten yerds from himy; LAURA and the two SISTURS, star ing emptily ahead, In a moment, JOHN is fighting his way back through the te
10) 147) text: (| the CHILD 1s running. LEPHOLO Love mekes the turns the cornar and vanishes. JOHW is half way across the bridge, le stops, skakes his hhead and staras down into the canal waters, FLASH SHOT: At tha lekeside., JOUN carries the fx broken body of his daughter Vack up the path. LAURA is
11) 232) dialog: Darling ~ isntt it wonderful?
11) 239) dialog: You didutt go out and get smashed did you? IND. Udy DAE.
11) 248) dialog: Oh John - you've got them on the brain, Now listen, Johnnie's fine, Itm fine, Itll book back~ on the nine o'clock plans, I'11 -bo with you for a late dinner. (a pause)
11) 254) dialog: Yarling - wo'll start again. Va'll drive down to Pisa and Flornnce and Romo avd welll stay at theseeees 2 HALY. DAY.
11) 264) text: LAURA (0,8. conta) all right? Stay at the hotel... JCHi At Albertots, I'in staying with Alberto,
11) 265) dialog: RSS «=—Darsing, stay at Aluerto's and Itll be in vy oleven, Okay? John? Ts that omy. JOHN nods dumbly at the phone,
12) 42) text: LAURA is one of them, She seoy AL MO and suides- still 4
12) 65) text: 5 Itm so grateful to you for coliecting ne, ' ALBERTO says nothing welt oy a mon atl Lh ky Whe Sree | ALBERTD have es en | J I had to see someone off, i LAURA Oh,
12) 67) dialog: : ‘ What?
12) 120) text: the night desk, LAURA stares at the cold green w
12) 143) text: imuves ATO. ers hone. NATE e You've been in hex tone, @ on my own ow, him) lot to talk understand? LAURA puts a dolicate hallway. ALI IPG tie pleco of hled floor.
12) 148) dialog: Do you have their eddress?
12) 150) dialog: May I have it? He handy her the bit of paper. She glances at it. Sapegeeee IT can manage. ALBERTO looks ever so slightly ashamed for the fipsat tim
12) 152) dialog: No. There are still placgys open and we have a lot to talk about. “She smiles. And I promise we'll leave tomorrow, We're going on holiday. Then she turns and rums down the steps of the vast hallwa ALBiRTO stares out after her.
12) 208) text: But there is no ranly., UExeent the SCUND of feotstens approaching: short sharp footstenrs that seem to be runni WINDY is suddenly afraid, She slinks back to the hotel doorway - and peers out once nore, As LAURA comes running into the square, LAURA is happy ~ elated - axpectant,. And as she sees WENDY hovering in the doorwar, seeing her, running tovard her, LAURA's faco breaks into a smile of sheer happincss. But WEXDY's violent tug at her slceva and the tremulous
12) 209) text: face give LAURA a second's hes
12) 210) text: Come quickly. LAURA senses real fear, re uh e ® Hq oO
13) 11) dialog: Vhere is he? LAURA swvoice acts instantaneously upon HUATHSR whe stors
13) 19) text: Warn hin,,.you must find hin. You mustecs.! LAURA has drawn tlaed on tha hand that mouth, She gasps with fright os she ta
13) 36) text: out Por silence, footsteps to anvestigate the noises, LAURA turns aud flecs
13) 40) text: LAURA runs blindly away. Away from tho echoing, resonatin warnings,
13) 41) dialog: Jonnsser Is the only w cr
14) 1) text: at the furious PCLICs activity everywhere. hen At is a prayer. ‘ LAURA ~, John... darling...
14) 2) text: be DAY. An identical SliCfT CF LAURA 21 the TWO SISTURS. HOLD for a moment,
14) 5) dialog: 