1) 46) dialog: She seo8 Chingseeer LAURA instiotively looks at the staring, blue, blind eyes WerDy When God. tool her sight src.
1) 48) text: WENDY (contd. } he gave her a veal socond sight.
1) 51) text: was laughing. Yes! She is wi youe..With you, my daar anc laughing! . HEATHER suddenly secus to stare at a point om the wall ab three foet from LAURA, There is nothing thers but cracks om the tiled wall, Fut there is a SOUND which grows: The sound of a wind and aho the sound of the wind, is the SOUND of a CHILD laughingws happy, contented, inner-directed laughter, It rises and swells and echoes emptily avay again and in a moment it i gone, LAURA has heard nothing. WENDY has heard nothing. But HEATHER is beaming at the phantom emptiness. The CRONE has heard nothing.
1) 57) text: without any crying reaction. irs just stream, WENDY draws her SISTER Wack a pies.
1) 58) dialog: Be stiil Heather. Let her sit , down a while. WENDY fusses in her handbag and produces a handkerchief which she offers LAURA,
2) 4) dialog: Is that better? She removes the smelling salts, LAURA nods slowly, H@AsleR walks across to the CRON and now produces a cain which she holds up.
6) 41) text: j ‘ The sighted sistor, WENDY, sees her and waves back, t i turns ta HSATHUDR and whispers sametihwing. The great s i . biue eyes coma up and } Ro waves wacantly vovards her i LAURA halfwstands in her seat. i LAURA : Towontt be long, derling.
6) 99) dialog: Why not come back for coffoat After you've finished. Just for @ Little wile,
6) 265) text: 35¢ IT, GHD. LAURA is sobbing, trying to control lherseli, bus still sobbing while HUZANER comforts her with a motherly arn. WENDY pours a tot of whisky from an old fashioned travell flask, She puts it in front of LAURA'ts nose and LAURA gradually controls herself,
6) 266) dialog: Now you just drink that straight back. Scotland's finest, alt whisky, No cheap aleohols aided, gust the pure grain of malt distiiled into highdand whisky.
6) 282) text: WENDY tut-tuts in the background, WeDY
12) 0) text: C.U, WENDY, the sighted sister, is furious,
12) 1) dialog: Mr, Baxter-this has been an
12) 84) dialog: 
12) 159) text: \ WENDY is busily searching through the suitcase and driv : . for something, JOHN stands uneasily vy the door. HSATHSER sits in a chair.
12) 166) text: Cc? Let His Wife arrives at any moment he toid you. WENDY bustles up with a handful of winjature whisky ' : . bottles which she prasses upon JGHI, Lo; WuinDY : Now then, that's just a little i token from two old ladies who've : no doubt ruined your holiday.ese. i JCM : Thank you, that's very kind...a. Re dreps one, serasbies to pick itv up.
12) 167) dialog: I'll get youa tag. ‘T've one somewhere here. i HBATHS gives a sudden groan, WE tDY spins reund and see wouat is happening.
12) 180) text: HOOUMvac secer . WENDY pencticaily igmneres him tecause she has moved rown behind her sister and as holding her strangely around the
12) 207) text: The little square is empty as comes agitatedly out of the fxeont door and looks to left and right. She runs forward, her steps echoing on the cobblestones, WENDY ‘ (eniling) Mr, Baxter..-.ir. Bextert
12) 208) text: But there is no ranly., UExeent the SCUND of feotstens approaching: short sharp footstenrs that seem to be runni WINDY is suddenly afraid, She slinks back to the hotel doorway - and peers out once nore, As LAURA comes running into the square, LAURA is happy ~ elated - axpectant,. And as she sees WENDY hovering in the doorwar, seeing her, running tovard her, LAURA's faco breaks into a smile of sheer happincss. But WEXDY's violent tug at her slceva and the tremulous
13) 16) dialog: it's Mrs, Kaxter,.,.© couldnts find himeserse She explains to LATTA,