0) 46) dialog: I waited by the plaza but he never came.
0) 48) dialog: Well it wasn't a real date. He said he might be there.
0) 50) dialog: Don't laugh.
0) 52) dialog: It doesn't matter. He wasn’t really my type... Anyway... You see that guy over there? They both turn and look at a GUY in a green jumpsuit sitt two tables away. He makes eye contact with Blanca and SMI
0) 53) dialog: He smiles at me like all the time. The two of them GIGGLE uncontrollably. INT. BATHROOM — LATER Maria stands at the basin of the plantation bathroom. She splashes water on her face and rinses her mouth. INT. FLOWER PLANTATION — LATER In a vast greenhouse, rows and rows of tall pink-rose pla extend into the distance. A space-man wearing a thick rub suit, a rubber face mask and a rubber head-covering walks through spraying a fine mist of chemical fumigants onto t flowers. Elsewhere in the same greenhouse women clip rose This is a high-volume flower plantation. MARIA works in t warehouse — an immense hangar with a high roof and about eighty workers all in blue jumpsuits. There are flowers everywhere - bundles of reds, yellows, oranges, and viole The whole place is a hive of activity: some workers guide large carts on a rail-system into the warehouse; some mea and classify the roses into bundles; some place the bundl in large boxes for shipment abroad. It is a tightly regimented operation. Maria wears thick rubber gloves and stands in front of a splintering plywood board. Next to her is a huge bunch of 100 red roses. One by one, she takes the roses, examines quality of the buds, measures the length, and then with a quick, violent jerk she pulls them over an open blade to strip off the thorns. It's a tedious, repetitive action. She is one in a line of twenty people doing the same work She catches a thorn in her thumb and stops to examine it through the hole in the tip of her glove. Her skin is dot with thorn scars. She’s sweating profusely and she wipes forehead with her sleeve. A SUPERVISOR walks from station to station tallying each worker's output on a clipboard. In another aisle, about twenty feet away, Blanca has the of bundling roses. She sets down corrugated paper and the one by one carefully arranges and wraps the flowers, stap the bundle shut and labels it - then starts all over agai Maria stares at the supervisor, who is now several statio up. She has paused in her work again and is watching everything else in the room with a removed, critical star She continues to perspire and looks physically ill. She raises her hand, trying to get her supervisor’s attention (CONTINUED)
0) 108) dialog: (laughing) You should have seen the look on the supervisor’s face... He was completely covered in it...
0) 115) dialog: (giggling and turning away) Oh my god.
0) 117) dialog: No way! Hearing that, Maria grabs Blanca’s wrist and leads her ri over to the Smiling Guy and his Friend.
0) 121) dialog: (beet red) Oh my god.
0) 127) dialog: 
2) 98) dialog: So how’s that thing?
2) 100) dialog: Your job? What do you have to do?
2) 102) dialog: Maria... Maria, look at me! Maria finally looks over. Blanca puts a GRAPE in her mout Maria stares at her in shock as she tries to swallow it. gags and spits it out.
2) 104) dialog: I’m going to be a mule. I talked to Franklin and he arranged it.
2) 108) dialog: You heard me. Why not?
2) 110) dialog: Well, I’m doing it. I already told them.
2) 112) dialog: It’s five thousand dollars, Maria. Do you know how much that is in pesos? I figured it out. It’s like ten million. I can buy my family a house with that.
2) 114) dialog: You know what? I don’t need your permission. I can do what I want.
2) 116) dialog: No... Anyway, I can’t now. I already said yes. Blanca looks trapped. Maria turns away, annoyed.
2) 118) dialog: Do you?
2) 230) dialog: I saw you talking to that woman before. Who was she?
2) 232) dialog: You see that woman... Maria leans forward and spots a woman (CONSTANZA) sitting row back on the aisle. BLANCA (cont'd) I met her before, through Franklin. (beat) So what were you two talking about? (CONTINUED)
2) 236) dialog: So who’s going to go first?
2) 238) dialog: I don’t want to go first. I’11 wait and see what happens to her.
2) 240) dialog: «+I feel like when I’ve got my period.
2) 243) dialog: (getting up) Sorry. As Carolina settles back into her seat Maria places her pillow under her ear and closes her eyes.
2) 384) dialog: What are they?
3) 0) text: Morning light burns through the curtains. Blanca comes out of the bathroom with a handful of pellet puts them in her ziplock bag (two others on the dresser) counts them through the plastic. Wilson lies on the bed watching TV. Maria lies on her bed also watching. Carlos sits over by the window rolling himself a joint. Lucy squats at her suitcase folding a shirt - moving slow Maria keeps one eye on her, one on the TV. She glances at Wilson. Lucy sits on the chair and takes a deep breath. Without blinking, Wilson clicks the remote a few times an lands on something else: a news report (in Spanish) about crowds of people flocking to see an apparition of the Vir on the side of a tree. As the news report ends, Wilson crosses himself, kisses his crucifix and tucks it under h shirt. Blanca crosses the room, causing Maria to notice that Luc has dozed off sitting up.
4) 0) text: Dim bed-side light. The guys sit drinking beers - Wilson watching TV while Carlos plays with a GAMEBOY. Lucy sits up in bed with her eyes barely open, on the TV. Blanca sits up on the other side of the bed. Maria comes out of the bathroom, makes eye contact with L and then sits on the edge of the bed next to Blanca.
4) 1) dialog: (somber ) ..-How are you doing?
4) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
4) 7) dialog: What do you mean?
4) 9) dialog: But...
4) 12) dialog: Did you finish getting all your pellets out? Maria nods.
4) 13) dialog: Where are we? This doesn’t look like New York. (Maria doesn’t answer) What are we going to do?
4) 31) dialog: What's he saying?
4) 36) dialog: Could you tell us how far it is to that address where we're going?
4) 38) dialog: (looks at Maria, at him) Nothing. Never mind.
4) 39) text: As they enter a tunnel Maria and Blanca look at each othe Out the other side Maria stares up at skyscrapers, at the yellow taxis, at the people rushing by on Manhattan sidewalks.
4) 41) text: Maria and Blanca look out at Roosevelt Avenue from the ta a Colombian restaurant catches her eye amidst the chaos o activity on the street. EXT. TAXI, CARLA’S BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER AT THE BACK OF THE CAR, the driver opens the TRUNK and Ma takes her bag out. The driver removes Blanca’s.
4) 43) dialog: (to Maria) Sixty dollars?! You can use your own money - I’m not paying that. Maria takes out her purse - the driver notices her wad of bills. Maria pays.
4) 44) dialog: Are you sure we’re in the right place?
4) 46) dialog: (to the driver) Can you wait for a minute? Wait? Un momento?
4) 51) dialog: Let’s go back.
4) 53) dialog: Lucy’s sister doesn’t even know you. You don’t even know Lucy.
4) 55) dialog: But what are you gonna say?
4) 57) dialog: I want to go back to the hotel and wait. (holds up the matchbook) I have the address.
4) 59) dialog: Maria, this is stupid. All we have to do is hand them our pellets and get our money.
4) 61) dialog: But they're gonna fucking freak when they see we took off. We have to go back.
4) 66) dialog: No. The two of them stare each other down. Blanca folds her a refusing to go in. Finally, Maria, exasperated, turns and goes inside. Blanca grabs her suitcase and begins to carry it up the street. INT. BUILDING STAIRWELL — CONTINUOUS Maria, alone, carries her suitcase up the staircase. She stops at the window and stares out, then sits on the floor by her suitcase. As she stares at the door to Lucy’ sister's apartment TEARS well up in her eyes. She begins cry - BAWLING and TREMBLING like a baby - alone and aband at the end of the long hallway.
4) 150) dialog: Hi.
4) 152) dialog: I met a woman who gave me a place... Carla turns to see who Maria's speaking to.
4) 154) dialog: (to Maria) Is that Lucy’s sister?
4) 156) dialog: Yes.
4) 162) dialog: It’s just that Maria said she was going to stay with you and I don’t have a place to sleep...
4) 187) dialog: (suddenly) Thank you for your help, don Fernando, but we don’t need jobs. We just need a way to get back to the hotel where we arrived. Blanca opens up her purse, removes a handful of pellets.
4) 189) dialog: (producing the MATCHBOOK) ...-I have the address of it. We just need a ride.
4) 191) dialog: I don’t care what you do. I’m sick of following you around. (CONTINUED)
4) 195) dialog: Bullshit. You were the one that made us leave before we got our money. We have to give the pellets back.
4) 198) dialog: (shutting her purse quickly) Nothing.
4) 202) dialog: But they didn’t pay us. Everything went wrong and they left without paying us and we still have the pellets.
4) 211) dialog: You can’t call the police.
4) 216) dialog: (turns on Maria) What the fuck were you doing in there? I can't believe you said all that shit about Lucy. Now he's going to call the police. (CONTINUED)
4) 220) dialog: What are you doing telling him you want to sew shirts?
4) 222) dialog: Stupidly.
4) 224) dialog: I thought you knew what you were doing. Obviously I was wrong.
4) 226) dialog: I wouldn't want you as my fucking mother. I feel sorry for your baby that it's gonna have such a stupid mother. I mean, swallowing drugs when you're pregnant.
4) 228) dialog: That's pretty fucking stupid. At least I wouldn't do that.
4) 230) dialog: Shit. 84.
6) 0) text: Maria and Blanca lie in bed - Blanca acts like she’s igno Maria. Maria sees that Blanca’s got GOLD EARRINGS that sa “Blanca” in cursive.
6) 2) dialog: Nothing yet... I just decided I’m at least going to enjoy the money they advanced me... I bought a dress for my mother. (like a little girl) I called her...
6) 30) dialog: Maria, let’s go.
7) 0) text: Maria and Blanca sit in a coffee shop by the window. Mari eyes are puffy - she’s still upset. The two of them just look out at the street without speaking.
7) 1) dialog: What do you want to do? Maria looks at Blanca. INT. CALLING STORE — LATER The two of them are squeezed into a phone booth in the calling store. Blanca goes through her purse and pulls ou her card with the emergency number and holds it out for M to dial.
7) 11) dialog: Let her go.
7) 13) dialog: In my purse. He grabs her purse from her. Wilson passes Carlos Maria's pellets.
7) 18) dialog: What about our money?
7) 22) dialog: But we called you.
7) 26) dialog: But we need that money.
8) 10) dialog: You don’t know that for sure, Maria. All I want is to get home and see my family.
9) 0) text: Don Fernando brings Maria and Blanca into the foyer of a simple, non-descript funeral home.