2) 371) dialog: (to Maria) What happened to the other one?
2) 373) dialog: Fuck! Wilson starts the engine and pulls away fast. Maria looks Lucy, clearly ill, and then at Blanca. INT. HOTEL ROOM — CONTINUOUS (NIGHT) The door opens - Wilson enters and flips on the light. Th room is spare - two queen-sized beds and a TV. He sets down Lucy’s suitcase and goes to shut the blinds while the girls enter. Carlos sits in a chair, sets down PLASTIC BAG and begins emptying his pockets. (CONTINUED)
2) 376) dialog: Make yourselves comfortable. You'll be here until you shit everything out. Maria and Lucy sit together on the edge of the bed. Blanc also sits.
2) 378) dialog: What are you talking about, doctor?
2) 380) dialog: It doesn't make any difference to me.
2) 382) dialog: (cutting her off) Shut up! He reaches into the bag and throws down FOIL PACKS OF TABLETS.
2) 383) dialog: Take those. Lucy grabs for one of the foil packets greedily.
2) 385) dialog: A laxative. To speed things up.
2) 387) dialog: Here. He removes a small box from the plastic sack and passes L two RUBBER GLOVES. (CONTINUED)
3) 0) text: Morning light burns through the curtains. Blanca comes out of the bathroom with a handful of pellet puts them in her ziplock bag (two others on the dresser) counts them through the plastic. Wilson lies on the bed watching TV. Maria lies on her bed also watching. Carlos sits over by the window rolling himself a joint. Lucy squats at her suitcase folding a shirt - moving slow Maria keeps one eye on her, one on the TV. She glances at Wilson. Lucy sits on the chair and takes a deep breath. Without blinking, Wilson clicks the remote a few times an lands on something else: a news report (in Spanish) about crowds of people flocking to see an apparition of the Vir on the side of a tree. As the news report ends, Wilson crosses himself, kisses his crucifix and tucks it under h shirt. Blanca crosses the room, causing Maria to notice that Luc has dozed off sitting up.
4) 0) text: Dim bed-side light. The guys sit drinking beers - Wilson watching TV while Carlos plays with a GAMEBOY. Lucy sits up in bed with her eyes barely open, on the TV. Blanca sits up on the other side of the bed. Maria comes out of the bathroom, makes eye contact with L and then sits on the edge of the bed next to Blanca.
7) 4) dialog: (yelling) Where the fuck did you think you were going? Did you think you could just take off? Carlos is yelling right into Maria’s face scary as hell. They're standing next to the van in the far corner of an empty parking lot.
7) 12) dialog: (in English) Shut the fuck up. He shoves her against the van. CARLOS (cont'd) (in Spanish) Where are yours?
7) 16) dialog: It’s cool. They’re all here.
7) 25) dialog: Exactly. We’ve got our stuff so now you’re not worth crap.
7) 41) dialog: (stepping in) We don’t have anything to do with that. She knew the risk she was taking. We don’t have any responsibility.
7) 43) dialog: Shut the fuck up, bitch... Get out of here... Get out!! They stare into each other's faces a beat. The two guys g back into the van and drive off.