4) 41) text: Maria and Blanca look out at Roosevelt Avenue from the ta a Colombian restaurant catches her eye amidst the chaos o activity on the street. EXT. TAXI, CARLA’S BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER AT THE BACK OF THE CAR, the driver opens the TRUNK and Ma takes her bag out. The driver removes Blanca’s.
4) 78) dialog: How can I help you?
4) 80) dialog: (skeptical) Lucy did? Really?
4) 86) dialog: What was your name again?
4) 88) dialog: And how do you know Lucy?
4) 90) dialog: So tell me, how is Lucy doing? It’s been months since we last spoke.
4) 92) dialog: Is she working?
4) 94) dialog: Lucy? A secretary?
4) 99) dialog: (sits) Really? And she didn’t send anything with you? A letter or photos or something?
4) 101) dialog: What?
4) 105) dialog: And you don’t have anyone else here? No other friends or family? No-one?
4) 107) dialog: And you came here all alone?
4) 109) dialog: And do you have a job yet? (CONTINUED)
4) 113) dialog: ..-How did you say you knew Lucy?
4) 115) dialog: Look, it’s not like I’m going to throw her out on the street... It’s just that this is a really small apartment. Pablo and I sleep in the other room and his cousin sleeps in here on the floor.
4) 117) dialog: Yeah but for how long...?
4) 119) dialog: And then what?
4) 126) dialog: Colombia. (CONTINUED)
4) 130) dialog: Lucy’s not there. Carla steps out of the booth - Maria is slow to follow.
4) 132) dialog: «OK. Carla steps in with her, grabs the phone and dials the pr and then hands her the receiver.
4) 133) dialog: Now just dial the number... Maria closes herself into the booth, dials carefully and waits for the line to ring. The muffled laughter of anoth conversation filters through the wall behind her.
4) 136) dialog: I used to think I’d be rich if I had two hundred dollars. Here that’s nothing.
4) 138) dialog: I clean offices. It’s nothing glamorous but it’s decent... (beat) Does Lucy really talk about coming to visit? Maria’s face hardens immediately.
4) 140) dialog: You know, I have this fantasy she'll come to see Jorge.
4) 142) dialog: (puts her hand on her stomach) That's the name we picked out.
4) 144) dialog: We already know he's a boy.
4) 148) dialog: From the sonogram... I’ve had it done three times and each time it’s amazing. You watch the baby swimming around inside. The head, the legs. They can see if the baby is healthy.
4) 153) dialog: You two know each other?
4) 155) dialog: You know Lucy?
4) 161) dialog: So you're not really friends with Lucy.
4) 163) dialog: You too? I don’t understand. Everyone knows someone in America. Carla looks at Maria - annoyed. Maria looks back - caught EXT. TRAVEL AGENCY — NEXT MORNING Carla leads Maria and Blanca up Roosevelt Avenue and into small storefront travel agency. INT. TRAVEL AGENCY — CONTINUOUS It's a tiny place with posters of Colombia on every wall. the two desks, one is piled with folders and papers, whil the other has the computer of DON FERNANDO, a short man i his 50s, overweight - with a very friendly demeanor. There are about 6 CUSTOMERS crammed in there including an older woman who rubs the pain out of her knees as she wai Don Fernando is talking on the phone and examining a set documents when Carla, Maria and Blanca enter.
4) 164) dialog: Hello.
4) 166) dialog: (shaking his hand) Fine. How are you?
4) 170) dialog: (hand on her stomach) Fine, thank you...Don Fernando it seems my sister back home sent me a little surprise...This is Maria and Blanca...
4) 172) dialog: They just arrived and they don’t know anyone. They’re staying with me but you know how small my place is. I was wondering if you could help...maybe to find some place, and some work for them...
4) 176) dialog: Thank you, Don Fernando. (to Maria) He can help you. I have to go to work. You know how to get back? It’s just back down three blocks and around the corner. I’1ll be back tonight after work.
4) 178) dialog: (trying not to interrupt) Don Fernando, I have to go to work. I’m leaving them here.
5) 46) dialog: He'll probably sleep with us to start but we saw it on sale. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
5) 50) dialog: What was the name of the place?
5) 52) dialog: (calling to Pablo) Pablo, what was the name of the place where your friend worked, sewing?
5) 54) dialog: (to Maria) That’s it. If it’s Frank and Sons tell him to keep looking for something else. They treat you terribly and then they don’t pay for weeks and weeks. (beat) I asked about a job for you where I work.
5) 56) dialog: They can’t guarantee work right off but if someone calls in sick then they call you and then eventually if someone quits they might give you a regular job.
5) 58) dialog: You’re not going back, child. I know how you feel. When I first got here believe me that was all I thought about. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
5) 61) text: CARLA (cont'd) I remember on my grandmother's birthday I called home and I remember I could hear everyone in the background yelling and laughing and playing music and I remember I was standing there on the street holding the phone with tears streaming down my face. And my sister was asking me, ‘Hey how’s America? Is it wonderful? How is your job?’ And she’s talking about how much she wants to come and be with me. And all I wanted was to tell them how much I missed them and how hard it was here, but then I thought, Who am I to complain about how hard life is here? But it gets better, trust me... The best moment of my life here - was when I got my first paycheck. Oh my god. I will never forget going into that office and sending money home for the first time. You have no idea. Your heart feels so big, so enormous like you can’t keep it in your chest. After a whole life of not being able to do anything suddenly you’re able to help, and then you know they’re counting on you back home, looking up to you and that keeps you going. Carla can’t hold back tears. But the real reason I stay is for my son. He’‘ll have so many more opportunities here. I hate to say it but I can’t imagine bringing up my baby in Colombia now - not with the situation being what it is... It pains me to say it but it’s true... Maria stares at her - not daring to say anything, tears welling up in her eyes. There’s a KNOCK on the front door.
5) 63) dialog: That must be your friend. 91.
6) 4) dialog: Help yourself to more arepas. The phone RINGS. Pablo answers it.
6) 7) dialog: Hello, don Fernando. How are you doing?... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
6) 10) dialog: ...Lucy? What do you mean? Are you sure? Found her here?... I don’t understand. What do you mean? Maria comes into the main room, carefully. Carla is visib upset. CARLA (cont'd) ...They came as what?!
6) 12) dialog: (crying) What are you saying?
6) 14) dialog: When were you going to tell me?
6) 16) dialog: Arranged? Arranged what?
6) 18) dialog: (standing up) You’re not arranging anything!
6) 21) dialog: You keep your hands off my sister. You’ve done enough.
6) 23) dialog: (hysterical) What have you done? You little bitches!
6) 25) dialog: You were never her friend! Never!
6) 27) dialog: Get out! Now!
6) 29) dialog: Get out!
6) 31) dialog: (screaming) Get them out already.
6) 33) dialog: Get out!
6) 35) dialog: Get out! GET OUT!! Maria sobs, not knowing what to do. 93. 94.
12) 0) text: CARLA and PABLO standing by the casket. Maria stays by th door, mute. Carla crosses herself at the casket, crying. she turns toward Pablo, she catches sight of Maria.
12) 4) dialog: (slowly) She looks beautiful. Indeed, Carla has been laid to rest in a beautiful white dress. CARLA (cont'd) ...-I don’t understand why she never said anything... We grew so far apart... Maria watches Carla mourn. She doesn’t dare to say anythi INT. MOVING CAR — DAY Maria sits, trancelike, in the back of a moving car-servi car gazing at the Manhattan skyline in the distance. Blan sits across from her. Maria looks down at the PRINTOUT of her sonogram and the REMINDER CARD for her next check-up. EXT. AIRPORT TERMINAL — DAY The driver lifts Maria’s and Blanca’s suitcases out of th trunk along with a large SHOPPING BAG full of Blanca’s ne purchases. INT. AIRPORT TERMINAL — WAITING AREA - CONTINUOUS Maria sits in the waiting area by the gate. She looks at the other people waiting - and then at Blanca who goes through the bag of gifts she’s bringing home.