0) 123) dialog: Hi. Unlike Felipe, Franklin is dressed stylishly, with a hip shirt, designer jeans and a gold chain. Next to him, Feli looks downright meek.
0) 125) dialog: Go for it.
0) 133) dialog: (out of nowhere) Wanna dance? Maria considers it, glances toward Juan... FRANKLIN (cont'd) What do you say?
0) 193) dialog: Hi.
0) 195) dialog: Where are you going?
0) 197) dialog: Hop on. I'll give you a ride.
0) 199) dialog: Sure. Maria gets on and puts her arms around Franklin's waist. 21. EXT. MOVING MOTORCYCLE — CONTINUOUS Maria and Franklin ride through the streets. The scenery changes as they go from the center of town and then into expanse of open country. Taking curves faster and faster. Maria is clearly getting a rush being on the back of Franklin's motorcycle, the wind in her face.
1) 1) dialog: I like the way you dance.
1) 3) dialog: I didn’t think people around here could dance. I thought they were all stiff.
1) 5) dialog: I’m from a little town called Santa Rosa de Cabal. About ten minutes from Pereira. You know it?
1) 7) dialog: They have some great hot springs there. I’'1l take you sometime.
1) 9) dialog: ...Various reasons. (CONTINUED)
1) 14) dialog: I’m sorry... It’s just that you’re way too pretty to be working as a maid. Way too cute to be getting dressed up in a hat and apron. Those people’ll treat you like shit.
1) 16) dialog: (studies her, sits) You lost your job at the plantation, right?
1) 18) dialog: ...-Felipe...
1) 20) dialog: Oh no? (CONTINUED)
1) 24) dialog: (beat) Listen, if you’re looking for work I might be able to hook you up...
1) 26) dialog: It just depends how bad you need the money. I know of a good job... Traveling...
1) 28) dialog: To the United States.
1) 30) dialog: (beat) Working as a mule... You know what a mule is, or not? Maria looks away. She clearly knows. FRANKLIN (cont'd) It’s a cool job. You go, hand off the stuff, get your cash. And that’s it... Like winning the lottery.
1) 32) dialog: How many mules do you know?
1) 34) dialog: Well, I know a bunch. (CONTINUED)
1) 38) dialog: (laughs) Those are the ones who want to be famous. They get caught, get on TV, everyone sees them and they become famous.
1) 40) dialog: I know a guy who can set it all up. Takes care of the papers, makes the arrangements... Maria looks away - nervous. Franklin reads her immediatel FRANKLIN (cont'd) You know what - forget about it. (stands) Let's go. He starts to walk toward his motorcycle. Maria hesitates.
2) 0) text: Bogota is loud and chaotic - buses clog the streets, horn blare, waves of people crowd the sidewalks. With Maria’s arms around his waist Franklin weaves in and of city traffic and pulls up in front of a bar on a sidestreet in an uncertain neighborhood. INT. BAR — DAY It's a dimly-lit place with a pool table at the back and tables along the wall opposite the bar. It’s filled almos entirely with MEN, all older. Maria looks rather uncomfortable as she follows Franklin in. (CONTINUED)
2) 3) dialog: You want something to drink...? (to the bartender) Give me a beer and a soda for her... (to Maria) I’m gonna talk to this guy. I'’11 just be a minute. He leaves Maria at the bar and heads to the back table wh a MAN sits with the only other WOMAN in the place. Frankl shakes the man's hand and points to Maria. Maria sips her soda. Franklin comes back over and waits with Maria. A moment later, the woman at the far table gets up. She makes very definite eye contact with Maria as she walks out.
2) 4) dialog: Come on. Franklin introduces Maria to JAVIER, a well-groomed man o about 60 with a gold chain, an ironed shirt and a cane leaning up against the table. He effects an incredibly paternal tone, calming but also intimidating.
2) 6) dialog: (jumping in) She's a friend of the family. On my cousin’s side.
2) 146) dialog: (breaking her moment) You ready? He gets her suitcase and puts it on the back of his motorcycle. Maria gives a final look at Juan as she climb on. EXT. MOVING MOTORCYCLE, COUNTRYSIDE AND CITY — CONTINUOUS Franklin and Maria ride with Maria’s suitcase strapped to back of the bike - along the road and then into the city. weaves in and out of traffic and finally pulls over at... EXT. / INT. PHARMACY — CONTINUOUS ...a perfectly ordinary pharmacy in the middle of the cit Franklin accompanies Maria inside and nods hello to the PHARMACIST behind the counter. The pharmacist disappears into the back. The two of them wait.
2) 148) dialog: She’s in another place. The sliding door-display case suddenly rolls open - revea the pharmacist standing behind it expectantly. Franklin passes him Maria’s suitcase.
2) 149) dialog: (reading her nervousness) Don’t worry. Everything’s gonna be fine. He gives her a kiss on the cheek. She hesitates before turning away from him and follows the pharmacist into the back. INT. PHARMACY, BACK ROOM — CONTINUOUS The pharmacist leads Maria into a small, stark room with table, a few chairs, a sink and a small bed in the corner (CONTINUED)