2) 5) dialog: Sit down. Maria sits opposite him. Franklin pulls up a third chair. JAVIER (cont'd) So, you're a friend of Franklin’s. And how do you know each other? Maria falters - looks to Franklin.
2) 7) dialog: Uh huh... And you’re looking for work?
2) 9) dialog: Since when?
2) 13) dialog: And where were you working before?
2) 15) dialog: What happened?
2) 17) dialog: Rebellious then?
2) 19) dialog: You don’t have a problem taking directions, orders?
2) 21) dialog: Do you get scared easily?
2) 23) dialog: How old are you?
2) 25) dialog: Boyfriend?
2) 27) dialog: Yes or no? He looks at Franklin.
2) 31) dialog: And how’s your system?
2) 33) dialog: I mean how’s your stomach? Do you have problems with diarrhea, constipation, digestive problems?
2) 35) dialog: Do you eat a lot?
2) 37) dialog: Well then... We’re going to give you several rolls of film. We’1ll send you to New York... Actually to New Jersey - a small town next to New York. Once you go through Customs you'll be met by our people. They will take you to a safe place. We'll develop the rolls. And in five, six days you'll be back here with all your money taking care of your problems.
2) 39) dialog: We’1l give you a hundred dollars a roll. A girl your size you could make five or six thousand depending on how much you carry. Keep in mind we have to take care of your documents. Meaning that after we deduct the expenses for your passport and visa and the other papers you'll get about seven or eight million pesos.
2) 43) dialog: And why would you get caught? Unless you get off the plane trembling like a leaf. Then they’1l catch you. Obviously. But no worries. Those gringos don’t know a thing. (leans in) But once your decision is made there’s no turning back. You can’t tell anyone. Understand? Javier stares hard at Maria.
2) 45) dialog: Now, I know you’re in a difficult situation. And I don’t want you making this decision under any kind of pressure. (reaching into his pocket) So I want to give you this so you can take care of a few things... He slides several BILLS across the table.
2) 47) dialog: (studies her) ..-No, no, no. No strings attached. Maria stares at the money on the table. EXT. STREET / BUS STOP — LATER Maria walks across the busy street and stops at the bus s Among the people waiting for the bus, Maria recognizes th WOMAN who was sitting at Javier's table in the bar. A mom later the BUS rolls up and they all get on. INT. BUS — CONTINUOUS Maria sees a free seat next to the WOMAN. She sits. The woman recognizes Maria but neither of them says anything. (CONTINUED)
2) 156) dialog: Relax. She puts the pellet back in her mouth and sets it deep in throat with her fingers.
2) 157) dialog: Don't put your fingers in so much. Maria starts to gag again.
2) 158) dialog: Did you practice with the grapes?
2) 160) dialog: If you can't do this we'll stop now.
2) 162) dialog: Just let it slide down. She tilts her head back and the pellet goes down. She loo very relieved.
2) 164) dialog: Good. He dips another pellet in oil and holds it out to her. AN HOUR LATER - Maria paces around the room. The young ma packs up his stuff as Maria and Javier continue to work.
2) 165) dialog: How do you feel?
2) 169) dialog: Twenty-three. Maria presses her stomach.
2) 170) dialog: Here. Lay down on the bed. She lays down. Javier places his hands on her stomach.
2) 172) dialog: They have to settle properly. He massages her stomach, manipulating the pellets inside. The door opens and the PHARMACIST brings in a bowl of SOU
2) 173) dialog: Have some soup. Maria gets up and sits at the table. She takes a spoonful soup with great trepidation. It hurts going down.
2) 175) dialog: One more.
2) 177) dialog: Sixty-two. Come on. She stares at him hatefully before taking the pellet. She swallows it slowly but without gagging.
2) 178) dialog: Good... I'll be right back. He turns and leaves the room. (CONTINUED)
2) 181) dialog: (hands her the money) This is eight hundred dollars. Maria stares at the money. Never in her life has she held this much. JAVIER (cont'd) When they ask you how much you're coming to America with tell them eight hundred dollars. Just say you've been saving up. (handing her papers) This is your ticket. Round trip - one week. This is your passport and visa. She stares at them - fascinated. He writes something on a piece of PAPER and passes it to her.
2) 183) dialog: That's the name and address of the hotel where you say you’re staying. Do you remember why you’re in America?
2) 185) dialog: (testing her) And how long are you here for?
2) 187) dialog: Who bought this ticket?
2) 189) dialog: Where? (CONTINUED)
2) 193) dialog: Where do you plan to stay in America?
2) 195) dialog: Which hotel?
2) 197) dialog: Good. How are you feeling?
2) 199) dialog: You can drink on the plane but don’t eat or it’ll make your stomach release acid. Don’t talk to anyone on the plane. Even the stewardesses spy for the DEA. Once you've been passed through Customs you'll come out through an electric sliding door. On the other side of that there'll be someone there to meet you.
2) 201) dialog: They'll know you. If they're not there for some reason call this number. He takes back the paper and writes a TELEPHONE NUMBER on
2) 202) dialog: The key is to stay calm and act like nothing’s wrong. But if you do get caught just keep quiet. (he leans in) If you give them any information we'll leave you to rot in there while we go to your house and have a chat with your grandmother, your mother, your sister... and little Pachito. Same thing if any of what's in your stomach disappears along the way. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
2) 205) dialog: We know exactly how much each one of those 62 pellets you've got weighs. Do I make myself clear? He glares into her eyes. The effect is chilling. INT. AIRPORT, X-RAY CHECK POINT — AFTERNOON Maria puts her purse on the conveyor belt and steps throu the metal detector. One guard scans her up and down with HANDHELD METAL DETECTOR and another then pats her down. A Maria stares straight ahead she suddenly sees something o BLANCA - dressed vampy with cleavage and lipstick - brows perfume at the duty-free shop. They make brief eye contac