0) 24) dialog: Maria. Get up. INT. BATHROOM — BEFORE DAWN A precarious electric water-heating element mounted on th shower-head, with wires sticking out of it, shifts into t On position. Maria puts her head fully under the water. INT. KITCHEN / MAIN ROOM — BEFORE DAWN PACHO, one year old, is CRYING on his back on a tattered couch in the main room of the small house. Maria’s sister DIANA, 19, stands over him, pressing down on his stomach. ROSITA, Maria’s grandmother, moves to and from the crampe kitchen setting out cups of hot chocolate and rolls. JUAN 40, is already dressed and folding laundry.
0) 30) dialog: Maria, don’t brush your hair in the dining room please.
0) 33) dialog: Give him to me.
0) 35) dialog: Mama, will you fix a tea for him?
0) 44) dialog: See you later, honey. The bus pulls away and Maria continues to wait. INT. MOVING BUS (ANOTHER) — VERY EARLY MORNING Maria sits by the window with BLANCA, also 17 but heavier than Maria. The bus lurches along. The seats are full of other people (mostly women), but there is no conversation only the sound of the driver's tinny radio. Blanca has her head on Maria’s shoulder. Maria stares out the passing farmland and cows. EXT. PLANTATION GATEHOUSE — LATER Maria and Blanca get off the bus and merge into a small s of people who funnel through a tall steel gate past a uniformed guard with steel-toed boots and a shotgun. On t other side, the grounds are landscaped and spotless. INT. CHANGING ROOMS — CONTINUOUS Maria, Blanca and about two dozen other women put on blue jumpsuits over their clothes, along with thick, rubber bo INT. EATING ROOM — CONTINUOUS In a large room with long wooden tables and benches, abou hundred workers eat breakfast. There is a din of conversation. At one table, Blanca eats a roll as Maria interrogates her.
0) 72) dialog: Maria! Maria sees her mother at a small store buying fruits and vegetables. She crosses over to her. Juana pays for the two bags of groceries and puts a few c of change in her pocket. She picks up the bags and the tw of them walk on in silence. INT. PHARMACY — CONTINUOUS It’s a small place with the drugs on the wall behind the counter. Diana watches as a WOMAN removes foil-wrapped TABLETS from a box and counts them out. Juana enters, trailed by Maria.
0) 73) dialog: Is everything OK?
0) 75) dialog: (to Maria) Lend your sister the money.
0) 79) dialog: Maria!
0) 83) dialog: Maria don’t start! Give your sister the money. Juana glares at her daughter. Maria finally digs into her pocket and hands over the money. JUANA (cont'd) You can keep the extra nine-thousand six- hundred when you get paid at the end of the month. I don’t know why everything always has to be so difficult with you. Maria watches Diana pay. And then, as if trying to get ba at them, she says,
0) 85) dialog: What? When?
0) 87) dialog: What happened?
0) 89) dialog: At all?
0) 91) dialog: What are you going to do? The woman behind the counter looks very uncomfortable.
0) 100) dialog: Enough! Quiet, both of you! (beat) Maria, you have to go back and ask for your job back.
0) 104) dialog: There’s nothing but flowers around here. At least it’s a decent job.
0) 106) dialog: Maria! You have to go back!
2) 120) dialog: I don’t understand. You’re going all the way to Chiquinquira? To work as a secretary? (CONTINUED)
2) 124) dialog: Well tell me again.
2) 126) dialog: But you don’t know anything about working in an office.
2) 128) dialog: I didn’t say that. Juana sits at the foot of Maria’s bed. She glances to Dia clearly distraught - then watches Maria continue to go through her clothes. JUANA (cont'd) I just don’t understand why you have to go so far away... Maria... Maria finally looks at her mother. They share a beat. The both clearly feel uncomfortable, but Maria buries her uncertainty with a distant resolve. EXT. PLAZA — MID-MORNING Her hair pulled back and her face made up, Maria is dress in a nice blouse and skirt — clearly her nicest outfit - she walks down into town carrying her suitcase. She sits on a bench on the edge of the town square. She looks to the center of the plaza and sees JUAN with his bicycle standing amongst friends. He turns and they make contact. After a moment of hesitation, he rides over.