2) 53) dialog: (not making eye contact) It's not easy but it's not too difficult either... How old are you?
2) 55) dialog: (looks at Maria) You just have to be prepared and know how to do it right. Maria takes this in. INT. MARIA’S HOUSE — DAY Maria comes home. Diana is folding clothes at the table. Maria walks right past her toward the kitchen.
2) 78) dialog: Hi. INT. LUCY’S HOUSE — DAY Lucy’s house is nice - spacious though vacant-feeling wit large table and chairs, and a relatively new hi-fi. Maria sits alone. Lucy comes in from the kitchen with a small b full of GRAPES. She sits.
2) 79) dialog: Here. (hands Maria a grape) Hold it in your mouth. Maria puts it in her mouth and holds it there. LUCY (cont'd) Just hold it. Let it slide to the back. All the way. Now open your throat. Maria gags — then bites into the grape and swallows it.
2) 80) dialog: You have to practice with the grapes. Lucy passes her the bag of grapes. Maria picks one out.
2) 82) dialog: You can't eat anything for the last twenty-four hours. Your stomach has to be totally empty. They'll lie about how many you have to swallow. (CONTINUED)
2) 86) dialog: For someone your size, maybe sixty or seventy pellets.
2) 88) dialog: Be glad you're little. Big guys swallow like ninety or a hundred... Make sure they're well wrapped. If even one of them opens up inside you you'll die. Not as fast as cocaine. Cocaine will make your heart explode immediately. Heroin takes longer, but you still die unless you get the right medicine. Maria’s eyes widen.
2) 89) dialog: Wear nice clothes. Nothing flashy, just something nice - so you don’t look like a peasant. They may ask you questions in the airport. Javier will tell you what to say.
2) 91) dialog: ...Two.
2) 93) dialog: .-.I'm still here. (beat) The first time I did it I thought I wanted to go see my sister. She lives in New York. I haven’t seen her in four years. But then I got there and I realized, What am I going to tell her? How am I going to explain how I got here? I love her but we're really different, you know? She would kill me if she knew I was doing this. The second time I did it I went and saw where she lives but I couldn’t knock on the door. (CONTINUED)
2) 97) dialog: ..-Straight. Everything’s in perfect squares. INT. BATHROOM — MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT Maria stands in front of the mirror and places a grape in mouth. She tries to swallow it and GAGS. She tries again. She looks very nervous - almost on the verge of tears. EXT. YARD — DAY In the yard behind her house Maria is washing laundry by hand. Blanca sits watching her.
2) 209) dialog: I didn't either. It just happened.
2) 213) dialog: That's how it works. They send a bunch of us so if one gets stopped it makes it easier for the rest to slip through...
2) 245) dialog: I don't feel well.
2) 250) dialog: (pulling it together) I know. I know. (beat) Thanks. Maria heads back up the aisle - past Blanca - to her seat casting a glance over her shoulder as she sits.
2) 253) dialog: But I'll be alive.
2) 258) dialog: No. I always give them my sister’s address. (beat) Do you have a pen? Maria gives her a pen - Lucy tears off a corner of her ti envelope.
2) 259) dialog: (scribbling) It's my sister's address in Queens, New York...
2) 386) dialog: (standing) I have to go to the bathroom.
3) 0) text: Morning light burns through the curtains. Blanca comes out of the bathroom with a handful of pellet puts them in her ziplock bag (two others on the dresser) counts them through the plastic. Wilson lies on the bed watching TV. Maria lies on her bed also watching. Carlos sits over by the window rolling himself a joint. Lucy squats at her suitcase folding a shirt - moving slow Maria keeps one eye on her, one on the TV. She glances at Wilson. Lucy sits on the chair and takes a deep breath. Without blinking, Wilson clicks the remote a few times an lands on something else: a news report (in Spanish) about crowds of people flocking to see an apparition of the Vir on the side of a tree. As the news report ends, Wilson crosses himself, kisses his crucifix and tucks it under h shirt. Blanca crosses the room, causing Maria to notice that Luc has dozed off sitting up.
4) 0) text: Dim bed-side light. The guys sit drinking beers - Wilson watching TV while Carlos plays with a GAMEBOY. Lucy sits up in bed with her eyes barely open, on the TV. Blanca sits up on the other side of the bed. Maria comes out of the bathroom, makes eye contact with L and then sits on the edge of the bed next to Blanca.
10) 0) text: The MORTICIAN brings Maria and don Fernando into a small with a casket. She approaches slowly. He opens the lid an then leaves her alone. Cautiously, Maria approaches. Lucy has been made up - clearly pale and waxen, but presentable. Maria kneels and then weeps softly at her side.