0) 54) text: As the supervisor happens to look up he sees Maria's hand the air, sighs and makes his way back to her.
0) 55) dialog: What is it?
0) 57) dialog: Again?
0) 59) dialog: You've already been twice this morning. You're under by four bins this hour, three last hour. How are you going to catch up if you keep going to the bathroom? He stares at her expectantly.
0) 61) dialog: Do you know what it's like for me always having to look over your shoulder, Maria? You think it's fun for me? I have eighty- four workers in this section and everyone else puts their head down and does their job. But with you, it's like this constant game of tug-of-war just to get you to make quota. At this point, I... All of the sudden Maria VOMITS directly on the flowers, splattering her supervisor slightly.
0) 62) dialog: What the hell is wrong with you?! This is disgusting. Look at this. What the hell? Maria doesn’t dare look up at him.
0) 63) dialog: Look at these flowers. What are you gonna do about these? Huh? What are you gonna do? She just stares at the flowers blankly. (CONTINUED)
0) 65) dialog: (exasperated) Pick those up. Maria scoops up the bundle of flowers in her arms - vomit all. With Blanca and the rest watching, the supervisor le her over to a large BASIN.
0) 66) dialog: Set them there. Maria sets the flowers on a cart. He picks up a HOSE with spray nozzle and twists it until it shoots a fine mist. SUPERVISOR (cont'd) (passing her the hose) Wash them off. Maria picks up a rose and sprays it off.
0) 67) dialog: Be careful with the bud.
0) 69) dialog: I don’t care. Wash them.
0) 71) dialog: (really pissed) You want to go to the bathroom, then you can go on your lunch break... Or you can go right now and keep walking out the door. (he stares her down) I want all these flowers clean. And when you're done, you’re gonna go back to your station and make up the bins you owe me. Understood? The supervisor marches off, leaving Maria there - fuming. EXT. TOWN, STREETS — DAY Maria sits on a park bench and picks at her lunch, as a g of kids her age, dressed in school uniforms, passes by. S makes eye contact with one but they move on past. She che the time. 10. EXT. STREET — AFTERNOON In town. Maria walks up the street.