3) 0) text: Morning light burns through the curtains. Blanca comes out of the bathroom with a handful of pellet puts them in her ziplock bag (two others on the dresser) counts them through the plastic. Wilson lies on the bed watching TV. Maria lies on her bed also watching. Carlos sits over by the window rolling himself a joint. Lucy squats at her suitcase folding a shirt - moving slow Maria keeps one eye on her, one on the TV. She glances at Wilson. Lucy sits on the chair and takes a deep breath. Without blinking, Wilson clicks the remote a few times an lands on something else: a news report (in Spanish) about crowds of people flocking to see an apparition of the Vir on the side of a tree. As the news report ends, Wilson crosses himself, kisses his crucifix and tucks it under h shirt. Blanca crosses the room, causing Maria to notice that Luc has dozed off sitting up.
4) 0) text: Dim bed-side light. The guys sit drinking beers - Wilson watching TV while Carlos plays with a GAMEBOY. Lucy sits up in bed with her eyes barely open, on the TV. Blanca sits up on the other side of the bed. Maria comes out of the bathroom, makes eye contact with L and then sits on the edge of the bed next to Blanca.
7) 6) dialog: But nothing. Where are the fucking pellets?
7) 8) dialog: Come on. Come on. (CONTINUED)
7) 14) dialog: She should have sixty-two, and the other one should have fifty.
7) 17) dialog: Good. Wilson moves away, toward the driver side of the van.
7) 19) dialog: (stops, turns) You think we owe you anything? You think you earned it? After you went running from the hotel? (CONTINUED)
7) 23) dialog: You're lucky. I was about to call Javier and tell him you’d made off with the stuff.
7) 27) dialog: Oh, you do? (laughs) You really need it? He takes a beat, playing with her - then looks over and n to Carlos.
7) 28) dialog: (to Carlos) Go ahead, man. Carlos unzips a bag and reaches inside and removes TWO ENVELOPES - checks which is which and then gives them to Maria and Blanca. The two of them remove the cash - thick stacks of old fives, tens and twenties
7) 29) dialog: Make sure it’s all there. (beat) Be sure to tell Javier how nice I was when you get back. You better not make any fucking problems like this on your next run... You’ve been trained now. Wilson turns to walk away.
7) 31) dialog: (turns) What do you mean, what about Lucy’s money? (CONTINUED)
7) 35) dialog: That's none of your business.
7) 37) dialog: You've got nothing to do with that.
7) 39) dialog: (hesitates) No, no fucking way.