0) 12) dialog: (Singing) Our village chief is good-natured. He will end up a scarecrow in the paddy.
0) 14) dialog: God forbid! The fool is me... (Points to himself) ...-here to curry your favor, you illustrious laughingstock... I ama fool. Buy you, my lord... (Points to Hidetora) +..are another. You have lost all you have gained! He dashes away, gesturing like an idiot.
0) 22) dialog: I do not care about the armor, but the standard... My lord. That standard is supposed to be with the head of the Hoes of Ichimonji. Taro’s face reveals a slightly troubled expression.
0) 36) dialog: (Sings) That lord is a gourd in the wind, Tottering this way, tottering that... One of Taro’s retainers looks up at him and runs up the tower.
0) 37) dialog: (Continues) Tottering this way, tottering that. (MORE)
0) 39) dialog: A gourd we will hang from the keep. Wouldn't that be amusing? Reaching the top of the tower, Taro’s retainer grabs Ky by the collar.
0) 187) dialog: It stinks. It is the smell of rotten guts. Ikoma looks back at him sharply. Kyoami shrugs his should and crouches again. Hidetora watches them, perplexed.
0) 190) dialog: Go quickly. Heaven is far away, but Hell is not. Hidetora turns sharply to Kyoami. The next moment, with a fierce glare, he strikes Kyoami in the face with his whip
0) 285) dialog: Am I dreaming? Oh, Heaven forbid!
0) 289) dialog: (Starts dancing) Go mad! Go mad! In this mad world it is the sane who are mad!
0) 291) dialog: The Great Lord is great indeed!
0) 293) dialog: If you are going to go mad, it is better to think you are the sun than to think you are a worm. Tango is silent.
0) 295) dialog: Bravo! Bravo! Men are beasts! Kill them all and the world will be paradise! Hidetora suddenly becomes quiet and still, gazing intentl some point in the distance. Kyoami puts his hand in front Hidetora’s eyes and moves it up and down but, failing a point, suddenly straightens.
0) 297) dialog: (Sings) How strange! On withered fields I see an entire clan destroyed by my hands, each one of them floating up before me. Hidetora runs madly about, back and forth, left and right waving his fists. Fighting the ghosts of his enemies who appearing in front of him, Hidetora displays an expressio and bearing that are the extreme of madness. 54. Tango is, of course, amazed. But even Kyoami wants to shi his eyes as he watches, unable to move. Hidetora, mad, reaches the limits of his strength and collapses. Tango, after a moment, pulls himself together and runs ov
0) 304) dialog: That is worse. If he were still mad, he would be spared the memory of what had happened to him. The wind and rain rage violently.
0) 406) dialog: Your helmet, my lord. Hidetora accepts it and joyfully puts it on. Tango looks it, depressed. Kyoami breaks off two lilies at his side a sticks them in Hidetora’s hat.
0) 407) dialog: This is your plow-shaped plume, my lord. This is even better. Hidetora smiles joyfully under his helmet of flowers and grass. Tango suddenly rises and goes away. Then he crouch with his back to Kyoami. His shoulders are shaking furiou he seems to be crying. 136 137
0) 410) dialog: (Voice-over) Am I in Hell? Tango turns around to look. Kyoami is gazing intensely in direction.
0) 411) dialog: Here comes a devil! Tango follows Kyoami’s gaze. Two horsemen, Ikoma and Og are galloping near the ruined castle. When Tango recogniz them, he runs to his horse, jumps on, and races to the re of the castle ruins along the ruined passage.
0) 426) dialog: We are still here because we cannot do that. That madman is beyond our control. (MORE)
0) 428) dialog: He strongly resists whenever I tell him to go to Master Saburo. Even if I lie to him in order to take him away, he struggles to stay. No wonder. He thinks he cannot face Master Saburo after what he did to him. He becomes sane when he thinks of Master Saburo. Wearing a grass helmet with a lily as its frontal ornamen Hidetora is happily picking flowers as if he were a child Tango crosses to him.
0) 433) dialog: Yes, sir! Tango withdraws.
0) 442) dialog: Why am I still serving such a crazy old man? If the rock upon which you are seated starts to roll down a slope, you must jump off. Otherwise you will be crushed together with the rock. Only fools remain on a falling rock. He stands and starts for the exit.
0) 444) dialog: This is Heaven. (Returns to Hidetora, helps him lie down again) Be a good boy. Go to sleep. (Sits beside him) Amazing! I think it has been my work since I was a child to rock him to sleep!
0) 483) dialog: Heaven and earth have turned upside down. I was mad and made him laugh before. But now he is mad and makes me laugh. Come, do not be silent. Say something. You speak of nonsense; I speak of truth. Let us see if our conversation can continue smoothly. Now! (Shouts ) Old man! Hidetora, who has been gazing absently at a point in spac reacts and regards Kyoami.
0) 485) dialog: A snake’s egg is white and beautiful. A bird’s egg is spotted and dirty.
0) 487) dialog: The little bird deserted the dirty egg and sat on the white one.
0) 489) dialog: A snake emerged from the hatched egg. 153 79.
0) 491) dialog: The bird raised the snake, only to fall prey to it.
0) 493) dialog: The bird was stupid.
0) 495) dialog: If a madman goes mad again, will he become sane?
0) 497) dialog: You will not be crushed. Miserable worms are not even worth being crushed.
0) 499) dialog: All human beings cry when they are born. They die after they have cried enough. Horrified, Hidetora runs away. Kyoami, too, runs after hi
0) 544) dialog: Human beings are always lost. Human beings have walked the same way again and again from the earliest times. If you prefer not to do it, jump from this wall. Hidetora suddenly jumps. Taken aback, Kyoami looks down f the top of the stone wall, then runs down the meandering passage as fast as he can.
0) 546) dialog: Great Lord! (Clings to Hidetora)
0) 554) dialog: (Surprised; stops Hidetora) Great Lord! Do not leave! With the extraordinary strength of a desperate man, Hidet pushes him aside and runs away. Kyoami pursues.
0) 583) dialog: (Almost falls from the horse) Forgive me! He has gone! I do not know where he is. Tango sighs, regards Saburo.
0) 585) dialog: Yes.
0) 590) dialog: What are you saying! If you break your promise to Lord Saburo, war is inevitable.
0) 633) dialog: Here is the Great Lord! He is here! Saburo and Tango gallop up to him. He is holding Hidetora who has been lying in the grass. Saburo and Tango dismoun and help Kyoami. Hidetora looks at the three with vacant eyes. 95.
0) 663) dialog: Great Lord! Great Lord! Tango watches everything in deep sorrow.
0) 667) dialog: (Yelling) Is there no God or Buddha in this world? Damnation! God and the Buddha are nothing but mischievous urchins! Are they so bored in Heaven that they enjoy watching men die like worms? Damn God! Is it so amusing to see and hear human beings cry and scream?