0) 161) dialog: Rice. Bean paste and pickled plums, too. (Sits, bows to Hidetora, who is a short distance away ) I, Tango Hirayama, have followed you in this guise, observing what was happening to you, my lord. You have suffered so much that I could no longer remain in the shadows. (MORE)
0) 163) dialog: Although I have been banished, I would be pleased if you would accept my service.
0) 167) dialog: My lord! Wait! The farmers are not to blame. They could not ignore Lord Taro’s orders, so they evacuated their villages to avoid you.
0) 169) dialog: He issued a proclamation that the Great Lord was banished and that anyone who helped him would be punished with death. Shocked, Hidetora gapes and collapses to the stool. The retainers and concubines are speechless as they gaze at t once-powerful lord. Summer cicadas chirp in the otherwise quiet field. After what seems an eternity to Tango, Hidet turns to him.
0) 171) dialog: Thank you, my lord.
0) 173) dialog: My lord! You do have a place to go! Master Saburo has found a place with Lord Fujimaki, who wishes him to be his son-in-law. You should go to him.
0) 175) dialog: (Even more strongly) Great Lord! Listen carefully. Master Saburo thinks of nothing but his father’s welfare. It is because of him that I have disguised myself like this so that I could be by your side. It is all because of his orders that I protect you. These words have a deeply moving effect on Hidetora. His twists in spite of himself. Torn between joy and shame, t stern face of a great general disappears, giving way to t face of a frail old father. One of Hidetora’s retainers gallops up.
0) 181) dialog: What are you saying? Lord Fujimaki is not a man like that.
0) 183) dialog: My lord! He grabs Hidetora’s sleeve.
0) 193) dialog: We were sincere and spoke the truth. Kyoami, sobbing, turns up his face like a crying child.
0) 284) dialog: Who is that? Kyoami strains his eyes and looks, then moves up and down the horse in a frenzy.
0) 286) dialog: The Great Lord! He turns his horse’s head, racing after Hidetora at ful gallop. Hidetora’s white hair and beard, disheveled in the wind drenched by the rain, are stuck to his face. His flutteri garments are likewise wrapped around his body. He stands sharply like a demon god, scowling all around him. Tango and Kyoami, who have galloped up and jumped off the horse in front of him, are rooted to the ground with frig at his extraordinary appearance. Hidetora screams at the raging plain.
0) 288) dialog: Great Lord! Have you gone mad?
0) 292) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 298) dialog: Great Lord! He shakes Hidetora as if clinging to him.
0) 299) dialog: Great Lord! Come to your senses! Hidetora opens his eyes, and, looking for a moment at Tan who is watching him, he stands.
0) 301) dialog: (His face lights up) Yes, my lord!
0) 303) dialog: Kyoami, rejoice! Our lord has regained his senses!
0) 308) dialog: Anybody home? From inside the house, a delicate voice is heard.
0) 310) dialog: Travelers who have met hardship in today’s storm. Please let us stay a night.
0) 312) dialog: We are not asking for anything special.
0) 314) dialog: Why? Is it a disease?
0) 316) dialog: Then please let us in.
0) 318) dialog: (Irritated) Listen, the Great Lord of the House of Ichimonji is here! There is no answer, and the house becomes completely quie
0) 319) dialog: We are coming in. Then, together with Kyoami, he carries Hidetora off the horse, opens the door, and goes into the straw hut.
0) 321) dialog: Excuse us for coming in with our shoes on, but our lord was suddenly taken ill... He steps up on the wooden floor and, together with Kyoami carries Hidetora over to the hearth and, laying him there addresses the occupant of the house, seemingly a woman. 57.
0) 322) dialog: (Looks at the occupant) He is wet. Do you have something to cover him with? The occupant stays seated and does not move.
0) 323) dialog: Answer me, woman!
0) 325) dialog: Yes. The occupant of the house silently rises and goes to a co of the room. Tango and Kyoami watch the person suspicious The occupant, seen from behind in the dim light, appears be looking for something. The occupant rises and comes over, silently handing somet over. Tango receives it - it is folded clothing. He opens puts it on Hidetora, and stares in surprise. It is a beautiful robe with a colorful design, out of keeping wit the humble hut. Tango and Kyoami are amazed and curious a they look at it.
0) 326) dialog: Speak up... woman!
0) 328) dialog: What? It is so dark, I... Bring me a lamp. Tango reaches for a stick of lighted firewood in order to take a good look at him, and notices a cane leaning by th side of the hearth.
0) 329) dialog: I am sorry. Is your eyesight poor? He holds up the stick of firewood. The occupant of the ho is illuminated in the light from the burning stick. It is face of a blind but handsome youth. Kyoami pulls back wit start and looks at Tango. 58.
0) 330) dialog: (Shocked, gazes at the youth) Are you Lady Sué’s younger brother... Master Tsurumaru?
0) 339) dialog: My lord! He runs after Hidetora. Kyoami follows.
0) 414) dialog: (Draws his sword) Traitors! You came at a good time! I will punish you with death for the Great Lord!
0) 416) dialog: No excuses! I know the truth. The Great Lord told me what you did to him. Ogura looks away, reacts. Ikoma follows his gaze.
0) 420) dialog: Die, traitor! You drove our Great Lord mad!
0) 425) dialog: Kyoami, Taro was killed by Jiro. We must take the Great Lord to Master Saburo without delay, or he will be in danger.
0) 429) dialog: My lord, this is not a decent place for you. Let us move somewhere else. Kyoami brings the horse. Hidetora flinches, frightened, staggers back, then runs into the underground storeroom.
0) 431) dialog: What a pity! My lord, what do you think of Master Saburo? Hidetora is crouching in the dusky corner, eyes gleaming fear.
0) 432) dialog: Kyoami. I must bring Master Saburo here. He may be the only one who can get him out of here. I am going to Master Saburo. I will return immediately with him and his soldiers to take the Great Lord back! Take care of our lord!
0) 512) dialog: You do not have to be embarrassed. Thanks to Lord Fujimaki’s demonstration of his possible invasion, the enemy on this Hachiman Field cannot make an aggressive move. It also enables us to rescue the Great Lord from Azusa Field.
0) 527) dialog: All right. The enemy main force will come soon. When they come, we will go through the forest and rescue the Great Lord.
0) 561) dialog: Lord Saburo. Let us go at once to the Great Lord.
0) 582) dialog: Kyoami! Where is the Great Lord?
0) 637) dialog: He has yet to regain his senses. Let us carry him quietly. Hidetora looks around as if awakening from a nightmare.
0) 648) dialog: Great Lord, look at his eyes. Does he look like a liar? Some speak of love without the least thought of it, but none sheds tears of sincerity like his without a full heart.
0) 659) dialog: Great Lord! Compose yourself!
0) 661) dialog: Great Lord! Great Lord!
0) 664) dialog: Kyoami. You must not call back his soul. You must not let him wander in this hellish world any longer. Tango and Kyoami, as well as Saburo’s men who are the corpse, silently behold the horrible sight of old warlord lying atop his lifeless son. surrounding death, the Over track, we hear hoofbeats. A messenger comes riding u
0) 666) dialog: (More sorrowful than pleased) What is this? Of all things, Master Saburo is no longer with us to hear! The Great Lord is no longer here to see it! Why? Why? Kyoami suddenly rises and spits toward Heaven. 184 185 99.
0) 668) dialog: Enough! Do not slander God or the Buddha! They are the ones who are crying! The evil of human beings... the stupidity of the sinful creatures, who believe their survival depends on killing others, repeated again and again throughout all time... Even God or the Buddha cannot save us from it. Kyoami bursts out crying loudly.
0) 669) dialog: Do not cry! This is nothing unusual in this mortal world. Human beings seek sorrow, not happiness, and prefer suffering to peace. Look at the First Castle! Those stupid people are fighting for sorrow and suffering, reveling in murder and bloodshed!
0) 689) dialog: (Stops him) That is not necessary. Master Saburo had no ambition. He wanted to avoid war. You had better withdraw your army today out of mourning for Master Saburo, and pray for him. Fujimaki nods, raises his whip, and bisects the surroundi cavalry to make way for Saburo’s troops. Those with the bodies of Saburo and Hidetora resume their advance. Twilight creeps to the field, darkening the figures of th humans who have seen hell in this world. The glow of the evening is as red as blood, slowly paling, giving way to dusk. Azusa Field is beginning to disappear under the clo of evening. Far beyond the field, upon the stone walls of the remains Azusa Castle, a small figure is seen.