0) 17) dialog: (His whole face smiling) Kaede... (Stands up, looks out window) How many times have I looked out form here on the landscape? And... now that it is mine, this landscape looks entirely different. Kaede, ignoring TaroвЂ™s deep emotion, looks at the upper platform. There are no furnishings on it; it looks bare.
0) 19) dialog: (Nods ) FatherвЂ™s standard and his armor and helmet were displayed there.
0) 21) dialog: (Casually) I just handed them to Father's bearers. Kaede tightly knits her brows.
0) 23) dialog: But Father said that he would keep the title and forms of lordship...
0) 25) dialog: What do you mean? Father definitely said that the headship would go to me.
0) 55) dialog: Yes. Ikoma and Ogura come up and sit side by side behind Hidet The comic retainers. 23.
0) 60) dialog: Please do not joke.
0) 62) dialog: We have not forgotten it. It is you, Father, who have forgotten that you gave the headship of the house to me.
0) 64) dialog: They may be few in number, but their actions are intolerable. What does that song mean? song is heard again, sung by HidetoraвЂ™s drunken
0) 66) dialog: Father, with this going on, how can I exercise authority over my men?
0) 68) dialog: Even with comic songs there are limits. It was not unreasonable that one of my retainers rebuked the idiot whose song was clearly making fun of me. But of all things, you shot that retainer of mine. That I cannot overlook. No, I can close my eyes to what happened today, but I want you to pledge firmly that such a thing will never happen again. He looks at Kaede. She takes the thick ceremonial paper t has been placed on the wooden stand table beneath the scr of Hachiman, the god of war, in the alcove, and hands it Hidetora.
0) 69) dialog: I would like you to sign this and seal it with your blood. Hidetora roughly opens the ceremonial paper. When he has glanced over it, he turns to glare, full of menace, at Ta then throws it in from of Ikoma.
0) 78) dialog: What are you saying?
0) 251) text: 105 106 48. From this point, the track bursts into real sounds: the shouts of soldiers running around, footsteps, hoofbeats, fluttering of banners and bannerets, the roar of fire. In the midst of these sounds, Taro clutches at his throat with one hand, blood pouring out between his fingers. He reels around and falls heavily from his horse.
0) 352) text: 127 61. An attendant runs over and starts taking off his armor. TaroвЂ™s retainers become intently still at this.