0) 331) dialog: Yes. Hidetora sits up, turns his eyes, and stares at the youth Then, his voice trembling, he mutters with a frightened voice.
0) 333) dialog: It has been a long time... Lord Hidetora.
0) 335) dialog: How could I forget you? I was just a child, but how could I forget the one who gouged out my eyes in exchange for sparing my life... the day you burned down my fatherвЂ™s castle? Hidetora is trembling.
0) 336) dialog: I tried hard to follow my sister's teachings, to pray to the Buddha and rid myself of hatred. But not one day have I failed to remember, and not one night have I been able to forget and to sleep peacefully. Hidetora, naturally, and Tango and Kyoami also stare at t blind boy, speechless.
0) 337) dialog: Well, then, I am terribly sorry that I cannot give you a decent welcome, Great Lord. However... fortunately I have a flute that my sister sent to me. I learned to play it when I was a child. I will play it for you and give you, if nothing else, some hospitality of the heart. 123 124 125 126 59. The boy takes a flute from the brocade bag beside him.
0) 338) dialog: Now it is my only pleasure. Please listen, and laugh, if you will, at my clumsy art. Seated before Hidetora, Tango and Kyoami, Tsurumaru plays The clear sound of the flute expresses TsurumaruвЂ™s deep sorrow and lament. It moves Hidetora. The old lord stagge to his feet. He clutches at his chest like a man shot wit arrow. His face twitching, staring at Tsurumaru with star eyes, he steps back. With trembling lips he tries to say something, but his voice fails him. He opens his mouth wi and lets out a scream that is not a voice, then staggers to the earthen floor, quickly pushes at the door, and tum outside.
0) 470) dialog: (Suddenly stops) Sister! My flute!
0) 472) dialog: But I have treasured it since I was a child.
0) 479) dialog: Which way, sister?
0) 552) dialog: (Listens) That voice is... HidetoraвЂ™s! As he hears the voice, Tsurumaru swings up his cane. His hair almost bristling with rage, his young and handsome f seems to intensify his wrath and the tragedy he has suffe Hidetora stares at the blind boy, then staggers back, shouting, trying to flee.
0) 572) dialog: No! (Gropes for her, taker her hand) Do not go! I do not want the flute anymore.
0) 574) dialog: Sister, I do not want to be alone again.
0) 576) dialog: Sister!