7) 138) dialog: I know. I think my family was expecting someone black. (CONTINUED )
7) 142) dialog: No, 1... It's nice to meet you. Suzanne's told me so much about you. I'm going to weave a basket or something and let you two visit. Aretha exits down the hall. Doris and Suzanne enter Suzanne's standard issue hospital room.
9) 10) dialog: What happened?
10) 2) dialog: Who died? Dottie laughs as she puts the flowers on the window- sill.
10) 8) dialog: Who are they from?
10) 10) dialog: Bullshit. Suzanne hands Aretha the note as proof. A look of Aretha is
10) 11) dialog: (continuing; reading) You are a warm and sensitive person. (looks up) He can tell all that from the contents of your stomach?
10) 21) dialog: Tell me about it. The last thing I remember doing was smoking dust in the office bathroom -- next thing I know, I'm handcuffed and in an ambulance.
10) 23) dialog: Apparently, I threatened to rob a liquor store. I didn't have a gun, though.
11) 0) text: All the junkies are in the television room on a brief afternoon break before group therapy. Carl, Sam, Bart, Aretha, Suzanne, Carol, Alex and Sid. They are all glued to the TV -~ rapt, 4 lost generation has found its favorite TV show.
13) 0) text: The junkies are playing volleyball. Sid, Aretha and Bart against Carl, Sam and Carol. Dottie supervises to one side on a blanket with a RADIO playing. MARK, a new resident junkie, pushes Suzanne in a swing. Mark is 18 years old and looks moderately insane. He has very bad skin and hair parted down the center.
21) 0) text: Suzanne stands outside with Aretha, looking in through the windows at the assembled guests. Suzanne is eating. Suzanne eats a lot now. Candy, potato chips, Coca Cola.
21) 2) dialog: He looks like that guy at the (AA) meeting.
21) 20) dialog: Soon, Mr. Harmon, very soon.
21) 22) dialog: What?
21) 33) dialog: The same can't be said for the rest of your family. What's the matter with your grandfather?
21) 37) dialog: He should go to a senility detox unit. They could send him to meetings with other Alzheimer victims.