6) 0) text: A woman is running down the hallway, wailing, every~ thing flying -~ purse, wig askew, blouse untucked, false eyelashes removed. Clearly this woman was caught mid-something for the apparent emergency. She is DORIS MANN, about 60, formerly beautiful and more than some- what currently. She was an enormous star in the 50's and 60's and bears that mark. o She is currently very upset, theatrically so. Cutting a wide swath as she makes her way down the hall -- things dropping out of her purse, mostly makeup ~- a pack of cigarettes. People watch her as she moves by moving aside to avoid impact. Doris Mann is very up- set. Perhaps she has lost a shoe.
6) 1) dialog: My baby, my baby. She is breathless. INT. EMERGENCY ROOM ~ SEVERAL HOURS LATER 1z Suzanne is unconscious following her procedure. She is still being monitored. An IV runs into her arm. Suzanne's mother, Doris Mann, has flung herself across her daughter's inert form. There is something childlike about Doris at the same time as she is theatrical. She is far from a monster as many stars from her generation have been depicted. She is tough, but at the same time, touching, almost adorable. She is a product of complete self-invention. Dirt poor to rich and famous. Though the following has a touch of theatricality about it, almost as though "done" for the two nurses ~~ there should be no doubt about Doris' sincere feelings and concern for Suzanne. Several NURSES try to comfort her.
6) 3) dialog: (not hearing, interrupting) How did this happen? I was a good mother. I had my career, but I was there. She had a happy childhood. I can prove it -- I have films. (CONTINUED )
6) 6) dialog: {interrupts ) Unlike her alleged father who was .- never there, just like he's not here now. Do you see her father here?
6) 8) dialog: Of course not, He's not here, that's why. I’mhere. That's who. Me. Her mother. (goes to tuck Suzanne in) At least she's sleeping now. (to Suzanne) You never could sleep, could you? (kisses her) That's my girl.
7) 112) dialog: Hello, darling. Julie and Suzanne look at each other.
7) 114) dialog: Hello, dear. (CONTINUED)
7) 118) dialog: Am I too late for the family thing?
7) 120) dialog: Oh, sugar, I didn't want to miss that -- how was it? Aretha hovers to one side, Bart and Allen behind.
7) 121) dialog: (continuing; doesn't wait for her reply) What's the matter with your hair?
7) 130) dialog: (to Bart) What number do you do?
7) 133) dialog: Oh, yes, boys... Nice meeting you.
7) 135) dialog: Sorry, dear. You know how much the queens like me. Suzanne, Aretha and Doris are walking down the hall to Suzanne's room.
7) 137) dialog: Oh, hello. How rude of me. I'm just so excited to see my daughter. Aretha. What an unusual name.
7) 141) dialog: Are you black?
8) 1) dialog: She seems very unusual. What did she say about blacks? Doris throws her bag on the bed and pulls out a pack of cigarettes. She looks around for an ashtray. Suzanne gets a paper cup, puts a small amount of water in it and hands it to Doris. Doris lights up, sits down and crosses her legs dramatically.
8) 3) dialog: Oh well, I'm glad you're making friends. Now, did you call Mort?
8) 5) dialog: Well, you should. You're supposed to start that movie.
8) 7) dialog: I don't think you should do it, and I'il tell you why. (CONTINUED)
8) 11) dialog: First, I don't think that this is a pivotal project in your career; two, you're going to need time to rest and explore; and C, I think you should change agents. f don't like what they're doing for you. Careers need planning. Your problem is you're too impatient. You're only interested in instant gratification.
8) 13) dialog: (not hearing her) But I don't want you to think about any of this now. I'm handling everything while you're in here. No pressure. I want you to feel absolutely clear -- nothing hanging over your head. Doris' eyes suddenly fill with tears.
8) 14) dialog: (continuing) Oh dear, look at me. I promised myself I wouldn't do this and now look. I didn't want you to see me upset. I hate getting upset. Tf just hate for you to go through this is all. I wish I could do it for you. I never wanted you to go through any pain. I tried so hard to shield you, protect you. I always worried that I'd lose you. That you'd be taken from me early.
8) 16) dialog: Golly, are you tough. Just Like Grandma. Always judging me. You've never forgiven me -~ 31. 17 (CONTINUED )
8) 20) dialog: You never let me talk, do you?
8) 22) dialog: Don't make fun of your Aunt Sylvia, dear. She was wonderful at character breakdown.
8) 24) dialog: You should try not to be so mad at me, dear. Suzanne is silent, rocking. Doris picks up some of Suzanne's underwear from her open suitcase on the floor.
8) 25) dialog: (continuing) Ah, I'll just rinse these out. I brought some Woolite packets. They're so handy for the road. Suzanne grabs her underwear from her mother's hands.
8) 27) dialog: I'm having some clothes and a quilt brought over tomorrow afternoon and your tape cassette thing for music. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
8) 30) dialog: Mary is coming over Sunday with a video machine and some tapes... and maybe a plant -~ it's so blah here, I don't know how you can stand it. Everything one color. Suzanne stands where her mother left her, not breath- ing, clutching her underwear.
10) 0) text: transformed with Doris’ additions. Satin and velvet quilt, pink tape deck, several plants, a trunk of clothes, etc. Suzanne is seated on the bed reading the "Big Book” of Alcoholics Anonymous. There is a TAP on the door and NURSE DOTTIE comes in with a huge bunch of flowers and a tiny stuffed dolphin tied to them.
12) 0) text: Hospital office. Julie sits at a desk with her chair facing Suzanne and Doris, who sit in other chairs. They have just begun a meeting. Julie has begun explaining something to Suzanne.
12) 8) dialog: We know that, dear. But these are businessmen who have no knowledge of creative personalities, Actors are not treated well, and actresses are treated like... Well, I hate to say the word, but... shit. Why, I remember when I was fifteen years old, Mr. Mayer called me in for a meeting and he was on the toilet, and we had to conduct the meeting with him on the toilet. You can be sure he wouldn't have done that to John Garfield.
12) 12) dialog: of course. She'll listen to you ~- you're not her mother. (CONTINUED)
12) 20) dialog: What comes around goes around, dear.
12) 30) dialog: She couldn't stay with her father anyway. He's worse than she is. {to Suzanne) Not that you're bad, dear.
12) 32) dialog: Dear, I lived with my mother and father 'til I was twenty-three, and we all shared one bathroom.
12) 35) dialog: She's just like me when I was her age. I did film after film. T never stopped. It was wonderful therapy after my divorce and my Miscarriages. O£ course, in those days, the material was better. (to Suzanne) I think, dear, to do a cop film at this point in your career is a poor choice. You've just done an interesting political film; don't you think now it would be wiser to relax and compose yourself like Julie suggests?
12) 40) dialog: You can have your old room.
12) 42) dialog: What do you say? No pain, no gain.
12) 44) dialog: Hefty? If anything you're too thin. Look at me -- my stomach ~~
12) 46) dialog: Well, I don't get your generation's humor half the time --
17) 3) dialog: I haven't been on this lot since tony Randall and I shot “The Ghost of Rubber Boot Farm" in 1952.
17) 5) dialog: Oh, that donkey! I even remember her name. Stella. Stella the donkey. Her trainer couldn't get her to do anything. Except pee. All it seemed to do was pee. f said where is it all coming from? It can't be the straw. Doris sees Suzanne.
17) 6) dialog: (continuing) Oh, hello, dear, surprise. Your old mother came to pick you up, see? Suzanne flushes in embarrassment at her mother's public persona. She gets into the car next to her mom. Ted sticks his head in through the window. Doris kisses Suzanne.
17) 8) dialog: No, she doesn't. I'm her driver. I'm her reason.
17) 14) dialog: You're a poet. "A fan, Miss Mann." You're a poet like my daughter. Have you heard my daughter talk yet? She's so verbal. Oh, of course, you've heard her talk; you're working with her.
17) 16) dialog: I'm embarrassing my daughter. She hates when I taik.
17) 20) dialog: Bye-bye, all.
18) 1) dialog: You shouldn't eat so much, dear. You're starting to look years older than yourself.
18) 3) dialog: You've made your point, dear. Don't let's fight. Well, how was your day, darling?
18) 8) dialog: I knew it. I knew you shouldn't do this film.
18) 10) dialog: I don't analyze like you do. It just felt wrong to me. I had a dream that it wasn't right. Suzanne rolls her eyes.
18) 11) dialog: (continuing) I know you don't take my dreams seriously; not even the one that predicted your kidney stone. You know, I had a dream the other night that I was drowning. Sinking to the bottom of the ocean, with a heavy sequined dress dragging me down,
18) 13) dialog: I'm not trying to alarm you, dear, Ifm just trying to prepare you. You know, I didn't want to tell you before, ‘cause you were in the Clinic and all that, but you know the hysterectomy I had?
18) 15) dialog: They found tumors.
18) 17) dialog: (nedding) Fibroid tumors.
18) 23) dialog: Usually. Usually it is normal. But you know, dear, in our family all the women die young. All have weak systems.
18) 25) dialog: Barely. And don't contradict me, dear. I'm trying to tell you I might not be here much longer. Tf don't want to alarm you, I just want to prepare you for my death.
18) 27) dialog: {not hearing her) It's important you understand how precious your life is. I left you my emeralds and the rehearsal hall in my will, so when I die, I can look down from heaven and watch you pay off your house. Although if you keep spending money like you do, I'm not going to leave you anything. Or if I do I'll leave it to you in trust.
18) 29) dialog: You should let Dr. Feldman look at you; maybe you have tumors. I had one the size of a grapefruit. (sighs) My own daughter won't even listen to me. If only you'd change back to my business manager, I bet you'd feel better. I certainly would.
18) 33) dialog: Don't even say that in jest, darling. Particularly right after you've gotten out of a drug Clinic. People might take it the wrong way.
19) 0) text: Doris and Suzanne drive up. Many cars are in the driveway. It looks as though there's a party going on.
19) 2) dialog: Surprise! I thought I'd invite a few people over to celebrate your coming home.
19) 4) dialog: All right, if you want me to, I‘1l go in there and tell them all to go home.
20) 2) dialog: {calls) My little girl is home!!! About twenty people or so stand around. Mostly friends of Doris. Also her friend Aretha from the clinic. Suzanne looks mortified. Her grandparents are there, PEARL and OWEN, as is her housekeeper/nanny, MARY, a black woman about the same age as her mother. Her grandmother is seventy-five. Suzanne's stepfather, Sid Roth, sits drinking and watching television. Sid essentially never speaks. Suzanne's grandmother, Pearl, is an extremely critical woman. Her grandfather, Owen, has the beginnings of Alzheimer's Disease, and doesn't quite know where he is, but has a general idea that he wishes that his wife (or whoever she is) wasn't there too.
22) 0) text: Suzanne stands in front of a cake of her face with candles around it. She blows out the candles, which had essentially made her hair look like it was on fire. Doris embraces her daughter proudly. Suzanne looks exhausted. A very gay-looking OLDER MAN starts up a chant.
22) 3) dialog: C'mon, sweetheart. Do one of your old numbers from my act.
22) 5) dialog: Just one number to please your old mother.
23) 0) text: Suzanne is standing next to the piano, singing. Doris' accompanist, ROGER, accompanies. Her voice is soulful, beautiful. She holds onto the piano for dear life. She is almost visibly trembling. She keeps her eyes trained on the ground. Doris’ face is a mixture of emotions from pride to envy. Sometimes she mouths the words to the song with her daughter. She occasionally shushes the other guests, even if they aren't talking. As Suzanne fin- ishes her ballad, Doris is in tears. Suzanne is miser- able. She finishes and gives her mother a helpless, caught look. The song she sings is a baliad like "If I Loved You," "Skylark" or "Better Luck Next Time," a yearning, sad song.
23) 4) dialog: That was lovely, dear. I don't know why you don't sing anymore.
23) 6) dialog: But you shouldn't be. You've got a terrific voice -- a terrific talent -~ a much bigger talent than mine. Now Gary starts another chant.
23) 8) dialog: No, no I couldn't. Really, it's my daughter's night.
23) 10) dialog: (to Suzanne) You think I should?
23) 12) dialog: All right. You sang for me; I'1l sing for you. (to Roger) "Gee But It's Good To Be Here" -- in A~flat. Doris wows them with her song, completely eclipsing Suzanne. She is a true performer -~ loving it, born to do it. Nerves of steel, she plays completely to the crowd. Suzanne watches. The room is electrified, whipped up as they can only be in the face of a great and true entertainer. (CONTINUED )
23) 15) dialog: (continuing) I've been to Reno I've been to Beverly Hills And I'm here. Reefer and vino I've done ‘em all and my dear, I'm still here. I've stood in bread lines with the best, Watched while the headlines did the rest. In the depression, was I depressed? Nowhere near. IZ got through all of last year, and I'm here. She finishes on top of the piano, the assembled company cheering. We HOLD on Suzanne's happyr defeated face. Doris casts a long shadow.
27) 2) dialog: Hello. May I help you?
27) 4) dialog: Jack. I'm Suzanne's mother. Was she expecting you?
27) 8) dialog: Come in, come in. f'11 call her. I'm sorry if I seem rude, but you know how protective mothers can « be. Did you say you had a ranch?
27) 10) dialog: Ah. All the way out in Malibu. How nice for you. Have you known Suzanne long?
27) 12) dialog: I know what you mean. I have actually known her a long time though. Her whole life. She's an interesting woman, don't you think? Authentic. Last month you met her? An old stepfather-looking guy, Suzanne's stepfather, Sid Roth, wanders down the hall and into the living room and turns on the TV.
27) 13) dialog: (continuing) Oh, good morning, dear. This is my husband, Sid Roth; Sid, this is Suzanne's little friend, Jim.
27) 15) dialog: Oh, there you are, dear. I was just coming to get you. Your friend is here. Suzanne glares slightly at her mother.
27) 20) dialog: (to Jack) My daughter wants to talk to me. Suzanne and Doris go into the kitchen. Jack stands awkwardly beside Sid, who continues watching TV.
28) 2) dialog: I was just coming to get you.
28) 4) dialog: What're you talking about?
28) 6) dialog: Dear, you're tired. You didn't get a lot of sleep.
28) 13) dialog: (interrupts) I didn't lift up my skirt, dear, it twirled up. You only remember the bad stuff, don't you, dear? What about the big band I got that played at that party? Do you remember that? No. You just remember that my skirt accidentally twirled up and that --
28) 15) dialog: I haven't overshadowed you! What have I done to deserve such a bitter daughter? It twirled up, Tf tell you! And that fellow just got here ~~ I was just coming to get you! And I don't care if he likes me or not!
28) 17) dialog: You always had to marry such shits. Why couldn't you have married that nice boy that wanted to marry you? That what's-his- name that I liked so much. (CONTINUED)
28) 21) dialog: Stories about you as a little girl! -~ and some stories about Hollywood -~ He asked me to tell them. At least Wally was a gentleman and not some sort of Make-out artist like your friend out there. With bedroom eyes.
31) 0) text: Suzanne opens the front door very quietly and shuts it very quietly behind her. She tiptoes gingerly down the fall, past the living room, where Doris Mann sits in the dark, smoking.
31) 1) dialog: (evenly) Have you any idea what time it is, dear? Suzanne jumps, startled.
31) 3) dialog: I suppose it never occurred to you that you might have scared me by staying out so late. I was about to call all the emergency rooms.
31) 9) dialog: What if you had taken drugs or something? I'm supposed to be taking care of you now. You're my responsibility. You're my daughter. What was I supposed to think when you didn't come home? Doris starts pouring herself another glass of wine. She looks up to see Suzanne watching her.
31) 10) dialog: (continuing) Do you mind if I have a drink?
31) 12) dialog: Dear, I drink socially.
31) 14) dialog: I hardly think my drinking can be compared with your drug taking, dear. And even if it could be, I think your involvement with drugs has vindicated me. I hardly think you're in a position to judge me.
31) 16) dialog: I hope you weren't out sleeping with someone.
31) 18) dialog: Well, if you were, I hope you used condoms. I didn't bring you up to act this way, but I hope if you are, that your morals are in question and not your judgment. (CONTINUED )
31) 24) dialog: (interrupts) I'm middle aged and you just got out of a drug clinic, so obviously. you don't know what's best for you.
31) 26) dialog: I think IT do, yes.
31) 28) dialog: How did we become so estranged, Suzanne? I have always tried to be a good mother to you, only to be met with this fresh, superior attitude of yours. You have felt my intellectual superior since you were fourteen years old -- and rightly so; you were always more verbal than I. Me. Whatever. But why have you turned away from me? I just want you to like me. I just want to be your friend.
31) 30) dialog: Well, you can accuse me of many things, but not of not being your mother. What is the thing that annoys you about me? Isn't it that I mother you? You know, dear, it's very hard to have a conversation with you. Do you hear how you're talking to me? Like I'm a moron.
31) 36) dialog: Every time I try to get close to you, you push me away... How would you like to have Joan Crawford for a mother? Or Lana Turner? I think you had it pretty good.
31) 38) dialog: You'll never Eorgive me for falling under the pressures of life. For not living up to the standards I set for myself. For being the person I am in your looking-glass, for not remaining that person ~- so I broke under the money pressure. If it wasn't for you, I would've killed myself.
31) 40) dialog: Just know how much I love you. Oh, I know, maybe you needed a different mother, one that baked cookies. I don't knit, I don't embroider, but I have always tried to give you the best and you throw it away. I came from nothing and made something out of my life. You came from somewhere and are trying to make nothing out of yours. You're going to have to get over what happened to you in your adolescence, dear. It's time £0 move on. Suzanne looks at her mother for an odd beat. There is some truth to what she says.
31) 41) dialog: (continuing) I want you to like me.
31) 45) dialog: That's for darn sure. Doris and Suzanne gaze at one another.
36) 0) text: Suzanne sneaks into the house quietly. The house is quiet. She tiptoes down a hallway lined with pictures of her mother with other celebrities -- younger -- in films -- plaques commemorating her, etc. She sneaks into her mother's room -- Sid is sleeping with the television on. Where is Doris?
37) 2) dialog: Who's there? Suzanne rolls her eyes. Great. Caught in the act and she didn't even do it. The light flips on and Doris stands there.
37) 4) dialog: Did you find it?
37) 8) dialog: Good. They eye each other. Suzanne exits. Doris follows.
38) 0) text: Doris and Suzanne enter.
38) 1) dialog: I have some news, dear.
38) 3) dialog: Don't be fresh, dear. Have you forgotten that you have looping this afternoon?
38) 5) dialog: How do you expect to get anywhere in this business if you don't show up? Dear, I have something... inevitable to tell you and I don’t want you to be angry at me for predicting it.
38) 7) dialog: Your beloved business manager, Mort Wiener, the man you insisted on staying with and the one T begged you to leave --
38) 12) dialog: I see no reason why you have to use language like that, dear. TI do wish you would try to avoid it. I£ for no other reason than I am starting to employ some of those words myself.
38) 14) dialog: Yes, darling?
38) 16) dialog: I know, dear. I'm not anxious to tell you, because I know how upset you'il be. I know how upset I am. Mort Wiener has disappeared.
38) 18) dialog: The police called here today to say that he couldn't be found and neither could any of his clients' money.
38) 20) dialog: I'm telling you everything I know, dear. I, of course, have contacted your stepfather's lawyer, Samuel Stone, who's terrific, and so he's on it now. But I’m afraid for the moment there's nothing more that we can do.
38) 26) dialog: Not broke, per se. Your salary for this film is still in escrow, pending your completing it without a hitch =~ thank God, and, of course, you have your New York apartment, that you own outright, | thanks to me. JI£ I'd left it up to Mort, the bank would own that place and then you'd really be strapped.
38) 28) dialog: It's no good feeling sorry for yourself, dear. You'll have to overcome these difficulties and you might as well do it with some style. You know, you could easily make an enormous amount of money if you'd only sing. You have a God-given talent that you just throw away. You could be as big a star as that... that Madonna girl. She hasn't got half your voice. I keep telling you, if you would only make an album, I could produce it. We could make one of those videos. Suzanne has heard this speech before and it drives her crazy. She might mouth some of the words as her mother recites them.
38) 30) dialog: Now let's take this one thing at a time. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
38) 34) dialog: First, everyone is always getting out of the business, and B, you're just like me. Some days I wake up and feel like I'm talking to my armpit.
38) 36) dialog: Stolen moments?! You've been feeling sorry for yourself half the time for having a monster of a mother like me. Everything about you says look what you've done to me --
38) 38) dialog: No, you don't say it; you're even too smart to think it. But, you feel it. You somehow lay the entire blame of your drug taking on me.
38) 40) dialog: Oh, sure, that's your logical brain telling you that, but in your heart you feel that I'm an... alcoholic and that's what's to blame for your... weakness, isn't it? silent.
38) 41) dialog: Go ahead, say it -- you think I'm an alcoholic! (CONTINUED)
38) 45) dialog: Well, maybe I was an alcoholic -- when you were a teenager. I had a. nervous breakdown when my marriage failed and I lost all that money. But I got over it. Now I just drink like an Irish person--
38) 47) dialog: Don't be fresh.
38) 49) dialog: Maybe you're just jealous, cause I gan drink and you can't take drugs anymore. I can handle it and you can't.
38) 51) dialog: (interrupts) My drinking doesn’t interfere with my work, like it did with you. My drinking doesn't interfere with my life.
38) 57) dialog: I cali this... You're sitting in judgement over me. What I do is my business. What I drink is my business.
38) 59) dialog: I'm your mother!
38) 61) dialog: I wish my mother had been as concerned about me when I was a girl.
38) 63) dialog: One closet! And she didn't beat me, she used a strap on me sometimes when I talked back to her. You're lucky you had me as a mother and not her -~- if you think I'm tough.
38) 65) dialog: And just what is that supposed to mean?
38) 67) dialog: No, tell me, this awful thing that I did to you when you were a child! I want to know. (CONTINUED)
38) 72) dialog: I gave you sleep eze! Over the counter medication and I gave it to you cause you couldn't sleep!!
38) 74) dialog: They're not sleeping pills, they're store bought -- perfectly safe! It's not fair to blame me for your drugs. I don't blame my mother for my misfortunes -- for my drinking.
38) 76) dialog: - Dear, I'm sorry if you think I Suzanne's hurt you. Everything I did, I did out of love for you. I may have done wrong sometimes. How can you do everything right? That time with the dress -- I'm ashamed of that. But what can I do? So, I made some mistakes, I'm human. You've never forgiven me for not being the perfect mother you thought you had before you were a teenager -- before my breakdown. eyes fill. This is true.
38) 78) dialog: I£ I did wrong giving you those pills, I'm sorry. How was I to know? We didn't have self-help books then like they do now. The only place I had to learn from was my own childhood. (CONTINUED)
38) 81) dialog: (continuing) Where are you going? Suzanne, come back here, I'm talking to you.
40) 0) text: Suzanne is feeling much better as she drives back to Doris'. The fever is broken. She is hopeful, inspired. Possibly the song “Don't Worry, Be Happy" is on the radio as she drives down Doris' street. At the end of the block, where Doris' house is, Suzanne notices lights. What is that? Police cars? No. Oh no. What's happening? Many people are in the street as Suzanne drives up. She rolls down her window and calls to a POLICEMAN.
43) 0) text: Suzanne enters. Doris looks tiny and frightened sitting in her bed. There is a bandage on her head. We are seeing her without her wig and makeup for the first time. She looks startled and vulnerable as Suzanne enters -- her eyes fill with tears. When she talks, she sounds very childlike and unaffected. Pearl sits on the bed near her looking victorious and smug. Sid sits watching TV, Owen sits playing solitaire or reading a Louis L'Amour novel. It is a tableau of vivid women and shadow men.
43) 4) dialog: Mother -~
43) 22) dialog: I£ I thought I made you feel like that, I'd kill myself.
43) 24) dialog: I suppose she means well.
43) 26) dialog: Yes. That's true, isn't it? Where did you go to?
43) 28) dialog: You don't really think that I don't want you to do well, do you, dear?
43) 34) dialog: I’m right about your doing a music video, too. Just wait and see. That's where your big success will come from. Oh, dear, there's blood on my wig and all my makeup has come off -- look at me. Dol - have any eyebrows left?
43) 37) dialog: I hate having no eyebrows. Ever, since the studio shaved them off and they never grew back. Suzanne goes through her purse.
43) 39) dialog: Are you less mad at me now?
43) 41) dialog: You know, dear, I'm really sort of... jealous of you. You know, because, well, it being your turn. It's your turn now and it's tough for me to face that mine is almost up. It's so important to enjoy your turn, dear. And it would help me so much to know that... one of us enjoyed her youth. Suzanne applies base on her mother's face ~~ avoiding her little bandage.
43) 42) dialog: (continuing) Do you have a mirror? Suzanne hands her a mirror. (CONTINUED)
43) 45) dialog: (continuing) Oh, my lord, look at me. Tsch, tsch, tsch. You know, I don't mind getting older -- I never thought I'd live this long ~~ but what I do mind is Iooking older. _- Do you have an eyebrow pencil? Suzanne hands her mother an eyebrow pencil.
43) 46) dialog: (continuing) It's in my will that they don't bury me without eyebrows. I don't go in the ground without them. Doris draws on her eyebrows. Suzanne brushes Doris' hair back in a knot. Doris pulls at the flesh under her chin.
43) 47) dialog: (continuing) Maybe I should have that lyposuction under here...
43) 49) dialog: I figured. The Enquirer, I bet. The Star.
43) 51) dialog: Doris Mann, still distraught over divorce from Tony Vale twenty-five years ago, attempts suicide with lethal oak. Both are laughing. Doris applies lipstick. She is beginning to look like her old young self. Suzanne ties a scarf around her head -- turban~like, concealing the bandage.
43) 55) dialog: At least. Doris turns and faces Suzanne. She looks like Doris again.
43) 56) dialog: (continuing) How do I look?
43) 58) dialog: Not bad for an old-timer. Never let them see you ache -- that's what Mr. Mayer used to say. (she frowns) Or was it ass? Never let them see your ass. Anyway -- get your old mother her shoes, dear. Suzanne gets her mother's shoes.
43) 59) dialog: (continuing) Okay, baby, let's go get ‘em. Suzanne opens the door. Doris walks toward her, finishing her hair.
43) 60) dialog: (continuing) You know what my mother said to me yesterday? She said that I put on airs, that I use big words like devastate and gesture. I don't think those are so awfully big, do you?
43) 62) dialog: What am I supposed to do? Sound like a hick all my life just to make her happy? Doris walks to the door. Owen sings.
43) 66) dialog: Oh, well, compared to the end of the world. It seems to take a erisis to bring us together lately. sID Like war buddies. - Doris and Suzanne exchange a look. Who said that?
44) 0) text: Doris emerges and strides down the hall. She is met by police and press. Suzanne watches her from a slight distance, impressed. She is joined by the emergency room doctor -- JESSE.