7) 0) text: Suzanne wakes up, horrified, sweating from her drean. A therapist, JULIE, is standing at the edge of her bed. She is middle-aged, dressed rather youthfully, with dark hair and very long red nails. She smokes Lucky Strikes. She is the queen bee in this rehabili- tation hive. She carries a pad and pencil.
7) 5) dialog: (briskly) I'm Julie Marsden, Director of the Dawn o£ New Hope Rehabilitation Program. I'm here to admit you.
7) 7) dialog: Your blood work was done up in the emergency room the other night. Since you've been basically sleeping since then —— we're going to have to find out a couple of things before we officially admit you to the unit.
7) 9) dialog: All right, we'll start. She refers to her notes on a clipboard, as she sits in a chair at the end of Suzanne's bed.
7) 10) dialog: (continuing) Approximately how long have you been a drug addict? Suzanne looks at Julie blankly.
7) 12) dialog: You've admitted yourself into a drug and alcohol rehabilitation unit. Surely that implies some sort o£ drug problem.
7) 18) dialog: (raises her eyebrows) I see. And did you?
7) 20) dialog: Take it seriously?
7) 22) dialog: Did you deliberately try to take your Life?
7) 24) dialog: You know, kill yourself, suicide, overdose. Suzanne is affronted.
7) 26) dialog: I'm sorry if my question offends you, but having to have your stomach pumped indicates fairly suicidal behavior. (CONTINUED)
7) 32) dialog: Do you always have to be funny?
7) 34) dialog: (interrupts) You're going to have to learn to handle a reality without drugs.
7) 36) dialog: Everybody has their own particular reality. Only you can identify yours.
7) 38) dialog: Why did you go into show business, then? (CONTINUED)
7) 44) dialog: I want you to know that I know you're seared and that this is the place to handle it. eyes fill with tears.
7) 46) dialog: What did you want to do?
7) 48) dialog: That's very different isn't it.
7) 50) dialog: That's your first step to recovery -- is to recognize that you don't know. That your best thinking got you into an emergency room. But we've all been there. Here we're all recovering addicts and alcoholics. I've been clean for thirteen years. Off heroin.
7) 98) dialog: That was very good, Suzanne. Anger makes you eloquent. You showed genuine feeling for the first time here.
7) 100) dialog: Why are you so afraid of feeling in yourself? SOZANNE. (uncomfortable) I'm a better thinker than a feeler, I guess. I'm just leading with my strength.
7) 101) dialog: Maybe this strength just hides a weakness.
7) 103) dialog: Where were your parents tonight? (CONTINUED)
7) 109) dialog: Deal with your feelings, Suzanne -~ before they deal with you.
7) 111) dialog: You know, Suzanne, alcoholism is not the problem, it is the solution -~ but until you remove this solution, you can't see clearly what the problem is. This anger isn’t about me. Who are you really angry with? We hear Doris call gaily from down the hall.
12) 0) text: Hospital office. Julie sits at a desk with her chair facing Suzanne and Doris, who sit in other chairs. They have just begun a meeting. Julie has begun explaining something to Suzanne.
12) 4) dialog: So the upshot of the whole thing is that, having been so recently in a clinic, you're a very high risk for a movie.
12) 6) dialog: The director isn't the problem. It's the insurance company. They refuse to cover you in the event you do drugs (and alcohol).
12) 11) dialog: Miss Mann, maybe I'd better handle this.
12) 17) dialog: Unfortunately, other actresses and actors have not come to work due to a drug and alcohol problem, and it's cost the insurance company 4 lot of money. Try to see it from their point of view.
12) 19) dialog: There is a difference between punishment and accepting the consequences of our actions.
12) 22) dialog: Suzanne, if you'll let me finisher you'll see it's not all bad news,
12) 24) dialog: I talked to the insurance company this morning and they've agreed to cover you if you stay with a responsible party for the duration of the film.
12) 26) dialog: It's not quite that extreme, Suzanne. They thought it would be appropriate to stay with one or both parents ~~ since your father lives in New York, your mother said you could stay with her. (CONTINUED)
12) 33) dialog: Suzanne, maybe it would be better to wait a couple of months to go back to work. Go to your AA meetings and when you're feeling better equipped to deal with the world...
12) 39) dialog: You understand the conditions for doing this film, then? For the duration of the film, you stay at your mother's.
12) 48) dialog: Then I suggest you get one.