0) 47) dialog: Don't be silly. It was terrific up to that point.
0) 49) dialog: You're one of the few actresses I know that doesn't like acting. And you're so good at it. (CONTINUED)
0) 52) dialog: You should be a grip.
0) 54) dialog: You bet. FIRST A.D. Everybody get back to one. We're going again. The SOUNDMAN comes and checks Suzanne's body mike as she talks to Lowell.
0) 59) text: Lowell has gone over to the video TV and is watching the take on video.
0) 69) dialog: It was very good, Raoul. This time, you know, when you Say Miss DuBois -- try not to punch it quite as hard. Be more victorious with your discovery than ominous. You're plenty ominous as it is. -
0) 73) dialog: (lew, to Suzanne) T£ you fuck up my movie, I'll kill you.
0) 75) dialog: (interrupts, angry} You know exactly what I mean. And so does everybody else on this set. I don't care what you do to your body on your time. But this is my time. My movie. I care about what I do. I work very hard to get good resuits and I don't intend to let some spoiled, selfish, coked up little actress ruin my movie. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
0) 78) dialog: Now, there are a lot of people here trying to work together to make this a good movie. I expect you to pull yourself together for these last couple of days on this film and work with us or... I'll kill you. I'll kill you before you kill yourself. And I'll doa better job ‘cause you're so out of it you'd probably even botch that up. Now, do you think you can do the scene straight through this time? Suzanne just looks at him, humiliated and dumbfounded.
0) 79) dialog: (continuing) Try to use the humiliation in the scene, it'll give you more depth. Use your vulnerability instead o£ making jokes to cover it up. Or taking drugs. One more hit of cocaine on this picture and I'm going to make sure that everyone in this town who doesn't already know, knows what a fuck up you are. I'll ruin you forever. And then I'11 kill you.
0) 81) dialog: (continuing) Okay, everybody, back to one, we'll give it another try. ing hard at being invisible.
0) 82) dialog: {continuing) And you, what's your name?
0) 84) dialog: Perfect. Cindy. What was the one Belushi had? Kathy Smith. Cindy -- get off this set and don't come back. I£ I catch you on this set supplying her with drugs again, t'll drop a dime on you. [f'll call the police. He spots Suzanne's stand-in standing to one side work- (CONTINUED)
0) 87) dialog: (continuing) [. think that's everything. Anybody else want to be arrested or killed before we wrap this picture? No one replies, probably don't. but the general feeling is that they
0) 88) dialog: (continuing) Then let's do the shot.
0) 91) dialog: be sorry, be sober. Let's
39) 0) text: Lowell sits behind a table with two other men -~ the editor and the sound editor. The room is in semi- darkness. There is a music stand with some script pages on it under a microphone. Also on the music stand are some headphones. Suzanne enters, slightly bedraggled and harassed.
39) 2) dialog: What're you sorry for?
39) 4) dialog: No, as a matter of fact, you're early. We weren’t expecting you for another half an hour.
39) 6) dialog: Yes, it's okay now. Lowell pushes an intercom button.
39) 9) dialog: (continuing) Victor, Miss Vale is here, could we put up her reels now, please. (back to Suzanne) There now, wasn't that simple? Suzanne, this is our editor, Phil Hartley, and our sound editor, Elliot Morse. Suzanne and Phil and Elliot shake hands and exchange greetings. Suzanne continues to look uncomfortable as the scene progresses. As though she had sand in her soul.
39) 11) dialog: Thank you, Victor. {to Suzanne) Well, shall we begin?
39) 13) dialog: You're really much better in the film than you deserve to be. Suzanne looks distressed and nods.
39) 15) dialog: Well... you seem -- better now.
39) 17) dialog: Better because you're sober and --
39) 19) dialog: Yes. But worse in a good way.
39) 24) dialog: That's as good as it got all day. We didn't get one full take after that. You only got progressively worse.
39) 26) dialog: Don't be sorry... fix it.
39) 33) dialog: Let's look at it. The film is run again. This time with the sound cor~ rection. It is “perfect.” Normal. It has an odd effect on Suzanne. Her eyes fill with tears. She controls herself and looks down.
39) 34) dialog: (continuing) Lucky for you we can cut away to the guard. Lowell looks over and notices that Suzanne is more than somewhat upset. He very quietly sends the two editors away -~ clearing the room. Lowell moves to Suzanne.
39) 35) dialog: (continuing) What could possibly be the matter? Here you've gone back and corrected the past -- at least in your work. What could be a better metaphor? It couldn't be something I said.
39) 37) dialog: So, what is it? Do you want me to abuse you more?
39) 39) dialog: What are you doing now?
39) 45) dialog: The trouble with you is you've had it easy and you don't even know it.
39) 47) dialog: You're not going to get too much sympathy from anyone. Do you know how many people would give their right arm to be in show business? To lead the kind of life you lead?
39) 49) dialog: I don't really know what's happening with your mother, but maybe she will stop mothering you when you grow up.
39) 51) dialog: No, but I know you. You could make a mother out of anybody. Look, your mother did it to you and her mother did it to her and back and back and back all the way to Eve and at some point you have to just stop it and say, "Fuck it, I start with me."
39) 57) dialog: I was working on it when you came in. If£ you'd come a half an hour later when you were supposed to T could have made it better.
39) 59) dialog: You just like it ‘cause it sounds a little like movie dialogue.
39) 61) dialog: Look, look up on the screen. See what you can do? And you weren't even conscious then. Imagine what you could do now.
39) 63) dialog: Speaking of art? Look, growing up is a process, not an event. It's not like in the movies, where you have a realization and your life changes. In life you have a realization and your life changes a month or so later. Lowell and Suzanne look at each other. They look
39) 65) dialog: Of course, it all depends on the realization. Some of them, you only have to wait a couple weeks, maybe. at each other. How did this happen?
39) 66) dialog: (continuing) It's better out here coping than in the clinic giving up -~ ‘cause you'll end up out here coping eventually anyway. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
39) 69) dialog: So why not start now? Anyway, you can't go back into the hospital, I have a job for you.
39) 71) dialog: Well, it doesn't start for 4 couple of months, so you have Plenty of time to have your realization, grow up, and leave your mother. Although I must admit I was a little taken aback when you did a second rate cop film after you worked with me.
39) 73) dialog: I know everything... Except. He looks at her.
39) 75) dialog: You know. Suzanne smiles and nods slowly.