7) 53) dialog: I'd like to say it's nice to be here, Jim, but...
7) 55) dialog: Of course it's not pleasant, but Carol feels that it's important for me to participate, so I come.
7) 57) dialog: Of course not. It's just that, as you know, this is Carol's second visit with you people and the first time I came down here happily. Carol laughs ironically and rolls her eyes. Suzanne watches Rob and Carol intently. (CONTINUED)
7) 65) dialog: (confrontive) What, Carol?
7) 67) dialog: That's not true, dear. Tf specifically remember you noticing how involved I was last time. This time, admittedly, I'm not quite as enthusiastic. I have a lot more work that is impossible to interrupt as easily as last time and I know I don’t have to remind you that when we married we had an understanding that my work came first. You said that you could live with that arrangement. You know how important it is for me to devote a lot of time to my job in order to do well. And certainly you benefit from my success. Don't I give you everything you want? Don't we live in a nice house? All I ask from you in return is a little support and some peace and quiet while I read my scripts on Sunday. As this dialogue continues, the group looks very uncom fortable, squirming in their seats, particularly the women, and most particularly, Suzanne. (CONTINUED )
7) 72) dialog: What? Tell me, Carol. I'm not a mind reader. I'm sorry I'm not able to be more attentive while you're in here. Didn't we go to Barbados last year for Christmas? Didn't I say you could re-decorate the house this year? But now, in light of the expense of the clinic, I'm not sure if that's still feasible.
7) 79) dialog: I don't really see how this process is of any benefit at all. Publicly airing one's difficulties ~~ (CONTINUED )
7) 85) dialog: Good evening. Jim stands to one side, watching. The rest of the junkies look on breathlessly or not.
7) 86) dialog: (continuing) Well? Carol watches fearfully from Suzanne's seat. Suzanne starts out haltingly and gains confidence as she continues.
14) 0) text: Several camera equipment and wardrobe trucks, prop truck, makeup and hair truck, toilet truck, catering truck, and one long trailer which contains six com- partments. These are the artists’ dressing rooms, all with names on the doors. Among the names are the stars' names, ROBERT MUNCH and SUZANNE VALE. We see a car approaching from a distance as we watch the hum and activity of the film set organizing for its first day. The station wagon that has been approaching now drives up. Suzanne is in the back seat with wet hair. The car is met by a young man with a beard, TED, carrying a walkie-talkie.
15) 20) dialog: {testily) We've met. Rob remains as aloof as possible considering the tight quarters.
32) 0) text: Suzanne and Robert Munch are in a car driving frantic- ally, Robert has been shot in the arm. Blood oozes. Suzanne is shooting a gun out the window at a car that is pursuing. The car that Robert and Suzanne are in is on a platform being towed by a camera truck. The camera and crew on the truck film the scene. Robert and Suzanne have a conversation above the din of the scene.