6) 0) text: A woman is running down the hallway, wailing, every~ thing flying -~ purse, wig askew, blouse untucked, false eyelashes removed. Clearly this woman was caught mid-something for the apparent emergency. She is DORIS MANN, about 60, formerly beautiful and more than some- what currently. She was an enormous star in the 50's and 60's and bears that mark. o She is currently very upset, theatrically so. Cutting a wide swath as she makes her way down the hall -- things dropping out of her purse, mostly makeup ~- a pack of cigarettes. People watch her as she moves by moving aside to avoid impact. Doris Mann is very up- set. Perhaps she has lost a shoe.
9) 4) dialog: If they're going to get real people for these things, they should at least get interesting real people.
11) 0) text: All the junkies are in the television room on a brief afternoon break before group therapy. Carl, Sam, Bart, Aretha, Suzanne, Carol, Alex and Sid. They are all glued to the TV -~ rapt, 4 lost generation has found its favorite TV show.
13) 0) text: The junkies are playing volleyball. Sid, Aretha and Bart against Carl, Sam and Carol. Dottie supervises to one side on a blanket with a RADIO playing. MARK, a new resident junkie, pushes Suzanne in a swing. Mark is 18 years old and looks moderately insane. He has very bad skin and hair parted down the center.
21) 0) text: Suzanne stands outside with Aretha, looking in through the windows at the assembled guests. Suzanne is eating. Suzanne eats a lot now. Candy, potato chips, Coca Cola.
36) 0) text: Suzanne sneaks into the house quietly. The house is quiet. She tiptoes down a hallway lined with pictures of her mother with other celebrities -- younger -- in films -- plaques commemorating her, etc. She sneaks into her mother's room -- Sid is sleeping with the television on. Where is Doris?
43) 0) text: Suzanne enters. Doris looks tiny and frightened sitting in her bed. There is a bandage on her head. We are seeing her without her wig and makeup for the first time. She looks startled and vulnerable as Suzanne enters -- her eyes fill with tears. When she talks, she sounds very childlike and unaffected. Pearl sits on the bed near her looking victorious and smug. Sid sits watching TV, Owen sits playing solitaire or reading a Louis L'Amour novel. It is a tableau of vivid women and shadow men.