25) 3) dialog: Hello, darling.
25) 6) dialog: Oh, no, no, no. It's nothing really. They just... the producers saw the rushes last night and had some rather interesting notes. Roger gives Suzanne one last spritz, sees that Simon wants to talk to Suzanne privately and discreetly re- moves himself. Suzanne tries to seem calm.
25) 8) dialog: Now, don't take it the wrong way. I saw them this morning and you were fine.
25) 10) dialog: (emphatically) It was your first day, absolutely. I couldn't agree with you more. The producers simply felt you should have fun with it. (he smiles) Just have more fun with it, that's all.
25) 14) dialog: Now, now. I think they had some very interesting comments. Maybe I'm not saying it properly. What I think they meant is that you could own your performance. Make it more your own. Just sort of have fun. Suzanne stares at her feet.
25) 16) dialog: (patiently) Now, Suzanne, you shouldn't be in this business if you can't take criticism. Suzanne stares at her feet.
25) 18) dialog: I know you can do this part. Just relax into it. Be yourself and you'll be wonderful. Simon kisses the top of Suzanne's head and walks off to talk to BUDDY, the D.P., as Ted arrives with a can of Diet Coke.
25) 48) dialog: Can't you get her into a girdle or something?
25) 50) dialog: All right, all right -- anything. Just try to do something. And we're going to have tO put her in pants instead of shorts. The tops of her legs are very... Simon trails off, searching for a polite term for the tops of bad legs. Suzanne stops chewing, in suspense. Somehow she knows they are talking about her.
25) 52) dialog: I do wish we could get her to stop eating so much. But then, I suppose having just given up drugs, she has to do something. Maybe we could get her to start smoking. (CONTINUED)
25) 58) dialog: Cheat the angle somehow, I suppose. Her breasts are rather .. out of shape, aren't they?
25) 60) dialog: How unpleasant. Well, perhaps you should purchase some sort of camisole or something. JI had no idea when I hired her that she was this... out of shape. Though, I suppose we couldn't have gotten her if she was still... in her prime.
25) 62) dialog: I suppose you're right. It's sad, isn't it, really. She was so good in “A Night Full Of Shoes." Well, I hope all this isn't too much trouble for your wardrobe department. I'm almost sorry we didn’t get Valerie Rogers, at this point.
25) 64) dialog: Yes. Well, Alma... I must get back. Thank you.
25) 91) dialog: Hello, darling. What's the problem?
25) 93) dialog: (affronted) Really? Hundreds of people? That shouldn't be. I'll have to have a word with them.
25) 97) dialog: That's it! This is exactly her! This is the quality I want for your character. Right there. What you're doing now. See?
32) 7) dialog: Cut!