0) 50) text: The crew has started wandering around. Suzanne invisibly signals her stand-in, a girl barely notice- able, standing by a camera.
9) 0) text: Converted room where all the windows have been shut and the lights are out. The junkies are watching a drug VIDEO called "Hooked On A Line" about cocaine addiction. All the junkies are present.
10) 0) text: transformed with Doris’ additions. Satin and velvet quilt, pink tape deck, several plants, a trunk of clothes, etc. Suzanne is seated on the bed reading the "Big Book” of Alcoholics Anonymous. There is a TAP on the door and NURSE DOTTIE comes in with a huge bunch of flowers and a tiny stuffed dolphin tied to them.
13) 0) text: The junkies are playing volleyball. Sid, Aretha and Bart against Carl, Sam and Carol. Dottie supervises to one side on a blanket with a RADIO playing. MARK, a new resident junkie, pushes Suzanne in a swing. Mark is 18 years old and looks moderately insane. He has very bad skin and hair parted down the center.
14) 0) text: Several camera equipment and wardrobe trucks, prop truck, makeup and hair truck, toilet truck, catering truck, and one long trailer which contains six com- partments. These are the artists’ dressing rooms, all with names on the doors. Among the names are the stars' names, ROBERT MUNCH and SUZANNE VALE. We see a car approaching from a distance as we watch the hum and activity of the film set organizing for its first day. The station wagon that has been approaching now drives up. Suzanne is in the back seat with wet hair. The car is met by a young man with a beard, TED, carrying a walkie-talkie.
14) 1) dialog: Yep, she just got here. I'11 show her to her trailer. {to Suzanne) I'm Ted, designed to make your life a more annoying place to he.
14) 5) dialog: (laughs) Then we ought to get along great. ved Leads Suzanne to the long trailer with the row of doors. Each door has a name on it.
14) 6) dialog: (continuing; indicating door) And this, of course, is your...
14) 8) dialog: I was going to say resting place.
15) 1) dialog: Hopefully it won't end like this; it'll just middle.
15) 5) dialog: I know what'll cheer you up. The producer is coming to see you. I mean, one of the producers.
15) 7) dialog: Three. The Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.
15) 12) dialog: (to Joe) Morning, sir. {to Suzanne) So, can I tell them you're about ready?
15) 38) dialog: We're about ready for a line-up.
15) 42) dialog: I think you've got this film confused with a big budget film. The lower the budget, the fewer the rehearsals, the worse the food. Get the picture?
16) 2) dialog: Your mom's here. Suzanne gives her reflection a perplexed look.
17) 7) dialog: So I take it you don't need your driver, Miss Vale.
17) 10) dialog: A pleasure, Miss Mann. I'ma huge fan. (CONTINUED)
17) 18) dialog: (to Suzanne) You know your call for tomorrow, right?
22) 0) text: Suzanne stands in front of a cake of her face with candles around it. She blows out the candles, which had essentially made her hair look like it was on fire. Doris embraces her daughter proudly. Suzanne looks exhausted. A very gay-looking OLDER MAN starts up a chant.
24) 0) text: The party has dispersed. Suzanne has miraculously escaped. She enters and closes the door behind her, looking enormously exhausted and relieved. She moves to the sink intending to prepare for bed. A voice startles her from a chair in the corner of the room.
25) 19) dialog: Nutrasweets for the sweet. (CONTINUED)
25) 24) dialog: You ought to be an assistant director if you want to sample the motherlode of contempt. And preferably a second assistant director. Ted takes Suzanne's arm.
25) 25) dialog: {continuing) We need to get you touched up. You're in the next shot. Ext. BACK LOT OF STUDIO - THAT AFTERNOON 36 Suzanne is headed to the prop truck. She moves through the warm hum of the crew as they check lights, change lenses, position extras. She is humming "Gee But It's Good To Be Here" as she arrives at the prop truck for her Diet Coke. As she rounds the corner of the truck heading for the metal steps at the back, Suzanne almost collides with NEIL BLEENE, the youngest of the producers.
30) 0) text: Jack and Suzanne in heated embrace. Passionate. Jack attempts to go further. Suzanne resists.
43) 0) text: Suzanne enters. Doris looks tiny and frightened sitting in her bed. There is a bandage on her head. We are seeing her without her wig and makeup for the first time. She looks startled and vulnerable as Suzanne enters -- her eyes fill with tears. When she talks, she sounds very childlike and unaffected. Pearl sits on the bed near her looking victorious and smug. Sid sits watching TV, Owen sits playing solitaire or reading a Louis L'Amour novel. It is a tableau of vivid women and shadow men.