2) 1) text: Drab, cramped living room sullied with the rubble of an a night party. A pile of THREE NAKED BODIES passed out on t floor. Woman's SNORES over a radiator's wheeze. SUPER: "Two Months Later. Moscow, Soviet Union" Sandwiched between two plump BRITISH CHICKS is NATE NASH, 30-something American with the wolfish, hardboiled good l of a prizefighter. Unkempt, counter-culture vibe. Waking up, Nate squints at his watch: 8:47am -- shit. He wiggles free and gathers his clothes.
3) 1) text: In a brown corduroy suit, blue Lacoste shirt and military boots, Nate turns the sink on, vigorously splashes his fa On the counter: a new bar of soap and bottle Chanel perfu He sticks both in his jacket. The plump chick's panties a bra hang over the tub. Nate pockets those too.
4) 1) text: Nate pops a couple of Dexedrine with some water --- then grabs a half-eaten steak, four eggs, apples from the frid
5) 1) text: We suddenly hear the Rolling Stones' "Jiving Sister Fanny kick in --- as Nate exits the building next to the Britis Embassy wearing a bucket hat and mirrored aviators. Storm clouds rolling in, he flips his collar up, heads fo the gate. The EMBASSY SOLDIERS glare -- which Nate return with a snarky grin.
6) 1) text: MUSIC CONTINUING --- Outside the gate is a checkpoint gua by FOUR SOVIET MILITIAMEN. As Nate passes through, he smo shifts into a hungover stagger. Nate snap scans the street, casually clocks a VOLGA idlin down the block, two guys in the front seat. 6. Lumbering down the sidewalk, Nate suddenly keels over aga the wall and covertly sticks his finger down his throat.
7) 1) text: MUSIC CONTINUING --- KGB#1 and KGB#2 chuckle as they watc Nate puke then head to his car, a beat-up, tangerine Zhig
8) 1) text: Nate listens to the Stones off a jerry-rigged 8-track tap player as he drives the drab and dreary streets. He crack the eggs over his mouth, swallows them whole -- powering Sunday morning traffic, easy for Nate to clock his KGB coverage: a rotation of 24 VEHICLES floating around him. Nate memorizes characteristics of each car: dinged bumper the Volga, mismatched tire on the Lada van, etc...
8) 2) dialog: (mumbling to himself) Fred and Barney in the dinged rear bumper. Tom and Jerry, oddball tire -- Stopping at a red light, Nate's about to take a bite of s when the Volga behind him lurches forward and rear ends h hurling Nate into the steering wheel... Fucking pissed, Nate whips back to look at the smiling KG and KGB#4. Has to restrain himself from stomping ass.
8) 3) dialog: Fucking cocksuckers in the Volga...
9) 1) text: The music ends as Nate parks his car, gets out and enters the Sandunovsky Banya.
10) 1) text: KGB#5 and #6, already in towels, sit on the bench behind Nate as he disrobes, puts his gear into his locker. Weari his bucket hat and towel, Nate leaves, KGB agents trailin A beat later, more KGB AGENTS rush to Nate's locker. KGB# has a key, opens it and they rifle through his things. KG pulls the perfume, sprays it, smells -- pockets it. KGB#7 pulls the bra and panties out, holds them up. The c gazes at them like they're looking into the face of god. KGB#9 swipes the panties from KGB#7. A tussle busts out -
11) 0) text: A large Banya steamroom packed to the hilt with Muscovite sweating it out, shooting the shit. Nate sits on the 2nd tier bench, boiling down good, KGB on either side of him.
11) 1) dialog: (turns to KGB on right) So the KGB, the GRU and the CIA all think they're the world's best rabbit catchers. To settle the matter, they have a contest --- see how long it takes each team to catch the rabbit. The CIA is up first. They charge into their forest and pay off all the animals, place informants throughout, vector every inch with satellites -- and after 3 months of working it, the CIA concludes that the rabbit doesn't exist. Next, the GRU team goes into their forest and after a week with no leads they get fed up and just drop a nuke on the whole place, fucking vaporize everything, including the rabbit. No apologies. Fuck the rabbit, he had it coming. Then, finally the KGB's team goes into their forest --- and they come out 10 minutes later with this big old bear who's clearly had the living shit kicked out him --- missing his teeth, an eye, bleeding out of his ass --- and the bear's screaming: "Okay! Okay! I'm the fucking rabbit! I'm the rabbit!" Nate explodes with crazy laughter and to his delighted surprise everyone in the steam joins him... Everyone but KGBs --- who struggle not to laugh. Nate tosses KGB#5 his bar of soap --- marches out of the steam.
12) 1) text: Dark clouds loom. Nate ambles down the sidewalk toting an umbrella, hyper-aware but feigning indifference. A BIG-NO MAN averts his eyes as Nate walks past. Boom, motherfucke just got made. Nate approaches a CINEMA with "One Flew Over The Cuckoo' Nest" on the marquee.
13) 0) text: An over-packed old theater --- VIEWERS sit in the aisles, stand against the walls. KGB#7&8 sit a few rows behind Na All eyes on the last scene when the Chief kills McMurphy. Credits roll, APPLAUSE. Everyone shuffles to the exit simultaneously, creating a dense mob of bodies. KGB#7 and #8 lose Nate, panic, shove through the crowd.
14) 0) text: Light rain. KGB#¥9 & #10 in their car across from the the watching the crowd exit. KGB#9 lifts a UV scope to his ey POV SCOPE: checking people's feet --- among the bustle, a pair of shoes glows. PAN UP to see the back of Nate in th rush as he opens his umbrella. In a panic KGB#7 & #8 emerge from theater, hurry to the V
15) 0) text: SERIES OF QUICK CUTS: Nate moving down rainy avenues, bac streets, etc. Making sure he's clean of surveillance. He turns down an alley, disappears behind a tall wood fence A LOADING DOCK FOR A BUTCHER. Nate pulls two garbage bags from a trash can. He opens one: a scrub brush and soap bo Looping a hose off the awning, Nate showers, naked and shivering -- furiously scrubbing his skin, nails, scalp.. Nate then opens the second bag, pulls out a towel, a new of clothes and shoes --- and a set of car keys.
16) 1) text: Nate in another car, a Lada. Pops a couple more Dexedrine QUICK SERIES OF CUTS: Nate driving through choke points, across bridges, switch-backing -- every detection move in the book... Nothing suspicious. He sold it, they bought i he's black.
17) 1) text: Nate cautiously approachs a desolate apartment block with messenger bag slung from his shoulder --- Situational awareness peaking, pulse racing, Nate snap-sc the street for anything suspect --- doesn't see anything. enters the building.
18) 0) text: Nate enters the dimly-lit room, descends the steps, appro another door. KNOCKS softly. And from behind Nate a VOICE
18) 3) dialog: 15 hours. Been black for the last 5. Satisfied, Korch cracks a warm smile and pulls Nate into big, soul-brother bear hug and plants a big kiss on his c
18) 5) dialog: Me too, chico ---
19) 0) text: Korch ushers Nate into a modest janitor apartment, remove Nate's jacket, hangs it over a radiator and then SETS A COOKING TIMER FOR TWO HOURS. Nate opens his bag, pulls out a shrink-wrapped Russian transistor radio, hands it to Korch. 10.
19) 1) dialog: Inside you'll find batteries for the BUSTER, one time pads, new comm protocols ---
19) 3) dialog: Old Rip Van Winkle. Finest Kentucky bourbon available to mankind ---
19) 5) dialog: Cash, Elvis and my own contribution, Lee Hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra. You're gonna love it, trust me.
19) 8) dialog: Yeah? Why?
19) 10) dialog: He's got a show up at the Hilton in Las Vegas. You and I could be there by August. Just say the word. 11.
19) 12) dialog: No way. We save business for last. That's the rule.
19) 14) dialog: Upset about what?
19) 22) dialog: They all wanted a better life?
19) 24) dialog: You think he'd see you as a traitor?
19) 26) dialog: So are you. You're betraying your government in order to save your people --- Korch finds strength in the conviction in Nate's eyes.
19) 28) dialog: Not much to say. I was a mistake to the man. A bad beat. Only met once.
19) 31) dialog: This is too much. You shouldn't be drawing so much exposure ---
19) 33) dialog: But for how much longer? You've had a spectacular, improbable run. Your contribution is impossible to measure. (beat) You've given us enough.
19) 35) dialog: Yeah, I'd be shit-canned for sure. But I don't want you to end up being burned alive like Penkovsky.
19) 37) dialog: Then let me get you out, we'll set you up with a beautiful new life. You should enjoy the time you have left.
19) 39) dialog: Me?
19) 42) dialog: Listen, Vlad ---
19) 44) dialog: I don't know --- who the fuck has time to think about that shit?
19) 47) dialog: You know I can't take that.
20) 0) text: Nate exits the building into the misty night. 3:30AM, cit asleep -- he crosses the street and heads down the block. HEADLIGHTS turn onto the street, cruising towards him -- PATROL CAR with TWO MILITIAMEN. Nate shifts to a drunk shuffle. The Militiamen pull up, eyeing him suspiciously, lower the window -- Militia #1 shines a flashlight on Nat
21) 0) text: Nate bursts into the building, frantically looking around where to go --- scrambles up a stairwell --- a beat later Militia#2 busts in, hears Nate's footsteps, follows --- SECOND FLOOR HALL Nate's at the end of the hall, trying t open a big window, but can't. He picks up a trash can and HAMMERS it against the glass --- spiderwebbing it. Just a he's about to swing again ---
22) 1) text: Nate leaps out of the window and lands hard on his side - SCREAMS in agony.
22) 2) dialog: 
23) 1) text: Nate rushes into an alleyway, but it's a dead end. ANOTHE PATROL CAR passes --- screeches to a stop, reverses, and turns into the alley. Headlights sweep over Nate as the Patrol Car accelerates towards him -- Nate going all out -- the car rapidly clos the gap -- MILITIA#3 and #4 open their doors, leaving Nat no room --- going for a wall smear --- Nate veers towards a drain pipe just as Militia#3 guns it towards him. 16. Nate leaps, grabs the pipe and swings up just as the car SMASHES into the wall, sideswipes the drainpipe and grind to a halt, pinning the passenger door closed. The pipe gives way -- Nate drops onto the car's roof, rol onto the pavement. Militia#3 opens the driver door, but Nate body checks it shut on the guy's head --- once -- twice -- three times.
24) 1) text: The rains return. TIRE SQUEALS and ENGINE ROARS rise over water slapping asphalt, seemingly from all directions. Wincing in pain, Nate moves in the shadows. The rain fall harder, drowning out other noise. Patrols could be anywhe About to sprint to another alley, Nate suddenly freezes a instinctively pulls back into the dark just as a KGB LADA cruises by. He inches out, looks down the block --- KGB, MORE MILITIA with flashlights and leashed DOGS. The search for Nate intensifying exponentially... Frantically scanning for his next move, Nate spots a stor drain across the street -- a deluge flowing into it. He hustles over, drops to his stomach and tries to squeeze through the opening -- but he doesn't quite fit. He wedge himself in, getting stuck -- THE TORRENT OF RUNOFF WATER
25) 0) text: Nate TUMBLES 7 feet into the sewer --- old rusty rebar sl into his side before he splashes hard into a torrent of s water. He immediately vomits from the overwhelming stench Pulls out a flashlight. The pipe running in either direct is only three feet in diameter, half full with water/sewa With no choice, Nate bites on the flashlight, starts craw through the pipe, shivering, struggling to keep his head above the rising river of shit. He crawls away from us, flashlight growing dimmer until we can no longer see it..
27) 0) text: The pipe's filling up --- Nate can't keep his head above water and move at the same time. He stops, bracing himself, peers back and ahead. Flips on his back -- a deep breath -- and lets go -- the torrent carrying him away -- roughly spitting him into a CROSS-CH Coming up with a GASP, Nate tries to orient himself befor the raging current pushes him into another pipe -- He scrambles to grab onto a brick wall and SCRATCHES his to an iron ladder --- he latches onto it and pulls himsel up. Nate holds himself, trying to catch his breath.
28) 0) text: Nate emerges from a sewer onto a wide commercial street. has abated. Drained, freezing, he strains to pull the cov back over the manhole. He cuts over to a side street.
29) 0) text: Nate holds his jacket up to the passenger window of a van and PUNCHES it in. He opens the door, gets in.
30) 0) text: Nate zips up a dirty jump suit, his wet clothes in a pile He rips out wires under the steering wheel, hotwires the van, cranks the heat full blast, and starts driving.
31) 0) text: Early morning. Nate turns onto Tchaikovsky St. and runs r into a gnarly traffic jam. He peers into the distance at line of cars waiting to get into the US EMBASSY. Shit.
32) 0) text: The large compound is surrounded by a tall brick wall top with razor wire. The entrance gate features two checkpoin the outer one manned by Soviet MILITIAMEN, the inner by U MARINES. A line of cars slowly being waved through. The Militiamen examine each car and trunk, checking all occupants against a copy of Nate's diplomatic photo. KGB AGENTS patrol along the lines of backed up cars, look in windows, their GERMAN SHEPHERDS sniffing around. 18.
33) 1) text: Nate's trying to figure out what to do. He looks over to embassy walls and is suddenly hit with a fucked idea --- He rips the wheel around, peels over the sidewalk and par flush alongside the embassy wall --- He grabs his jacket --- and a canvas tarp --- from the ba
34) 1) text: Nate scrambles to the roof of the van --- sees a wave of Militiamen and KGB agents screaming towards him on the st He tosses his balled-up jacket up over the wall, then thr the canvas tarp over the razor wire --- jumps up, grabs t top of the wall and uses all his strength to pull himself and over the wall ---
35) 1) text: Nate drops down, lands face first in a bush. A whole troo of US MARINES bum rushes towards Nate, Ml6s drawn ---
36) 1) text: A few CASE OFFICERS sit at desks along the walls. No wind just two cipher doors at both ends of a cramped shoe box room. The muzak on a stereo drowns out the tele-types. Battered but clean, Nate sits at his desk staring at "The Bubble": a hermetically sealed office floating on an air- cushioned platform. Above its door is an illuminated red light bulb and an idle green bulb. 19. The DEPUTY CHIEF OF STATION is eyefucking Nate from the n chair.
36) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, Harry, no matter what happens in life, there's always some asswipe who knew it would. A few Case Officers chuckle. Nate code opens the Bubble d
37) 0) text: Staring across his desk at Nate is GORDON GONDORFF, CHIEF MOSCOW STATION, mid-forties, beleaguered.
37) 2) dialog: They can't PNG me. It's against the rules. Unless they can prove that I was out of pocket, they've got shit.
37) 4) dialog: It's his word against mine ---
37) 6) dialog: Great! The more resources they put on me, the more we can drain them. (MORE )
37) 8) dialog: I'll spend the next 6 months driving around Moscow circle-jerking them off.
37) 10) dialog: (explodes with rage) My hall file!? You think I give a shit about that? I have only one concern here. You understand? One. Gondorff's nose starts trickling blood. Nate gestures --
37) 11) dialog: You got a nose bleed again.
37) 14) dialog: The emotional bond is why I swam through a river of shit -- risked my life to get back here with the take. It's why Marble's production has tripled since I've had him in the harness. I'm doing good work here, Gordon.
37) 16) dialog: What do you mean? (off Gondorff's resistance) C'mon, Gordon, what's going on?
37) 20) dialog: But they already know what's at Vorkuta. Marble told them!
37) 22) dialog: Why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you let me warn him?
37) 24) dialog: He's gonna think I knew. He's gonna think I fucked him.
37) 26) dialog: The average survival rate for our agents here in Moscow is 11 months. Marble's been out in the wilderness giving us everything for 16 years. And you guys treat him like a fucking dixie cup!?
47) 1) text: The deck of a car ferry from Italy. Nate's kicking it on hood of his beat-up Lancia Fulvia $3, gazing out at the majestic Greek coast. A stunning day, everything wide ope
48) 1) text: Nate pulls his Lancia into the immigration station, on wh hangs a "Welcome to Greece!" sign in various languages. H parks, gets out and approaches the IMMIGRATION OFFICER in
49) 1) text: The Lancia cruising a picturesque country road. Cresting hill, Nate pulls over, gets out and admires the view. A half mile ahead, the ancient ruins of CORINTH ignited b the setting sun and the sparkling Gulf of Corinth. 33.
50) 0) text: A sleepy fishing harbor. Nate ambles up to a quaint water cafe, scans the candlelit patio --- and then a loud WHIST Nate locks onto a stocky man getting up from his table wh another man is seated. Clearly drunk, the stocky guy lumb towards him, suddenly trips on a crack and falls into an empty table -- the man and table crashing to the ground. Nate comes over, grins down at MARTY GABLE, the CIA's Dep Chief of Station for Athens. In his late 40's, Gable's a grizzled chain-smoking, hard-drinking pit bull from the B
50) 1) dialog: Jesus, Gable. Thought you would've for sure taken a tit job on the 7th floor by now ---
50) 6) dialog: Oh yeah?
50) 9) dialog: Tell me about it --- 34.
50) 11) dialog: I appreciate the opportunity.
50) 13) dialog: The Welch hit?
50) 18) dialog: I heard it was carried out by a radical lefty terrorist group ---
50) 20) dialog: Students did the hit? Kids? 35.
50) 23) dialog: So why haven't you rolled them up?
50) 28) dialog: I'm not a NOC.
51) 0) text: Gable throws a sympathetic arm around Nate as they stroll down a quiet street.
51) 2) dialog: It would anyone.
51) 4) dialog: Wow, that was some pep talk... Reaching his car, Gable takes out his keys, unlocks trunk
51) 6) dialog: The fuck is this!? CAMERA WHIP PANS WITH GABLE TO THE TRUNK revealing a SHOR FAT MAN whose arms, legs and mouth have all been duct-tap
51) 9) dialog: Fucking Gable --- some people live and learn --- you just live. Gable grabs a gym bag out of the trunk, slams it shut and flashes Nate a sheepish grin and shrug.
60) 0) text: Nate sweating his balls off in brutal heat as he makes hi way through the down and dirty streets of the Exarcheia - a watermelon in one arm and a grocery bag in the other. 42.
61) 0) text: Nate turns onto his block. People are hanging out on thei stoops in the tree-shade, trying to beat the heat. He crosses to the steps of his building. The old SUPER an his BUDDY sit under a tree by the stoop playing backgammo Kicking it on the steps is LUKA KOSTAS --- early-20s, gro student/artist vibe. He's sketching something on a pad. Hiking up the stoop Nate collapses onto the step above Lu who hardly acknowledges him, and catches his breath...
61) 1) dialog: Jesus. City's like a oven. Had no idea Athens got so fuckin' hot --- Nate peeks over Luka's shoulder, sees he's sketching the face of a stunning brunette. Luka ignores him. Looking ac the street, Nate sees the brunette, ALEXA, on her buildin steps gossiping with her college friends ZOE and THYIA, a free love flower girls.
61) 2) dialog: At it again, huh? One of these days you should really just talk to her --- Annoyed, Luka glances back at Nate and closes his book.
61) 3) dialog: Hey, if it scares you, it might be a good thing to try. Luka takes out a joint, sparks up. The Super yells at him Greek to stop -- Luka just takes another hit. He can see Nate eyeing the joint longingly with a grin but ignores h
61) 4) dialog: Fine. Then you don't get any of my watermelon. Nate cuts a piece of watermelon. Slurps as he eats it -- trying to annoy Luka --- and it's working.
61) 5) dialog: So what're you up to tonight? (off Luka's silence) That's cool. Me? I'm gonna go to the movies by myself, have dinner with nobody, maybe get a drink alone. Then come home and beat off --- only question is --- (eyes wandering) Who am I'm gonna beat it out to? (MORE )
61) 7) dialog: (locks onto Alexa, grins) Hey, you don't mind if I borrow one of those drawings of yours, do you? Luka knows Nate's trying to tune him up, won't take the b
61) 8) dialog: This fucking heat is unbearable.
61) 10) dialog: (hard look Luka) I would if I could --- Nate see this piques Luka's interest. But Nate's attentio is drawn across the street. A light bulb goes off. He hea to his car, pops the trunk, rifles around, pulls out a wr Nate struts past the curious girls, stops at a fire hydra and tightens the wrench around its bolt.
61) 12) dialog: You know something, chico, you'd probably like me if you had the balls. A soaking wet Alexa and the voluptuous Thyia skip over an greet Nate and Luka with smiles.
61) 14) dialog: Hey yourself.
61) 16) dialog: Don't thank me --- (MORE )
61) 18) dialog: (gestures to Luka) It was Luka's idea.
62) 0) text: A rundown, 5th floor apartment diagonal to Nate's buildin In T-shirt and shorts, a sweaty Dom stands behind a tripo mounted, long-lens camera aimed through a ragged hole in curtains, which are half-drawn in front of open balcony d Dom wears headphones connected to a sophisticated, tripod mounted shotgun/laser microphone aimed at Nate through an curtain hole. The Mic is also wired to a tape recorder. George watches Nate through binoculars, shirt open. Dom g him a look that says "Guess you were wrong."
63) 3) dialog: (pops head out window) Yeah --- on my way.
64) 1) text: A spartan studio flat with a kitchenette and bathroom. Na moves to the entry alcove. Places a small ball bearing al a groove in the floor, about 15 inches in front of the do Nate slips out the door without disturbing the ball beari
65) 1) text: George is on a rooftop on the corner of Nate's block. Usi binoculars, he watches Nate, Luka and the girls turn onto bigger street, joining a flow of KIDS moving in the same direction. George calls into his walkie talkie.
66) 1) text: Nate, Luka and the girls are among the streams of people entering the campus of Athens Polytechnic University. Nat notices a lot of people carrying anti-American posters... 46.
66) 2) dialog: Thought we were going to a concert.
68) 0) text: Dom crosses the street and enters Nate's apartment buildi
70) 0) text: Moving to Nate's door Dom pulls a small flashlight and magnifying glass from her purse, scans around the doorfra stops when she finds Nate's trip: a strand of hair stuck across the gap between the door and the frame. Dom pulls tape from her purse, tears a tiny strip, and pl it over the hair. She then retrieves lock picking tools, quickly picks the lock, nudges the door open and slips in
72) 0) text: Nate, Luka and the girls are among thousands of young peo crammed into the quad facing a stage with banners touting the rally sponsor: the Communist Youth of Greece or KNE. The young, passionate KNE LEADER on stage gives a fiery s riling the crowd up. A dormant ROCK BAND waits behind him 47.
72) 1) dialog: What's he going off about?
72) 5) dialog: Your cousin?
72) 8) dialog: I'm fine, I'm fine. Christos eyes Nate while having a heated discussion with Luka about him. His Thugs throwing dangerous glares. Christos and Luka share a soul brother handshake and Chri and his crew disappear into the crowd. Luka returns to Na fear in his eyes, shaking his head.
72) 9) dialog: What? The guy tossed you on your ass, I was just trying to help. 48.
72) 11) dialog: Yeah? So then tell me --- what's their deal?
73) 0) text: KITCHEN: icebox, shelves, drawers, etc. Under the sink Do finds serious water damage from leaky old pipes. CLOSET: Dom spritzes NPPD spydust on Nate's clothing and BATHROOM: Dom checks toilet, sink. For loose tiles. In Na Dopp kit: condoms, bottles of Dexedrine, Valium.
74) 0) text: On stage, The KNE LEADER wraps up his speech, militantly waving his fist and chanting in Greek "OUT WITH THE USA!! The crowd joins in, fists in the air. A MILITANT unfurls an AMERICAN FLAG on stage. The KNE Lea sets it ablaze -- the crowd ROARS in approval just as the band erupts into a Greek cover of Zeppelin's "Dancing Day The frenzied place goes insane, dancing, jumping, screami Nate takes in the scene: dazed, confused and disturbed.
75) 0) text: BEDROOM: Dom looks through Nate's backpack. Nothing worth About to return it, she feels the thickness of the should straps, inspects them. Finds a hidden seam, carefully ope it and stashed in the padding is a wad of cash and Nate's diplomatic passport. In the other strap, another wad of c and a mugshot, of Luka's cousin, CHRISTOS. BEDSTAND AREA: A European Playboy on top of a stack of bo She photographs each before flipping through them, increasingly surprised. She photographs the last book, Pa Markova's poems, in Russian. She looks at it curiously, b doesn't recognize it. Dom reaches into her purse for her radio. Calls in.
76) 1) text: Luka, Alexa and the girls all chat as they meander throug the neighborhood. Thyia notices Nate off to the side, qui
76) 7) dialog: We can take my car. Just need to stop and grab my keys. Excited, the girls hurry ahead chatting. Luka hangs back, putting an apologetic hand on Nate's shoulder.
76) 9) dialog: It's cool, I get it. Why do you think I left?
78) 0) text: Looking far down the cross street, George spots Nate and group approaching, calls into his radio.
79) 1) text: Watching Dom leave Nate's, cross the street and disappear down the block. CAMERA POV PANS down block, locks onto the shapes of Nate and gang as they turn onto street and head towards us.
81) 0) text: Nate and Luka walk to his flat. Noticing the hair is gone Nate subtly tenses up. He puts his key into the lock, rea the door's already open... The men share a look as they e In the alcove they see water on the floor -- hear GRUNTS tools scraping. Stepping into the flat they find more wat and the Super under the sink trying to clamp a leaking pi 51.
81) 1) dialog: What the hell is this? What happened?
82) 0) text: Dom holds the mic like a gun, aiming the scope through th curtain hole on Nate's apartment window. Elena's right ne to her with the headphones so they can both listen...
88) 0) text: Under the imposing shadow of the Acropolis, The Plaka is maze of cobblestone streets lined with patinated neo-clas buildings, a quaint, stunning Bohemian wonderland. Casually elegant in a simple, sexy white kaftan, African beads and sandals, Dom strides towards the gates of a crumbling, walled-in mansion under renovation. A sign out reads: TAKIS GALLERY - KASTIMBALIS - FIXED METAMORPHICS. Some PEOPLE are hanging outside while others flow in and of the front gates. A friendly, laid-back vibe. The exoti jazzy Ethiopian grooves of Mulatu Astake emanating from t courtyard inside. Dom steps through the gates.
89) 0) text: A ruinous courtyard packed with the Athens's Bohemian jet set, everyone circulating amongst the hulking, dramatical lit sculptures, primitive moderns hewn out of basalt. Dom takes in the scene then slowly moves clockwise around the courtyard's edges -- casually scouting for Nate. She spots him hanging with Luka, Alexa, Zoe and Thyia. Moving closer, Dom peruses the sculptures while stealing glances at Nate, observing him having a great time. Easy see his group's blithe and vibrant camaraderie.
90) 0) text: A dim, dead-end corridor, Nate rolls up behind a flirting COUPLE waiting by a closed door. Finally a man comes out the couple goes in. Nate's annoyed, really needs to piss. Dom suddenly appears, getting in line behind Nate. Althou he tries to play it cool, he's clearly struck by her beau and vibe. He gives her an easy "what's up" nod. She nods back. After a beat, something catches Nate's eye -- a small, ba noticeable sentence, hand-scrawled in Greek along the wal in front of them. Nate breaks out in a luminous smile --
90) 1) dialog: That's fucking inspired --- (gestures to graffiti) You see this?
90) 3) dialog: "You may paint over me, but I will still be here." And suddenly we HEAR the carnal giggles, moans and grunts the couple going at it in the bathroom.
90) 4) dialog: Christ, you gotta be kidding me... Annoyed and desperate, Nate raps on the door. The couple inside yells a "FUCK OFF" in Greek, resumes their stride.
90) 5) dialog: They gotta have another restroom upstairs -- right? UPSTAIRS - MINUTE LATER: Dom and Nate search the darkness the mansion's 2nd floor which is gutted and in shambles. stumbles over some debris and Nate smoothly steadies her.
90) 6) dialog: I'm Nate --
90) 8) dialog: I'll hold it for you, you for me. K? Dom heads in while Nate holds the light on. He whistles t give her some cover as she tinkles --- DOM AND NATE COMING DOWN STAIRS - MINUTES LATER: Nate squ off and locks eyes with Dom when they reach the bottom -- she catches the subtle smirk beneath Nate's lips.
90) 10) dialog: And you're not? Nate's smirk opens up into a charmingly goofy but direct smile --- she holds his gaze without returning the smile.
90) 11) dialog: Be patient -- eventually I'1l do or say something interesting --- 57.
90) 13) dialog: Sure thing. As Dom moves back into the packed courtyard, Nate tilts h head to admire the swing of her ass ---
91) 1) dialog: Dominique --- hey... Dom turns, sees Nate, Luka and the girls among the crowd Nate comes over.
91) 2) dialog: We're all going to this place right near here -- best barbounia you've ever had -- you should come with us.
91) 4) dialog: Come on, it'll be fun -- trust me --
91) 6) dialog: What are you talking about? We just listened to each other pee, we're practically married. MUSIC and LAUGHTER carry us into ---
92) 0) text: A taverna in the Plaka's old quarter. Dom, Nate, Luka and girls sit at an outside table --- eating, drinking, laugh getting hammered on Ouzo as they play 2 truths and a lie. Across the street, an OLDER WOMAN in a wheelchair playing accordion and a TEENAGE BOY on violin provide the soundtr
92) 6) dialog: Watch out, brother --- Everyone but Alexa takes a shot.
92) 9) dialog: I knew it. The table giggles...
92) 11) dialog: Okay -- okay. (gathering his thoughts) All right, I masturbate at least twice a day. I enjoy watching strange women pee. I worship Satan. The table cracks up and confers, struggling for consensus
92) 13) dialog: Are you for real? You guys really think I'm a Satan worshiper? 59.
92) 15) dialog: You guys are assholes --- now drink --- Everyone laughs and drinks --- LATER: the buzzed group leaving the taverna in high-spiri
93) 0) text: The ruins of an ancient amphitheater at the base of the Acropolis have been converted into a 1970s rave -- HUNDRE OF BAREFOOTED YOUNG PEOPLE dancing wildly on stage or alo the tiered benches to Roxy Music's "Both Ends Burning". Amid the pulsing, sweaty crowd, Nate, Luka and the girls loose -- as Dom moves with them, something powerful is be unleashed inside her -- a joyous, vital force -- that is taking her out of her mind and into her body. And the dee she goes, the more amazing her dancing becomes... LITTLE LATER: Everyone funking out to Sly and the Family Stone's "Loose Booty" --- but Dom's on another level -- flowing with a hypnotic, unbridled expressiveness and pow that electrifies everyone around her, especially Nate. LITTLE LATER: Blown out, Nate and Luka emerge from the da mass, climb high up on the tiered benches and look down a the girls grooving to T-REX's "20th Century Boy".
93) 4) dialog: Yeah, I caught that...
93) 6) dialog: We'll see. Luka sparks a joint, tokes, and passes to Nate, who takes hit and looks around, taking everything in --- and catche something in the crowd.
93) 7) dialog: Hey, isn't that one of the fucksticks I scrapped it up with at the rally, that was rolling with your cousin?
93) 9) dialog: (gestures) Right there. You see him? With the white shirt.
93) 11) dialog: You sure?
93) 13) dialog: You ever gonna tell me what the deal with them is? Is this guy Christos a distant cousin?
93) 15) dialog: So he's more like a brother? 61.
94) 3) dialog: What's Tryphosa?
94) 5) dialog: I'm sold. Nate tries to wave down an approaching taxi but to no ava The group walks ahead, giving Nate and Dom space. They la behind, quiet, side by side --- a palpable, unusual attra between them. After a long beat ---
94) 6) dialog: Watching you let loose was really something else --- like you were in an ecstatic trance -- I saw flashes of Duncan -- Mary Wigman -- Graham... Dom glares at Nate, trying to restrain her astonishment..
94) 8) dialog: I follow the dancers. They exchange a smile as another taxi appears --- Nate wa and it stops. The girls smother Dom with hugs and kisses, saying how mu fun they had, they need to hang out. Nate sees them excha phone numbers. Then the group gives Dom and Nate some spa 62. A crazy tension --- Dom off-balance, genuinely vulnerable Nate's easy -- he opens the Taxi door for her.
94) 10) dialog: See what happens when you trust the timing of your life? (potent stare) You're pretty fucking great --- keep that shit up. Nate breaks the tension by gently easing Dom into the tax and closing the door --- Watching the taxi head down the street and disappear arou a corner, Nate smiles inwardly as he heads back to the ot
96) 0) text: Gable's car parked on a nondescript street. Nate sits nex to Gable, who's chain-smoking.
96) 1) dialog: Nothing. I'm just saying --- Luka is a good kid, Marty. Clean. No involvement with his cousin or N17 whatsoever.
96) 3) dialog: If you just give me some more time, I'll figure out another way to get to him.
96) 7) dialog: The fuck is that?
96) 10) dialog: It's not right putting him into play -- it's gonna ruin his life.
96) 12) dialog: (mordant ) My rabbi.
98) 0) text: Nate moves through the Monastiraki flea market, crosses a street and enters a cafe.
99) 0) text: Nate's at a pay phone next to the bathroom. He dials the number off of the piece of paper Gable gave him.
99) 1) dialog: Harry Haridopolos. I'm a friend of Mister Fenwick.
100) 0) text: Nate and Luka wait in Nate's car. Luka checks his watch, leans across Nate and HONKS the horn. Alexa runs out from her apartment and gets in the car with her bags.
100) 4) dialog: Hey, it's cool, you guys should just go, you can take my car to the port ---
101) 0) text: A ferry heading out of port. The trio cuts through the pa lounge, scanning for seats. Finding a spot on the floor, they start making camp. Alexa suddenly spots something, smiles and starts waving, trying to get someone's attention. Nate turns around and sees Dom in the crowd. He's stunned, caught totally off g
101) 1) dialog: Holy shit... Alexa flashes Nate a little "surprise!" Look --- and then she and Luka greet Dom with an excited kiss and hug.
101) 4) dialog: Hey. An awkward beat of tension between Nate and Dom.
101) 5) dialog: They didn't tell me you were coming ---
101) 7) dialog: Yeah, sure, no, it's good you're getting lost with us ---
106) 0) text: The boat's deck is jammed with supplies. Luka and Alexa a half-asleep. Dom sits nearby, looking over at --- Nate kicking it with STAVROS, 60s, a village fisherman-tu hippie, whistling as he steers. Nate joins the whistling. They round a bend. A mile ahead, a COLOSSAL WHITE PUMICE ROCK FORMATION juts out of the coast, the size of a six s building, blocking the land behind it. Stavros nods to it
108) 4) dialog: And those ruins?
109) 0) text: Throngs of Hippies hanging out on the otherworldly rocks tabled high over the water. Dom and Alexa lay topless on towels, eyes closed. Alice Coltrane's "Blue Nile" wafting from Dom's tape deck. Nate and Luka are playing backgammon next to them. Nate i having trouble focusing on the game -- struggling to not check Dom out. Nate can see Luka is very amused by all th
109) 2) dialog: Asshole...
111) 0) text: Korch's modest one-bedroom apartment. A shelf with a reco player and stacks of records. A console table lined with PHOTOS OF KORCH -- his childhood; one with his father; mo with his gorgeous wife, a shrine to their love. Korch is sitting at his kitchen table with a transistor r that's been cracked open revealing an empty hiding spot. 70. He's hunched over the "BUSTER" covcomm device Nate gave h earlier -- fingers typing a message on the minuscule keyb
114) 0) text: The communal dinner. 35 people sitting around a table of offerings and jugs of wine, talking, laughing, eating. While chatting with a CHUBBY GUY, Nate catches Dom steali a glance at him amidst her own conversation. They lock ey Nate flashes a little grin, she smiles back. An amused Luka nudges Nate to turn around -- they watch t YOUNG HIPPIES performing a ritual while lighting the bonf
114) 1) dialog: Oh shit. I just thought of something. I think I forgot to turn the hot plate off in my place. Antony, the super, do you know his number?
114) 3) dialog: Could you call Thyia or Zoe and see if one of them could go over and turn it off? I don't want to burn the building down.
115) 0) text: Bonfire's crackling. A couple of GUITARISTS strumming alo Jugs of wine and joints making the rounds. Dom's talking with an OLD HIPPIE as he gestures to the ru atop the colossal rock. Finally his GIRL pulls him away. Dom looks around -- no sign of Luka or Alexa. She turns, sees Nate walking down the beach along the waterline. Cat up to him, they move together, not saying anything. Final Dom gestures to the ruins.
115) 2) dialog: Oh yeah?
115) 4) dialog: Come on, for real --- ?
116) 0) text: Nate and Dom wind up towards their villa. Behind them are the moonlit ruins atop the rock...
116) 2) dialog: (repeats it dreamily) Dream incubation chamber... Far out. 72.
116) 4) dialog: We should climb up there, check it out ---
117) 0) text: Nate and Dom enter the dark, empty villa. Nate lights a candle. They stare at each other in the glow. Tension so primal, so achingly intense, too strong to resist... Unti
117) 2) dialog: Yeah, okay... Dom shuts herself in her room. Nate exhales like, "Fuuuck
118) 0) text: Nate swinging in the hammock, mind racing, gazing into th night. The bonfire's dying, the beach party winding down. Luka and Alexa come onto the veranda, both profoundly wor
118) 1) dialog: What's up, guys? (off their silence) My hot plate, did you reach Zoe or Thyia? Nate sees they're freaked out.
118) 2) dialog: What? The place burn down?
119) 0) text: Dom steps out of her room with a cup of water. She stops when she hears Nate, Luka and Alexa talking outside --
119) 1) dialog: Funny.
119) 3) dialog: Heroin?! Fucking heroin? Dom steps closer to eavesdrop.
120) 0) text: Nate's out of the hammock now.
120) 2) dialog: So, what? You're saying the police planted it in your apartment?
120) 4) dialog: Jesus Christ, how the fuck did it get there, Luka? Magic?
120) 6) dialog: It's okay, I believe you. We just gotta think this through. Nate starts pacing around. 74.
120) 7) dialog: Do you know anyone that you've been with over the past few months that is into this kind of shit, who could've stashed it in your apartment without you being aware? A friend? Neighbor? Anyone?
120) 11) dialog: He's a fucking pusher?
120) 13) dialog: When was the last time he was in your place?
120) 15) dialog: Only way the police would be there is if he ratted you out to them. Luka starts breaking down.
120) 17) dialog: Luka, what other explanation is there?
120) 19) dialog: Look brother, a situation like this, you don't have many options. But I think I can help. Nate kneels to his pack, undoes the secret flap in the st and pulls out a wad of cash and offers it to Luka --- 75.
120) 20) dialog: That's 5 grand. Pack your stuff, wake up Stavros on his boat and get out of here, now --- (puts cash in Luka's hand) You gotta disappear for the next 6 months. Just get lost, lay low. Don't go anywhere near Athens.
120) 22) dialog: You can't go anywhere near your cousin ever again. Not even a fucking phone call. He'll bury you.
120) 24) dialog: The fuck does that have to do with anything? (off Luka's silence) Luka, please, I'm trying to save your life. You gotta trust me. Travel around, experience some shit. By winter this will all have blown over.
120) 29) dialog: She'll be fine. I'll figure it out.
120) 31) dialog: Keep safe. Be happy. And stay away from your cousin. Luka and Alexa give Nate a hug. 76.
120) 33) dialog: I don't know. But if I'm not, I'll make sure you know how to find me. As Luka and Alexa disappear inside, we can see Dom is no longer there.
121) 0) text: Nate sits on the sand staring at the water --- he looks f up and far from home. Dom approaches, sits next to him.
121) 2) dialog: Gone. There was a phone call late last night, Luka had a family emergency. He and Alexa left.
121) 4) dialog: I don't know. I hope so. (beat) I get how awkward this must be for you. There's a boat leaving at noon, you can take it.
121) 6) dialog: It all depends.
121) 8) dialog: Well neither do you. What does that make you? What are you hiding?
121) 10) dialog: Forget about what you know. How do you feel around me? Do you feel safe? Do you feel good?
121) 12) dialog: Isn't that enough? Do we really need to know each other to enjoy this place together?
121) 14) dialog: No, we just don't ask questions about each other's lives. (off her hesitancy) C'mon, lay your armor down, just for the weekend. You can put it back on when we get back to Athens. Dom considering. She looks past, sees the graffiti on Mam
121) 16) dialog: Why not? She meets his smile. It's a deal.
122) 1) text: Just off the coast, incredible white rock formations jut of the water. Nate and Dom tool around on a boat with an outboard motor... Arcing around a stone pillar, they pass underneath a series of massive natural archways --- Nate steers through a tiny opening between 2 formations i
123) 0) text: A huge natural swimming pool hidden by rock walls, a tiny strip of beach at the end. Nate and Dom gaze around in wo LATER: Nate and Dom laying back on a white blanket under rigged canopy, remnants of a picnic, water lapping the sa a few feet away. Dom's wearing his hat, staring at him. 78.
123) 1) dialog: You ever gonna give me my hat back?
123) 3) dialog: I like my hat on you. He opens his eyes and meets her stare.
124) 1) text: Nate and Dom peruse the farmers market, tasting produce.
125) 1) text: Dom watches from the veranda as Nate expertly chops tomat and cooks squid over a propane flame inside. MUSIC and VO from the beach emanate in the background. Nate finishes assembling the plates. He walks them out to the veranda and places them on the candle-lit table.
125) 3) dialog: My grandparents. (off her look) That's who taught me about food, how to cook. I was raised by them. My grandfather was a produce wholesaler, my grandmother was always in the kitchen. It was through cooking that she expressed her love --- (cuts a little grin) I was a fat fuckin' kid. She giggles, uncharacteristically easy.
125) 5) dialog: Yeah, sure. They did their best to compensate for the fact that my mom... And my father, well...
125) 9) dialog: Fuck me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right? She takes a step towards him, vulnerable --- whispers ---
126) 0) text: Bathed in the flickering light of a TV, Egorov sits on hi couch, staring with disturbing intensity directly at us. Sipping vodka. Satie record playing on console behind him Distorted voices emanate from the TV, a BRITISH MAN and a WOMAN speaking French-accented English --
127) 0) text: Nate and Dom trek up a dirt road through strange volcanic landscape. Dom's wearing his hat. Nate's got a day pack o 81.
127) 2) dialog: You don't need to explain.
127) 4) dialog: I feel sorry for people who never go crazy -- Screws fall out all the time. We're all fucked up inside --- that's what makes us us. Dom looks at Nate with soul-stirred awe.
127) 6) dialog: Whaddya talkin' about? It was the best sex I never had. Dom throws her arms around him and kisses him passionatel
128) 1) text: Nate and Dom come down a rocky path to an ancient, domed white-washed building with a blue door. To the left of th building is a huge pond of bubbling volcanic mud and wate Stripping to their bathing suits, she takes his hand as t step into the mud. Squishing down, Dom smiles, tripped ou Nate CHUCKS a chunk of mud at her. She screams, picks up handful and pegs him back. They exchange mud throws, scre and laughing, until they wrestle and collapse together. They make out and spread mud over each other. Sensual. Covering their entire bodies.
129) 0) text: Shafts of steamy light cut through holes in the domed cei Thermal water flows from pipes into two rock bathtubs. 82. Nate climbs into the tub and offers his hand. She stares the tub, anxiety welling in her eyes... until she looks a Nate, lets go of all of it, takes his hand and gets in... and it's okay, she's okay. Dom leans back into Nate as he gently scrubs the dried mu off her. They switch, Dom starts scrubbing him ---
129) 2) dialog: What do you want to do?
130) 0) text: Nate and Dom are sitting inside the ruins of the DREAM TE blankets and pillows laid out, wine and food. They're loo out as the sun disappears over the sea, an epic vista ina mystical place, but the mood has turned somber ---
130) 1) dialog: Let's stay longer. Just a few more days ---
130) 3) dialog: What, are you married? Is that it?
130) 5) dialog: So we just bury all of this, how we're feeling right now ---
130) 7) dialog: Shit! Tense, Nate gets up, walks to the edge of the temple.
130) 8) dialog: You know -- a few months ago a friend asked me what I truly want outta life, who do I wanna be. (Beat) I couldn't give any fuckin' answers, not one. 83.
130) 10) dialog: But that's the thing. I always wanted to be different --- I've just been so caught up in the bullshit of being me, I somehow lost who I am --- (turns to Dom) I know you know exactly what I'm talking about ---
130) 12) dialog: Maybe it's all that matters. (off her silence) You're not sayin' anything, but you're screamin' inside, and I can hear it.
130) 14) dialog: You're my favorite new feeling. I just don't wanna lose it. Dom spoons Nate, wraps her arms around him and whispers -
131) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE OVER THE QUAYS: A cloudy day. Arrivals, depart Nate and Dom disembark their ferry and head to the street ANGLE CLOSE ON NATE AND DOM -- the energy between them is sputtered, confused, tense... Neither knows how to part w
131) 1) dialog: This is fucking stupid. I don't even know where you're staying, how to find you --- your number --- (MORE )
131) 3) dialog: (off her silence) Lemme give you a lift home.
131) 5) dialog: Look --- meet me tomorrow night at the Paris Cinema in the Plaka --- they're playing the new Kubrick film. After a hesitant beat, Dom writes her number on her ferry stub and hands it to Nate.
131) 7) dialog: (kisses her and smiles) See you tomorrow night.. Dom watches a happy Nate head off towards the parking lot
132) 0) text: Drizzling. Nate drives through Exarcheia, blocks from hom Nate notices fresh graffiti on a derelict building: a red "A" within a circle. A signal. He shifts to hyper-alert S MODE. Checking mirrors, surroundings. Passing his street.
133) 0) text: Pouring rain. Nate slips into a run-down office building.
134) 0) text: Soaked, Nate heads down a hall to the door of an accounti firm, knocks. A beat, door opens, Gable ushers him into..
135) 0) text: Forsyth is inside, waiting. Gable shuts and locks door, t Nate an intense look.
135) 2) dialog: Yeah. Been running non-stop for 8 hours --
135) 4) dialog: You tell me. I woke up Sunday, Luka and his girl had split for points unknown, and then I found out your guy on Athens PD jumped the gun, tossed his place the night we left.
135) 6) dialog: C'mon, and you believe that shit? After all the work I put in, why would I blow the bust like this?
135) 8) dialog: If I was gonna cut him loose, I would've come up with something a little smarter, Marty. My fingerprints wouldn't be on it.
135) 10) dialog: Good, fine, that's your prerogative, Chief. Forsyth eyes Nate, trying to read him for deception. Afte beat, he gestures Nate to follow him. Nate follows Gable and Forsyth into a BACK OFFICE BULLPEN
135) 11) dialog: Would someone tell me what's going on? And as if to answer, we hear a BELCH from in the bathroom a FLUSH -- someone quickly washing hands and then the doo opens -- in steps SY BENFORD, head of the CIA's SOVIET/EA DIVISION. In his 50s, imposing, serious, tough. Seeing Benford, Nate's face contorts with the dread of wh he thinks this means...
135) 12) dialog: Is he dead --- ? 86.
135) 14) dialog: Then what --- they rolled him up? Benford takes out a folded piece of paper, hands it to Na
135) 16) dialog: So Istanbul --- tomorrow night?
135) 18) dialog: There are no duress indicators in the syntax, verbiage or punctuation...
135) 20) dialog: Clearly something's wrong --- but that doesn't mean the ask isn't legit.
135) 22) dialog: Of course he is. You assholes fucked him over. Why should he trust you?
135) 24) dialog: Because what I know is something a craven motherfucker like you will never understand --- (gets into Benford's face) If they had a gun to his head, he woulda made them pull the trigger before setting me up. 87.
136) 0) text: The pouring rain and occasional thunder continues. Elena resting on an old couch, Dom is staring out the window at Nate's darkened apartment.
143) 0) text: Through a window, we see Nate, Benford, Gable and two PIL eating around various maps, deep in conversation. Nate ex himself, saunters out. Nate strolls down the hall, slips into another office. He pulls out Dom's number and dials the phone. The line RING
143) 1) dialog: C'mon, c'mon, pick up. Phone RINGS, but nobody's home. Frustrated, Nate hangs up
145) 1) text: Dom in front of the Cine Paris outdoor movie theater, sca for Nate as a few LATECOMERS rush in for the 7pm BARRY LY We hear TRAILERS playing on the rooftop screen. Glancing her watch: 7:20. Disappointed and concerned, Dom heads in
146) 1) text: A bright, full moon. A Grumman HU-16 Albatross Seaplane f above the Aegean, its ID numbers covered up. Two pilots up front --- Nate and Benford seated alone in back. Benford gazes out the window at the moon.
146) 4) dialog: Yeah? Well, I'd like to titty bang Raquel Welch while eating a porter- house steak. Doesn't mean it's ever gonna happen. Over the ENGINE HUM, MUSIC and LAUGHTER carries us into..
154) 1) text: Nate in a commando dinghy, engine muffled by a blanket -- zooms up onto a rocky beach, jumps out, pulls the boat in the cover of trees. Grabbing his gear, he rolls out on fo 95. Nate stalks to the top of a steep hill, beyond which is a small bay -- built along its banks is the rotting majesty an abandoned 19th-century Turkish waterfront mansion or Y Nate pulls his binoculars, scans the area and continues o
155) 0) text: Nate skirts around the yali to find a huge window missing its glass. He turns on a red-filtered flashlight, climbs
156) 0) text: Nate prowls through the decrepit ballroom with a magnific river view. Footsteps CREAKING. RATS SCURRYING. Tension. He glimpses a reflection in a cracked mirror and flinches he sees himself -- and behind him, Korch. Nate spins arou Glad to see each other, they smile. Nate steps in for a hug, but Korch holds him off.
156) 1) dialog: I didn't know they were putting a Keyhole above Vorkuta. The fuckers kept it from me ‘cause they knew I'd tip you.
156) 3) dialog: How bad was the blowback?
156) 5) dialog: Are you in trouble?
156) 8) dialog: Fuck me --- Korch pulls out a UV scope --- scans Nate head to toe. Ko then snaps off the UV scopes lens exposing the light and holds it up to Nate --- shirt and shoes glow with flecks spy dust, confirming the worst.
156) 9) dialog: If you knew she was on me, why did you risk this meet? Why didn't you just send a burst saying I'd been compromised?
156) 13) dialog: This wasn't like that -- I mean shit, we never even had sex -- which is maybe why I didn't see it coming -- (looks at Korch) It felt like something else -- something intense and mutual --
156) 15) dialog: All I know is it felt true.
156) 17) dialog: This was different.
156) 19) dialog: Yeah, I've heard all the crazy stories about the sex ---
156) 21) dialog: The emotions I saw in this girl were too complex to manufacture --- nobody's that good of an actress.
156) 23) dialog: The NATO guy, slit his wrists in the tub --- ?
156) 25) dialog: Well then that's it --- you're comin' with me. We'll exfil you right now.
156) 27) dialog: The fuck is that satisfaction worth? Korch doesn't respond. Nate's so frustrated he looks like wants to smash something. He takes a breath. 98.
156) 28) dialog: We have a tap on a trunk line linking the Ministry of Defense with some of your key research facilities, including Vorkuta. If they want a technical breach, I can give this to you wrapped in a bow. Use it to cover your ass.
156) 30) dialog: Then I'll get it done from our side.
156) 33) dialog: Everything.
156) 35) dialog: Doesn't matter anymore. I'm done with all this shit. I want out of everything -- for good.
157) 0) text: Plane's in the air. Benford's sitting in a doomstruck meditation, face like a clenched fist. Nate's next to him hunched forward --- boiling down.
157) 2) dialog: I'm supposed to tell you guys about every piece of ass I chase? It didn't feel like she was working me. I fucked up ---
157) 5) dialog: You're the one who started this whole thing, by allowing DCI Bush to put a keyhole over Vorkuta, just so he could look good for the president --- might as well have held up a big fucking neon sign to the Sovs, "you have a breach!"
157) 7) dialog: That what you tell yourself so you can sleep at night?
157) 9) dialog: Then help me figure this out. Benford gets up and paces around.
157) 11) dialog: Egorov's still a few steps behind us. We have time to make a move ---
157) 13) dialog: Counterintelligence is focused on a technical breach. If we can give them our line tap, it'll explain everything and neutralize Egorov.
157) 15) dialog: He's risked and delivered more than anyone we've ever run behind the curtain. Almost two decades --- (locks eyes with Benford) We gotta try, Sy. We owe him that.
157) 17) dialog: Fuck everything you can, that was yesterday. Today, it's gotta be whatever it takes.
157) 19) dialog: Not a good idea.
167) 0) text: Nate is sweating balls, uptight. Dom steps through the do she's stunning. When she sees Nate, she smiles inwardly. Happiness. She takes a deep breath to calm down. When he sees her, he subtly girds himself. As she arrives the table, he smoothly gets up, pulls out the chair for h It's rather unlike him, and she clocks it. Before he even says a word, she reads his body language. arms are crossed, eyes not meeting hers. Restless fingers
167) 1) dialog: It's good to see you. I'm sorry again for last night. 104.
167) 3) dialog: (takes a drink) Well I felt really bad. I've just been dealing with the fallout from some stuff. Been a rough couple of days.
167) 5) dialog: (drinks, looks away) I did something --- it was the right thing to do --- but now I'm paying the price for it.
167) 7) dialog: I just --- I wanna be with you. Under the table, he slides his hand onto her thigh and up her skirt. As smooth as it is, she sees the aggressivenes in his eyes.
167) 8) dialog: There's a hotel down the street. C'mon, let's get a room. Before she knows what's happening, he drops money on the table, gets up, and reaches out for her hand. She's tryin to read him. Sensing something's off, she still takes it.
168) 0) text: A bedside lamp dimly illuminates a small hotel room with view of the Acropolis. An armoire with large mirrors inla into its doors faces the foot of the bed. Dom and Nate enter... She takes in the space as Nate lock the door and she moves to turn off the lamp...
168) 1) dialog: Leave it on. I want to be able to see you. Nate waits for Dom to come to him, so she does. They begi to kiss hungrily, until Nate gently but purposefully stop her -- then sits in the chair next to the bedside table a stares at her standing before him. 105.
168) 2) dialog: Take off your clothes. While maintaining eye contact with him, Dom slowly strips everything off, laying herself bare. Nate breaks eye cont drinks in her body and then looks past it --- gazing at t reflection of Dom's perfect ass in the mirror. Dom looks back at her reflection in the mirror --- and he eyes find Nate's in the glass.
168) 3) dialog: Get on the bed. Dom pulls the covers off the bed and slides onto the shee lying on her side, facing Nate... But he won't look at Do only her reflection.
168) 4) dialog: No, not like that. I want you up on all fours -- Dom throws Nate a questioning look in the mirror --- but gives her nothing -- just waits for her to comply, and so she finally gets up on all fours, ass facing the mirror.
168) 5) dialog: Ass up, face down. Dom throws an uneasy look at Nate who stays in the mirror
168) 6) dialog: Do it. She does it --- and Nate stares long and deep into her reflection -- getting lost in that shit.
168) 7) dialog: Look at yourself in the glass --- Remaining in position Dom cocks her head back to look at reflection.
168) 8) dialog: Look at me looking at you. Dom looks at Nate in the mirror looking at her ass and bo but not her.
168) 9) dialog: Now touch it --- Dom touches herself, but with this command, it's now clea to her, everything has changed --- 106.
168) 10) dialog: Let me see you get yourself off --- It's all in Dom's eyes the whole terrible realization -- knows -- he knows who and what I am." Dom shuts her eyes and shuts down -- we can see her entir being go numb, her life force deaden -- and even though s complies to Nate's direction, it's mechanical, no feeling pleasure to it at all. Just nothingness, until finally --
168) 11) dialog: This is bullshit. You're not even trying --- (stands, finally looks directly into her eyes) I'd rather jerk off to a Playboy. And on that note, Nate blows out of the hotel room. Dom collapses on the bed and her whole world collapses in her. Curling up into a fetal position, she wraps herself a desperate hug -- and weeps like a wounded animal.
169) 0) text: Nate stands outside the room, back to the door, hearing D anguished cries --- wallowing in his own devastation, unt he finally turns and disappears down the hall.
173) 0) text: Stuffing the last of his clothes into a duffel, Nate give the place a last look, heads out.
174) 0) text: Dom and Elena watch and listen as Nate exits his apartmen building and has a brief exchange with Zoe and Thyia on t street. Nate and the girls hug farewell. He throws his ba into his car and drives away. Dom takes off her headphones and steps away from the came
175) 2) text: Nate stands out on a fifth floor balcony, looking down th block to see the protesters surging past the hotel's stre From inside he hears a KNOCK on his door.
176) 0) text: Nate opens his door, letting Benford and Gable in.
176) 2) dialog: Flight doesn't leave ‘til tonight. Sitting next to Benford, Gable cranks a bottle open and guzzles it. Stuffs the rest in his pocket.
176) 4) dialog: How'd you clear it with the brass?
176) 7) dialog: They're gonna crucify you for it.
176) 9) dialog: (cocked eyebrow at Gable) Ballsy move for a guy with no balls.
176) 13) dialog: Gable, you're such an asshole ---
176) 15) dialog: What happened with the girl?
176) 18) dialog: No, thanks. I'm done.
176) 20) dialog: Not be you. (beat) As much as I respect you guys, I don't wanna end up like you. No fuckin' way. Gable and Benford understand and appreciate the truth of Nate's position. With nothing left to say, they get up.
176) 22) dialog: Thanks, Sy. Nate earnestly shakes his hand. Shifts to Gable. They hug
176) 23) text: Reach out to me whenever you get to wherever the fuck you're going. As the men head to the door, Gable swipes the rest of the liquor bottles, fists them into his pocket. Nate smiles.
176) 24) dialog: Hey, Marty, do me a favor, would you? If and when Luka comes back, leave the kid alone -- ok? Gable flashes Nate grin before following Benford out.
177) 0) text: Nate lugs his bags out of the hotel and to a waiting taxi He shoves them in the back seat, gets in.
177) 1) dialog: Ellinikon. (off the driver's look) Don't worry, I got time.
178) 0) text: The cab drives through moderate traffic on a two-lane hig in a semi-industrial area on the outskirts of Athens. The stop at a red light behind a utility van. Nate's semi-napping. Green light. Traffic resumes. Suddenly the van SLAMS its breaks. The taxi rear ends it Nate's HURLED forward into the back of the front seat -- just as a Mercedes rear ends the taxi --- wedging the tax As Nate recovers, SEVEN MASKED TERRORISTS with Ak47s expl out of the van and Mercedes, quickly surround the taxi. TERRORIST#1 holds an AK to the terrified cab driver's hea reaches into the car, grabs the keys and tosses them --- While TERRORIST#2 & TERRORIST#3 grab at Nate, who resists Terrorist#2 SAVAGELY SMASHES him with the butt of his AK As they speed drag Nate to the van, Terrorist#1 pulls a p and shoots out the cab's driver side tires. Terrorists re to their vehicles and tear off -- its all over in 45 seco
179) 0) text: Nate is pinned to the floor. Terrorist#2 holds a gun to h temple. Terrorist#1 is on Nate's back, driving his knee i his spine while handcuffing Nate's hands behind his back, snapping them super tight. Terrorist#3 duct tapes his ank 114. Terrorist#1 flips Nate over and takes his mask off, revea it's Christos, Luka's cousin.
179) 2) dialog: You gotta be shitting me. Christos SMASHES Nate in the mouth, grabs Nate by the shi
179) 4) dialog: I didn't do anything ---
179) 7) dialog: Eat my fuck. SCREEN GOES BLACK as Christos pulls a hood over Nate's he
184) 0) text: Dom and Egorov enter, the guard closes, locks the door. D stands frozen as Egorov removes Nate's hood. Face swollen crusted in blood, Nate squints, trying to get oriented. Getting his bearings, Nate sees Egorov, then sees Dom --- Nate and Dom are trying to not betray any emotion. Egorov motions for Dom to sit in the chair against the wa behind the camera.
184) 2) dialog: Ours.
184) 5) text: Although they encourage talkativeness, it is next to impossible to discern the fact from the fiction in a subject's blabberings. Moving back to Nate, he holds up the ampule for him to se
184) 10) dialog: Red. Nate suddenly starts laughing but is still fighting.
184) 12) text: (weaker ) Red. Egorov checks his watch again, waits a beat. Observes the drug taking over, Nate becoming tranquil.
184) 14) dialog: --- White ---
186) 2) dialog: --- Burst transmission... Benford, he told me after I came back.
186) 4) dialog: Tuesday night, July 12th, in Istanbul.
186) 6) dialog: We had a date... I never showed.
186) 8) dialog: I didn't know about the Keyhole. They were searching for a technical breach --- but also a mole hunt. Dominique. Korchnoi told me she was a Center ops officer --- trained as a sparrow --- but it felt real...
186) 10) dialog: Us...
186) 12) dialog: Yes.
186) 14) dialog: I wanted to exfil him, but he refused. The line tap near Valensky bridge...
186) 16) dialog: I told Korchnoi we would blow it to give him cover...
186) 18) dialog: No. Egorov breaks into a big inward smile. He shuts off the camera, pulls the tape --- which he slides into his bag alongside FOUR OTHER TAPES. Egorov snaps another ampule into the injection gun and sh Nate up --- his body surges alive like shocked with electricity --- gasping for breath --- hyperawake. Nate's looking at Egorov like, "What the fuck just happened?"
187) 0) text: As Egorov heads to the main room, Dom stands outside the metal door, covering her face, wallowing in Nate's SCREAM Egorov reaches the end of the hall, glances back at her, shakes his head before disappearing into the main room. Dom suddenly WHIPS around, V-strikes the Guard in the nec with savage force, CRUSHING his trachea. He drops, gaspin Dom yanks away his AK and SLEDGEHAMMERS him in the head - knocking him out -- Nate's screams covering the sound ---
189) 0) text: Dom busts in, smoke flowing with her. Nate's stunned. She unbuckles him and he struggles to his feet. They flee --- 123.
190) 0) text: Nate and Dom struggle through the smoky room. She stops, remembering --- looking for the bag, she notices Egorov i gone. She scans around, sees a blood trail out of the hou Nate pulls her to the door, grabbing Lookout's AK on the
191) 0) text: Nate and Dom emerge from the burning house into predawn n a car is missing -- In the distance, Nate sees red-tailli speeding down the dirt road towards a highway. Nate pushes Dom to the passenger side of an Old Mercedes runs around to the drivers side, gets in. He rips out the ignition wires, hot wires it... Nate tears the car back, spins it around and hauls ass in pursuit, no lights on.
192) 0) text: Egorov careens onto the two-lane highway, his bag on the passenger seat. He's a mess, barely able to drive, close delirious -- bullet wounds in his upper chest and right l oozing blood. Every time he shifts gears he SCREAMS in pa Nitro in his veins, Nate stomps the gas, speed shifts, an cranks the wheel so the car slides onto the highway and t after Egorov --- Dom getting tossed around --- The Fiat's engine whining as Egorov fights through sweat blood to keep his shit together. Checks the rear view, se the dim outline of the Mercedes, doesn't know what it is. Nate gunning it full bore, gaining on Egorov. He slides t AK to Dom. She HAMMERS the windshield with the butt of the gun, spiderwebbing the glass. SMASHES it again. Then leans bac in her seat and kicks out the glass. The wind RUSHES IN. Just as Egorov hits an incline, he checks his rear view, recognizes the Mercedes bearing down on him --- As the hill steepens near the top, the Fiat engine scream in protest. He checks the mirror: the Mercedes is closing Egorov throttles over the crest. Olive groves on both sid of him, he kills his lights, hangs a left onto a dirt roa and cuts through the trees. As Nate crests the hill, he's lost sight of Egorov ---
192) 1) dialog: Where the fuck is he? 124. Dom spots the dust cloud between the olive trees ---
192) 4) dialog: Doesn't matter --- he's right in front of us --- light him up! Dom sprays fire into the dust cloud --- Egorov going full bore, hears the gunfire - shots CLANGIN into his car --- POP --- a bullet to the tire ---
192) 5) text: Nate and Dom see the Fiat burst from the dust cloud in a murderous barrel roll ---
192) 6) dialog: Oh shit. Nate gears down just as the Fiat careens over the cliff.. The Fiat plummets hundreds of feet --- when it hits the w the car SHATTERS APART. Nate and Dom running from their car to cliff's edge --- looking down at the sinking, mangled Fiat carcass --- Standing in utter silence, Dom is reeling. 125.
192) 7) dialog: We gotta go. Nate takes her hand to pull her, but she doesn't move ---
192) 9) dialog: Look, we'll figure it out --- but right now we gotta get out of here. Nate puts his arm around her, guides her to the car.
194) 0) text: Nate is in a phone booth, chinning the receiver, looking at Dom. They're both cleaned up, wearing poorly fitting s clothes, but their faces are battered.
195) 4) dialog: Yeah. Nate hangs up.
198) 1) text: Nate and Gable sit quietly in a study with a big desk, ch Nate gazes through the closed french doors into the livin room where Dom is in deep discussion with Forsyth and Ben The longer they take, the more uptight Nate gets.
198) 2) dialog: I should be in there with her --- Nate sees Dom throw a concerned glance at him, then turn Gable and Forsyth and nod as if agreeing to something hea
198) 3) dialog: What are they talking about? What'd they just get her to agree to?
198) 6) dialog: The fuck, Sy!? She can't ---
198) 9) dialog: Was this your idea, you sick twisted fuck?
198) 11) dialog: There's gotta be another way...
200) 1) text: Nate's laying on the bed, looking helpless and miserable. Dom pads in, sits on the bed next to him. He takes her ha
200) 2) dialog: What do you do when nothing in your life goes right?
200) 4) dialog: When's the pick-up?
200) 6) dialog: Can't believe you're going back. (beat) I don't know how you're gonna get through this.
201) 1) text: Nate ushers Dom to the back of a UTILITY VAN with FOUR CI AGENTS dressed like average Greeks waiting inside. She's about to say something to him, but her eyes take ov and tell him what her voice can't. Nate leans in close an whispers something into her ear... They give each other a delicate kiss and hug for last tim Dom gets into the van. As it drives off through the gates Nate gets into a car with Gable and Benford. Gable tears out, heading in the opposite direction.
204) 1) text: Nate, Gable, and Benford nestled on a mountainside lookin down at Dom's position through binoculars.
206) 1) text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES... Benford can see Nate's anxiety.
206) 2) dialog: They're gonna put her on the box, sweat her on every detail.
206) 4) dialog: What if they don't buy it?
209) 1) text: MUSIC CONTINUING. Nate, Gable, and Benford watch as the C pulls over, kills its lights, and waits.
212) 1) text: Everything quiet, just the wind. Nate, Gable and Benford watch the car pull away and head down the road.
212) 2) dialog: He's gone --- 132.
212) 4) dialog: I know him...
212) 6) dialog: Going out while getting blown by Pam Grier, that's a good death, not this. The men watch the car's tail lights receding in the dista Benford sees Nate's all broken up.
212) 8) dialog: In my dreams ---
212) 12) dialog: As soon as the time is right, I'm getting her and her sister out.
212) 14) dialog: I know. Brian Eno's "NEEDLES IN THE CAMEL'S EYE" kicks in hard as we... CUT TO BLACK.