2) 0) text: A TEA KETTLE on a wood stove alllmost whistles but a FEMA HAND lifts it out of frame as we begin to... Drift through the space, catching the details. Three room with a small kitchen area. A low insulated ceiling with plastic sheets duct taped over the windows. A pair of FUR-LINED BOOTS, knee-high and heavy, wait by front door where an AR-15 RIFLE is propped in the umbrell stand. A child’s .22 RIFLE leans in the corner. A CB RADIO hangs from a peg next to the CLOSET DOOR with PADLOCK on it. No phone that we can see. There’s a ratty COUCH with unfolded laundry on it. A soot FIREPLACE smolders with a COMPOUND BOW hung above the man And like an afterthought, a CRUDE MASK rests on the mantl made of driftwood and pelt. A wolf face. We find the WOMAN, sitting very still in a threadbare cha wearing a thick wool sweater, an untouched cup of tea in lap. Her name is MEDORA SLONE (30). Underfed, distant, with striking white-blond hair and pale, grey-gold eyes. She's just staring. At nothing, it seems. The wind keens faintly outside. The house creaks. Finally, she looks up.
3) 0) text: The heavy door opens inward and Medora peers out, hugging herself against the cold.
7) 1) dialog: Dear Mr. Core, Three days ago my son Bailey was taken by wolves. He reads, horribly spellbound...
7) 2) dialog: This happened twice already here. I tried to track them but could not. No one in the village will hunt them. I am alone here now. I have read your book. I know you have done this before. In my heart, I know that you are able to do it now. I do not expect you to find my son alive. But you could find his bones and maybe slaughter the wolf that took him. My husband will come home from the war soon. I must have something to show him. I can't just have nothing. I know you have sympathy for this animal. Please don't. Come and kill it to help me. My son's bones are in the snow. He sits there, surrounded by all those paintings.
7) 3) text: Sincerely yours, Medora Slone. A stunned, silent beat. He refolds the letter, sets it aside. And looks away.
10) 0) text: JET NOISE drowns everything as we find Core in a window s dozing. His eyes slit open and, vaguely disoriented, he g out at the dreamy purple sky. And he’s holding MEDORA’S LETTER, folded into quarters.
14) 0) text: Core drives one-handed, uncertainly consulting the map an scanning for landmarks. Scanning for anything. The SUN remains low in the sky. Long shadows, fewer build to be seen, much more snow. He sees distant shapes of CARIBOU moving along frozen wat He sees WHIRLS of snowy wind, miniature sideways tornados He sees a LONE FIGURE in a DOG SLED whisking across the plains, drawn by a bounding team of HUSKIES. He drives onward. Medora’s FOLDED LETTER rides shotgun.
19) 0) text: The road ends. He parks and glances around before wading through knee-high snow up towards the cabin where... A RUSTY RED TRUCK is parked. Caribou antlers hang over th door. Maybe a welcome, maybe a warning. As he gets closer The door opens. Medora Slone appears, uncertainly, holdin dog-eared PAPERBACK BOOK to herself. A moment, the two of them looking at each other across th distance to her door. FROM OVER MEDORA’S SHOULDER, we see her lift the book, consult the AUTHOR’S PHOTO on the back: it’s that Yellows picture we saw in Core's house. 10. And just beyond it, there’s Core in the flesh, but stoope slightly and breathing hard as he approaches.
20) 0) text: THE KITCHEN TABLE is stacked with dishes of food villager have brought: caribou soup, fry bread, pies and canned fr Core sits by the wood stove, a fresh cup of tea in his ha He looks up from those HEAVY FUR-LINED BOOTS in the corne stare uncomfortably across at-- Medora, who sits on the couch, straight-backed, unblinkin
20) 1) dialog: I didn’t think you’d really come. When I wrote you I was...I guess I was going to try anything.
20) 3) dialog: (re: book) Canis lupus.
20) 5) dialog: “Apex predator.” What’s that mean?
20) 7) dialog: You’ve come to kill it? To kill the animal that took him?
20) 9) dialog: The explanation is we’re cursed here. The only help is to kill it.
20) 11) dialog: You’ve hunted and killed one before. That’s what you wrote. He winces at that statement, it actually pains him. She h him the book as if to say, See? He turns it over...
20) 13) dialog: It found me. I don’t know how. It was just here one day. Says that in the same tone as, At the bookstore. He reset
20) 15) dialog: I was thinking they'd show after breakup. You know...the thaw. She stares off at the RIFLE in the corner, unseeing..
20) 16) dialog: I would have killed the thing myself, if I could have found it. Goddamn demon. Goddamn murderer. I tried to find it. Core shakes his head gently, sets his tea down.
20) 18) dialog: A shaman’s mask. Someone brought it here. (back to Core) Can I ask you a personal question? (off his nod) Do you have a child? 12.
20) 20) dialog: A teacher like her father.
20) 22) dialog: That city’s not Alaska. Something in her tone there, something dark.
20) 23) dialog: (quietly) Do you have any idea what’s out those windows? How black it gets? How that black gets into you? Let me tell you Mr. Core, you’re not on Earth here.
20) 25) dialog: I was brought here when I was a child, that makes me not from here.
20) 27) dialog: I don’t remember. I never asked. (beat, out the window) I don’t understand what they’re doing here.
20) 29) dialog: Wolves.
20) 31) dialog: (gesturing, this cabin) But I don’t understand what they’re doing here. Why is this happening to me? Why now?
20) 33) dialog: Men were supposed to call him. I can’t tell him while he’s there. He’1ll see what has happened when he comes home, what we’ve done, what no one was able to stop.
20) 35) dialog: They're afraid. Or they think we deserve it.
20) 37) dialog: Stay here a while. You might. He struggles for the next thing to say. It takes him a bi
20) 39) dialog: Yes, I am. Come, I’1ll show you where the children were taken. As she stands, she looks sourly at his feet...
20) 40) dialog: Are those your only boots? 14.
20) 42) dialog: You’1l need better boots.
21) 0) text: CORE NOW WEARS THE HEAVY FUR-LINED BOOTS, tromping throug the snow with Medora, behind the village. Their crunching footfalls are like a heartbeat. K-knch, k-knch, k-knch. They pass by HEAVY EQUIPMENT kept behind cabins: overturn canoes, gas augers to drill lake ice, shovels and chainsa But hills and the forest sweep before them, eerily majest
21) 2) dialog: You don’t understand.
21) 4) dialog: That’s not a question I ask myself. I see pictures in magazines, vacation pictures with sand and girls in bathing suits. Seems so strange to me. (gesturing into the woods) There’s a hot springs, not so far, a few hours walking. That’s as close as I can get to warmth.
21) 6) dialog: (absently) Good place to get clean. He wonders at her until nearing ENGINE NOISE prompts him look out at... A WHITE-HAIRED YUP’IK MAN and his YOUNG BOY rumbling by o SNOWMOBILE in low gear, both with rifles, pulling a dead MOOSE CALF on a sled. Passing in a powdery swirl, they stare at Core. 15.
22) 0) text: As Medora and Core crest a low rise and inch sideways dow towards the ice...
22) 2) dialog: I never met him anywhere. I knew him my whole life, I don’t have a memory he isn’t in. Something bitter comes into her voice, hissing almost--
22) 3) dialog: And he left me here with a sick child.
22) 5) dialog: Someone on the radio said it’s not a real war.
22) 7) dialog: He said he’d never leave me. Words can’t be worthless like that. They stop there and she points out across the pond.
22) 8) dialog: That's where the first boy was taken. OUT THERE, snowy wind skirls over the surface of the pond the WOODS beyond looming in shadow.
22) 9) dialog: After that, they had men with rifles on the high points. And they walked the children to school. But it didn’t matter for Bailey.
23) 0) text: Medora and Core stand atop the hill as the day fades into greyish half-light. 16.
23) 1) dialog: The second was a girl, here. Cheeon’s daughter. She was sledding and the wolf came from behind her. Core glances behind them, then up at the disappearing sun
23) 3) dialog: Yes. My husband’s friend.
23) 5) dialog: No. I don’t suppose you could. So Core tries to move on from that...
23) 7) dialog: No. He wasn’t the right one.
23) 10) dialog: He stopped going to school after my husband left.
23) 12) dialog: There was nothing normal about my son. 17.
23) 14) dialog: Stop apologizing to me. (back to him) How did it feel to shoot that female wolf?
23) 16) dialog: Even though she'd taken a child, too? (off his reluctant nod) Because you think it’s the natural order? He chooses his words more carefully.
23) 18) dialog: What happened here happened to me. She turns and trudges off. He stands there a moment, looking down the hill where all those sled tracks crisscross and interlace.
24) 0) text: Core sits by the stove, slurping the last of some hot sou mopping the bowl with fry bread. As he sets it aside... Medora appears before him, hands him a CIGARETTE and MATC and then a CHOCOLATE BAR. She watches as he lights the smoke, takes a drag, has a b of chocolate. Savoring all of it. 18.
24) 2) dialog: Will she expect you home soon?
24) 4) dialog: What about your wife? He seems to notice it for the first time. Smiles sadly.
24) 6) dialog: I have a quilt and pillow for you. I can see you're tired. I...I can’t pay anything.
24) 8) dialog: Good night, Mr. Core. He watches her drift away and close the bedroom door. Cli
25) 0) text: THE ELECTRIC HEATER ticks, glows infernal orange in the d From somewhere else, a VOICE. Barely audible but...angry. On the couch, curled under a heavy quilt, Core blinks awa What is that? He looks to-- 19. THE BEDROOM DOOR, open just a crack, spilling light. He gets up, crosses the room in his thermals, leans in so SLICE OF LIGHT falls over one eye as he sees-- INTO THE BEDROOM, where Medora sits in the STEAMING BATHT purposefully scrubbing her back with a hard brush. Her sk is rubbed raw and she MUTTERS angry, unknowable words. Ashamed, Core drops his eyes and backs away. He returns to the couch, gets under the quilt and rolls o to face away from the bedroom. But then... He hears the DOOR open. Hears quiet FOOTSTEPS in the room Rolls back over to see... MEDORA, glistening wet, naked by the window, tearing away plastic so the room now swells in ghastly blue moonlight. She turns to face him. She has the WOLF MASK on her face. He stares at her a long moment, terrified and heartbroken utterly unsure what to do. She removes the mask, drops it carelessly. Goes to him. P the quilt back, slips under the covers, facing out. He tries to give her space but there’s nowhere for him to She pulls his arm over her, above the covers. So he holds her like that, two spoons, unable to see the she stares out at the moonlight. Pleadingly? It’s not sex, just warmth. But then, slowly, she guides h HAND up to her THROAT...and holds it there. Tightly. Like willing him to squeeze as her tears spill in silence. Together, they gaze out the WINDOW...
33) 0) text: Which is Medora pulling off a length of DUCT TAPE, which then wraps around the barrel of the AR-15. Across the room, Core again pulls on SLONE’S HEAVY BOOTS. Medora opens a duffel, unpacks a CARIBOU-HIDE SUIT: a thi and heavy one-piece covering, like a hooded poncho. She presents it to Core as weak light simmers outside.
34) 0) text: Core steps outside in the caribou suit, a PACK and the AR slung over his shoulders, SNOWSHOES on the big boots. Behind him, Medora cinches her robe. A light dusting of S is falling. Core looks up at it, shudders...
34) 2) dialog: What’s that mean?
34) 4) dialog: It’s never too cold to snow. (glancing up) There’s something wrong with the sky. He gives her a look, consults the COMPASS he’s holding in THICKLY-GLOVED HAND. North, the needle shows. He nods to her. She nods back. And... From afar, we see Core trudge away from the cabin, toward where that wolf came from, and Medora disappears back ins
62) 0) text: THE REAR DOOR where he enters, another wad of police tape his hand. He moves in a sure but unhurried way. We follow him, catching fast glimpses of what he does. Time is brok INSTANT COFFEE, boiling water going into a mug. A SANDWICH, hard bread and cold cuts slapped together, Sl chewing mechanically, gulping coffee. IN THE BEDROOM MIRROR he peels off his bandage and applie antiseptic cream to his HEALING GUNSHOT WOUND. A CUPBOARD is opened and Slone (now with a fresh bandage his neck) retrieves a 9MM HANDGUN and BOX OF AMMO. A DUFFEL BAG is opened and the 9MM, a 12 GAUGE AUTOLOADER REMINGTON RIFLE, the AR-15 and VARIOUS AMMO go inside. THE COMPOUND BOW is grabbed, a QUIVER of arrows. FROM A FOOTLOCKER, socks, leggings, Maglite, binoculars. FROM A DRAWER, a POLAROID PHOTO: Medora, posed on the edg a river in hiking gear, smiling awkwardly. A WICKER BASKET, pawing inside it until he brings back a of MEDORA’S UNDERWEAR. He inhales them, precisely. And then sees something else, bends to get it...one of BAILEY’S LITTLE T-SHIRTS. His hand closes tightly on it. EXT. ILLANAQ’S HUT - NIGHT ILLANAQ waits before her hut, FIRELIGHT crackling behind for a semi-silhouette. She sees something and shuffles ba inside because... Slone is coming this way, inexorably, through the snow. INT. ILLANAQ’S HUT - SAME Illanagq sits by her fireplace, a halved oil drum turned its side. Pelts, cordwood, leather-bound books as furnitu She holds a faceless HEX DOLL for comfort. THE WIND stirs sparks and then Slone is sitting across fr her, firelight gleaming on the blade of his Bowie knife. 47.
76) 0) text: And Vernon Slone’s at the BACK WINDOW, staring out at him with a predatory stillness. He’s uninjured here, younger. Medora drifts up to his side, gazing out the window as we So, again, this is some other time.
76) 1) dialog: Who is he?
76) 3) dialog: He looks hungry.
76) 5) dialog: Take him something so he'll go, Vernon. Vernon looks at her, a faint warmth passing over his face and he goes. As Medora looks uneasily back out the window WE TILT DOWN to find her PREGNANT BELLY. Eight months or 71.
78) 0) text: Medora lays asleep on the bed, curled on her side under a quilt in the mostly-dark room. Slone watches her from the doorway with something almost fear.
81) 0) text: CLOSE ON MEDORA, a film of perspiration on her face, winc in discomfort as she comes blearily half-awake to see... A SHAPE in the doorway, looking in at her.
81) 1) dialog: .-.-what’re you doing, baby? THE SHAPE doesn’t answer. She sits up, achingly holding her belly.
81) 2) dialog: .--oh God...something’s happening. And now, her eyes adjusting, she sees that it’s not Slone standing in the doorway. Her face hardens in terror.
81) 3) dialog: There’s money in a jar by the sink. Fifty dollars. And food. The Drifter’s manner is calmly sympathetic, comforting ev
82) 0) text: HER SCREAM ECHOES INTO THIS TIME as Slone stares out his truck, living that memory, suffused in cold orange light. He looks to the passenger seat and reaches for... A FOLDED MAP, revealing that POLAROID of Medora beneath. We’1l notice the COMPOUND BOW wedged behind the seat, his DUFFEL BAG with the guns in it. As he studies the map... SLONE’S POV (MACRO ON THE MAP) moves from a splash of LAK until it lands on A SMALL DOT: ‘KMC-13’. He sets the map down, puts the truck in gear. EXT. LAKE — SAME SLONE’S TRUCK pulls away from this seemingly infinite bod water where the Sun collapses into molten copper.
97) 6) dialog: Hurry. They continue up towards the cave.
97) 8) dialog: (whisper) We'll stay here forever. In this place. 94.
115) 20) dialog: (softly) You understand about the sky now, don’t you? He just stares back at her, his non-answer a kind of Yes. They shoulder their packs and the rifle, stand there for moment, solemnly staring down at Core. And then they walk past him, on out of the cave without another word. Grunting with pain and effort, Core rolls over to see out the CAVE OPENING where... OUT THERE, Slone and Medora walk away together, gradually disappearing into a blast of snowy wind.