0) 197) dialog: (in a low voice) I told you she wasn't especially  attractive, but that she had a good  deal of charm, and she's really a  real nice girl...
0) 199) dialog: I told you she wasn't attractive...
0) 201) dialog: Millie's been after me to fix her up  with a date, so I...
0) 203) text: They join the two girls waiting for them and start up the broad stairway to the second floor. They are halfway up,  when two GIRLS come in at the top of the stairs and start down. Dr. Keegan, who is holding Clara's arm, looks up, n STARDUST BALLROOM, ANTEROOM. This is a small, carpeted lobby with TICKET TAKER in boot a cloak room and rest rooms. Painted posters on the walls announce coming events and caution against smoking. There are also large blow-ups of musicians who had played this  ballroom at one time and went on to bigger things. About or seven PEOPLE congregate in the lobby, engaged in vario indifferent activities. CAMERA ANGLES include the swinging doors, as Clara, Andy, Millie and Dr. Keegan come in. As they enter, the doors t the ballroom proper are pushed out, and a GIRL in a black dress, quite pretty, comes in. She starts across the ante toward the cloak room, when Dr. Keegan calls out suddenly her.
0) 216) dialog: Boy, it's packed in here.
0) 219) dialog: You been up here before, Clara?
0) 222) dialog: Hey, Herbie...
0) 224) dialog: (continues) Hey, Herbie...
0) 226) dialog: You wanna have a drink before we  start dancing?
0) 228) text: He turns and moves quickly through the crowded lounge, ba to the swinging doors leading into the anteroom. CAMERA S with Clara, Millie and Andy staring after him.
0) 229) dialog: So what do you say, Clara? Wanna see  if we can get a table?
0) 402) text: They stroll along farther up the noisy, jangled, traffick Saturday night avenue. GRAND CONCOURSE LUNCHEONETTE. NIGHT. Once a candy store, now a soda fountain where booths have been installed in the rear. One wall of the luncheonette front is covered with magazines from floor to ceiling. It a nice clean joint, brightly lit. Several CUSTOMERS are  occupying three of the four booths. BOOTH. They sit opposite each other in the booth. Each has a cup coffee. Marty is still talking, but now he is apparently  telling a story so funny that he can hardly get the words out. The hilarity has communicated itself to Clara. Her e are burning with suppressed laughter. Every now and then has to gasp to control the bubbly giggling inside of her.