0) 53) dialog: (without looking up) So waddaya feel like doing tonight?
0) 55) dialog: Well, we oughta do something. It's  Saturday night. I don't wanna go  bowling like last Saturday. How about  calling up that big girl we picked  up inna movies about a month ago in  the RKO Chester?
0) 57) dialog: That big girl that was sitting in  front of us with the skinny friend.
0) 59) dialog: We took them home alla way out in  Brooklyn. Her name was Mary Feeney.  What do you say? You think I oughta  give her a ring? I'll take the skinny  one.
0) 61) dialog: Well, let's call her up. What can we  lose?
0) 63) dialog: Well, what do you feel like doing  tonight?
0) 65) dialog: Well, we're back to that, huh? I say  to you, "What do you feel like doing  tonight?" And you say to me, "I don't  know, what do you feel like doing?"  And then we wind up sitting around  your house with a coupla cansa beer,  watching Sid Caesar on television.  Well, I tell you what I feel like  doing. I feel like calling up this  Mary Feeney. She likes you.
0) 67) dialog: I could see she likes you.
0) 69) dialog: (half-rising in his  seat) I'll call her up.
0) 71) text: Angie sits down again. They both return to their papers f a moment. Then Angie looks up again.
0) 72) dialog: How about going downa Seventy-Second  Street, see what we can find? Ralph  says you have to beat them off with  clubs.
0) 74) dialog: Boy, you're getting to be a real  drag, you know that?
0) 76) dialog: My old lady, every word outta her  mouth, when you gonna get married?
0) 78) text: Angie leans back in his seat, scowls at the paper napkin  container on the booth table. Marty returns to the sports page. For a moment, a silence hangs between them.
0) 79) dialog: So what do you feel like doing  tonight?
0) 231) text: They turn and move toward the booths. BALLROOM. The dance floor is fairly dark. A romantic effect is achi by papier-mГўchГ© over the chandeliers. Around the walls the stag lines -- the MEN and waiting GIRLS. They stand s or in small uneasy groups. There is constant flux and  movement. CAMERA DOLLIES slowly past the stag line, moving past fac short, fat, tall, thin stags. Some pretend indifference.  Some exhibit patent hunger. CAMERA HOLDS ANGLING to include Marty, Angie near the end the stag line. They are freshly shaved and groomed. MARTY AND ANGIE. They are leaning against the wall smoking, watching their more fortunate brethren on the floor in the background.
0) 232) dialog: Not a bad crowd tonight, you know?
0) 234) dialog: (looking off-screen) There's a nice-looking little short  one for you right now.
0) 236) dialog: Down there. That little one there.
0) 237) text: REVERSE ANGLE PAST Marty and Angie across the dance floor toward the wall opposite, where three GIRLS are standing. Two are leaning against the wall. The third is facing the with her back to the dance floor. This last girl is the o Angie has in mind. She is a cute little kid about twenty wears a bright smile. MARTY AND ANGIE. They stare off toward the three girls across the room.
0) 239) dialog: Well, waddaya say, you wanna ask  them? I'll take the one inna green  dress.
0) 243) text: The two cavaliers turn their heads and look off-screen in the direction of the three girls. Apparently, the girls a still there. Marty and Angie relinquish their lounging  positions against the wall and slouch along past the line stags with a show of determined unconcern. They edge thro the crush of people on the non-dancing margin of the danc floor and slowly push their way toward the... THREE GIRLS. Marty and Angie come in and start to approach the three g The girls, aware of the boys' presence, stiffen and their chatter comes to a halt. Angie advances to one of the gir
0) 244) dialog: Waddaya say, you wanna dance?
0) 245) text: The girl looks surprised, as if this were an extraordinar invitation to receive in a dance hall, looks confounded a her two friends, shrugs, detaches herself from the wall,  moves to the outer fringe of the pack of dancers, raises hand languidly to dancing position and awaits Angie with  ineffable boredom. Marty, smiling tentatively, addresses SHORT GIRL.
0) 414) text: For a moment they seem to have controlled their laughter. They sit, shaking their heads, studying their fingers on table in front of them. Then slowly, Marty begins to gigg again. It communicates itself to Clara. In a moment they hiding their faces in their hands, their shoulders shiver with laughter. STARDUST BALLROOM. CLOSE ON Angie. His eyes look slowly in every direction.  CAMERA PULLS BACK disclosing Angie standing on the fringe the dance floor, head arched high, looking at the crowded dance floor. He starts back to the archway toward the lou looking over his shoulder. ARCHWAY. Angie comes into the archway, throws one more glance over his shoulder at the dance floor, then turns and enters th LOUNGE. Angie walks down the length of the lounge, looking into t booths and simultaneously at the PEOPLE moving back and f in the lounge. At the far end of the lounge, he turns and comes back along the bar side, checking each face at the  bar. ANTEROOM. There are three young BUCKOES laying out their money for  admission. One of them calls to Angie.
0) 416) dialog: A buncha dogs.
0) 417) text: He crosses to the Men's Room. MEN'S ROOM. Angie comes into a momentarily empty room. Angie goes the full length of the white tiled room, past the wash bowls, the long mirror, bending to look under the doors of the  stalls. Suddenly he calls out.
0) 418) dialog: Hey, Marty! Hey, Marty, you in here?!
0) 457) text: Clara smiles at this innocent gaucherie, then edges out o the booth, taking her purse with her. 187TH STREET. NIGHT. HIGH ANGLE SHOT of Angie meandering down the street on wh the neighborhood bar is located. It is near midnight, and the street is empty except for Angie and the CLACKING of leather heels on the pavement. He comes to the bar, opens the door, enters... THE BAR. NIGHT. The SOUNDS of Saturday night revelry are loud, coming mos from the Irish contingent of the neighborhood. They are  grouped along practically the whole bar. Three or four WO and a number of shirtsleeved MEN, mostly in their late  forties, early fifties. We know they're Irish, because on of the younger men is chanting an auld country ballad. CAMERA ANGLES disclose the entrance to the bar in the  background, showing Angie coming in, looking here and the He starts toward the bar. NEAR BAR. TWO IRISH WOMEN, middle-aged, squat heavily on bar stools over their schooners of beer, gassing away at each other.
0) 459) text: Angie shuffles in, pausing near the bar and standing behi the two Irish women.
0) 462) dialog: Hey, Lou!
0) 466) dialog: (loudly) Hey, Lou!
0) 470) dialog: (calling to the  Bartender) Marty been in here the last coupla  hours or so?
0) 474) dialog: (calling to the  Bartender, but even  more to himself) Where is everybody? I been walking  around, I can't find anybody...
0) 481) text: Angie has nothing better to do than give his attention to the last lines of the story. Perturbed, he turns and leav NEAR ELEVATED SUBWAY. NIGHT. With street NOISES over the scene, Marty and Clara walk a through the intricate understructure of the elevated subw toward Webster Avenue. STREET. Marty and Clara walk slowly along a side street in Marty' neighborhood. The streets are almost empty; perhaps an  occasional PEDESTRIAN on the other side of the street. Th cars are parked bumper-to-bumper in lines along the curb. The five-story apartment buildings are mostly dark, an  occasional window lit. Marty suddenly stops and bends down; his shoe lace has be untied. Clara sits back against the fender of the nearest car and continues talking.
0) 624) dialog: Hey!!
0) 626) dialog: (starting toward Marty  and Clara, shouting) Hey!
0) 627) text: Angie starts into the street without waiting for the ligh to change. Impatiently, he has to wait until traffic stop for the light.
0) 628) dialog: (shouting as he goes) Hey, Marty! Hey!
0) 629) text: Marty and Clara still stand, seeming not to hear Angie.
0) 631) text: Marty and Clara turn and stare off-screen. Angie pushes his way through the CROWD on the sidewalk an manages to join Marty and Clara.
0) 632) dialog: Where you been, for Pete sakes?! I  been looking all over for you.
0) 634) dialog: I been looking all over for you!
0) 635) text: Angie is absolutely unaware of, or simply refuses to  acknowledge the presence of the girl. He has pushed himse in between Marty and Clara, and addresses himself entirel to Marty.
0) 638) text: Angie acknowledges the introduction with a surly nod.
0) 639) dialog: (completely ignoring  Clara now) Waddaya gonna do now?
0) 641) dialog: You want me to ride down with you?
0) 643) dialog: It's early.
0) 645) dialog: It's Saturday night! There's still  plenty-a action around!
0) 647) text: Angie stares with thick, sullen jealousy at his best frie He turns sharply and starts away from Marty and Clara.
0) 648) dialog: (as he goes) All right, I'll see you!
0) 650) text: Angie, feeling rejected and jealous, moves swiftly out in the other PEDESTRIANS on Fordham Road.
0) 801) text: Angie reaches over to Marty's plate and filches a piece o rissole, evidently annoying Marty.
0) 803) dialog: Oh, I couldn't eat nothing. My mother  just stuffed me right up to the jaws.
0) 807) dialog: Listen, somebody turn onna ballgame.  It must be after one o'clock by now.
0) 809) dialog: Who you gonna call?
0) 811) dialog: Are you kidding?
0) 813) dialog: You got me mad, that's why. Hey,  Joe, show Marty that picture.
0) 820) dialog: Marty, let's go downna Seventy-Second  Street area tonight.
0) 822) dialog: Boy, you really musta made out good  last night.
0) 824) dialog: Boy, she musta been some talker. She  musta been about fifty years old.
0) 829) dialog: She musta kept you inna shadows all  night.
0) 831) dialog: Let's go downa Seventy-Second Street.
0) 833) dialog: (angry) Brush her. Listen, you wanna come  with me tonight, or you wanna go  with this dog?
0) 835) dialog: I looked all over for you last night,  you know that?
0) 839) dialog: A nothing. A real nothing.
0) 852) text: They eat silently a moment. 187TH STREET. BAR. NIGHT. CLOSE-UP of Marty leaning against the wall in front of th bar. A group of young men lounge about, killing time. Angie, Leo and Joe are among them. There are perhaps four five other young MEN, loosely divided into two groups. Th group that concerns us has Marty and the others mentioned and GEORGE, a young man in a sport jacket.
0) 855) dialog: (to George) You don't feel like going downna  Seventy-Second Street?
0) 859) dialog: Come on, let's go down Seventy-Second  Street, walk around. We're sure to  wind up with something.
0) 872) text: He has said this in tones so loud that it attracts the  attention of the few PEOPLE on the street. A little  embarrassed by the attention he's getting, he turns, open the door to the bar, and goes into it. After a stunned moment, Angie hurries after him. INSIDE THE BAR. Marty marches the length of the room toward the phone boo in the rear. CAMERA ANGLES to disclose Angie right behind him. Marty is about to enter one of the phone booths, but he s as Angie hurries up to him.
0) 873) dialog: Watsa matter with you?
0) 876) text: Marty has been fishing in his pocket for his address book He opens it to its proper page and steps decisively into phone booth. Nearby, Angie prowls around outside the booth. The booth  door is open. Marty starts to dial. A hush fills the room except for the CLICKING of the telephone dial. INSIDE THE PHONE BOOTH. The look of fury has drained from Marty's face. He holds receiver to his ear, glances out toward Angie. CAMERA ANG to include Angie.
0) 880) text: As Angie looks miserable, and Marty slowly reaches out an pushes the phone booth door shut, and continues to talk i the phone, we very slowly... FADE OUT.