0) 203) text: They join the two girls waiting for them and start up the broad stairway to the second floor. They are halfway up,  when two GIRLS come in at the top of the stairs and start down. Dr. Keegan, who is holding Clara's arm, looks up, n STARDUST BALLROOM, ANTEROOM. This is a small, carpeted lobby with TICKET TAKER in boot a cloak room and rest rooms. Painted posters on the walls announce coming events and caution against smoking. There are also large blow-ups of musicians who had played this  ballroom at one time and went on to bigger things. About or seven PEOPLE congregate in the lobby, engaged in vario indifferent activities. CAMERA ANGLES include the swinging doors, as Clara, Andy, Millie and Dr. Keegan come in. As they enter, the doors t the ballroom proper are pushed out, and a GIRL in a black dress, quite pretty, comes in. She starts across the ante toward the cloak room, when Dr. Keegan calls out suddenly her.
0) 213) text: She turns and continues on to the cloak room. Dr. Keegan  turns to Clara.
0) 218) dialog: (nervously looking at  Dr. Keegan) I wouldn't think so. I teach out in  Brooklyn.
0) 220) dialog: Yeah, twice.
0) 228) text: He turns and moves quickly through the crowded lounge, ba to the swinging doors leading into the anteroom. CAMERA S with Clara, Millie and Andy staring after him.
0) 230) dialog: All right.
0) 262) text: Dr. Keegan shrugs, moves down the line of stag guys. Mart turns to watch him, still a little shocked at the proposi The Doctor approaches THREE STAGS and obviously broaches subject with one of them. This STAG seems more receptive the idea. Dr. Keegan takes out a wallet and gives the Sta five dollar bill. The Stag detaches himself from the wall and, a little ill-at-ease, follows the Doctor. Marty stands against the wall, watching the Doctor and th Stag, who come in and move past him. Concerned and curiou Marty stares after them, then moves out of his leaning  position, following in their general direction. Marty moves through the crush of young men and women in t area around the dance floor. ALCOVE NEAR ARCHWAY. As Marty reaches the alcove that separates the dance floo proper from the lounge, he pauses and looks off toward th booths. LOUNGE. Clara sits about halfway down the length of the booths. D Keegan and the Stag stand over her, talking to her. She i looking up at them, her hands nervously gripping a Coca C glass. Dr. Keegan is obviously introducing the Stag to Cl and is going through some story about being called away o an emergency. The Stag is presented as her escort-to-be, will see to it that she gets home safely. Clara is not taken in by any of this, although she is try hard not to seem affected. She politely rejects the Stag' company and will go home by herself, thanks for asking an Dr. Keegan makes a few mild protestations, and then he an the Stag leave the booth and start back toward the archwa ARCHWAY. From where Marty stands, he can watch Clara, as well as D Keegan and the Stag. The Doctor and the Stag start past M and he catches their conversation.
0) 265) text: They move past and away and Marty stares after them befor he turns his attention toward Clara off-screen. Clara is sitting as she was, gripping and ungripping the  glass of Coca Cola in front of her. Her eyes are closed.  Then, with a little nervous shake of her head she gets ou of the booth and stands momentarily at a loss for what ne to do. As she glances around, CAMERA ANGLES to include a  sign over an exit that reads "Fire Escape." Clara starts  moving toward that door. Marty is staring off-screen toward Clara. He slowly works his way down the length of the lounge in the general dire of the fire escape. LOUNGE. Near the entrance to the fire escape, Clara comes into vi Background sounds continue steadily. Marty is walking the length of the lounge and suddenly st and stares off-screen. Clara disappears through the exit onto the fire escape  outside. Marty watches. Then he continues on, crossing the thresho of the... FIRE ESCAPE. It is sizeable, almost a small balcony. It looks out onto the backs of innumerable five-story apartment houses. Cla is standing by the railing, her back toward the camera, h head sunk down. She is crying. Marty watches her for a mo before moving a step or two forward. Clara doesn't turn. Marty tries to think of something to  say.
0) 267) text: Clara slowly turns to Marty, her face streaked with tears her lips trembling. Then, in one of those moments of  simultaneous impulse, she lurches to Marty with a sob, an Marty takes her to him. They stand in an awkward embrace, Marty a little embarras looking back through the fire escape doors to the lounge, wondering if anybody is seeing them. He reaches back with one hand, and contrives, with some effort, to push one of the heavy iron doors shut. He returns his hand around the girl's shoulders. He stands stiffly, allowing her to cry his chest, as we... FADE OUT.
0) 362) dialog: I was up here twice before. Once  with a friend of mine and once I  came up alone. The last time... do  you see that girl in the gray dress  sitting over there?
0) 364) dialog: Well, the last time I was up here,  that's where I sat. I sat there for  an hour and a half, without moving a  muscle. Now and then, some fellow  would sort of walk up to me and then  change his mind. I'll never forget  just sitting there for an hour and a  half with my hands in my lap. Then I  began to cry, and I had to get up  and go home.
0) 366) dialog: This is something recent with me,  this bursting into tears at the least  thing.
0) 368) dialog: I'm having a very good time, too.
0) 370) dialog: You're a very nice guy, and I don't  know why some girl hasn't grabbed  you off long ago.
0) 372) text: Clara smiles briefly at this.
0) 375) dialog: I'm twenty-nine years old. How old  are you?
0) 379) dialog: Benjamin Franklin High School.
0) 381) text: He has reached the street landing and waits for Clara to  catch up with him. They stand in front of the glass doors leading to the street. BALLROOM VESTIBULE. GLASS DOORS.
0) 383) text: He pushes the glass door open to... THE STREET OUTSIDE THE STARDUST BALLROOM. As Marty and Clara emerge onto the sidewalk of West Farms Square, they pause again. It is about nine o'clock, and the busy street is brightly lit from the stores. PASSERSBY hurry on their way. The elevated subway RUMBLES over-head intermittently.
0) 391) text: Suddenly he looks at Clara, rather startled.
0) 395) text: They reach the corner intersection. CAMERA HOLDS on Marty he pauses again. He stares at Clara, confused at his stra loquacity.
0) 397) text: Marty stares at Clara, absolutely aghast at his inability stop talking.
0) 399) text: He stands there in the middle of the sidewalk with PEOPLE moving past, back and forth. Marty continues to stare at  Clara, his broad face widened by a foolish, confused smil Clara regards him affectionately.
0) 401) dialog: Thank you.
0) 402) text: They stroll along farther up the noisy, jangled, traffick Saturday night avenue. GRAND CONCOURSE LUNCHEONETTE. NIGHT. Once a candy store, now a soda fountain where booths have been installed in the rear. One wall of the luncheonette front is covered with magazines from floor to ceiling. It a nice clean joint, brightly lit. Several CUSTOMERS are  occupying three of the four booths. BOOTH. They sit opposite each other in the booth. Each has a cup coffee. Marty is still talking, but now he is apparently  telling a story so funny that he can hardly get the words out. The hilarity has communicated itself to Clara. Her e are burning with suppressed laughter. Every now and then has to gasp to control the bubbly giggling inside of her.
0) 404) text: He has to interrupt the narrative to control a seizure of giggles. Clara wipes her eyes and catches her breath.
0) 408) text: It's too much for him. He lets out a sudden guffaw and  instantly smothers it under shaking shoulders. Clara hide her face in her hands and giggles desperately. Some of th other people turn to look at them.
0) 414) text: For a moment they seem to have controlled their laughter. They sit, shaking their heads, studying their fingers on table in front of them. Then slowly, Marty begins to gigg again. It communicates itself to Clara. In a moment they hiding their faces in their hands, their shoulders shiver with laughter. STARDUST BALLROOM. CLOSE ON Angie. His eyes look slowly in every direction.  CAMERA PULLS BACK disclosing Angie standing on the fringe the dance floor, head arched high, looking at the crowded dance floor. He starts back to the archway toward the lou looking over his shoulder. ARCHWAY. Angie comes into the archway, throws one more glance over his shoulder at the dance floor, then turns and enters th LOUNGE. Angie walks down the length of the lounge, looking into t booths and simultaneously at the PEOPLE moving back and f in the lounge. At the far end of the lounge, he turns and comes back along the bar side, checking each face at the  bar. ANTEROOM. There are three young BUCKOES laying out their money for  admission. One of them calls to Angie.
0) 419) text: He waits for an answer... GRAND CONCOURSE LUNCHEONETTE. CLOSE ON Marty and Clara still in the booth, but two more cups of coffee have been set down in front of each of the There are also two pie-plates. Clara has left half of her pie. Also an empty pack of cigarettes, and another pack h gone. They are both smoking. Marty is still talking, but mood is no longer laughter. A pensive, speculative hush h fallen over them. They have been talking for hours, and t have reached the stage where you start tearing designs in the paper napkins.
0) 421) dialog: (deeply sympathetic) Yes, I know.
0) 423) dialog: Yes, I know.
0) 425) dialog: There's nothing wrong with being a  butcher.
0) 427) dialog: I don't.
0) 430) dialog: It's my feeling that you really want  to buy this shop, Marty.
0) 432) text: Clara looks down at her fingers, her face alive and sensi She carefully assembles her words in her mind. Then she l at the squat butcher across the table from her.
0) 433) dialog: Marty, I know you for three hours,  but I know you're a good butcher.  You're an intelligent, sensitive,  decent man. I have a feeling about  you like sometimes a kid comes in to  see me for one reason or another.  And some of these kids, Marty, in my  classes, they have so much warmth in  them, so much capacity. And that's  the feeling I get about you.
0) 435) dialog: If you were one of my students, I  would say, "Go ahead and buy the  butcher shop. You're a good butcher."
0) 436) text: Clara pauses.
0) 440) dialog: I think anything you want to do,  you'll do well.
0) 443) text: Clara looks down at her hands.
0) 444) dialog: (also in a low voice) Yes, I am.
0) 447) dialog: I really should get home...
0) 450) dialog: I really should get home, I told my  father... Well, I suppose a little  while longer. I wonder if there's  any place around here I could put  some makeup on...
0) 457) text: Clara smiles at this innocent gaucherie, then edges out o the booth, taking her purse with her. 187TH STREET. NIGHT. HIGH ANGLE SHOT of Angie meandering down the street on wh the neighborhood bar is located. It is near midnight, and the street is empty except for Angie and the CLACKING of leather heels on the pavement. He comes to the bar, opens the door, enters... THE BAR. NIGHT. The SOUNDS of Saturday night revelry are loud, coming mos from the Irish contingent of the neighborhood. They are  grouped along practically the whole bar. Three or four WO and a number of shirtsleeved MEN, mostly in their late  forties, early fifties. We know they're Irish, because on of the younger men is chanting an auld country ballad. CAMERA ANGLES disclose the entrance to the bar in the  background, showing Angie coming in, looking here and the He starts toward the bar. NEAR BAR. TWO IRISH WOMEN, middle-aged, squat heavily on bar stools over their schooners of beer, gassing away at each other.
0) 481) text: Angie has nothing better to do than give his attention to the last lines of the story. Perturbed, he turns and leav NEAR ELEVATED SUBWAY. NIGHT. With street NOISES over the scene, Marty and Clara walk a through the intricate understructure of the elevated subw toward Webster Avenue. STREET. Marty and Clara walk slowly along a side street in Marty' neighborhood. The streets are almost empty; perhaps an  occasional PEDESTRIAN on the other side of the street. Th cars are parked bumper-to-bumper in lines along the curb. The five-story apartment buildings are mostly dark, an  occasional window lit. Marty suddenly stops and bends down; his shoe lace has be untied. Clara sits back against the fender of the nearest car and continues talking.
0) 482) dialog: ...It's really a fine opportunity  for me. But I'm not sure I want to  be a department head. It's mostly  executive and administrative work.  Well, anyway, I told you about my  father, and he depends on me a great  deal, and...
0) 484) dialog: Well, that's what I was saying. My  father is getting old. And we're  very close. He's a wonderful man,  really...
0) 487) dialog: I'm afraid of being lonely.
0) 489) dialog: Actually, I don't make friends easily.
0) 493) text: Marty and Clara both look off... STREET. CAR WINDOW. Ralph is leaning out the car window twisting to look back the street.
0) 495) text: Marty and Clara look around to find the source of the voi
0) 497) text: Marty and Clara again look around trying to find Ralph. M spots him leaning out of the window of a '47 Chevy parked the background.
0) 500) text: Marty and Clara start walking toward the Chevy. INSIDE THE CHEVY. Ralph and MABEL, a young woman in her early thirties, are seated in front. In the rear seat of the car, LEO is  sandwiched in between a MISS LOUISE KELLY and a MISS ELAI RITCHIE.
0) 522) text: Marty straightens, looks surreptitiously back to the corn where Clara is standing. Clara stands alone on the corner. She is an angular, awkw plain girl. Marty brings his attention back around to Ral who is leaning out of the car window.
0) 529) text: Marty takes a step or two back from the car, and Ralph be the business of wheeling the car from out of its parking  place. The car backs and fills once or twice and eventual clears and whisks into the street. Marty stands looking after the departing car, then slowly turns and goes back up the sidewalk. He joins Clara and w
0) 535) text: Clara advances into the kitchen, a little ill at ease, an looks around. Marty closes the porch door.
0) 537) dialog: Yes, I know.
0) 539) text: He turns the light on as he enters. Clara follows him int the... DINING ROOM.
0) 541) dialog: (alighting tentatively  on the edge of a  chair) No, thank you. I don't think I should  stay very long.
0) 543) text: He helps her off with her coat. He remains behind her, lo down at her. Conscious of his scrutiny, she sits  uncomfortably, breathing unevenly. Marty takes her coat i the dark living room. Clara is patient but nervous. Marty comes back, sits on another chair, and there is an awkwar silence.
0) 545) dialog: Oh, I'm fine.
0) 547) dialog: Maybe that would be a good idea.
0) 548) text: She stands. He stands. He's a little angry. He turns and  sullenly goes back to the living room for her coat.  Wordlessly, he begins to help her into the coat. Standing behind her, he puts his hands on her shoulders,  then suddenly seizes her, and begins kissing her on the n As Marty holds Clara, kissing the back of her neck, the  dialogue drops to quick, hushed whispers.
0) 549) dialog: No, Marty, please...
0) 551) dialog: Marty...
0) 554) dialog: No...
0) 556) dialog: No...
0) 558) dialog: Marty...
0) 563) text: He turns and goes into the living room to hide the flush hot tears threatening to fill his eyes. Clara is also on verge of tears.
0) 564) dialog: (more to herself than  to him) I just didn't feel like it, that's  all.
0) 565) text: Slowly, she moves to the archway leading to the living ro CAMERA ANGLES to include the living room where Marty sits the couch with his hands in his lap, staring straight ahe The room is dark except for the slanted light coming from the dining room. Clara goes to the couch and sits on the edge beside him. doesn't look at her. LIVING ROOM.
0) 567) text: He starts to rise but instead sinks back onto the couch,  looking straight ahead. Clara looks at him, her face  peculiarly soft and compassionate.
0) 568) dialog: I'd like to see you again. Very much.  The reason I didn't let you kiss me  was because I just didn't know how  to handle the situation. You're the  kindest man I ever met. The reason I  tell you this is because I want to  see you again very much. I know that  when you take me home, I'm going to  just lie on my bed and think about  you. I want very much to see you  again.
0) 571) dialog: Nothing.
0) 573) dialog: I'd like that very much.
0) 575) dialog: I'll wait for your call.
0) 577) dialog: All right.
0) 582) dialog: Nothing.
0) 585) text: She comes into the dining room, stops at the sight of Mar and Clara.
0) 590) dialog: No, Mrs. Pilletti. We were just going  home. Thank you very much anyway.
0) 598) text: Clara smiles and sits. Mrs. Pilletti likewise seats herse holding her coat in her lap.
0) 601) dialog: No, thank you, really, Mrs. Pilletti.
0) 603) dialog: Couldn't she find some sort of hobby  to fill out her time?
0) 605) dialog: You mustn't feel too harshly against  her daughter-in-law. She also wants  to have a house to clean and a family  to cook for.
0) 606) text: Mrs. Pilletti darts a quick, sharp look at Clara. Then sh looks back to her own hands, which are beginning to twist nervously.
0) 608) dialog: Well, I don't know the people, of  course, but as a rule, I don't think  a mother-in-law should live with a  young couple.
0) 610) dialog: I don't think a mother should depend  so much upon her children for her  rewards in life.
0) 612) dialog: It's silly of me to argue about it.  I don't know the people involved.
0) 615) dialog: (standing) It was very nice meeting you, Mrs.  Pilletti. I hope I'll see you again.
0) 617) text: Marty and Clara move toward the kitchen.
0) 620) dialog: Goodnight, Mrs. Pilletti.
0) 622) text: Marty and Clara go out through the kitchen. CAMERA STAYS Mrs. Pilletti, who stands expressionlessly by her chair,  staring after them. She remains there rigid even after th kitchen door has OPENED and SHUT.
0) 629) text: Marty and Clara still stand, seeming not to hear Angie.
0) 631) text: Marty and Clara turn and stare off-screen. Angie pushes his way through the CROWD on the sidewalk an manages to join Marty and Clara.
0) 635) text: Angie is absolutely unaware of, or simply refuses to  acknowledge the presence of the girl. He has pushed himse in between Marty and Clara, and addresses himself entirel to Marty.
0) 637) dialog: How do you do?
0) 647) text: Angie stares with thick, sullen jealousy at his best frie He turns sharply and starts away from Marty and Clara.
0) 652) text: He stares for a moment at the departing form of his frien then turns to Clara with a shrug and a smile, as if to sa "I don't know what's the matter with him." The long-await downtown bus ROARS up to the corner, blocking our view of Marty and Clara. LOWER-MIDDLE-CLASS BRONX STREET. NIGHT. Marty and Clara stroll along the walk toward the front do of an apartment house. APARTMENT HOUSE LOBBY. NIGHT. Marty and Clara enter and cross the lobby toward the stai They move slowly.
0) 654) dialog: We just live one flight up.
0) 656) dialog: Okay.
0) 657) text: Clara leans against the iron banister of the stairway.
0) 658) dialog: Call me about two-thirty, because I  won't be home from my aunt's till  about then.
0) 659) text: The doors of the ELEVATOR slide open, and a middle-aged C comes out. They have obviously been having a heated excha but at the sight of Marty and the girl at the stairway, t become silent. They march across the lobby and out to the street in repressed silence. The door CLANGS behind them. Marty and Clara have waited stiffly through this interrup and now they look at each other and smile.
0) 661) dialog: Okay.
0) 792) text: The abruptness of the question rather startles Marty. It not an expression he would normally associate with an eve with Clara.