0) 26) text: The Young Men exit without answering. Marty moves further into the bar, which is crowded with locals, smoky, noisy. ACROSS GROUP at bar with Marty in the background approach we see a group consisting of RALPH, who wears a suit and  tie, the only man in the room who isn't in shirtsleeves o Basque shirt; JOE, thirty-two, hunched over a girlie maga a KID, twenty-two, studying the magazine over Joe's shoul
0) 41) dialog: They shouldn't sell magazines like  this on a public newsstand...
0) 43) dialog: (turning a page) Can you imagine the effect this has  on adolescents?
0) 48) text: Joe turns another page in the girlie magazine.
0) 49) dialog: Now that's something, eh?
0) 799) dialog: ...so the whole book winds up, Mike  Hammer, he's inna room there with  this doll. So he says, "You rat, you  are the murderer." So she begins to  con him, you know? She tells him how  she loves him. And then Bam! He shoots  her in the stomach. So she's laying  there, gasping for breath, and she  says, "How could you do that?" And  he says, "It was easy."
0) 805) dialog: What I like about Mickey Spillane is  he knows how to handle women. In one  book, he picks up a tomato who gets  hit with a car, and she throws a  pass at him. And then he meets two  beautiful twins, and they throw passes  at him. And then he meets some  beautiful society leader, and she  throws a pass at him, and...
0) 814) text: Joe, having finished his dissertation on Mickey Spillane, now studying another girlie magazine. He proffers an open page to Marty, who stands over by the phone.
0) 816) dialog: I wonder where they find those girls  that pose for them pictures.
0) 819) text: Joe closes the magazine.
0) 825) dialog: I always figure a guy oughta marry a  girl who's twenny years younger than  he is so that when he's forty, his  wife is a real nice-looking doll.
0) 827) dialog: I never thoughta that.
0) 837) dialog: Another book that I read by Mickey  Spillane, I can't remember the name  of it, but it was about this red- headed tramp he finds inna street,  and he gives her some dough, because  he's sorry for her... Wait a minute,  I think that's the same book I was  telling you about before...
0) 840) text: Marty lowers his head. Over this, Joe's VOICE DRONES on.
0) 842) text: CAMERA ANGLE HOLDS on Marty looking down, as Joe's VOICE  continues.
0) 852) text: They eat silently a moment. 187TH STREET. BAR. NIGHT. CLOSE-UP of Marty leaning against the wall in front of th bar. A group of young men lounge about, killing time. Angie, Leo and Joe are among them. There are perhaps four five other young MEN, loosely divided into two groups. Th group that concerns us has Marty and the others mentioned and GEORGE, a young man in a sport jacket.
0) 854) dialog: About eight o'clock.
0) 857) dialog: What's playing on Fordham Road? I  think there's a good picture in the  Loew's Paradise.