0) 2) dialog: (sawing away) That's right, Missus Fusari. It was  a very nice affair.
0) 4) dialog: (still sawing) No, that's my other brother, Freddie.  My other brother Freddie, he's been  married four years already. He lives  down on Webb Avenue. The one who got  married Sunday, that was my little  brother, Nickie.
0) 6) text: Marty sets the five chops on the scale, watches its weigh register.
0) 7) dialog: No, that's my sister Margaret's  husband, Frank. My sister Margaret,  she's married to the insurance  salesman, and my sister Rose, she  married a contractor. They moved to  Detroit last year. And my other sister  Frances, she got married about two  and a half years ago in Saint John's  Church on Kingsbridge Avenue. Oh,  that was a big affair. Well, let's  see now, that'll be about a dollar- seventy-nine. How's that with you?
0) 11) dialog: You're next right now, Missus Canduso.
0) 13) dialog: (amiably) Missus Fusari, Missus Canduso over  there, she's inna big hurry, and...
0) 16) dialog: That's swell, Missus Fusari.
0) 18) text: She takes her package of meat. Marty gathers up the money the counter, turns to the cash register behind him to rin up the sale. Mrs. Canduso sidles up to the counter.
0) 20) dialog: Yeah, it was a very nice affair.
0) 23) dialog: (to two YOUNG MEN  leaving) What happened?
0) 25) dialog: Any homers?
0) 26) text: The Young Men exit without answering. Marty moves further into the bar, which is crowded with locals, smoky, noisy. ACROSS GROUP at bar with Marty in the background approach we see a group consisting of RALPH, who wears a suit and  tie, the only man in the room who isn't in shirtsleeves o Basque shirt; JOE, thirty-two, hunched over a girlie maga a KID, twenty-two, studying the magazine over Joe's shoul
0) 27) dialog: (to the Kid) Angie come in yet?
0) 30) dialog: Hey, Ang'...
0) 32) dialog: You want a beer, Ang'?
0) 34) dialog: Hiya, Ralph...
0) 36) dialog: (to Bartender) Hey, Lou, gimme two bottles-a beer...
0) 38) dialog: (to Joe studying his  magazine) Waddaya read there, Joe?
0) 42) dialog: That's the truth.
0) 45) dialog: (reaching for two  bottles of beer  proffered by the  Bartender) What nurses?
0) 47) dialog: (moving off to Angie's  booth) You still owe me ten bucks from last  week, if that's what you're working  up to.
0) 54) dialog: I don't know, Ang'. Wadda you feel  like doing?
0) 56) dialog: (not very interested) Which one was that?
0) 58) dialog: Oh, yeah.
0) 60) dialog: She probably got a date by now, Angie.
0) 62) dialog: I didn't like her, Angie. I don't  feel like calling her up.
0) 64) dialog: I don't know. What do you feel like  doing?
0) 66) dialog: What makes you say that?
0) 68) dialog: Yeah, sure.
0) 70) dialog: You call her up for yourself, Angie.  I don't feel like calling her up.
0) 73) text: Marty makes a wry face at the suggestion.
0) 75) dialog: Angie, I'm thirty-four years old. I  been looking for a girl every Saturday  night of my life. I'm tired of  looking. Everybody's always telling  me to get married. Get married. Get  married. Don't you think I wanna get  married? I wanna get married. They  drive me crazy. Now, I don't wanna  wreck your Saturday night for you,  Angie. You wanna go somewhere, you  go ahead. I don't wanna go.
0) 77) dialog: My mother, boy, she drives me crazy.
0) 78) text: Angie leans back in his seat, scowls at the paper napkin  container on the booth table. Marty returns to the sports page. For a moment, a silence hangs between them.
0) 80) dialog: (without looking up) I don't know. What do you feel like  doing?
0) 82) dialog: (rising in response;  to Angie) Come on over about half past seven,  we'll think of something. (settles into the  phone booth, picks  up the receiver) Hello, Ma, what's the matter?
0) 86) dialog: (in the phone booth) I'm coming home right now, Ma. I'll  be home in about two minutes. Tell  Thomas stick around, I wanna see him  about something.
0) 125) text: She hurries into... THE KITCHEN. Marty comes into the kitchen from the rear porch.
0) 126) dialog: Hello, Ma.
0) 128) dialog: Sure, Ma, it's okay with me.
0) 130) text: She turns and leads the way back into the dining room. Ma follows. DINING ROOM. Thomas has risen. Mrs. Pilletti and Marty come in.
0) 133) dialog: Oh, we got plenny-a room here.
0) 137) text: She exits into the kitchen. Virginia follows her to the  kitchen door, where the two women ad-lib the following li over the ensuing scene between Marty and Thomas.
0) 142) text: Over this, Thomas talks to Marty.
0) 145) dialog: Tommy, before you go, I wonder if  you gimme a little advice.
0) 147) dialog: You're the accountant inna family,  and I figure you might know about  these things. My boss wantsa sell  his shop to me. His kids are all  married, you know, and he and his  wife live alone, and they wanna move  out to California where his daughter  lives, so he wantsa sell his shop.  He wants five thousand dollars down,  although I think I can knock him  downa four...
0) 150) dialog: All right, I'll see you, Thomas,  because he wants an answer by Monday.
0) 152) dialog: Don't worry about it.
0) 155) dialog: Goodby, Virginia! See you soon!
0) 156) text: Thomas has moved off to join his wife in the kitchen wher we can hear them exchanging final protestations and goodb with Mrs. Pilletti. Marty sits at the table, hands folded front of him, stolid, pensive. THE KITCHEN. DUSK. Mrs. Pilletti bends over her steaming kettles. Through th window we see evening is gathering. MARTY'S BEDROOM. It's a small room with bed, chest of drawers, religious  pictures, etc. Marty sits squatly on the edge of the bed, absorbed in thought. He stands, moves out into... THE GROUND FLOOR CORRIDOR. ...and down that into... THE DINING ROOM. ...now lit by the overhead neo-Tiffany lampshade and the  beaded old-fashioned lamps. He crosses to the kitchen doo looks in on his mother, cooking away, turns, crosses back to... THE LIVING ROOM. He closes the sliding doors that separate the living and  dining rooms. He extracts a small black address book from his hip pocket, flips through it, finds the page he wants studies it intently. He sits on the chair by the phone, dials.
0) 157) dialog: (with a vague pretense  at good diction) Hello, is this Mary Feeney?... Could  I speak to Miss Mary Feeney?... Just  tell her an old friend...
0) 159) dialog: ...Oh, hello there, is this Mary  Feeney? Hello there, this is Marty  Pilletti. I wonder if you recall  me... Well, I'm kind of a stocky  guy. The last time we met was in a  movie, the RKO Chester. You was with  another girl, and I was with a friend  of mine named Angie. This was about  a month ago...
0) 160) text: The girl apparently doesn't remember him. A sort of panic begins to seize Marty. His voice rises a little.
0) 161) dialog: The RKO Chester in Westchester Square.  You was sitting in front of us, and  we was annoying you, and you got  mad, and... I'm the fellow who works  in a butcher shop... Come on, you  know who I am!... That's right, we  went to Howard Johnson's and we had  hamburgers. You hadda milkshake...  Yeah, that's right. I'm the stocky  one, the heavy-set feller... Well,  I'm glad you recall me, because I  hadda swell time that night, and I  was just wondering how everything  was with you. How's everything?...  That's swell... Yeah, well, I'll  tell you why I called...I was figuring  on taking in a movie tonight, and I  was wondering if you and your friend  would care to see a movie tonight  with me and my friend... (his eyes are closed  now) Yeah, tonight. I know it's pretty  late to call for a date, but I didn't  know myself, till... Yeah, I know,  well how about... Yeah, I know, well  maybe next Saturday night. You free  next Saturday night?... Well, how  about the Saturday after that?...  Yeah, I know... Yeah... Yeah... Oh,  I understand, I mean...
0) 164) dialog: I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked  out. I may just hang arounna house.
0) 167) text: This gives Marty pause. He looks up.
0) 168) dialog: What?
0) 170) text: Marty regards his mother for a moment.
0) 171) dialog: It's loaded with what?
0) 173) dialog: Ha! Who told you about the Stardust  Ballroom?
0) 175) dialog: Oh, Thomas. Ma, it's just a big dance  hall, and that's all it is. I been  there a hundred times. Loaded with  tomatoes. Boy, you're funny, Ma.
0) 177) dialog: Ma, when are you gonna give up? You  gotta bachelor on your hands. I ain't  never gonna get married.
0) 179) dialog: Sooner or later, there comes a point  in a man's life when he gotta face  some facts, and one fact I gotta  face is that whatever it is that  women like, I ain't got it. I chased  enough girls in my life. I went to  enough dances. I got hurt enough. I  don't wanna get hurt no more. I just  called a girl just now, and I got a  real brush-off, boy. I figured I was  past the point of being hurt, but  that hurt. Some stupid woman who I  didn't even wanna call up. She gave  me the brush. I don't wanna go to  the Stardust Ballroom because all  that ever happened to me there was  girls made me feel like I was a bug.  I got feelings, you know. I had enough  pain. No, thank you.
0) 181) dialog: Ma, I'm gonna stay home and watch  Jackie Gleason.
0) 183) dialog: So I'll die without a son.
0) 185) dialog: Blue suit, gray suit, I'm still a  fat man. A fat ugly man.
0) 187) dialog: (his voice rising) I'm ugly... I'm ugly! I'm UGLY!
0) 189) dialog: Ma! Leave me alone!
0) 191) dialog: Ma, waddaya want from me?! Waddaya  want from me?! I'm miserable enough  as it is! Leave me alone! I'll go to  the Stardust Ballroom! I'll put onna  blue suit and I'll go! And you know  what I'm gonna get for my trouble?  Heartache! A big night of heartache!
0) 193) dialog: Loaded with tomatoes...boy, that's  rich.
0) 194) text: He plunges his fork in again, starts to eat. Mrs. Pillett watches Marty anxiously as we... FADE OUT.
0) 231) text: They turn and move toward the booths. BALLROOM. The dance floor is fairly dark. A romantic effect is achi by papier-mГўchГ© over the chandeliers. Around the walls the stag lines -- the MEN and waiting GIRLS. They stand s or in small uneasy groups. There is constant flux and  movement. CAMERA DOLLIES slowly past the stag line, moving past fac short, fat, tall, thin stags. Some pretend indifference.  Some exhibit patent hunger. CAMERA HOLDS ANGLING to include Marty, Angie near the end the stag line. They are freshly shaved and groomed. MARTY AND ANGIE. They are leaning against the wall smoking, watching their more fortunate brethren on the floor in the background.
0) 233) dialog: There was one nice-looking one there  inna black dress and beads, but she's  dancing now.
0) 235) dialog: (following his gaze) Where?
0) 237) text: REVERSE ANGLE PAST Marty and Angie across the dance floor toward the wall opposite, where three GIRLS are standing. Two are leaning against the wall. The third is facing the with her back to the dance floor. This last girl is the o Angie has in mind. She is a cute little kid about twenty wears a bright smile. MARTY AND ANGIE. They stare off toward the three girls across the room.
0) 238) dialog: Yeah, she looks all right from here.
0) 240) dialog: I think this number is a little fast.  Wait a minute.
0) 242) dialog: It's all right, I think. They still  there?
0) 243) text: The two cavaliers turn their heads and look off-screen in the direction of the three girls. Apparently, the girls a still there. Marty and Angie relinquish their lounging  positions against the wall and slouch along past the line stags with a show of determined unconcern. They edge thro the crush of people on the non-dancing margin of the danc floor and slowly push their way toward the... THREE GIRLS. Marty and Angie come in and start to approach the three g The girls, aware of the boys' presence, stiffen and their chatter comes to a halt. Angie advances to one of the gir
0) 245) text: The girl looks surprised, as if this were an extraordinar invitation to receive in a dance hall, looks confounded a her two friends, shrugs, detaches herself from the wall,  moves to the outer fringe of the pack of dancers, raises hand languidly to dancing position and awaits Angie with  ineffable boredom. Marty, smiling tentatively, addresses SHORT GIRL.
0) 246) dialog: Excuse me, would you care for this  dance?
0) 247) text: The Short Girl gives Marty a quick glance of appraisal, t looks quickly at her remaining friend.
0) 249) dialog: Sure.
0) 250) text: He turns and heads sluggishly in the direction of the sta line. THE STAG LINE. A TRAVEL SHOT follows Marty, as he moves past the line of stags, all of whom are watching him. CAMERA HOLDS as he f his old niche by the wall, leans there. A moment later, h glances guardedly down to where the short girl and her fr are. MARTY'S P.O.V.: The Short Girl is approached by a dapper  young BOY who asks her to dance. She smiles, excuses hers to her friend and follows the boy out onto the dance floo Marty stares at the Short Girl. He shrugs, he's used to t kind of thing, then turns his attention bleakly back to  watching... THE DANCE FLOOR. The band starts up again and the MUSIC blares. It's a Lin Hop number. Couples swirl past; the MUSIC comes up BIG. THE BALLROOM. Marty leans against the wall, smoking and watching the da swirl past. Dr. Keegan's VOICE is heard.
0) 252) text: Marty's attention is on the passing couples, so he doesn' seem to hear. ANGLE WIDENS to include the Doctor standing Marty's right. Suddenly aware of the Doctor, Marty turns head.
0) 253) dialog: You say something?
0) 255) dialog: I'm stag.
0) 257) dialog: (confused) What?
0) 259) dialog: (stares at the man) Are you kidding?
0) 261) dialog: You can't just walk off onna girl  like that.
0) 262) text: Dr. Keegan shrugs, moves down the line of stag guys. Mart turns to watch him, still a little shocked at the proposi The Doctor approaches THREE STAGS and obviously broaches subject with one of them. This STAG seems more receptive the idea. Dr. Keegan takes out a wallet and gives the Sta five dollar bill. The Stag detaches himself from the wall and, a little ill-at-ease, follows the Doctor. Marty stands against the wall, watching the Doctor and th Stag, who come in and move past him. Concerned and curiou Marty stares after them, then moves out of his leaning  position, following in their general direction. Marty moves through the crush of young men and women in t area around the dance floor. ALCOVE NEAR ARCHWAY. As Marty reaches the alcove that separates the dance floo proper from the lounge, he pauses and looks off toward th booths. LOUNGE. Clara sits about halfway down the length of the booths. D Keegan and the Stag stand over her, talking to her. She i looking up at them, her hands nervously gripping a Coca C glass. Dr. Keegan is obviously introducing the Stag to Cl and is going through some story about being called away o an emergency. The Stag is presented as her escort-to-be, will see to it that she gets home safely. Clara is not taken in by any of this, although she is try hard not to seem affected. She politely rejects the Stag' company and will go home by herself, thanks for asking an Dr. Keegan makes a few mild protestations, and then he an the Stag leave the booth and start back toward the archwa ARCHWAY. From where Marty stands, he can watch Clara, as well as D Keegan and the Stag. The Doctor and the Stag start past M and he catches their conversation.
0) 265) text: They move past and away and Marty stares after them befor he turns his attention toward Clara off-screen. Clara is sitting as she was, gripping and ungripping the  glass of Coca Cola in front of her. Her eyes are closed.  Then, with a little nervous shake of her head she gets ou of the booth and stands momentarily at a loss for what ne to do. As she glances around, CAMERA ANGLES to include a  sign over an exit that reads "Fire Escape." Clara starts  moving toward that door. Marty is staring off-screen toward Clara. He slowly works his way down the length of the lounge in the general dire of the fire escape. LOUNGE. Near the entrance to the fire escape, Clara comes into vi Background sounds continue steadily. Marty is walking the length of the lounge and suddenly st and stares off-screen. Clara disappears through the exit onto the fire escape  outside. Marty watches. Then he continues on, crossing the thresho of the... FIRE ESCAPE. It is sizeable, almost a small balcony. It looks out onto the backs of innumerable five-story apartment houses. Cla is standing by the railing, her back toward the camera, h head sunk down. She is crying. Marty watches her for a mo before moving a step or two forward. Clara doesn't turn. Marty tries to think of something to  say.
0) 266) dialog: (finally) Excuse me, Miss, would you care to  dance?
0) 267) text: Clara slowly turns to Marty, her face streaked with tears her lips trembling. Then, in one of those moments of  simultaneous impulse, she lurches to Marty with a sob, an Marty takes her to him. They stand in an awkward embrace, Marty a little embarras looking back through the fire escape doors to the lounge, wondering if anybody is seeing them. He reaches back with one hand, and contrives, with some effort, to push one of the heavy iron doors shut. He returns his hand around the girl's shoulders. He stands stiffly, allowing her to cry his chest, as we... FADE OUT.
0) 361) dialog: You come up here often?
0) 363) dialog: Yeah.
0) 365) dialog: I cry a lot too. I'm a big cryer.
0) 367) dialog: Oh, I cry all the time, any little  thing. My brothers, my brother-in- laws, they're always telling me what  a goodhearted guy I am. Well, you  don't get goodhearted by accident.  You get kicked around long enough,  you get to be a real professor of  pain. I know exactly how you feel.  And I also want you to know I'm having  a very good time with you now and  really enjoying myself. So you see,  you're not such a dog as you think  you are.
0) 369) dialog: So there you are. So I guess I'm not  such a dog as I think I am.
0) 371) dialog: I don't know either. I think I'm a  very nice guy. I also think I'm a  pretty smart guy in my own way.
0) 373) dialog: Now I figure, two people get married,  and they gonna live together forty,  fifty years. So it's just gotta be  more than whether they're good looking  or not. You tell me you think you're  not very good-looking. My father was  a really ugly man, but my mother  adored him. She told me that she  used to get so miserable sometimes,  like everybody, you know? And she  says my father always tried to  understand. I used to see them  sometimes when I was a kid, sitting  in the living room, talking and  talking, and I used to adore my old  man, because he was so kind. That's  one of the most beautiful things I  have in my life, the way my father  and mother were. And my father was a  real ugly man. So it doesn't matter  if you look like a gorilla. So you  see, dogs like us, we ain't such  dogs as we think we are.
0) 376) dialog: I'm thirty-four.
0) 378) dialog: ...you teach chemistry? That's funny.  Where? What school?
0) 380) dialog: Benjamin Franklin, where's that?  Brooklyn? I went to Theodore Roosevelt  right up here on Fordham Road. It's  right arounna corner from my house.  I have a cousin who's a teacher. He  teaches Latin. He lives in Chicago.  He was studying to be a Jesuit, but  he gave it up after his first vows.
0) 382) dialog: (prattling on) I was pretty good in high school. I  sound like a jerk now, but I was  pretty good. I graduated with an  eighty-two average. That ain't bad.  I was accepted at City College. I  filled out the application and  everything, but my old man died, so  I hadda go to work. My best class  was German. That was my first  language. Der, die, das -- des, der,  des. There you are, I still  remember...
0) 383) text: He pushes the glass door open to... THE STREET OUTSIDE THE STARDUST BALLROOM. As Marty and Clara emerge onto the sidewalk of West Farms Square, they pause again. It is about nine o'clock, and the busy street is brightly lit from the stores. PASSERSBY hurry on their way. The elevated subway RUMBLES over-head intermittently.
0) 384) dialog: (chattering on) You know what I was good at in high  school? I was good in Math. You know  how long ago I graduated high school?  June, nineteen-thirty-seven. Holy  cow! June, nineteen-thirty-seven!  What is that? Fifteen, seventeen  years ago! Holy cow! Seventeen years  ago! Is that right? Seventeen, that's  right. Where did it all go? I'm  getting old. I'm gonna be thirty- five November eighth. Thirty-five.  Wow. Time goes on, boy.
0) 386) dialog: Nineteen-thirty-seven... that's right.  My old man died December, nineteen- thirty-seven.
0) 388) dialog: Two o'clock in the morning he died.  The doorbell rings, and I knew  something was wrong right away.  Because my room is onna ground floor  inna front, you see, and I got outta  bed, and I answered the door...
0) 389) text: CAMERA HOLDS as Marty, caught in his story, stops and  continues intently.
0) 390) dialog: There was Mr. Stern. He had a house  down about a block from us. He moved  out though. My old man, he used to  play cards with him and some other  old guys. He's a Jewish feller. So  he said, "Is your mother home?" So I  knew right away there was something  wrong. I was only eighteen, exactly  eighteen years old, just the month  before. So I said, "Is something  wrong, Mr. Stern?" I was in my  pajamas, you know? So he said, "Marty,  your father died." My father died  right inna middle of playing cards,  right at the table. He had a heart  attack. He had low blood pressure,  my old man. He used to faint a lot.
0) 392) dialog: Boy, am I talking, I never talked so  much in my life. Usually, everybody  comes to me and tells me all their  troubles. Well, I'm gonna shut up  now, and I'm gonna let you get a  word in...
0) 394) dialog: Seventeen years ago. What I been  doing with myself all that time?...  Well, I'm talking again. I must be  driving you crazy. Mosta the time  I'm with a girl, I can't find a word  to say. Well, I'm gonna shut up now.  Because I'm not like this usually.  Usually, I... well, here I go again.
0) 395) text: They reach the corner intersection. CAMERA HOLDS on Marty he pauses again. He stares at Clara, confused at his stra loquacity.
0) 396) dialog: I can't shut my mouth... I'm on a  jag, for Pete's sake. You'd think I  was loaded...
0) 397) text: Marty stares at Clara, absolutely aghast at his inability stop talking.
0) 398) dialog: I can't stop talking! Isn't this  stupid?!
0) 399) text: He stands there in the middle of the sidewalk with PEOPLE moving past, back and forth. Marty continues to stare at  Clara, his broad face widened by a foolish, confused smil Clara regards him affectionately.
0) 400) dialog: (with sudden sincerity) You gotta real nice face, you know?  It's really a nice face.
0) 402) text: They stroll along farther up the noisy, jangled, traffick Saturday night avenue. GRAND CONCOURSE LUNCHEONETTE. NIGHT. Once a candy store, now a soda fountain where booths have been installed in the rear. One wall of the luncheonette front is covered with magazines from floor to ceiling. It a nice clean joint, brightly lit. Several CUSTOMERS are  occupying three of the four booths. BOOTH. They sit opposite each other in the booth. Each has a cup coffee. Marty is still talking, but now he is apparently  telling a story so funny that he can hardly get the words out. The hilarity has communicated itself to Clara. Her e are burning with suppressed laughter. Every now and then has to gasp to control the bubbly giggling inside of her.
0) 403) dialog: ...so I'm inna kneeling position,  and if you ever try shooting a BAR  inna kneeling position, you know  what I mean. I can't holda steady  position. I'm wavering back and  forth...
0) 405) dialog: ...so the guy next to me, he's  shooting from the prone position,  and he's cross-eyed like I told you...
0) 407) dialog: So just then... (stops to control  himself again) ...so just then I hear five shots go  off from the guy next to me...
0) 409) dialog: So my target goes down, and a minute  later, the flag comes up. I got five  bulls-eyes. This cross-eyed guy next  to me, he shot five bulls-eyes into  my target...
0) 411) dialog: ...so I said to the sergeant who was  checking my score, "Pretty good, eh,  Sarge? Five bulls-eyes? So this  sergeant, he don't know what happened,  he says, "Say, that's all right,  Pilletti"...
0) 413) dialog: Oh, man. So that's what happened.  That's how I got the reputation-a  being the best shot inna whole  battalion... oh, man...
0) 414) text: For a moment they seem to have controlled their laughter. They sit, shaking their heads, studying their fingers on table in front of them. Then slowly, Marty begins to gigg again. It communicates itself to Clara. In a moment they hiding their faces in their hands, their shoulders shiver with laughter. STARDUST BALLROOM. CLOSE ON Angie. His eyes look slowly in every direction.  CAMERA PULLS BACK disclosing Angie standing on the fringe the dance floor, head arched high, looking at the crowded dance floor. He starts back to the archway toward the lou looking over his shoulder. ARCHWAY. Angie comes into the archway, throws one more glance over his shoulder at the dance floor, then turns and enters th LOUNGE. Angie walks down the length of the lounge, looking into t booths and simultaneously at the PEOPLE moving back and f in the lounge. At the far end of the lounge, he turns and comes back along the bar side, checking each face at the  bar. ANTEROOM. There are three young BUCKOES laying out their money for  admission. One of them calls to Angie.
0) 419) text: He waits for an answer... GRAND CONCOURSE LUNCHEONETTE. CLOSE ON Marty and Clara still in the booth, but two more cups of coffee have been set down in front of each of the There are also two pie-plates. Clara has left half of her pie. Also an empty pack of cigarettes, and another pack h gone. They are both smoking. Marty is still talking, but mood is no longer laughter. A pensive, speculative hush h fallen over them. They have been talking for hours, and t have reached the stage where you start tearing designs in the paper napkins.
0) 420) dialog: ...When I got outta the army, Clara,  I was lost. I didn't know what I  wanted to do. I was twenny-five years  old, what was I gonna do, go back to  my old job, forty cents an hour. I  thought maybe I go to college under  the G.I. Biller Rights, you know?  But I wouldn't graduate till I was  twenny-eight, twenny-nine years old,  even if I made it in three years.  And my brother Freddie wanted to get  married, and I had three unmarried  sisters -- in an Italian home, that's  a terrible thing. And my kid brother  Nickie, he's a one got married last  week. So I just went to pieces. I  used to walk inna streets till three,  four o'clock inna mornings. My mother  used to be so worried about me. My  uncle Mario come over one time. He  offered me a job driving his hack  onna night shift. He got his own  cab, you know. And God forgive me  for what I'm gonna say now, but I  used to thinka doing away with myself.  I used to stand sometimes in the  subway, and God forgive me what I'm  going to say, I used to feel the  tracks sucking me down under the  wheels.
0) 422) dialog: I'm a Catholic, you know, and even  to think about suicide is a terrible  sin.
0) 424) dialog: So then Mr. Gazzara -- he was a  frienda my father -- he offered me  this job in his butcher shop, and  everybody pleaded with me to take  it. So that's what happened. I didn't  wanna be a butcher.
0) 426) dialog: Well, I wouldn't call it an elegant  profession. It's in a lower social  scale. People look down on butchers.
0) 428) text: Marty looks quickly up at her, then back down.
0) 429) dialog: Well, the point is Mr. Gazzara wantsa  sell his shop now, because he and  his wife are lonely, and they wanna  move out to California in Los Angeles  and live near their married daughter.  Because she's always writing them to  come out there. So it's a nice little  shop. I handle his books for him, so  I know he has a thirty-five percent  markup which is not unreasonable,  and he takes home net maybe a hundred,  hundred and fifty bucks a week. The  point is, of course, you gotta worry  about the supermarkets. There's two  inna neighborhood now, and there's  an A&amp;P coming in, at least that's  the rumor. Of course, mosta his trade  is strictly Italian, but the younger  Italian girls, they get married, and  they don't stick to the old Italian  dishes so much. I mean, you gotta  take that into account too.
0) 431) dialog: That's true. I do. But I'm gonna  have to take outta loan inna bank  eight thousand dollars. That's a big  note to carry, because I have to  give Mr. Gazzara a mortgage, and  what I have to weigh is: will it pay  off in the end more than I can make  onna salary?
0) 434) text: Marty shuts his eyes, then opens them quickly, bows his h
0) 437) dialog: (not quite trusting  the timbre of his  voice) Well, there's a lotta things I could  do with this shop. I could organize  my own supermarket. Get a buncha  neighborhood merchants together.  That's what a lotta them are doing.
0) 439) dialog: Wadda you think?
0) 442) dialog: (still looking down) I'm Catholic. Are you Catholic?
0) 445) text: Marty looks up at her.
0) 446) dialog: I only got about three bucks on me  now, but I just live about eight  blocks from here on the other side  of Webster Avenue. Why don't we walk  back to my house? I'll run in, pick  up some dough, and let's step out  somewhere.
0) 449) dialog: It's only a quarter of twelve. The  clock's right over there.
0) 451) text: Marty considers this problem for a second, then leans out the booth and calls out.
0) 452) dialog: Hey, Mac!
0) 453) text: CAMERA ANGLES to include the PROPRIETOR of the luncheonet He is sitting in one of the booths ahead reading the Sund Mirror. He looks up toward Marty.
0) 454) dialog: You gotta Ladies' Room around here?
0) 456) dialog: (to Clara) Inna back.
0) 481) text: Angie has nothing better to do than give his attention to the last lines of the story. Perturbed, he turns and leav NEAR ELEVATED SUBWAY. NIGHT. With street NOISES over the scene, Marty and Clara walk a through the intricate understructure of the elevated subw toward Webster Avenue. STREET. Marty and Clara walk slowly along a side street in Marty' neighborhood. The streets are almost empty; perhaps an  occasional PEDESTRIAN on the other side of the street. Th cars are parked bumper-to-bumper in lines along the curb. The five-story apartment buildings are mostly dark, an  occasional window lit. Marty suddenly stops and bends down; his shoe lace has be untied. Clara sits back against the fender of the nearest car and continues talking.
0) 483) dialog: (still concentrating  on his shoelace) Why don't you just move out to  Portchester?
0) 486) dialog: I think you're kidding yourself,  Clara. I used to think about moving  out, you know? And that's what I  used to say. "My mother needs me."  But when you really get down to it,  that ain't it at all. Actually, you  need your father. You know what I  mean? You're living at home, and you  got your father and mother there,  and you can go on like that -- being  a little girl all your life.
0) 488) dialog: Oh, you won't be so lonely. You'll  make friends right away.
0) 490) dialog: What're you talking about? You're a  real likeable person. You'll make  friends out there in Portchester  one, two, three. You'll have people  visiting you alla time. I'll come  visit you. I'll borrow my brother  Freddie's car, or you can call me up  when you feel blue, or I'll call you  up. And it's gonna be nice. Don't be  so afraid.
0) 491) text: They have only gone a few paces farther when Marty's shoe comes loose again. He fidgets self-consciously, bends dow and begins to retie it. The VOICE of Ralph, the well-dres man, established previously, is heard.
0) 493) text: Marty and Clara both look off... STREET. CAR WINDOW. Ralph is leaning out the car window twisting to look back the street.
0) 495) text: Marty and Clara look around to find the source of the voi
0) 497) text: Marty and Clara again look around trying to find Ralph. M spots him leaning out of the window of a '47 Chevy parked the background.
0) 498) dialog: Hello, Ralph.
0) 500) text: Marty and Clara start walking toward the Chevy. INSIDE THE CHEVY. Ralph and MABEL, a young woman in her early thirties, are seated in front. In the rear seat of the car, LEO is  sandwiched in between a MISS LOUISE KELLY and a MISS ELAI RITCHIE.
0) 506) dialog: (approaching the car) Hello, Ralph, what's new? (looks through the  back window,  recognizes Leo) Hiya, Leo.
0) 509) text: Marty leans with his elbow on the open front window of th car, his head bowed, waiting for Ralph to speak his piece He studiously avoids looking at the girls in the car.
0) 511) text: Marty allows his eyes to flicker quickly over the girl in the seat next to Ralph.
0) 512) dialog: Waddaya mean, Ralph?
0) 514) dialog: Hiya.
0) 518) dialog: I'm with a girl, Ralph.
0) 520) dialog: I can't do that, Ralph, because  somebody already brushed her off  once tonight.
0) 522) text: Marty straightens, looks surreptitiously back to the corn where Clara is standing. Clara stands alone on the corner. She is an angular, awkw plain girl. Marty brings his attention back around to Ral who is leaning out of the car window.
0) 523) dialog: (bending down to Ralph) I can't do it, Ralph. Thanks anyway. (looks toward back  seat) Very nice to have met you all.
0) 527) dialog: I'll see you, Leo.
0) 529) text: Marty takes a step or two back from the car, and Ralph be the business of wheeling the car from out of its parking  place. The car backs and fills once or twice and eventual clears and whisks into the street. Marty stands looking after the departing car, then slowly turns and goes back up the sidewalk. He joins Clara and w
0) 532) dialog: Wait a minute. Lemme find the light.
0) 534) dialog: I guess my mother ain't home yet. I  figure my cousin Thomas and Virginia  musta gone to the movies, so they  won't get back till one o'clock at  least.
0) 535) text: Clara advances into the kitchen, a little ill at ease, an looks around. Marty closes the porch door.
0) 536) dialog: This is the kitchen.
0) 538) dialog: Come on inna dining room.
0) 540) dialog: Siddown, take off your coat. You  want something to eat? We gotta whole  half-chicken in the icebox.
0) 542) dialog: Sure. Just take off your coat a  minute.
0) 543) text: He helps her off with her coat. He remains behind her, lo down at her. Conscious of his scrutiny, she sits  uncomfortably, breathing unevenly. Marty takes her coat i the dark living room. Clara is patient but nervous. Marty comes back, sits on another chair, and there is an awkwar silence.
0) 544) dialog: So I was telling you, my kid brother  Nickie got married last Sunday. That  was a very nice affair. And they had  this statue of some woman, and they  had whiskey spouting outta her mouth.  I never saw anything so grand in my  life. (the silence again  falls between them.) And watta meal. I'm a butcher, so I  know a good hunka steak when I see  one. That was choice filet, right  off the toppa the chuck. A buck eighty  a pound. Of course, if you wanna  cheaper cut, get rib steak. That  gotta lotta waste on it, but it comes  to about a buck and a quarter a pound,  if it's trimmed. Listen, Clara, make  yourself comfortable. You're all  tense.
0) 546) dialog: You want me to take you home, I'll  take you home.
0) 548) text: She stands. He stands. He's a little angry. He turns and  sullenly goes back to the living room for her coat.  Wordlessly, he begins to help her into the coat. Standing behind her, he puts his hands on her shoulders,  then suddenly seizes her, and begins kissing her on the n As Marty holds Clara, kissing the back of her neck, the  dialogue drops to quick, hushed whispers.
0) 550) dialog: I like you. I like you. I been telling  you all night, I like you...
0) 552) dialog: I just wanna kiss, that's all.
0) 555) dialog: Please...
0) 557) dialog: Please...
0) 560) dialog: All right! I'll take you home! All  right!
0) 562) dialog: All I wanted was a lousy kiss! What  do you think, I was gonna try  something serious with my mother  coming home any minute!? What am I,  a leper or something?!
0) 565) text: Slowly, she moves to the archway leading to the living ro CAMERA ANGLES to include the living room where Marty sits the couch with his hands in his lap, staring straight ahe The room is dark except for the slanted light coming from the dining room. Clara goes to the couch and sits on the edge beside him. doesn't look at her. LIVING ROOM.
0) 566) dialog: I'm old enough to know better. Comes  New Year's Eve, everybody starts  arranging parties, I'm the guy they  gotta dig up a date for. Let me getta  packa cigarettes, and I'll take you  home.
0) 569) text: Marty stares down at his hands.
0) 570) dialog: (without looking over  at her) Waddaya doing tomorrow night?
0) 572) dialog: I'll call you up tomorrow morning.  Maybe, we'll go see a movie.
0) 574) dialog: The reason I can't be definite about  it now is my Aunt Catherine is  probably coming over tomorrow, and I  may have to help out.
0) 576) dialog: We better get started to your house,  because the buses only run about one  an hour now.
0) 579) dialog: I'll just get a packa cigarettes.
0) 580) text: He rises and goes into his bedroom. CAMERA ANGLES to incl door to bedroom. Marty opens his bureau drawer and extrac a pack of cigarettes. He comes back out and looks at Clar for the first time. They start to walk to the dining room In the archway, Marty pauses and turns to her.
0) 581) dialog: Waddaya doing New Year's Eve?
0) 583) text: They quietly slip into each other's arms and kiss. Slowly their faces part, and Marty's head sinks down upon her  shoulder. He is crying, detectable from the slight shake his shoulders. The girl presses her cheek against the bac of his head. They stand. The SOUND of the kitchen door op splits them out of their embrace. A moment later Mrs.  Pilletti's voice is heard.
0) 587) dialog: We just got here about fifteen minutes  ago. Ma, I want you to meet Miss  Clara Snyder. She's graduate of New  York University. She teaches chemistry  in Benjamin Franklin High School.
0) 593) dialog: How'd you come home, Ma? Thomas give  you a ride?
0) 595) dialog: Oh, she's coming, eh, Ma?
0) 597) dialog: Might as well siddown a minute, Clara.
0) 600) dialog: I offered her, Ma, she don't want  nothing.
0) 613) dialog: Ma, I'm gonna take her home now.  It's getting late, and the buses  only run about one an hour.
0) 617) text: Marty and Clara move toward the kitchen.
0) 618) dialog: All right, Ma. I'll be back in about  an hour, an hour anna half.
0) 622) text: Marty and Clara go out through the kitchen. CAMERA STAYS Mrs. Pilletti, who stands expressionlessly by her chair,  staring after them. She remains there rigid even after th kitchen door has OPENED and SHUT.
0) 629) text: Marty and Clara still stand, seeming not to hear Angie.
0) 631) text: Marty and Clara turn and stare off-screen. Angie pushes his way through the CROWD on the sidewalk an manages to join Marty and Clara.
0) 633) dialog: I looked for you, Angie, before I  cut out, but I couldn't find you.
0) 635) text: Angie is absolutely unaware of, or simply refuses to  acknowledge the presence of the girl. He has pushed himse in between Marty and Clara, and addresses himself entirel to Marty.
0) 636) dialog: What happened, Angie, was that we  thought we were just gonna go for a  short walk, and then we thought we  were gonna come right back, but we  got to talking. Listen, Angie, I  want you to meet Clara... (he tries to turn the  sullen Angie toward  Clara) Clara, this is my best friend, Angie.  I told you about him.
0) 640) dialog: I'm gonna take Clara home. It's close  to one.
0) 642) dialog: What for?
0) 644) dialog: It must be one o'clock.
0) 646) dialog: Angie, by the time I get Clara home,  it's gonna be one, one-thirty. By  the time I get home, it's gonna be  two o'clock. I gotta get up for ten  o'clock mass tomorrow.
0) 647) text: Angie stares with thick, sullen jealousy at his best frie He turns sharply and starts away from Marty and Clara.
0) 649) dialog: (calling after him) Where you going?
0) 651) dialog: (calling more loudly  after him) I'll see you tomorrow after mass!
0) 652) text: He stares for a moment at the departing form of his frien then turns to Clara with a shrug and a smile, as if to sa "I don't know what's the matter with him." The long-await downtown bus ROARS up to the corner, blocking our view of Marty and Clara. LOWER-MIDDLE-CLASS BRONX STREET. NIGHT. Marty and Clara stroll along the walk toward the front do of an apartment house. APARTMENT HOUSE LOBBY. NIGHT. Marty and Clara enter and cross the lobby toward the stai They move slowly.
0) 653) dialog: You got an elevator in this house?
0) 655) dialog: So I'll call you tomorrow.
0) 659) text: The doors of the ELEVATOR slide open, and a middle-aged C comes out. They have obviously been having a heated excha but at the sight of Marty and the girl at the stairway, t become silent. They march across the lobby and out to the street in repressed silence. The door CLANGS behind them. Marty and Clara have waited stiffly through this interrup and now they look at each other and smile.
0) 660) dialog: Okay, so I'll see you tomorrow night  then.
0) 662) text: Marty turns and moves across the lobby toward the street  door. OUTSIDE THE APARTMENT HOUSE. Marty stands a moment in the clear black night air,  expressionless, but within him, a strange exhilaration is beginning to stir. He mosies away from the building along the sidewalk, CAMERA panning with him. He strikes out suddenly with a spirited stride, as if he  knew where he was going. 176TH STREET. CLOSER SHOT of Marty marching along 176th Street. He quic reaches the Grand Concourse. Here he pauses a moment, a l at a loss for what direction to take -- then remembers he needs the uptown bus. He moves across the wide street to get to the other side the boulevard. Again, he seems to lose track of which  direction is homeward. He walks uptown a ways with a strange jerky stride, pausi every once in a while to see whether there's a bus coming Suddenly Marty breaks into a dog-trot, then drops back in the stiff stride as he approaches... THE INTERSECTION OF THE GRAND CONCOURSE. The corner near the bus stop is deserted. Marty stops, le against the pole of the bus stop sign. Abruptly, he turns and walks uptown a little further. SERIES OF INTERCUTS: Marty strides, walks, stops short, g to the curb desultorily, a few paces into the street, mov back. The traffic moves by him. He stands in the wide str then with a gesture of magnificent expansiveness, he rais his arm and calls out.
0) 663) dialog: Taxi! Taxi! Hey, taxi! Taxi! Taxi!
0) 664) text: CLOSE-UP of Marty standing in the street, crying...
0) 665) dialog: Taxi!... Taxi!...
0) 690) text: A burst of spirited song soars from upstairs. Mrs. Pillet Aunt Catherine and even Thomas pause to look up in the  direction of the voice. HALLWAY/STAIRWAY. Marty descends the stairs whistling. He carries his jacke over his arm. He makes some final adjustments to his tie. DINING ROOM. Alert to Marty's mood, Mrs. Pilletti, Aunt Catherine and  Thomas stand, waiting for him to join them downstairs.
0) 691) dialog: (ebulliently) Hello, Aunt Catherine! How are you?  Hello, Thomas. You going to mass  with us?
0) 693) dialog: Well, make yourself at home. The  refrigerator is loaded with food. Go  upstairs, take any room you want.  Thomas, you going to mass with us?
0) 697) text: Marty has followed Thomas out into the living room.
0) 698) dialog: Boy, beautiful day, hey, Thomas?
0) 700) text: Thomas goes out the door onto the porch. Marty stands in open doorway. He looks out into the warm sunshine in the  front yard.
0) 701) dialog: Hi, Virginia.
0) 703) dialog: (to baby) Hey, little boy, you sure getting  fat. You weigh more than a side-a  beef now. (beams at the baby) Hey, Thomas, so I was telling you  yesterday you was over my house --  Mr. Gazzara, my boss, so he wantsa  sell his shop, go out to California  because his kids are all married,  and he...
0) 704) text: Thomas hasn't been listening to Marty and crosses quickly Virginia.
0) 707) text: Marty comes up to them, holding the baby.
0) 708) dialog: So Thomas, he does about twelve,  thirteen hundred gross. Rent's a  hundred and two. The problem, of  course, is the supermarkets. That's  what I wanna ask you. If I get  together with a coupla other  merchants, make our own supermarket...
0) 709) text: Thomas has been trying to listen to Marty, but his though are all with his own problem. He whirls on Virginia.
0) 716) dialog: So Tommy...
0) 718) text: The baby in Marty's arms has started to cry a little.
0) 719) dialog: Tommy, gimme a coupla minutes, because  I promised Mr. Gazzara I'd let him  know tomorrow. See, what I wanna  know, Tom, if a buncha individual  retail merchants get together, how  does it operate? On individual mark- ups? You know what I mean? Say I'm  the butcher and Aldo Capelli, he's  the dairyman and grocer, so suppose  I mark up thirty-five percent, but  he works on forty, so...
0) 721) dialog: No, I don't know. That's why I'm  asking you.
0) 724) text: Virginia hurries over and takes the crying baby from Mart arms, walks around comforting the child. Thomas turns bac to Marty.
0) 726) dialog: Well, you see, Thomas I figure the  big problem is the supermarkets. But  Patsy's shop, that's a specialized  trade. The supermarkets don't carry  Italian meat.
0) 729) text: Marty is a little taken aback by Thomas's frontal assault
0) 730) dialog: Well, I understand the problem about  the supermarkets, but I was talking  to this girl last night, and she  made the point that a likeable  personality is a valuable business  asset.
0) 732) dialog: Sure. This girl said...
0) 735) text: Marty stands, watching the young couple yakking at each o The little baby starts to cry again. KITCHEN. The two old sisters sit at the kitchen table, two untouch cups of coffee in front of them.
0) 750) text: Marty comes in from the living room, a little down after session with Thomas and Virginia.
0) 751) dialog: Hello, Ma, waddaya say, it's getting  a little late.
0) 753) text: Marty goes to the sink to get himself a glass of water. H examines a piece of plaster that has fallen from the ceil
0) 754) dialog: Boy, this place is really coming to  pieces. (turning to his mother) You know, Ma, I think we oughta sell  this place. The whole joint's going  to pieces. The plumbing is rusty.  Everything. I'm gonna have to  replaster the whole ceiling now. You  know what we oughta do? We oughta  get one of those new apartments  they're building down on Southern  Boulevard. A nicer parta town, you  know?...You all set, Ma?
0) 757) text: She sends another frightened look at her sister and follo Marty out into the living room. MARTY'S PORCH. Marty, his mother, Thomas and Virginia with the baby file down the porch to the street on their way to church. Mart and his mother are both troubled. The anger has left both Thomas and Virginia, but they are both silent. At the far end of the alleyway, as they reach the street, Virginia p her free arm through her husband's elbow. Thomas looks br at her and they exchange a look of commiseration. Everyon turns and disappears off into the street. CHURCH. A HIGH, WIDE ANGLE SHOT of the church establishes that st of Sunday morning between the nine and ten o'clock masses People flock around the doors of the church. INSIDE THE CHURCH. The parishioners are making their ways to the door. A few silent penitents still kneel here and there in the long e rows of pews. The large, almost empty church is filled no with organ MUSIC. Both Marty and his mother seem a little depressed as they stand at the doorway just inside the church, as the nine  o'clock mass people flow out, and the first of the ten o' mass people file in.
0) 759) dialog: (still amiable) I heard you, Ma.
0) 761) dialog: She's twenty-nine, Ma.
0) 764) dialog: What, Ma?
0) 766) text: Marty frowns but remains silent.
0) 768) dialog: I don't know. I don't think so.
0) 769) text: It's Mrs. Pilletti's turn to frown. A silence. She turns  back to Marty.
0) 771) text: Marty turns, on the verge of anger with his mother.
0) 772) dialog: What are you talking about? She's a  nice girl.
0) 776) dialog: You don't like her. You only met her  for two minutes.
0) 778) dialog: What didn't you like about her?
0) 780) dialog: Well, let's not get inna fight about  it, Ma.
0) 781) text: The kneeling woman shushes them again. By now the nine o' worshipers have filed out, and Marty joins the flow of te o'clock people moving in. His mother turns back to him ag
0) 782) dialog: (stopping her before  she gets started) What are you getting so worked up  about? I just met the girl last night.  I'm probably not gonna see her again.
0) 783) text: They continue down the aisle of the church. BAR. DAY. An hour later, the after-mass CROWD is there. It's a litt more crowded than weekdays. A WOMAN with a glass of beer one hand, rocks a baby carriage with the other. Marty enters the bar, moves along, ad-libbing "Hello" to  someone at the bar, gets the attention of Lou, the barten
0) 784) dialog: Hello, Lou, Angie come in yet?
0) 786) dialog: (glancing quickly at  him) Who told you that?
0) 788) dialog: She wasn't so bad.
0) 790) dialog: Hello, Ralph. How'd you make out  with those nurses last night, Ralph?
0) 792) text: The abruptness of the question rather startles Marty. It not an expression he would normally associate with an eve with Clara.
0) 793) dialog: Oh, I hadda nice time...I didn't try  nothing. She's a nice girl. I just  met her last night, you know. I just  talked with her. I didn't even try  nothing...
0) 795) dialog: Listen, you see Angie, tell him I  went home, I'll meet him after lunch.
0) 801) text: Angie reaches over to Marty's plate and filches a piece o rissole, evidently annoying Marty.
0) 802) dialog: We gotta whole pot inna kitchen. We  give you a plate-a your own.
0) 808) text: Marty looks down at his watch, then stands and starts for the phone, sitting on a chest of drawers at the other end the room.
0) 810) dialog: I was gonna call that girl from last  night. Take her to a movie tonight.
0) 812) dialog: Listen, Angie, I wanna tell you, you  were very impolite last night. I  introduced you to the girl, you just  turned and walked off. Now, why did  you do that?
0) 814) text: Joe, having finished his dissertation on Mickey Spillane, now studying another girlie magazine. He proffers an open page to Marty, who stands over by the phone.
0) 815) dialog: Put that away, for Pete's sake. My  mother's right out onna porch.
0) 818) dialog: Put it away, Joe. My mother'll come  walking in.
0) 821) dialog: I don't feel like going, Angie. I  thought I'd take this girl to a movie.
0) 823) dialog: We just talked.
0) 828) dialog: I didn't think she was so bad-looking.
0) 832) dialog: I told this dog I was gonna call her  today about two-thirty.
0) 834) dialog: Waddaya getting so sore about?
0) 836) text: He turns away sulking. Marty doesn't pick up the phone bu returns to his seat, upset.
0) 838) dialog: (to Angie) You didn't like her at all?
0) 840) text: Marty lowers his head. Over this, Joe's VOICE DRONES on.
0) 842) text: CAMERA ANGLE HOLDS on Marty looking down, as Joe's VOICE  continues.
0) 849) dialog: I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked  out. I think I'll just hang arounna  house and watch...
0) 851) dialog: Maybe, I'll go out and see what Angie  and the boys are doing...
0) 852) text: They eat silently a moment. 187TH STREET. BAR. NIGHT. CLOSE-UP of Marty leaning against the wall in front of th bar. A group of young men lounge about, killing time. Angie, Leo and Joe are among them. There are perhaps four five other young MEN, loosely divided into two groups. Th group that concerns us has Marty and the others mentioned and GEORGE, a young man in a sport jacket.
0) 860) text: CLOSE-UP of Marty, his head down, his eyes closed. The gr continues their dialogue back and forth. Their VOICES can heard as Marty's head slowly comes up.
0) 868) text: A fury rises in Marty's face. He cries out at them.
0) 869) dialog: "What are you doing tonight?"... "I  don't know, what are you doing?!"...
0) 870) text: CAMERA ANGLES over to the others who, at this outburst, s at Marty astounded.
0) 871) dialog: (continuing) The burlesque! Loew's Paradise!  Miserable and lonely! Miserable and  lonely and stupid! What am I, crazy  or something?! I got something good  here! What am I hanging around with  you guys for?!
0) 872) text: He has said this in tones so loud that it attracts the  attention of the few PEOPLE on the street. A little  embarrassed by the attention he's getting, he turns, open the door to the bar, and goes into it. After a stunned moment, Angie hurries after him. INSIDE THE BAR. Marty marches the length of the room toward the phone boo in the rear. CAMERA ANGLES to disclose Angie right behind him. Marty is about to enter one of the phone booths, but he s as Angie hurries up to him.
0) 874) text: Marty pauses, one foot in the booth.
0) 875) dialog: You don't like her. My mother don't  like her. She's a dog, and I'm a  fat, ugly little man. All I know is  I hadda good time last night. I'm  gonna have a good time tonight. If  we have enough good times together,  I'm gonna go down on my knees and  beg that girl to marry me. If we  make a party again this New Year's,  I gotta date for the party. You don't  like her, that's too bad.
0) 876) text: Marty has been fishing in his pocket for his address book He opens it to its proper page and steps decisively into phone booth. Nearby, Angie prowls around outside the booth. The booth  door is open. Marty starts to dial. A hush fills the room except for the CLICKING of the telephone dial. INSIDE THE PHONE BOOTH. The look of fury has drained from Marty's face. He holds receiver to his ear, glances out toward Angie. CAMERA ANG to include Angie.
0) 877) dialog: (his old amiable self) When you gonna get married, Angie?  Aren't you ashamed of yourself? You're  thirty-three years old. All your kid  brothers are married. You oughta be  ashamed of yourself.
0) 878) text: Still smiling at his very private joke, Marty returns to phone, and after a fraction of a second...
0) 879) dialog: Hello... Clara?...
0) 880) text: As Angie looks miserable, and Marty slowly reaches out an pushes the phone booth door shut, and continues to talk i the phone, we very slowly... FADE OUT.