0) 26) text: The Young Men exit without answering. Marty moves further into the bar, which is crowded with locals, smoky, noisy. ACROSS GROUP at bar with Marty in the background approach we see a group consisting of RALPH, who wears a suit and  tie, the only man in the room who isn't in shirtsleeves o Basque shirt; JOE, thirty-two, hunched over a girlie maga a KID, twenty-two, studying the magazine over Joe's shoul
0) 29) dialog: So these two girls come over to the  bar...
0) 31) dialog: ...and they sit down right next to  me...
0) 33) dialog: I look over at this one nexta me,  not bad, about thirty-five -- Hiya,  Marty...
0) 35) dialog: ...I been talking about two nurses  Leo and me picked up in a bar on  Seventy-First Street.
0) 37) dialog: So, Marty, lemme tell you about these  nurses, Marty...
0) 40) dialog: Turns out these two girls are nurses  in some hospital on a Hundred and  Fourth Street...
0) 44) dialog: So, Marty, let me tell you about  these nurses...
0) 46) dialog: The nurses Leo and me picked up last  night. We got a date with them  tonight.
0) 50) dialog: I used to go out with a girl like  that...
0) 491) text: They have only gone a few paces farther when Marty's shoe comes loose again. He fidgets self-consciously, bends dow and begins to retie it. The VOICE of Ralph, the well-dres man, established previously, is heard.
0) 493) text: Marty and Clara both look off... STREET. CAR WINDOW. Ralph is leaning out the car window twisting to look back the street.
0) 494) dialog: (yelling) Hey, Marty!
0) 496) dialog: Marty! Over here!
0) 497) text: Marty and Clara again look around trying to find Ralph. M spots him leaning out of the window of a '47 Chevy parked the background.
0) 499) dialog: (yelling) Hey, Marty, come over here a minute.
0) 500) text: Marty and Clara start walking toward the Chevy. INSIDE THE CHEVY. Ralph and MABEL, a young woman in her early thirties, are seated in front. In the rear seat of the car, LEO is  sandwiched in between a MISS LOUISE KELLY and a MISS ELAI RITCHIE.
0) 501) dialog: (explaining to girls) You'll like this guy. This guy's a  nice guy.
0) 503) dialog: Yeah.
0) 508) dialog: (indicates with his  head that he wishes  to hold a whispered  conference with Marty) Hey, Marty, come here a minute.
0) 509) text: Marty leans with his elbow on the open front window of th car, his head bowed, waiting for Ralph to speak his piece He studiously avoids looking at the girls in the car.
0) 510) dialog: (lowering his voice) Hey, Marty, we got an odd squirrel  here, you interested?
0) 511) text: Marty allows his eyes to flicker quickly over the girl in the seat next to Ralph.
0) 513) dialog: (turning his head  toward the rear of  the car and raising  his voice) Hey, Louise, I want you to meet Marty  Pilletti. Marty, that's Louise Kelly,  inna back seat there.
0) 517) dialog: (addressing Marty's  bowed head in a quick  mutter) Listen, Marty, these three squirrels  are nurses. We're all going over  Leo's house later because there's  nobody there. These are the squirrels  I told you about. Money inna bank,  man. Wanna get inna car? She's a  pretty nice-looking doll.
0) 519) dialog: Get ridda her. This is money inna  bank.
0) 521) dialog: This is a good deal here, Marty.
0) 526) text: Ralph bends forward and starts the car.
0) 529) text: Marty takes a step or two back from the car, and Ralph be the business of wheeling the car from out of its parking  place. The car backs and fills once or twice and eventual clears and whisks into the street. Marty stands looking after the departing car, then slowly turns and goes back up the sidewalk. He joins Clara and w
0) 789) text: He turns away from the bar annoyed, notes Ralph, sitting  alone in one of the booths, reading the Sunday comics. Ma ambles over to him.
0) 791) dialog: (looking up) Oh man, you shoulda come with us  last night, Marty. That one for you  was a real lunatic. How'd you make  out?
0) 830) dialog: Marty, you don't wanna hang around  with dogs. It gives you a bad  reputation.