0) 89) text: She hangs up, braces herself, turns and starts back to Th and Virginia in the dining room.
0) 91) dialog: So what happened, Aunt Theresa, about  the milk bottle was my mother-in- law, she comes inna kitchen, Aunt  Theresa, and she begins poking her  head over my shoulder here and poking  her head over my shoulder there, so  then she begins telling me how I  waste money and how I can't cook,  and how I'm raising my baby all wrong,  so she got me so nervous, I spilled  some milk I was making for the baby...
0) 93) dialog: So she say, "You're spilling the  milk." So she kept talking about  these coupla drops of milk I spilled,  so she got me so mad, so I said,  "Mama, you wanna see me really spill  some milk?" So I took the bottle,  and I threw it against the door. I  didn't throw it at her. That's just  something she made up. She goes around  telling everybody I threw the bottla  milk at her. I didn't throw it  anywheres near her. Well, I was sorry  right away, you know, but she ran  outta the house.
0) 95) text: Thomas and Virginia suddenly frown and look down at their hands as if of one mind.
0) 97) dialog: Lemme tell it, Tommy.
0) 99) dialog: We want you to do a very big favor  for us, Aunt Theresa.
0) 101) dialog: Aunt Theresa, you got this big house  here. I mean, you got this big house  just for you and Marty. And I thought  maybe Tommy's mother could come here  and live with you and Marty.
0) 103) dialog: Because I called up Tommy's brother  Joe, and I said, "Joe, she's driving  me crazy. Why don't you take her for  a couple of years?" And he said, "Oh  no!" I know I sound like a terrible  woman...
0) 105) dialog: (on the verge of tears) I just can't stand it any more! Every  minute of the day! Do this! Do that!  I don't have ten minutes privacy  with my husband! We can't even have  a fight! We don't have no privacy!  Everybody's miserable in our house!
0) 108) text: Virginia promptly bursts into tears.
0) 113) dialog: (having mastered her  tears) That's very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa.
0) 122) dialog: This is very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa,  what you're doing for us, and don't  think we don't appreciate...
0) 137) text: She exits into the kitchen. Virginia follows her to the  kitchen door, where the two women ad-lib the following li over the ensuing scene between Marty and Thomas.
0) 138) dialog: I'm sorry we gotta rush like this...
0) 140) dialog: On accounta...
0) 144) dialog: Tommy, I promised the babysitter six  o'clock.
0) 148) dialog: (off-screen, from  deep in the kitchen) Tommy!
0) 154) dialog: (off-screen) Goodby, Marty!
0) 270) dialog: Hello, Aunt Theresa. Come in.
0) 271) text: Mrs. Pilletti enters the apartment. APARTMENT. Virginia closes the door after Mrs. Pilletti enters, and  they stand in a small narrow hallway, brightly lit. At th far end to the right is the living room in the background
0) 273) text: Virginia helps her with her coat.
0) 274) dialog: (nods, keeping her  voice low) We didn't tell her anything yet. We  thought that we'd leave it to you.  We thought you'd put it like how you  were lonely, and why don't she come  to live with you. Because that way  it looks like she's doing you a favor,  insteada we're throwing her out, and  it won't be so cruel on her. Do you  want Tommy and me to stay here with  you?
0) 280) text: He comes down to Mrs. Pilletti and Virginia, lowers his v to a conspiratorial whisper.
0) 285) text: Mrs. Pilletti heads up the foyer to the living room, foll by Virginia and Thomas.
0) 296) text: Now that the standard greetings are over, Aunt Catherine  abruptly turns and goes back into the living room. Mrs.  Pilletti follows. Virginia and Thomas remain in the doorw LIVING ROOM. Catherine and Mrs. Pilletti enter and Catherine heads str to a chair -- obviously her chair. It is an old heavy oak chair with thick armrests. The rest of the apartment is  furnished in what is known as "modern." A piece from Hous Beautiful here, a piece from American Homes and Gardens t Aunt Catherine sits erect and forbidding in her chair. Mr Pilletti seats herself with a sigh in a neighboring chair Thomas and Virginia remain off-screen in the hallway for moment to hang up Mrs. Pilletti's coat. The two old siste sit for a moment.
0) 310) text: Virginia comes into the living room with Thomas. They rem in the background.
0) 314) dialog: Listen, let's go downa Kaplans'  apartment. They told us to come down.
0) 668) dialog: (heavy whisper) Don't you think I feel lousy about  this too?
0) 670) dialog: Tommy...
0) 674) dialog: Why do you always put me inna position  of being the louse?
0) 676) text: He stands, then becomes aware he has to put on his other  sock. He sits down again and pulls the second sock on.  Virginia has had a hot reply in her mouth, but she forces back. She rocks the baby a little.
0) 677) dialog: Tommy, I love you, and I know you  feel lousy right now, but we're never  gonna be happy unless we have a chance  to work out our own lives. We can't  keep talking in whispers like this  the resta our lives. We gotta have  some privacy. We...
0) 680) text: The old lady nods brusquely. LIVING ROOM. Thomas stands with his head bowed to hide the tears he fe sweeping into his hot eyes. Then he returns to his bedroo in his stocking-feet, carrying his shoes. BEDROOM. Thomas comes in just as Virginia bends over the bassinet, having gotten the baby back to sleep. Thomas cries to her a furious whisper.
0) 682) text: He turns from her, sits down on the bed miserably angry w the world, his wife, his mother, himself. The baby begins whimper again. Virginia turns wearily to her husband.
0) 683) dialog: Tommy...
0) 702) text: He goes out into the yard to Virginia. He is as gay as a  bird. He takes the baby from Virginia's arms, holds it hi up above him.
0) 704) text: Thomas hasn't been listening to Marty and crosses quickly Virginia.
0) 706) dialog: Oh shaddup, will you do me a favor?
0) 709) text: Thomas has been trying to listen to Marty, but his though are all with his own problem. He whirls on Virginia.
0) 711) dialog: (with her own temper) Waddaya talking about?!!
0) 713) dialog: I told her she could use the kitchen  any time she wanted...
0) 715) dialog: She don't wanna use my pots and pans!
0) 717) dialog: Waddaya want me to do, go out and  buy a whole new setta pots and pans?!
0) 724) text: Virginia hurries over and takes the crying baby from Mart arms, walks around comforting the child. Thomas turns bac to Marty.
0) 728) dialog: Sure, all you wanna eat is that greasy  stuff your mother makes.
0) 734) dialog: (her temper flaring  again) Your mother handles the kid like he  was a yoyo!
0) 750) text: Marty comes in from the living room, a little down after session with Thomas and Virginia.
0) 757) text: She sends another frightened look at her sister and follo Marty out into the living room. MARTY'S PORCH. Marty, his mother, Thomas and Virginia with the baby file down the porch to the street on their way to church. Mart and his mother are both troubled. The anger has left both Thomas and Virginia, but they are both silent. At the far end of the alleyway, as they reach the street, Virginia p her free arm through her husband's elbow. Thomas looks br at her and they exchange a look of commiseration. Everyon turns and disappears off into the street. CHURCH. A HIGH, WIDE ANGLE SHOT of the church establishes that st of Sunday morning between the nine and ten o'clock masses People flock around the doors of the church. INSIDE THE CHURCH. The parishioners are making their ways to the door. A few silent penitents still kneel here and there in the long e rows of pews. The large, almost empty church is filled no with organ MUSIC. Both Marty and his mother seem a little depressed as they stand at the doorway just inside the church, as the nine  o'clock mass people flow out, and the first of the ten o' mass people file in.