23) 0) text: Matt's brother BILLY, 11, and sister Mary, 7, race upstai arguing over bedrooms. Wendy follows them, giving chase.
32) 3) dialog: Matt? Where are you? Matt? Billy comes down the stairs. But the bedroom is empty.
32) 5) dialog: Whoa. How’d you get in there? And we see it really wasn’t a dream. The door is open.
33) 0) text: From Billy’s POV, we get our first good look inside there
33) 1) dialog: What is this place?
33) 3) dialog: Matt - slow down - Matt! Stop! 50 27.
33) 5) dialog: What's the matter with you?
44) 3) dialog: Is Mary a total Goon? “Oh Yes!” Mary grabs it from him.
72) 0) text: Pale and weak, Matt plays catch with Billy.
72) 3) dialog: What is it?
72) 5) dialog: I don’t see anyone! I don’t! With all his strength Matt flings the ball at a window, smashing it. He grabs and turns Billy, to steer his eyes.
72) 7) dialog: No! I can’t. Get off of me! He spins and all too easily knocks Matt down - that’s the most horrible part - his once strong big brother drops li sack of dried leaves as Wendy comes running out of the ho
72) 9) dialog: He -
72) 11) dialog: Nothing. We were just fooling around. Matt throws a silent look of thanks to his younger brothe But Billy doesn’t nod back. He just hurries towards the h to put distance between him and Matt. Wendy reaches out t help Matt up. He ignores her. Crawls back to his feet.
79) 1) dialog: We're bored.
80) 0) text: Billy races past Mary. Both heading straight for the litt elevator door in the hallway. But Billy’s already in ther
80) 2) dialog: Find your own place. He pulls the door shut.
84) 0) text: Billy’s trying to make no noise - but it’s dark - and stu and a little scary in there. It seems for an instant like there’s something else in there - something behind him.
87) 0) text: Billy sees something behind him: he’s sharing the elevato with JONAH. He screams in terror.
88) 0) text: Hearing the scream, Wendy yanks the door open and Billy c tumbling out of the empty elevator.
88) 1) dialog: I saw - there was- 105
89) 0) text: Wendy runs in. The door slams shut behind her. Plunging t attic back to near total darkness but for the shafts of d strewn light from cracks and narrow windows. She can’t see well, has to mostly feel with her hand - sh finds Mary’s leg but not before her hand breaks through w so rotten you can see spiders and silver fish crawling in Matt comes in followed by Billy. He hurries to where his sister and cousin are.
120) 1) text: A stuffed animal with a tiny bell round its neck - The really worn and almost shapeless one with the shoe button hanging by a string. Did it just move? Or was that just t wind? INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 140B Billy absorbed in his Krystal Ball. Staring into the litt window at the purple waters inside - seeking answers to whispered questions. Mary looks up from her doll at the d way - in time to see: That worn old stuffed animal sits on the floor in front o the door. She looks back down at her doll then hears the tinkling bell. When she looks up, the stuffed animal is g Mary gets up and goes to the door and looks down the hall There’s the little thing standing at the top of the stair facing her - as if looking right at Mary whose eyes widen what seems to her wonderful magic. Mary runs down the hall after it. Billy pays no attention too absorbed in his oracle.
124) 0) text: Wendy pulls the rotted food out of the fridge and shelves But it seems never ending. A first glance shows a normal of bread so she turns to the rotted tomatoes beside it. B when she looks back at the bread it is now green with mol She nearly gags as she stuff the last of the reeking rott food into two bulging garbage bags. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 146 Billy’s alone nervously playing with the Krystal Ball. He clutching it fiercely. Eyes shut -
124) 1) dialog: Is Mattie gonna be alright? He shakes the ball then looks intently -
124) 4) dialog: Is he gonna die? 148 89.
124) 7) text: Billy hurls the ball across the room where it smashes lea purple dye streaming down the wall. INT. POPESCU’S CAR - SAME TIME 148 He grips the steering wheel and squints against the glare on coming headlights which as he passes them pass over th white silk bundle behind him on the back seat. Popescu looks bad. Cold sweat. Having trouble focusing. A as he does - images coming to him: He’s blinking - and seeing the lights from opposing traff going by - and seeing eyes without eye-lids, and lids wit out any eyes - open and shut - open and shut.
138) 0) text: Wendy runs back in and tears down the stairs to Matt’s ro INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 160 She looks around the room - no sign of Mary - then she se her on the other side of the glass - screaming. Wendy runs to the door - but it won’t open. She tries and tries and tries - Billy runs in too - drawn by the scream Wendy looks around - for something - anything - finally s grabs the little wooden chair by the table - motions Bill get back - and swings the chair with all her might at the glass window and SHATTERS it into a million pieces.
152) 2) dialog: Mom! Dad! Wendy leads he and Mary out of the smoke.