4) 0) text: Sara with the Oncologist, DR. Brooks.
4) 1) dialog: He’s doing great.
4) 3) dialog: That’s doing chemo. It’s his stomach cells dying. And being reborn. Right now - we’re waging war. Total war. Inside Matt’s body. And the battle is just beginning.
29) 16) dialog: His skin may well turn black. Start peeling off. Perfectly normal. It’s a bit early. But that could be a good sign. He pulls a thermometer out of Matt’s mouth.
29) 17) dialog: No fever - excellent. Less nausea? Good. Even a bit of appetite. Outstanding. And no visual or auditory hallucinations or other behavioral abnormalities? She’s silent for a beat. The Doctor looks up at her, and Matt. Matt looks at her - worried she’s going to mention morning...
29) 18) dialog: Anything? She hesitates for a beat, but only a beat. 45
29) 22) dialog: Excellent. Then we can continue to stage two.
71) 3) dialog: Odd autonomic behavior. Hallucinations. Sleepwalking. Delirium. Mood shifts. INT. DR. BROOKS’S OFFICE - DAY 92 A perplexed Dr. Brooks meets with Sara and Peter.
71) 4) dialog: You really should have told me. It could have been a sign it’s moved to the brain. Tumors cause hallucinations, delusions, sudden changes in behavior and the drugs might have exacerbated them. Sara and Peter visibly react to this. DR. BROOKS (CONT’D) But it’s alright. Matt’s MRI’s are all clear. He has no brain tumors. Whatever caused the behaviors, or hallucinations, it isn’t that. 48.
71) 6) dialog: This is the crucial time. He’s had a complete round of treatments now. By the trial protocols we can’t give him anymore. And I don’t think his body could tolerate it.
71) 8) dialog: We wait and see. He’s still a great candidate for this treatment. Age counts enormously. And attitude.
71) 10) dialog: There’s a number of good drugs. It’s quite common for cancer patients to take something for anxiety or depression.
71) 12) dialog: The point is not to let his attitude interfere with the medicine. Make sure he gets well. The rest will work itself out.
71) 14) dialog: If things don’t improve you might want to consider residential care. Perhaps until he’s feeling better. 93
71) 19) dialog: I’m just making sure you know your options. And remember...
72) 1) dialog: He’s not your only child. They’re just tossing it lightly. Matt’s too weak for anyt more. In fact he misses an easy toss. The ball rolls away from him towards the house. Billy starts to run after it but Matt frustrated yells -
73) 0) text: Finished with Dr Brooks, Sara and Peter exit together. Bu silent. Lost in their own thoughts and fears. They pause at the hospital parking lot - separate vehicle He’s not by his truck - but a small banged up little car. 95 96
139) 1) dialog: He’s sedated and comfortable.
140) 1) dialog: The markings are gone. The skin is really an extension of the mind. Just some kind of dermatitis. Dermographia. Nothing dangerous. They look relieved. But the Doctor looks grim. DR. BROOKS (CONT’D) But we ran his panels. I’m afraid it’s not good news. The treatment has frankly had no effect. His cell count is worse than before.
140) 3) dialog: I wish I could tell you there was. I believe in fighting till you die. But not fighting when you’re dead. With these numbers I have no idea what’s keeping him alive.
141) 2) dialog: Given his state it might be best for him just to stay here.
141) 6) dialog: But then again the choice is yours. I can connect you with a hospice, or if you think you can handle it - bring him home.
141) 8) dialog: There’s really no way of saying for sure. He could go tonight. Or ina week. Probably not more.
141) 10) dialog: Of course.
142) 0) text: Dr Brooks and Matt’s parents arrive at Matt’s door and wh they push it open, they find only the cell mate there. He’s rocking on his bed. Mumbling to himself. We can bare make it out...
142) 2) dialog: (on phone) He can’t have got far. He’s literally dead on his feet. 97.