27) 0) text: On this moonless night the darkened house looms like a shadow’s shadow. Darker than the night itself. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 40 Matt in bed, face covered in sweat. His closed eyes twitc from the force of rapid eye movement. Suddenly he sits upright in bed. Eyes still closed. Then they snap open. But blank and unseeing - staring not merely across the ro but across decades of time past into the glassed in room. MATT’S POV: In the next chamber he sees a tall thin man - the one he earlier saw embalming a body - AICKMAN - who now seems be over some writing on pale parchment. Beyond him the boy, JONAH - watches Aickman writing with look of growing horror - then looks up across the space a locks eyes with Matt - And suddenly it is as if Matt can see through Jonah's eye a_close vision of Aickman's strange writing: Aliguem Mortuum Suspiria Magical words and symbols fill the screen. Thin scratchin in red on parchment. Arcane words in an ancient languages necromancy. And as we see them, we hear them:
37) 0) text: The same parlor where they now sit - but now it is arraye for a different sort of ritual. Six people seated around circular table, holding hands. Holding a seance. Aickman, eyes lit with an uncanny fire, stands behind the circle. Move around the table and see their faces: skepti nervous, mournful, others nearly joyful. - and at the end of the circle we come to the boy, JONAH. - in whose pale impassive face only the liquid green eyes show anything at all: abject dread. We circle around them faster and faster - Sometimes from front of their faces - sometimes from behind their heads The candle light throws fantastic shadows - Dizzying us - with the swaying and the singing - and the movement -
49) 0) text: Matt peers into the parlor, through mottled glass. It’s e - Then he hears a sound behind him - like a doorknob turn he spins back to the hall - towards the front door and se Jonah at the door - his hand on the door knob - slowly turning, quietly easing the front door open... Matt’s about to cry out - when he sees a big grey hand sl the back of Jonah's neck - and another grab him by the ha It's the tall thin man, AICKMAN. Jonah twists and struggl as Aickman drags him back - right past the wide-eyed Matt Matt opens his mouth to say something - to scream but no sound comes out - as he sees the ghostly figures disappea down the basement stairs...
50) 0) text: Each of the others in their hiding places. Trying to hold their breath and not make a sound. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 66 Matt comes down the basement stairs and sees across his o room to the other chamber and, for just an instant, sees: Jonah surrounded by shrouded corpses. Then the door slams shut on its own, blocking Matt’s view... The game is forgotten now - Matt races the few steps from stairs across his bedroom to the dividing wall door - and throws it open and sees:
70) 0) text: Matt’s listening to Joy Division - Love Will Tear Us Apar Reading a music magazine. Puts it down. Too sick to read. 90 91 46. As he lowers the magazine JONAH’S FACE is inches from him Matt GASPS. He can’t move or even breathe from terror. The two faces so similar - both blackened - and gaunt - f moment it’s almost as if Matt were looking into a mirror. Only Jonah’s intense GREEN eyes distinguishes them. Within his terror Matt tries to act on Popescu’s ‘Fear No Evil.’ To muster all his courage.
71) 2) dialog: Please Sir - they wants OUT... For the sake of the others Sara literally shoves her fist into her mouth to stifle her scream...
87) 0) text: Billy sees something behind him: he’s sharing the elevato with JONAH. He screams in terror.
90) 9) text: These are different. Not photos of the dead. But of the living contacting the dead. Seances. Spirit photographs. might recognize the setting and the participants from Mat glimpse of the seance while saying grace. Stiff black and white photos that yet have a kind of unspeakable horror about them. Unposed, off-angle, captur sitters in states of horrid fascination and terror. And the boy medium, Jonah, in mid-spirit possession: slig out-of-focus, his body wracked, twisted, face contorted, mouth gaping wide as translucent tendrils of smoke-like ectoplasm flow out of him. In others the ectoplasm can be seen more clearly and look like strings or slabs of grey, greasy meat that extrude f his hands, his chest, even his face, during the sittings.
96) 0) text: She points to the photos they found in the attic: the ectoplasm coming from Jonah.
100) 0) text: ..-right back to the original seance. Right where we left The table begins to tremble beneath their fingers - the l rattling against the floor. All the sitters eyes now on Jonah who clamps his eyes shu Beads of sweat rise from every pore on his face. Tiny bum all over his skin. Then as a low unearthly moan rises from the depths of his belly, his face grimaces - the skin stretches tight - as there were a tremendous wind bearing down upon him - exce there is no wind. As Jonah shakes, and shudders convulsively, another sound rises from within him - it begins as a moan - a wet moan with a kind of slurping shucking sound as if something we literally rising from some internal sea within him. With a sucking gasp, Jonah's mouth opens suddenly - wide wider - impossibly wide - as if his face must rip in half Suddenly a CHOKING SOUND from the boy - as something fina begins to emerge from his mouth... 112c 69. The ECTOPLASM. We only see it for briefest flashes: This is not an airy substance of light and spirit. More like an infernal combination of dusty smoke and crumbling rotted meat - as smoke were a kind of flesh.
104) 0) text: Wendy's asleep. As she tosses and turns we hear strange sounds in the darkness - as if cages were opening - and b were flying out of the cages and around the room - though the darkness we can’t see it. It sounds as if they are flapping all around her, wilder and wilder. Suddenly with a THWACK it sounds like one of the birds smashed against the window next to the bed. Wendy wakes and looks around in the darkness, heart pound She throws her arm out of the covers and lights the lamp beside her bed. This lights her bed - and stops the sound flapping wings - but the corners of the room are still da No birds sounds now. Just a low heavy rasping breathing.. And she senses: the room is not empty. Someone is there i the shadows, staring at her. WENDY (CONT’D) Matt? What are you doing? What do you want? No reply. She just sees one of the eyes in the dark, star at her. For a second it seems as if we can see the frozen mist from someone’s breath. Then a mouth opens - and a small faint croak. Barely huma Wholly unintelligible. Wendy tilts the lamp shade towards that corner of the room - - and for a second illuminates a corner where not Matt - a_horribly burned and scared Jonah crouches staring at he
104) 1) text: She leaps out of bed and turns the full room light on. Th looks around. The room is empty. No Matt. No Jonah. Just
112) 0) text: Sara leads Popescu down. Popescu stops. Moves his magnets Then carries on, into Matt’s bedroom. Matt lies weakly on bed. Popescu stares at him - no not at_him - but next to Popescu’s POV: Jonah - blackened and frightened looking - stands over Matt - threatening or protecting? We cannot t
114) 0) text: Popescu bows his head and murmurs a prayer for the dead i Latin. As he does the elevator POUNDS TWICE AS LOUD, like was angrily and malevolently alive. Starting to tremble, Popescu reaches behind him for his b bag. And from within it pulls out a white silk prayer sha Wiping his brow with the back of his shaking hand Popescu gently sweeps Jonah’s last remains and folds them into th silk. He murmurs a last prayer and as he does - the eleva suddenly stops. The shaking and pounding noises stop. The whole house is suddenly still and quiet. Popescu has won the battle, but looks as though he won’t live though the night, he is spe INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 129C Deafening silence. Wendy and the little ones on the bed. Cautiously take their fingers from their ears - and adjus the quiet. She looks around. Takes a breath. The place undeniably feels different.
115) 0) text: At his open car, Sara hands Popescu the silken bundle wit Jonah’s remains in it, and he puts them gently on the sea 83.
125) 0) text: He looks back up into the rear view mirror and sees: JONA the back seat! Popescu slowly turns around - dreading what he will see i the back seat - Jonah - looks back at him. Their eyes loc Popescu’s eyes widen - his mouth opens and we
126) 0) text: Right back where we were. Jonah raises his head. He looks around in horror - the ro has changed - is still changing - the walls themselves ha crumbly ectoplasmic appearance, bits of it crumble, revea cracks and holes through which we see not the outside - b some infinite black space - Jonah reels back and sees that he is the only one alive. sitters all lie on the floor in frozen dead rictus of ter He hears a GROAN. It's Aickman. He lies on the floor - he not quite dead. And he's trying to speak. Jonah brings his face close to the dying man - can barely hear what Aickman is saying from his hideously shredded l just elusive fragments -
126) 4) text: He reels back and up to his feet - runs out of the room a into the photo salon. For a second all is quiet but then we hear WHISPERING and MOANING - growing - and Jonah looks around at all the funerary portraits on the walls: In each photo - the dead seem to come alive their faces n covered in Aickman's engravings - they SCREAM at Jonah fr within their frames - Jonah runs for the front door but it SLAMS in his face. A no amount of force will open it. He turns and runs up the stairs followed by the sound of BANGING as every door in the house swings open and slams - open and shut - again and again - louder and LOUDER - making it impossible for him to enter or exit any room - Where can he go? Where can he hide from the madness all around him? We can't tell what is real and what may be his terrified - but it seems that every part of the house has come aliv and either physically threatens him - or seems itself to filled with angry accusing faces and hands - And then he sees - one door open - not swinging open and - just open. It's the elevator door. It seems dark and sa and quiet in there - The shaking sobbing boy crawls into dark womb of the elevator. And as he does - for a second the whole house goes quiet sound except the heavy breathing and sobbing of Jonah. Suddenly the metal elevator door slams shut. And with a grinding groan we hear the elevator begin to descend. Hear Jonah's pounding fists on the metal walls. And the howling and wailing and pounding of the whole house resum as if an angry mob demanding satisfaction... Down in the embalming room we stare at the closed door of furnace into which the elevator descends. We can hear the thudding of Jonah pounding from within th elevator as it descends and lands down here in the baseme Suddenly -we see the lever of the furnace move by itself and we see the FLASH OF FLAME as the fire ignites in the furnace and we hear Jonah's SCREAMS muffled yet deepened the enclosure of oven and elevator. 92. And as the boy burns all other sounds fall away - everyth grows silent except the terrible muffled screams of the burning boy.
127) 0) text: Popescu sits in the car, tears stream from his eyes. He r down the window and lets the wind blow open the silk and a thousand particles that once were Jonah into the air.
139) 0) text: Matt sits in bed. Head nodding from sedatives. His skin h cleared. No trace of the markings. But he’s in hell now, real demons. The OTHER PATIENT in his room frozen with th thousand yard stare of heavy anti-psychotic meds. Matt just covers his face with his hands. Then there’s a strange SILENCE as a shadow falls over him - he looks up. It’s JONAH, his head strangely tilted. Matt looks around. Nobody else sees him.
141) 0) text: Jonah stands now before Matt. Matt’s cell mate stares - b we can’t tell if he sees Jonah too or not. We cannot tell what Jonah intends. Matt rises woozy. The boys approach each other - closer and closer...For a mome almost a mirror effect - as the two boys stand in front o each other - once again - only Jonah’s intense GREEN EYES distinguish them - NEW ANGLE - MATT’S CELL MATE suddenly squawks, for reasons unknown.
143) 0) text: For a boy who should already be dead, Matt/Jonah seems strangely strong as he runs down the road by the cemetery the surrounding trees bent over in the heavy wind. Super: 3:20 a.m. A BANGING SOUND in the night. The garage door - smashed o bangs open and closed in the increasingly heavier wind.
145) 0) text: Wendy opens the back door. She sees the garage door swing in the wind, but in front of it now stands Matt/Jonah hol an axe. She is stunned for a moment.
146) 0) text: The little kids are crying and Wendy’s pleading with Matt/Jonah - He shoves them roughly out the door -
146) 1) dialog: Whatever you do - don’t let them put out the fire.
146) 4) dialog: Don’t worry. They can’t hurt me. I’m already dead. He slams the door. Then turns with grim purpose back towa the parlor.
150) 0) text: Matt/Jonah has barricaded the doors. Piling furniture and anything that can move - in front of the doors. From within we hear a pounding and ripping sound.
151) 0) text: He’s ripping at the walls with the axe. Splintering the w Breaking it apart. And as he does - we see: More corpses. Embalmed and perfectly preserved - and cove in Aickman’s engraved spells. 172 173 100. Twenty, thirty - more - they’re everywhere. Behind every - beneath every floor board. Everywhere he tears back the wall - there’s more dried - engraved corpses. The house is a living tomb - literally stuffed to the raf with all the bodies that have been stuffed in the place. Jonah/Matt’s shaking hands finally succeed in lighting th inside of the walls which begin to burn rapidly. Igniting the dry corpses around them - filled with flammable embal chemicals - the bodies blaze like man-sized Duraflame log
153) 0) text: Matt/Jonah has torn the stuffing out of all the furniture is thrusting it in with the corpses. He’s in the dark hea of the house now. His hands are weak and shaking. And he keeps convulsing a shifting between Jonah and Matt. As he mumbles to himself sometimes in one voice and sometimes in another - Behind him - the whole house seems to be shifting - chang 174
153) 7) text: They are everywhere: coming down stairs - stepping out of walls - rising from the floor - all headed for Matt/Jonah
156) 8) dialog: -..and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
157) 0) text: As the hose blasts away the ash and char we see Matt - no Matt/Jonah - just Matt. And he looks better than we have him look so far. Eyes bright. Skin clear. He looks damn g Especially for a dead boy. It’s impossible - no burns - no wounds - and no signs of either the disease or the cure or anything he’s been thro He looks practically pink and new as the day he was born. Old Popescu sees this and falls to his knees in prayer. And as all three of them reach the lawn they are mobbed w joy by Wendy and the kids. Peter then puts his arm around his son and they hug. Then they look up at the pre-dawn sky, still full of stars.