23) 0) text: Matt's brother BILLY, 11, and sister Mary, 7, race upstai arguing over bedrooms. Wendy follows them, giving chase.
25) 6) dialog: I don’t think so.
25) 8) dialog: Now I lay me down to sleep - As we hear the prayer we PAN ACROSS the shelf above her b lined with all her stuffed animals and dolls: including h favorite, a featureless soft thing, worn to almost nothin impossible to say whether it was once a teddy-bear or rab or what. Its remaining shoe-button eye hangs by a string. MARY O.S. If I should die before I wake... We continue out down the hall to the next room where -
26) 1) dialog: I pray the Lord my soul to take. Billy’s a bit spooked. He closes his door most of the way He looks in the closet. Then checks under the bed too. 39 40 19.
44) 4) dialog: Is Billy a Poop Head? “But of course, my dear!”
79) 2) dialog: Please play a game with us.
80) 0) text: Billy races past Mary. Both heading straight for the litt elevator door in the hallway. But Billy’s already in ther
80) 1) dialog: There’s room for me too.
82) 0) text: Mary runs in and out of the rooms.
83) 0) text: Sound of little FOOTSTEPS. Something seems to be running the far back of the attic as Mary opens the door and ente That same extreme of dark and light from outside - but he with darkness winning and just a few shafts of high hot l through dust. INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101¢ Wendy comes up the stairs - not in any hurry to find any
85) 0) text: Mary's tiptoeing into the back of the little attic. Looki for a good hiding place. The section of the floor in the is so rotten it just dissolves. Mary screams as her leg breaks through the rotted floor -
89) 0) text: Wendy runs in. The door slams shut behind her. Plunging t attic back to near total darkness but for the shafts of d strewn light from cracks and narrow windows. She can’t see well, has to mostly feel with her hand - sh finds Mary’s leg but not before her hand breaks through w so rotten you can see spiders and silver fish crawling in Matt comes in followed by Billy. He hurries to where his sister and cousin are.
89) 5) dialog: What? She looks at Matt. Her face drained of color. 106
99) 10) text: head_is flickering horribly. But Mary doesn’t notice.
99) 35) dialog: What good?
101) 0) text: As Sara is coming up the stairs, Mary comes running out o her room - SCREAMING. She runs like a straight into Sara - nearly knocking her down. Sara quiets Mary down. 115 72.
101) 2) dialog: What does he want?
101) 4) dialog: The ugly man.
101) 6) dialog: He had tattoos. And I wasn’t sleeping. I was playing with my dolls. Sara leads her back into her bedroom.
101) 8) dialog: No Mommy. Please. Leave it on.
101) 10) dialog: But I wasn’t asleep. And as she pulls the cover around her we drift away out t window into the summer night - pulling back until we are:
102) 0) text: A moonless night. The house a dark shadow in a sea of dee darkness. With one light still shining - from Mary’s room SUPER: August 22nd. Two nights later. 1:00 A.M. 116 117 73. Now we float back towards the house - but not to Mary’s n continuously lit window but to the dark window of... INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 116 Where Sara’s asleep. She shifts in her sleep. Perhaps distantly aware of the strange sound in her bedroom: FOOTSTEPS. Pacing. Back and forth in front of the bed. Sara’s eyes snap awake. She hears the FOOTSTEPS. She rais her head - can’t see anything in the room. But can distin hear FOOTSTEPS in the room. Marching back and forth in fr of her bed.
113) 7) dialog: Make it stop! Make it stop!
119) 0) text: Wendy runs into the kitchen - but as she enters is hit by wall of smell. She gags. Something horribly rotten - she glances round the kitchen and sees: The flowers which a little while ago were bright are now dead. The fruit bowl - at first looks fine - but literall before her eyes the fruit decays into a festering pulp. She opens the refrigerator. The light is off. It’s not co Everything inside’s covered in mold. She slams the door. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 140 Mary whispers with her doll. We hear only bits of it. 141
119) 2) dialog: (to her doll) Really? They’re all here? Though she’s playing - there is nothing ‘playful’ about i Something eerie about her intense, one sided conversation
120) 1) text: A stuffed animal with a tiny bell round its neck - The really worn and almost shapeless one with the shoe button hanging by a string. Did it just move? Or was that just t wind? INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 140B Billy absorbed in his Krystal Ball. Staring into the litt window at the purple waters inside - seeking answers to whispered questions. Mary looks up from her doll at the d way - in time to see: That worn old stuffed animal sits on the floor in front o the door. She looks back down at her doll then hears the tinkling bell. When she looks up, the stuffed animal is g Mary gets up and goes to the door and looks down the hall There’s the little thing standing at the top of the stair facing her - as if looking right at Mary whose eyes widen what seems to her wonderful magic. Mary runs down the hall after it. Billy pays no attention too absorbed in his oracle.
121) 0) text: Mary stands in the little hallway. Looks for the stuffed animal. Can’t see it in either direction. But she hears t little bell. Then she sees it at the bottom of the stairs 143 144 145 146 147 88.
122) 0) text: Mary at the top of the stairs headed down to follow it. Thinking what a wonderful game this is...
123) 0) text: Mary gets to the stairs too late to see the doll - but sh can hear its bell disappearing into the darkness of what Matt’s bedroom, and is now more like the black hole of Calcutta. Or just a black hole. The cave of all nightmare Mary hesitates but only for a second - then giggles nervo and trundles down the stairs - and quickly disappears aft it into the darkness at the bottom of the stairs.
137) 0) text: Wendy looks around. Where’s the scream? Hears it again - coming from the basement. She looks to the low windows th look into Matt’s room and sees Mary standing on a table pounding on the window. 159 160 161 162
138) 0) text: Wendy runs back in and tears down the stairs to Matt’s ro INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 160 She looks around the room - no sign of Mary - then she se her on the other side of the glass - screaming. Wendy runs to the door - but it won’t open. She tries and tries and tries - Billy runs in too - drawn by the scream Wendy looks around - for something - anything - finally s grabs the little wooden chair by the table - motions Bill get back - and swings the chair with all her might at the glass window and SHATTERS it into a million pieces.