1) 15) dialog: Talking to yourself? You know what they say, first sign of losing it.
1) 17) dialog: I think that’s the second.
1) 19) dialog: Pull over Mom. I’m gonna be sick.
1) 21) text: It’s the chemo. I’m really gonna be- She pulls over - he throws open the back door - we hear b don’t see him RETCHING. She turns instinctively to help - MATT (0.S.) (CONT’D) Mom - don’t look. I’m OK. She winces with every retch. Matt comes back in.
4) 5) text: Tight shots of Matt’s treatment with Sara’s house search: 10
5) 0) text: After more scratched off lists, Sara is near tears. She l out the window and sees it’s the cemetery she’s passing. turns away and rams her foot down on the gas as if she co out run the grim reaper - or at least her tears. Gloved hands place a fitted mask to hold Matt’s head in 9 position. Metal rods and leather straps keep his body immobilized. With a mechanical WHIR the radiation commenc
9) 3) dialog: (through clenched teeth) Doctor says to patient; I got bad news. You’ve got cancer. And you’ve got Alzheimer’s.’ Patient says ‘Whew, least I don’t have cancer.’ Sara laughs not to cry. As each tiny bump sends paroxysms pain through Matt’s body. MATT (CONT’D) At least I don’t have nausea. He’s putting on a brave face - but his groans can’t be stifled. Every small bump in the road sends shockwaves of pain through his young body. Sara steals glances in the r view mirror at him - and it tears at her heart. She turns car around and heads back the way they came...
10) 0) text: Mr. Singh stands out front with Sara, near her car. We se he’s brought a big mattress, two sleeping bags, a portabl and even some take-away food. Both of them helping a frail Matt out of the back seat of the car, one putting a blanket around his shoulders.
11) 0) text: Two sleeping bags lie on the mattress beside the table. 17 18 10. Matt, half asleep, watches TV. Behind him we see Sara on phone.
12) 0) text: Looking down on Sara and Matt. Each in their own sleeping bag. But lying close. The dark room seems filled with muf voices. The walls seem to whisper like faint swarms of be A close POV of the sleeping mother and son - as of someon standing right over them... Matt stirs, looks up uneasily at the spot where a second it seemed someone was standing observing them. Nothing th Matt slips out of bed as quietly as he can. He starts int the nearest bathroom - but realizes the sound will wake h so he goes looking for another one upstairs.
13) 2) dialog: Mom? He opens the door. No one’s there. He pads back downstair 19 20 21 11. INT. PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 19 But he sees she’s still sound asleep. He’s about to get i his sleeping bag when again he hears--
14) 0) text: He steps into the darkened stairwell. Suddenly the silenc torn by a GRINDING sound - from deep inside the house: th clanging of old elevator chains... Stepping out of the darkness of the stairs, Matt thinks h sees a mirror - but then sees it is a half wood, half thi glass wall with a door. The mirror effect is because some seems to be standing on the other side of the glass.
14) 2) dialog: Hello? Who’s there? Seen through the distorting glass: A face - impossible to if it is just a distorted reflection of his own face in t thick glass or another face on the other side looking bac him - blackened and burnt and mouth open in a scream as a hand jerks the head away by the hair -
15) 0) text: - and it is Matt who SCREAMS as he jerks awake, woozy, hi face red and covered in sweat.
15) 1) dialog: What? Wh-where? Sunlight pours in. A hand strokes his brow.
15) 3) dialog: Yeah. Just a dream. I guess. 22 23 24 25 12.
17) 0) text: Matt starts upstairs, checking out the rooms.
18) 0) text: Matt steps into the first room. Faded Victorian wall pape covered with an intricate pattern of caged song birds. Th feeling is utterly lonely, and a place out of time. INT. DOWNSTAIRS PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 25 Sara’s in the front parlor, damp dusting down the room an cabinets. She pulls at old built-in wooden cabinets benea the windows. They’re stuck shut from years of warping and dust. She pulls harder - and the wooden door opens, revea a cabinet filled with small frames stacked on their sides She pulls one out - then another - they’re old framed pho from the teens or twenties by the dress of the people - w recognize the photos - we saw them in the credit sequence - Twin boys sit one each on Mother and Father’s lap. The children seem stiff and awkward as dolls. - an old man in a bed - surrounded by family who all star into the camera - only his eyes are closed. - a mother and new born infant lie together as if sleepin - a family - Mother, Father, Three children. All sit froz before a painted backdrop of clouds as if seated in Heave Suddenly Sara recognizes what they are - DEAD PEOPLE. The looks around her and recognizes the room she’s standing i is the same as the room in which the photos were taken -s can make out the faded painted over clouds of the heavenl backdrop still visible beneath the fading paint on the wa and drops the photos on the floor, breaking the glass. 26 27 28 29 13.
19) 0) text: Sara bends over the large garbage cans out back dumping t photos into the garbage cans. Looking around back at the house to make sure Matt hasn’t seen her.
20) 0) text: In the hall Matt stops by small metal doors with a button opens the doors into a small elevator shaft covered insid with what looks like centuries of dust. He peers down int the blackness. He pulls a penny from his pocket and drops down the shaft. We hear it PINGING and KNOCKING all the w down...suddenly a GRINDING of GEARS and CLANKING CHAINS.
21) 3) dialog: Yeah. I did. The voice doesn’t come from upstairs. But from downstairs
22) 0) text: Sara finds Matt in the middle of the basement.
22) 1) dialog: Or it picked me.
22) 3) dialog: I dunno. It’s the meds mom.
22) 5) dialog: I like it. It’s nice and cool. And best of all, my own private toilet - nobody has to hear me.
22) 7) dialog: Knowing everyone can hear me puking just makes me feel worse. Alright? Matt tries the locked door in the half-glass wall that divides the space. The door is not locked. And the knob turns. But it just won’t open. MATT (CONT’D) What do you think’s back here? They both have their faces pressed against the glass tryi to see in. HONKS and SHOUTS from upstairs startle them.
23) 0) text: Matt's brother BILLY, 11, and sister Mary, 7, race upstai arguing over bedrooms. Wendy follows them, giving chase.
24) 0) text: Matt and his Dad behind the rented U-Haul, which is conne to a shiny late model pickup truck - Peter’s pride and jo Peter’s pulling boxes out of the back.
24) 1) dialog: Hand me that one.
24) 3) dialog: I can - You might - 32 33 34 15.
24) 4) dialog: Dad, I’m not gonna croak from carrying cushions.
24) 10) text: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - LATER 34 Peter finishes putting Matt’s bed together down there.
24) 12) dialog: Cool pad? Dad, this is the 80's?
24) 14) dialog: Don’t know. We couldn’t open it.
24) 21) dialog: Mom! She stops and looks up again - a bit annoyed now but tryi not to show it.
24) 23) dialog: Um, nothing - just, thanks - for cleaning my room. She gives him a peck on the cheek on her way out of the r Matt lingers in the door for a second - looking back at h room - daring it to show him something again.
25) 0) text: Tending a barbecue grill, turns to look at Matt - who’s looking up at the just appearing stars in the night sky. Peter sees something in Matt’s face. Something vulnerable Fearful. Angry? He can’t tell. Maybe all three.
25) 2) dialog: Yeah. But then I learned. All the stars we see are already dead. We just haven’t gotten the news. 37 38 18. Peter, worried, has no reply to that as Matt turns and wa into the house. Passing Sara, who is coming out with burg buns. Sara saw the worried look on Matt’s face, and it is mirrored in her own worried expression.
27) 0) text: On this moonless night the darkened house looms like a shadow’s shadow. Darker than the night itself. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 40 Matt in bed, face covered in sweat. His closed eyes twitc from the force of rapid eye movement. Suddenly he sits upright in bed. Eyes still closed. Then they snap open. But blank and unseeing - staring not merely across the ro but across decades of time past into the glassed in room. MATT’S POV: In the next chamber he sees a tall thin man - the one he earlier saw embalming a body - AICKMAN - who now seems be over some writing on pale parchment. Beyond him the boy, JONAH - watches Aickman writing with look of growing horror - then looks up across the space a locks eyes with Matt - And suddenly it is as if Matt can see through Jonah's eye a_close vision of Aickman's strange writing: Aliguem Mortuum Suspiria Magical words and symbols fill the screen. Thin scratchin in red on parchment. Arcane words in an ancient languages necromancy. And as we see them, we hear them:
27) 7) dialog: ow! He pulls his hand back. And we can see his skin blisterin as if he had grabbed burning metal.
29) 0) text: Sara’s making breakfast. Matt’s there too, taking plates a cupboard and putting them on the counter. Then he gets silverware and carries it back to the dining room. As he starts to set the knives and forks around the table hears, faint but distinctly, VOICES. He can’t tell at fir 21. From the walls? The ceiling? Or is it the floor? Or all o them? He turns around, no one’s there. Shaking it out of his mind, Matt walks back to the kitche only to find the plates he set out on the counter are gon and they’re back in the cupboard where he got them. Sara at the stove, tending to the eggs and pancakes.
29) 1) dialog: Why'd you put the plates back?
29) 3) dialog: I put the plates out and now --
29) 6) dialog: I didn’t drop them.
29) 8) dialog: I don’t know! I swear - I - saw - Sara touches his forehead, checking for fever.
29) 10) dialog: - I remember what he said. He said if I was seeing things - or even thinking weird things - it meant they'd drop me from the trial. We didn’t come this far, turn our lives upside down, move house, just to call it all off. 44 22.
29) 12) dialog: No Mom. It’s nothing. I’m not seeing things. I swear. Nothing's wrong. Really. I’m just tired. I remember now - I just left them sitting too close to the edge.
29) 14) dialog: Promise. Sorry I broke the dishes.
30) 0) text: Matt sits in a room eith six Barcaloungers facing six tel visions. Each chair attached to one of the modules which controls the chemo. Some of the people, all in street clothes, in the other five chairs have already lost their hair. Some still look robust. Some will die, and soon. In the chair next to him a strangely young pair of eyes p curiously out of an older man’s face - POPESCU. Matt hears a SCRABBLING sound and looks down at the floor the right of his chair and sees with a jolt: A large blac CRAB scuttles across the floor and scrambles under the ch Matt looks around - no one else seems to have noticed. He leans over and tries to see under the chair. Nothing. And before he can sit back up a black claw whips out and closes on the soft part of his forearm -—
31) 0) text: A nurse pulls a needle out of his arm as Matt snaps awake the chemo room. The old man, Popescu, lays a reassuring h on his arm leans in conspiratorially close:
31) 2) dialog: What? Oh. Yeah. 24.
31) 4) dialog: I’ve had better. His eyes seem to look right into Matt - spreading a kind warmth as they do. MATT (CONT’D) Sometimes lately - It’s been hard.
31) 6) dialog: To tell which is a dream.
31) 8) dialog: Do you ever...
31) 10) dialog: I dunno, see things? Hear things. Things that... aren’t - that can’t be - there? Popescu makes a zipping gesture at his lips - and turns a invisible key and tosses it away.
31) 12) dialog: The Valley?
31) 14) dialog: What?
32) 2) text: Looks harder. Yes. Definitely. Around his size - a bit smaller - standing just the other side of the glass. The shadow moves in the other chamber to the door. Matt looks at the door. It slowly swings open. 48 49 26. Matt stares into the widening blackness - He stands up - shaky - and moves towards the door - and into the darknes For a moment we see through the glass: Two figures face each other. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 48
32) 4) dialog: In here. Then Billy sees - the open door to the other room.
33) 2) dialog: Hop on. Matt's standing behind a heavy stainless steel gurney - practically gleaming considering how old it is. MATT (CONT’D) Take you for a ride. Billy gets on. Matt pulls him roughly - so he’s flat on i Matt starts turning it around - faster and faster. As he - he sees - while spinning around - glimpses of Aickman a Jonah removing a body from a coffin. The coffin then fill not with a body, but with sandbags, and re-sealed shut. He seems oblivious to his brother who’s holding on to the gurney which Matt is turning faster and faster.
33) 6) dialog: Sorry. As their Dad steps into the bedroom and sees the open doo
35) 0) text: Wendy and Matt on a walk, approaching a foot entrance to cemetery near their house. Matt gestures, let’s go in.
35) 2) dialog: Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil. For I am the baddest mutha in the valley. They walk in past Victorian mortuary sculptures, blackene and moss covered. Walk slowly between rows of older Purit stone monuments bearing only a simple winged skull and so even older, rubbed blank by the scouring winds of time. Matt looks across the cemetery to where a small group in period attire stand around an open grave where a coffin i lowered into the ground while the minister says his last mourners toss handfuls of dirt.
35) 5) dialog: Yeah. Sure. They walk past old headstones that look ready to tip over
35) 6) dialog: You ever ask yourself, what’s the point?
35) 8) dialog: Anything. Doing anything. Being anything. You just end up here anyway. Why be alive at all? Matt makes a cynical snort that startles Wendy. Matt sudd and viciously kicks a tottering tombstone, knocking it fl He’s about to kick another one, to kick them all over if can. But Wendy grabs Matt, and holds him.
38) 6) dialog: Did you see..? But he doesn’t finish the sentence - because he can see t she didn’t - that none of them - saw what he saw. He just shakes his head sadly and allows himself to be le out of the room - and downstairs - to his room.
39) 2) dialog: I - nothing. 32.
39) 4) dialog: No. I am not seeing things. I can’t be.
39) 6) dialog: If I was seeing things - they’d stop the treatments.
39) 8) dialog: You remember that book when we were kids? With the weird pictures? We used to love that one. “The man who was not there.”
39) 10) dialog: ‘As I was walkin' up the stair/ I saw a man who wasn't there/He wasn't there again today.’
39) 12) dialog: Remember the other one?
39) 14) dialog: ‘One bright day in the middle of the night. Two dead boys got up to fight. Back to back they faced one another. Drew their swords and shot each other... 55 33. He looks over her shoulder - to the glass divider - where someone else seems to be standing looking back in - MATT (CONT’D) ‘,..A deaf policeman heard the noise. He came and killed those two dead boys.’ He seems even now to be seeing past her - to someplace, o someone not there...
39) 16) dialog: Join the club.
43) 0) text: Sara comes out of her room to go to the kitchen for a gla of water. We follow Sara down the stairs and around a cor where we see a shade lurking - - Sara rounds the corner - and gasps out loud. But it’s n ghost; just Matt standing blankly against the wall in a b t-shirt and black sweats. He seems somehow barely there.
44) 6) dialog: If you don’t then you deal with me. He extends his blackened arms like he was Frankenstein or some creature from a lagoon. The little ones giggle. Sara behind Matt, kisses him on top of the head, looking at We both of them relieved for now he’s still the old Matt.
45) 0) text: Matt covers his eyes and counts...
45) 1) dialog: 
46) 0) text: Matt finishes -
46) 1) dialog: 
47) 1) dialog: Ready or not... Sees a couple of the bedroom doors open - steps up to the doorway of the first one which is -
48) 1) dialog: ..-here I come! Inside the room, for an instant we see the wall paper un- - as Matt pushes open the room expecting to see one of hi siblings or his cousin - but instead sees: JONAH, gathering meagre belongings - stuffing them into a pillow case. Before a speechless Matt can react - Jonah walks right pa him into the hallway! Matt spins - but there is no one in the hallway - he turn back to the room - it too is empty - and the wall paper i once again faded and peeling. Matt breathes and collects himself. Shakes it off - and t to continue the game. Matt steps back into the hall and sees out of the corner his eye: someone moving down the stairs.
48) 2) dialog: Now I gotcha. He pads quietly to the stairs and looks down the railing time to see: Moving as silently as possible, trying to av every creak of wood, Jonah sneaks down the stairs - Matt hurries downstairs following him, but when he gets t - there is no one. 64 65 66 67 37.
49) 0) text: Matt peers into the parlor, through mottled glass. It’s e - Then he hears a sound behind him - like a doorknob turn he spins back to the hall - towards the front door and se Jonah at the door - his hand on the door knob - slowly turning, quietly easing the front door open... Matt’s about to cry out - when he sees a big grey hand sl the back of Jonah's neck - and another grab him by the ha It's the tall thin man, AICKMAN. Jonah twists and struggl as Aickman drags him back - right past the wide-eyed Matt Matt opens his mouth to say something - to scream but no sound comes out - as he sees the ghostly figures disappea down the basement stairs...
50) 0) text: Each of the others in their hiding places. Trying to hold their breath and not make a sound. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 66 Matt comes down the basement stairs and sees across his o room to the other chamber and, for just an instant, sees: Jonah surrounded by shrouded corpses. Then the door slams shut on its own, blocking Matt’s view... The game is forgotten now - Matt races the few steps from stairs across his bedroom to the dividing wall door - and throws it open and sees:
51) 0) text: It is not the empty room we’ve seen but the active Embalm Chamber it once was: Blood stained tools. Buckets of bloo bottles of reeking fluids. And gurneys with covered corps As he steps into the room - the door slams behind him - h spins and tries the door - but it’s locked - he can hear sounds from behind him - but is too terrified to turn aro he hears the sounds of shrouds slipping from bodies - Slowly Matt turns around - All the breath slips from his lungs, the blood drains from his face as he tries to understand what he sees: 68
52) 0) text: Matt trapped between the pressing dead - their lidless ey stare wide - their lipless mouths press at his ears - the nail-less hands paw at him -
52) 1) dialog: For God's Sake - Just as the other three run into the room - MATT (CONT’D) - leave me alone!! But they think he’s yelling at them - since there’s no on else there. Billy looks disgusted, while Mary buries her face in Wend who just shakes her head at her cousin.
53) 0) text: Matt presses the phone to his ear and nervously clutches something in his hand - Old Fr. Popescu’s card.
53) 1) dialog: I don’t know who else to talk to. 70 39. EXT. ST BENEDICT’S/OLD CHURCHYARD - LATE AFTERNOON 70 The last light of day illuminates an old Catholic church- yard. The church itself is shuttered. And weeds have grow over the small plot of graves at its edge.
53) 4) text: Matt follows the old man’s gaze - up into an impassive gr sky as if he could see her ashes swirling upward in the w POPESCU (CONT’D) Tell you a secret. There is no heaven. No hell. No separate place way up there or way down there.
53) 5) dialog: I see why they retired you.
53) 7) dialog: Here?
53) 11) dialog: What?
53) 13) dialog: Open?
53) 15) dialog: So what do I do?
56) 0) text: CREAKING of steps. The basement step door opens. MATT ste up out of the basement stairs - and into the hall. He wal eyes open but unseeing. Like a sleepwalker.
61) 0) text: At the threshold of the room - the center of the smell - stares: Matt stands like a statue in the middle of the room - a candle is burning down to only a few inches - the kitchen lit only by the candle held in the stiff hand of her son. His fist is covered in melted wax - his skin seared - but reaction. 42. Sara blows out the candle, then runs over to the stove - out the burners and turns off the oven. She throws open a the windows.
63) 0) text: She runs in carrying a bucket of water from the kitchen - throws most of it on the drapes, some still smoldering - tosses some on the candles everywhere - blows the others all this time Matt still sits unmoving - oblivious to it
64) 0) text: She runs back to the kitchen. Grabs Matt’s hand but he wo move. Nothing will rouse him. She slaps him - hard across face - Nothing. No reaction. Again. Nothing. Now with all strength she slaps him again - and he blinks - and is awa
65) 0) text: The kids are mystified. All talk at once - they have no i what happened. Sara stares at Matt. He looks back at her.
65) 2) dialog: I - I don't know. I remember lying in bed. And next thing I remember is you slapping me in the kitchen.
65) 5) dialog: No, Mom - I swear - Sara’s about to blow her stack, but when she looks at him seems so weak and vulnerable, she holds herself back. He notices her staring at him, and misinterprets it.
65) 6) dialog: I know - I look horrible - I-
67) 0) text: Matt - face blackened, hair patchy - is being helped out the minivan by Sara. Looking closer at Matt, as Sara help him to the front door, it’s more than hair he’s lost. It looks like his will to live isn’t there anymore, either.
67) 2) dialog: Sure. I’m fine. He stands at the doorway, swaying a bit. He puts his hand to grab the door frame of the house to steady himself - But instead of finding solid wall his fingers sink into r and he pulls a fist full of rancid material from the hous - he looks down in his hand at a handful of rotted meat w WHITE MAGGOTS squirming in it.
69) 2) dialog: Hey, I’m alright. I - wasn’t used to the meds. I’m fine now. She just looks at him.
69) 3) dialog: I’m not gonna burn the house down, alright?
69) 6) dialog: Why? They all look away - don’t know how to face his bitternes Sara impulsively hugs him - fiercely. Matt winces in pain
69) 8) dialog: Like the man says. Love hurts.
70) 0) text: Matt’s listening to Joy Division - Love Will Tear Us Apar Reading a music magazine. Puts it down. Too sick to read. 90 91 46. As he lowers the magazine JONAH’S FACE is inches from him Matt GASPS. He can’t move or even breathe from terror. The two faces so similar - both blackened - and gaunt - f moment it’s almost as if Matt were looking into a mirror. Only Jonah’s intense GREEN eyes distinguishes them. Within his terror Matt tries to act on Popescu’s ‘Fear No Evil.’ To muster all his courage.
70) 1) dialog: Wh-wh-what do you want from me? Suddenly there is a TREMENDOUS SOUND of thousands of piec of glass breaking. Followed by the even LOUDER SOUND of t whole house destroyed, like a bunker buster bomb hit it. Matt closes his eyes in the NOISE of the BLAST. When he o them - Jonah’s gone. Matt crawls out of bed and up the st as fast as his weak, nauseated body allows. He warily looks out from the basement stairwell - expecti to see the house in ruins. But everything is fine. Absolu normal. Matt is queasy. Out of breath. Trembling.
71) 0) text: Sara and the kids arrive home. INT. HOUSE —- SAME 91 Sara steps first into the kitchen, as the kids walk past into the living room. She drops her purse on a counter an reaches for the tea pot and a packet of tea when she’s stopped by the audible GASP of the children. She turns to see into the living room - she can only see their backs huddled together - not what they see, what th gasped at. She walks forward slowly and as they separate to let her she sees: The room’s been taken apart and rearranged - bu seemingly by a very strong, and rather obsessive, madman. Someone has gathered all the room’s wooden furniture - an piled it as if preparing a bonfire. All in a pyramid, the chairs and table balanced intricately on each other. A single breath would send it all crashing down. 92 47. They stand there - not daring to breathe for fear it will come crashing down, and then they hear it. A SCRATCHING s from the other side of the pile. They can’t see the far w of the room - blocked entirely by the pile in the middle. Sara waves the others to stay back and she carefully make her way around the pile to see what is on the other side the room making the SCRATCHING and MEWLING sounds... And then she does see - and her eyes widen - Sara's POV: Matt. Slumped against the wall. The wallpaper along the wall is shredded. The wood itself torn and frayed. And spattered with blood. Matt’s hands are a mess. His fingers ragged bloody pulps, nails literally torn from his fingers - he’s been scratch through the walls with his fingers like he was buried ali
72) 0) text: Pale and weak, Matt plays catch with Billy.
72) 2) dialog: No. I got it. He hobbles over to the ball. Bends so his head is right beside the lower window and hears a POUNDING on the windo Matt stumbles back - away from the window. Nearly falling And we see why - in the window - JONAH - blackened and op mouthed - silently screaming at Matt.
72) 4) dialog: Can’t you see him? Billy looks at his big brother - not wanting to believe h crazy or losing it. Matt turns from Billy's face back to house - and we see Matt’s POV: Jonah’s sullen, silent face looks out from the window wit eyes filled with pain. Billy searches all the windows of the house. 94 50.
72) 6) dialog: There. Face all black - and screaming - and horrible - Billy looks at his brother- it’s like Matt’s describing himself at that moment. MATT (CONT’D) Can’t you see him!?
77) 0) text: Peter’s down there playing an old electric guitar - get t sense he was in a garage band back in the day. He’s playi some heavy metal riff, or perhaps some old Allman Brother like “Midnight Rider”. He looks way too intense doing it. The reason is - next to him on a table - stands that fift vodka he found earlier in the freezer. It’s empty now, an is thoroughly shit-faced. Suddenly one of the guitar’s wire strings snaps and nearl hits him in the eye. Enraged, Peter starts to smash his guitar, the table, smash anything he can get his hands on in a rage against his fate, his son’s fate, enraged at a who could let an innocent boy suffer as Matt is suffering
79) 4) dialog: Yeah. Why don’t you ask Matt. Matt is standing in the doorway. Who knows how long. 101 102
79) 8) dialog: Outstanding. Wendy doesn’t like the look in his eyes. Or the grim tone his voice. And clearly the kids don’t either. They’re standing nervously on the verge of tears.
89) 0) text: Wendy runs in. The door slams shut behind her. Plunging t attic back to near total darkness but for the shafts of d strewn light from cracks and narrow windows. She can’t see well, has to mostly feel with her hand - sh finds Mary’s leg but not before her hand breaks through w so rotten you can see spiders and silver fish crawling in Matt comes in followed by Billy. He hurries to where his sister and cousin are.
89) 2) dialog: Rotten? Where? As he walks he tests the floor and gestures it’s all fine
89) 4) dialog: The floor’s fine everywhere except here. No sign of a leak. Weird. Why should only this spot be rotten? Matt gently pulls Mary’s leg free. He looks down at the h his sister’s foot made. And sees something down there. He reaches in - and pulls out a metal box and a sheaf of thi papers stuffed in a bulging rotting leather notebook. Wendy opens the box, glances, then immediately slams it s
89) 7) dialog: OK. Game over. He shoos the little kids out.
90) 0) text: After the kids are asleep. Matt and Wendy sit at the tabl In front of them are the cigar box and the notebook. We'v seen these before. When Aickman was inscribing the corpse In the cigar box - a mass of small photos - mourning card featuring the photo of the deceased. Many coffin shots: O people. Middle-aged people. Kids. Babies even. Lying ther satin, all peaceful and serene and dead. There’s more tha hundred of the business-card sized photos. And something else too - the box is nearly filled with wh at first appear to be dead moths.
90) 3) dialog: I don’t know. He drops the little thing back into the box. Then pulls o the memorial cards. Spreads them out in front of him -
90) 7) dialog: (bending to pick them up) Y-yeah. Sure. Wendy opens the notebook. Much is in Latin - and other stranger languages - unreadable ciphers. And drawings. Diagrams. What looks like a hand drawn plan of a house wi strange inscriptions and lines all over it - almost like electrical plan. She turns to the photos.
90) 11) dialog: Let me see. He takes one look - and Wendy notices Matt turning a whit shade of pale than usual.
90) 13) dialog: Nothing.
90) 15) dialog: You don’t want to know. 59.
90) 17) dialog: I’ve seen him.
90) 19) dialog: (tapping photo of Jonah) Him.
90) 21) dialog: (getting up) OK, forget it.
90) 23) dialog: Here. In this house. I thought I was hallucinating. But I’m telling you. I’ve seen him nearly everyday since we moved here. Sometimes I can see him in my room. And other times I wake in the night and it feels like he’s been inside me - looking out through my eyes... She just looks at Matt. MATT (CONT’D) One bright day in the middle of the night/Two dead boys got up to fight (pointing to Jonah) Me and him. Just two dead boys. The two of them stare at these photos of a by-gone era, feeling their horror in the here and now.
90) 27) dialog: How? Wendy leans in and whispers, conspiratorially:
90) 29) dialog: Thank you.
90) 31) dialog: For believing me.
91) 0) text: Wendy’s research takes her from Microfilm to the back roo of the stacks where dusty volumes of forgotten periodical and esoteric tomes hide from the mice and the silverfish. And_as Wendy begins her quest, we begin to Intercut: all she’s learning and how she’s learning it(in bold) with he sharing her discoveries with Matt in the parlor that even
94) 2) dialog: What things? 62.
94) 4) dialog: Ectoplasm? What’s that?
96) 2) dialog: So do we know what became of them?
96) 9) dialog: Jonah? Did he kill them?
96) 11) dialog: Till now.
96) 18) dialog: We've been on it a million times on the way to the hospital. Hear all this while seeing bits and pieces of the microfi 64.
96) 21) dialog: What?
97) 2) dialog: Aickman? Jonah?
97) 4) dialog: I have no idea. But I know someone who might.
99) 12) dialog: What are you doing?
99) 14) dialog: What are they?
99) 20) dialog: Why eyelids?
99) 28) dialog: Why is he still here?
100) 14) dialog: I- I’m alright.
104) 0) text: Wendy's asleep. As she tosses and turns we hear strange sounds in the darkness - as if cages were opening - and b were flying out of the cages and around the room - though the darkness we can’t see it. It sounds as if they are flapping all around her, wilder and wilder. Suddenly with a THWACK it sounds like one of the birds smashed against the window next to the bed. Wendy wakes and looks around in the darkness, heart pound She throws her arm out of the covers and lights the lamp beside her bed. This lights her bed - and stops the sound flapping wings - but the corners of the room are still da No birds sounds now. Just a low heavy rasping breathing.. And she senses: the room is not empty. Someone is there i the shadows, staring at her. WENDY (CONT’D) Matt? What are you doing? What do you want? No reply. She just sees one of the eyes in the dark, star at her. For a second it seems as if we can see the frozen mist from someone’s breath. Then a mouth opens - and a small faint croak. Barely huma Wholly unintelligible. Wendy tilts the lamp shade towards that corner of the room - - and for a second illuminates a corner where not Matt - a_horribly burned and scared Jonah crouches staring at he
104) 1) text: She leaps out of bed and turns the full room light on. Th looks around. The room is empty. No Matt. No Jonah. Just
112) 0) text: Sara leads Popescu down. Popescu stops. Moves his magnets Then carries on, into Matt’s bedroom. Matt lies weakly on bed. Popescu stares at him - no not at_him - but next to Popescu’s POV: Jonah - blackened and frightened looking - stands over Matt - threatening or protecting? We cannot t
112) 7) dialog: (weakly) He doesn’t want to leave. Matt looks bad. Paler. Less there. More like Popescu. One foot in the grave. Popescu meanwhile can’t get at the ove
116) 1) text: 134 84. He puts the battered Fender guitar - once the repository his Big Dreams - back on its stand. Sweeps broken glass and dirt into a can. And rights a fal shelf unit - replacing the old LPs and boxes of cassette tapes that he knocked to the floor. His eye catches on one of the tapes, labelled ‘Matt at Ca He pulls out the tape and slots it into a dusty cassette player and hits play. At first nothing - then the slightl distorted wavery SOUND OF HIS SON’S VOICE - from eons ago
116) 2) dialog: (12 years old on tape) ---only 5 more sleeps till Parents’ Day. I can’t wait. I have a lot to show you, Dad. You need to see how I shoot the bow and arrow. And how far I can swim. And they’re having a Father and Sons race - it’s gonna be great - I bet you and me beat all the others. (teasing) If you do your job, of course. Okay, I better go. Bye, dad. Peter lets the sound of his innocent son’s voice wash ove him - as if washing all the fear and weakness out of him. wipes tears from his eyes. INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 132B In the darkness we can see Matt’s form - but not make out details. He wakes up with a low groan. As he rises in the light we can see a bit better - he looks odd - something his face - he raised his hand - something covering his ha
116) 5) dialog: It hurts! Oh God it hurts! She flips on the light and we see: Matt is completely cov in Aickman’s inscriptions. Tiny lines of blood everywhere
116) 7) dialog: I didn’t! I didn’t!
117) 2) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Now that I’m out of the house? It’1ll be after you. The ambulance closes on Matt. He’s gone. Sara turns to We
118) 0) text: Matt zoning in and out of consciousness. Two paramedics gently peeling back the blanket to look at his skin.
123) 0) text: Mary gets to the stairs too late to see the doll - but sh can hear its bell disappearing into the darkness of what Matt’s bedroom, and is now more like the black hole of Calcutta. Or just a black hole. The cave of all nightmare Mary hesitates but only for a second - then giggles nervo and trundles down the stairs - and quickly disappears aft it into the darkness at the bottom of the stairs.
137) 0) text: Wendy looks around. Where’s the scream? Hears it again - coming from the basement. She looks to the low windows th look into Matt’s room and sees Mary standing on a table pounding on the window. 159 160 161 162
138) 0) text: Wendy runs back in and tears down the stairs to Matt’s ro INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 160 She looks around the room - no sign of Mary - then she se her on the other side of the glass - screaming. Wendy runs to the door - but it won’t open. She tries and tries and tries - Billy runs in too - drawn by the scream Wendy looks around - for something - anything - finally s grabs the little wooden chair by the table - motions Bill get back - and swings the chair with all her might at the glass window and SHATTERS it into a million pieces.
139) 0) text: Matt sits in bed. Head nodding from sedatives. His skin h cleared. No trace of the markings. But he’s in hell now, real demons. The OTHER PATIENT in his room frozen with th thousand yard stare of heavy anti-psychotic meds. Matt just covers his face with his hands. Then there’s a strange SILENCE as a shadow falls over him - he looks up. It’s JONAH, his head strangely tilted. Matt looks around. Nobody else sees him.
141) 0) text: Jonah stands now before Matt. Matt’s cell mate stares - b we can’t tell if he sees Jonah too or not. We cannot tell what Jonah intends. Matt rises woozy. The boys approach each other - closer and closer...For a mome almost a mirror effect - as the two boys stand in front o each other - once again - only Jonah’s intense GREEN EYES distinguish them - NEW ANGLE - MATT’S CELL MATE suddenly squawks, for reasons unknown.
142) 0) text: Dr Brooks and Matt’s parents arrive at Matt’s door and wh they push it open, they find only the cell mate there. He’s rocking on his bed. Mumbling to himself. We can bare make it out...
143) 0) text: For a boy who should already be dead, Matt/Jonah seems strangely strong as he runs down the road by the cemetery the surrounding trees bent over in the heavy wind. Super: 3:20 a.m. A BANGING SOUND in the night. The garage door - smashed o bangs open and closed in the increasingly heavier wind.
145) 0) text: Wendy opens the back door. She sees the garage door swing in the wind, but in front of it now stands Matt/Jonah hol an axe. She is stunned for a moment.
146) 0) text: The little kids are crying and Wendy’s pleading with Matt/Jonah - He shoves them roughly out the door -
147) 0) text: The kids beat at the door - calling to Matt. Wendy tries window. Locked.
150) 0) text: Matt/Jonah has barricaded the doors. Piling furniture and anything that can move - in front of the doors. From within we hear a pounding and ripping sound.
151) 0) text: He’s ripping at the walls with the axe. Splintering the w Breaking it apart. And as he does - we see: More corpses. Embalmed and perfectly preserved - and cove in Aickman’s engraved spells. 172 173 100. Twenty, thirty - more - they’re everywhere. Behind every - beneath every floor board. Everywhere he tears back the wall - there’s more dried - engraved corpses. The house is a living tomb - literally stuffed to the raf with all the bodies that have been stuffed in the place. Jonah/Matt’s shaking hands finally succeed in lighting th inside of the walls which begin to burn rapidly. Igniting the dry corpses around them - filled with flammable embal chemicals - the bodies blaze like man-sized Duraflame log
153) 0) text: Matt/Jonah has torn the stuffing out of all the furniture is thrusting it in with the corpses. He’s in the dark hea of the house now. His hands are weak and shaking. And he keeps convulsing a shifting between Jonah and Matt. As he mumbles to himself sometimes in one voice and sometimes in another - Behind him - the whole house seems to be shifting - chang 174
153) 7) text: They are everywhere: coming down stairs - stepping out of walls - rising from the floor - all headed for Matt/Jonah
156) 6) dialog: (weakly) I will fear no evil... She looks down and sees Matt looking back at her.
157) 0) text: As the hose blasts away the ash and char we see Matt - no Matt/Jonah - just Matt. And he looks better than we have him look so far. Eyes bright. Skin clear. He looks damn g Especially for a dead boy. It’s impossible - no burns - no wounds - and no signs of either the disease or the cure or anything he’s been thro He looks practically pink and new as the day he was born. Old Popescu sees this and falls to his knees in prayer. And as all three of them reach the lawn they are mobbed w joy by Wendy and the kids. Peter then puts his arm around his son and they hug. Then they look up at the pre-dawn sky, still full of stars.
157) 2) dialog: No. They got plenty of life left. Millions of years of life. Behind them - sections of the house collapse as the firem pour water at it. The blasts of water and wind send debris churning out int the street and into the gutters. And the water that pours down the edge of the street carries odd horrifying bits o the nightmare that reigned inside: Skulls, charred bones, fragments of drawings and photogra glowing with ash and a half burned stuffed animal, it’s button-eye still hanging by a thread, all flow down the gutter towards a storm drain sewer.