2) 0) text: Sara makes breakfast as her husband PETER, 40, walks in f the bedroom, plastering an unruly boyish cowlick which be the strain and age in his eyes. He’s off to work.
2) 1) dialog: Morning, babe. I didn’t hear you come in. When did you get home?
2) 3) dialog: I know it’s two hundred miles, but how did that take you eight hours?
2) 5) dialog: Oh, man. How is he now?
2) 7) dialog: Lemme get breakfast. You go to bed.
2) 14) dialog: It’s not good. One of these nights you’re gonna drive off the road you'll be so tired.
2) 16) dialog: And in the meantime what? Pay mortgage and a rent? Every penny we got is in the damn store. When we bought the franchise we didn’t plan-
2) 18) dialog: You know that’s not what I meant. See behind them: Matt and Wendy exchange embarrassed glan and step back - not wanting to hear them fight about Matt
2) 19) dialog: Look. You’re right. He’s gotta come first. Let’s just do it. (MORE )
2) 22) dialog: Come on weekends. Take a second mortgage on our second mortgage. Whatever it takes.
2) 24) dialog: Definitely. His eyes, though, have none of the certainty of his words
9) 0) text: Sara nearly at the end of her rope, talking to Peter.
22) 8) dialog: Hello? Anybody home?
24) 0) text: Matt and his Dad behind the rented U-Haul, which is conne to a shiny late model pickup truck - Peter’s pride and jo Peter’s pulling boxes out of the back.
24) 2) dialog: No, no —
24) 3) dialog: I can - You might - 32 33 34 15.
24) 5) dialog: That’s not what I meant. You might scratch my truck. They laugh. Peter lifts a chair onto his head and walks inside. Matt follows carrying couch cushions.
24) 10) text: INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - LATER 34 Peter finishes putting Matt’s bed together down there.
24) 11) dialog: A little dark. But hey - I was a teenager once. Cool bachelor pad.
24) 13) dialog: Trust me - the 70’s will be back. (Tries the door) What’s back here? 35 16.
24) 15) dialog: Hmm. Lock works fine. Knob turns. Just must be stuck. Step back - He really leans into it. Nope. Just won’t open.
24) 16) dialog: Maybe the owners sealed it for storage. Or the house settled and the door frame’s jammed. They’re interrupted by Sara who walks in with mop and buc
25) 0) text: Tending a barbecue grill, turns to look at Matt - who’s looking up at the just appearing stars in the night sky. Peter sees something in Matt’s face. Something vulnerable Fearful. Angry? He can’t tell. Maybe all three.
25) 1) dialog: I remember when we used to go camping. When you were little. And every night you’d fall asleep counting the stars and could never finish. Used to drive you nuts. Matt just stares at him. He’s a long way from that kid no
25) 3) dialog: Something on your mind?
32) 0) text: The children all asleep, Sara’s still awake at a table covered in bills and insurance forms. She’s on the phone talking to Peter:
33) 4) dialog: (Descending the stairs) Dammit, what is going on down here? Matt stops. Billy nearly thrown from the gurney.
33) 7) dialog: I guess I loosened it, eh? (entering the room) What the hell... About three feet from the floor, along all four walls run a continuous shelf about three feet in width. In a corner there’s a dull porcelain embalming TABLE. Pile of old yellowed TOE TAGS next to a dusty glass EMBALMING PUMP. Creepy old EMBALMING TOOLS, trochars, big metal syringes scattered on the shelf. Old rust-stained PORCELAIN SINKS. Then the clincher: an old bottle labelled formaldehyde. PETER (0.S.) (CONT’D) Well now we know why the rent was so cheap. The question is -
34) 0) text: Peter bears down on Sara, who’s trying to avoid facing hi
34) 1) dialog: - what did you know and when the hell did you know it? Jesus!
34) 3) dialog: What this place was. Aren’t you the one who says we can’t live on lies?
34) 5) dialog: Right. But I’m not now. Thanks to you. And the children. And that’s not how we work. Right?
36) 2) dialog: Okay, so, everyone knows now this used to be a funeral home. Big deal. It’s not anymore, and hasn’t been for years and years. It’s just a house. Bricks, nails, wood. And it’s our house for the rest of the summer. Until Matt’s finished at the hospital. We’re all under pressure and we all have to pull together, like a team. Okay? He holds out his hands - and they all join hands. And the INSTANT they do - it’s as if they have formed some kind o electrical circuit and_a_ strange current JOLTS Matt -
36) 3) dialog: Who wants to say grace? Matt? They all look at Matt. Who is staring behind them - beyon them - as if there were others in the room.
38) 1) dialog: Matt! Angle on Matt who looks up in mirror and sees not himself Jonah staring back at him.
38) 2) dialog: Matt! Matt suddenly focuses on them. And sees that of course th don’t see what he sees. He giggles. Weirdly. It’s that or scream at the top of his lungs.
38) 3) dialog: What's wrong with you? Matt can’t stop laughing. He’s hysterical. Mary starts to - and Billy staring at his brother on the verge of it -
38) 4) dialog: (fiercer) Matt -
40) 0) text: Sara holds Peter beside his truck.
40) 1) dialog: Before he got sick, we were already in over our heads. Now we're headin’ for the bottom of the pool. I’m just sorry you have to work. We moved out here so you wouldn’t have to be gone all the time.
40) 3) dialog: We gotta get through the summer. Then Matt’1l be fine. And business will pick up before Christmas.
40) 5) dialog: If I’m not there to open in the morning and if we don’t meet the minimum days open we might as well - She stops him with a kiss.
40) 7) dialog: Of me? For what?
42) 0) text: Peter drives by a road house. Then stops and pulls over. Turns around. And pulls in. He sits in the car in front o the bar. Looks up at the Rolling Rock Beer sign flashing and off. His hand reaches for the door - then stops. Inst he starts the truck again and pulls back out into the roa Promises.
66) 0) text: Peter’s in the basement at a makeshift office - table cov in invoices, bills, and threatening collection notices. A pages of inventory and other work papers.
66) 1) dialog: You sure you're not...exaggerating?
66) 3) dialog: What do you want from me!? I can’t be in two places at once! 84a 86
66) 6) dialog: Do you want me to talk to him? INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 84A
71) 9) dialog: Attitude? He feels like shit all the time. He looks like hell. No one wants to get near him. His own family are afraid of him. How’s he gonna have the power of positive thinking on his side?
71) 11) dialog: That’s it? Just more prescriptions? What’s the point?
71) 13) dialog: And if it doesn’t?
71) 17) dialog: He means committing him.
73) 0) text: Finished with Dr Brooks, Sara and Peter exit together. Bu silent. Lost in their own thoughts and fears. They pause at the hospital parking lot - separate vehicle He’s not by his truck - but a small banged up little car. 95 96
73) 5) dialog: I sold it.
73) 7) dialog: I just did. Paid the last round of bills and this month’s mortgage. But hey like Doc said, Attitude! She watches him go. Not at all sure about his ‘attitude’. Or hers for that matter. INT. SARA’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT 95 Breathes, to pull herself together. She picks up a book f her bedside table, of uplifting affirmations. She reads t one by one - out loud - as she does - we cut back and for between her - and Peter back in New York.
74) 0) text: Peter has his head in hands at the table. Beaten.
75) 0) text: Peter opens the freezer door. It’s filled with frozen dinners, leftovers, and ice - he shoves his hand into the pile of ice. To cool the burn. Then shoves things out of the way - digging through the i till he finds - a frozen bottle of vodka. He stares at it While we hear still hear Sara’s voice - and her affirmati
76) 0) text: There’s a light on in the basement, though all the other houses around it are dark, everyone on the block is aslee Except for Peter. Before we see him, we can hear him.
77) 0) text: Peter’s down there playing an old electric guitar - get t sense he was in a garage band back in the day. He’s playi some heavy metal riff, or perhaps some old Allman Brother like “Midnight Rider”. He looks way too intense doing it. The reason is - next to him on a table - stands that fift vodka he found earlier in the freezer. It’s empty now, an is thoroughly shit-faced. Suddenly one of the guitar’s wire strings snaps and nearl hits him in the eye. Enraged, Peter starts to smash his guitar, the table, smash anything he can get his hands on in a rage against his fate, his son’s fate, enraged at a who could let an innocent boy suffer as Matt is suffering
102) 0) text: A moonless night. The house a dark shadow in a sea of dee darkness. With one light still shining - from Mary’s room SUPER: August 22nd. Two nights later. 1:00 A.M. 116 117 73. Now we float back towards the house - but not to Mary’s n continuously lit window but to the dark window of... INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 116 Where Sara’s asleep. She shifts in her sleep. Perhaps distantly aware of the strange sound in her bedroom: FOOTSTEPS. Pacing. Back and forth in front of the bed. Sara’s eyes snap awake. She hears the FOOTSTEPS. She rais her head - can’t see anything in the room. But can distin hear FOOTSTEPS in the room. Marching back and forth in fr of her bed.
105) 0) text: Lights on now from the basement to the upper floor. Again the big dark sky the house seems like a doll house. Transparent and vulnerable - visible to the invisible. Super: August 23rd 1:30 a.m. Hear, then we see, Peter’s car creeping slowly, overly cautiously down the street, the way some drunks drive. 120 75. The car has trouble finding the curb. And given his mumbl and awkward door closing - we can smell the alcohol on hi He looks up at the house all lit up. Checks his watch.
105) 1) dialog: Now I see why I hadda sell my Goddamn truck.
106) 0) text: Peter comes into the house - masks his drunken clumsiness beneath belligerence which only makes him seem drunker. He storms down and back up the stairs. See that each of t kids is sleeping with the light on. He stands on the land of the stairs and yells:
106) 1) dialog: Every body in this Goddamn house is sleeping with the light on. And I want to know why. They all peep from their rooms. And look at each other. B even more at the frightening spectacle of their drunk and rageful father and husband.
106) 2) dialog: Why do you all keep the lights on? They all look at each other - who’s gonna say something?
106) 3) dialog: I don’t care what little games you all are playing - He grabs a footstool - and goes room to room - with a handkerchief around his hand - unscrewing the light bulbs ignoring everyone’s pleas for him to stop.
106) 4) dialog: There! Peter even grabs the night lights from the little one’s b Mary is trembling and crying - Billy’s sniffling and just scared. Sara seems speechless with rage.
106) 5) dialog: You’re all too old to be sleeping with night lights. Peter storms out. We hear him outside: SMASHING the bulbs the trash cans. Sara storms out after him. 121 76. Wendy comforts the younger children. The house is now tru dark - without a light bulb left in the bedrooms. She loo out a window and sees Sara confronting Peter outside - Sh turns the kids away and leads them upstairs.
107) 0) text: Peter tosses the last of the bulbs in the garbage can.
107) 2) dialog: Yeah, what scares me is trying to pay for two sets of bills every month.
107) 4) dialog: What?
107) 6) dialog: What?
108) 0) text: All the lights are off. For the first time in many nights And we see why: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 123
114) 0) text: Popescu bows his head and murmurs a prayer for the dead i Latin. As he does the elevator POUNDS TWICE AS LOUD, like was angrily and malevolently alive. Starting to tremble, Popescu reaches behind him for his b bag. And from within it pulls out a white silk prayer sha Wiping his brow with the back of his shaking hand Popescu gently sweeps Jonah’s last remains and folds them into th silk. He murmurs a last prayer and as he does - the eleva suddenly stops. The shaking and pounding noises stop. The whole house is suddenly still and quiet. Popescu has won the battle, but looks as though he won’t live though the night, he is spe INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 129C Deafening silence. Wendy and the little ones on the bed. Cautiously take their fingers from their ears - and adjus the quiet. She looks around. Takes a breath. The place undeniably feels different.
116) 0) text: Home from work, a chagrined Peter cleans up the mess he m the night when he was drunk down here and playing the gui
117) 4) dialog: Oh God Sara - I’m so sorry. If only I’d been here - Looking at him closely, Sara can tell Peter is sober and resolved. That he made his choice. 137 138 139 140 86.
119) 0) text: Wendy runs into the kitchen - but as she enters is hit by wall of smell. She gags. Something horribly rotten - she glances round the kitchen and sees: The flowers which a little while ago were bright are now dead. The fruit bowl - at first looks fine - but literall before her eyes the fruit decays into a festering pulp. She opens the refrigerator. The light is off. It’s not co Everything inside’s covered in mold. She slams the door. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 140 Mary whispers with her doll. We hear only bits of it. 141
120) 1) text: A stuffed animal with a tiny bell round its neck - The really worn and almost shapeless one with the shoe button hanging by a string. Did it just move? Or was that just t wind? INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 140B Billy absorbed in his Krystal Ball. Staring into the litt window at the purple waters inside - seeking answers to whispered questions. Mary looks up from her doll at the d way - in time to see: That worn old stuffed animal sits on the floor in front o the door. She looks back down at her doll then hears the tinkling bell. When she looks up, the stuffed animal is g Mary gets up and goes to the door and looks down the hall There’s the little thing standing at the top of the stair facing her - as if looking right at Mary whose eyes widen what seems to her wonderful magic. Mary runs down the hall after it. Billy pays no attention too absorbed in his oracle.
124) 0) text: Wendy pulls the rotted food out of the fridge and shelves But it seems never ending. A first glance shows a normal of bread so she turns to the rotted tomatoes beside it. B when she looks back at the bread it is now green with mol She nearly gags as she stuff the last of the reeking rott food into two bulging garbage bags. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 146 Billy’s alone nervously playing with the Krystal Ball. He clutching it fiercely. Eyes shut -
140) 0) text: The Campbells look worried - but for the first time in a while they seem together. Peter’s holding her hand. 95.
140) 2) dialog: There must be something else, some other treatment -
141) 7) dialog: How long do you think he has?
149) 0) text: She seems lost. Empty. The lowest we’ve seen her. Peter’s turned a corner though. He takes her by the shoulders -
149) 1) dialog: We'll find him.
149) 3) dialog: We'll face that then. If nothing else let him die in our arms, instead of in a hospital bed. We'll find him. And bring him home.
152) 0) text: A police car pulls up as thick smoke pours off of the hou making it hard to see how much is burning. Then Peter and Sara pull up. He runs out and tries to mak for the house. A cop puts a restraining arm on him -
152) 3) dialog: Where’s Matt?
155) 4) dialog: My Son’s in there for God's sake - let me go! For just an instant before he’s taken down he and Sara lo eyes - He struggles harder - bringing more cops to wrestl him to the ground - Which allows Sara to make a dash for house.... 103. Sara runs straight at and into the house - past startled firemen and cops too slow to stop a determined mother as very ceiling begins to collapse.
157) 0) text: As the hose blasts away the ash and char we see Matt - no Matt/Jonah - just Matt. And he looks better than we have him look so far. Eyes bright. Skin clear. He looks damn g Especially for a dead boy. It’s impossible - no burns - no wounds - and no signs of either the disease or the cure or anything he’s been thro He looks practically pink and new as the day he was born. Old Popescu sees this and falls to his knees in prayer. And as all three of them reach the lawn they are mobbed w joy by Wendy and the kids. Peter then puts his arm around his son and they hug. Then they look up at the pre-dawn sky, still full of stars.
157) 1) dialog: They don’t look dead to me.