1) 0) text: The dim light and anonymously silhouetted angle of a documentary interview. We can barely see the woman we wil come to know as SARA CAMPBELL.
1) 1) dialog: That’s the real question, right? Why us? That’s what everybody wants to know. Some pity us. Others seem to think I wanted all this - She sweeps her hand over the table in front of her - rev spread of tabloids and magazines with lurid headlines: ‘Haunting in Connecticut!’ ‘Trapped in the House of the Dead!’ ‘The REAL Hell House’ etc.
1) 2) dialog: God knows why - attention I suppose. Are they kidding? Truth is, I don’t know why it happened to us. We’re just regular people, like any other family. Not especially good enough to be worth testing the way the Lord tested Job. Or wicked enough to deserve what happened. Nobody deserves that. She falls into silence. Then - hearing an off-mike questi
1) 3) dialog: A silver lining? I guess...I guess it did make me more certain that Heaven exists. (straight into camera) It must - right? I mean - maybe that’s the one good thing... about glimpsing Hell...
1) 14) dialog: Please God. Let it work. Please. Matt suddenly sits up behind her.
1) 16) dialog: I wasn’t talking to myself. I was talking to God.
1) 18) dialog: I thanked him for giving me you.
1) 20) dialog: Very funny.
1) 22) dialog: Feel better? He nods. She knows he’s lying as she starts the car movin
2) 0) text: Sara makes breakfast as her husband PETER, 40, walks in f the bedroom, plastering an unruly boyish cowlick which be the strain and age in his eyes. He’s off to work.
2) 2) dialog: About 4.
2) 4) dialog: Do you really want to know how many times we stopped so he could vomit?
2) 6) dialog: He’s okay now. He’s asleep.
2) 8) dialog: No it’s alright - I’m still wired from driving - and Wendy’s helping. WENDY - Sara's 17 year old niece - enters trailing the RAUCOUS SOUNDS OF KIDS behind her.
2) 11) dialog: My sister loves your daddy - they just have funny ways of showing it.
2) 13) dialog: Take these pancakes in to the hungry hordes. Wendy exits. And through the open door we catch a quick glimpse of two younger kids at the table. And a bleary an pale faced Matt stumbling out of a bedroom.
2) 15) dialog: I wish we could just move there. Just for the summer, until - Behind them we see Matt and Wendy opening the kitchen doo
2) 17) dialog: Nobody plans to have a child get cancer.
2) 21) dialog: You mean it? What’1l you do? How will we afford it?
2) 23) dialog: We’re gonna make it through this, right?
4) 0) text: Sara with the Oncologist, DR. Brooks.
4) 2) dialog: He vomited twice more this morning. That’s doing great?
4) 4) dialog: That’s what I’m afraid of.
4) 5) text: Tight shots of Matt’s treatment with Sara’s house search: 10
4) 8) dialog: They’re all too small, too pricey or have roaches as big as rats. Matt strapped down on a tilted gurney beneath a forbiddin piece of equipment covered with radioactive warning signs
4) 9) dialog: - But I’m not giving up.
5) 0) text: After more scratched off lists, Sara is near tears. She l out the window and sees it’s the cemetery she’s passing. turns away and rams her foot down on the gas as if she co out run the grim reaper - or at least her tears. Gloved hands place a fitted mask to hold Matt’s head in 9 position. Metal rods and leather straps keep his body immobilized. With a mechanical WHIR the radiation commenc
7) 0) text: Sara pulls up and rolls down the window. Squinting into t setting sun she sees a squamous purple Victorian house.
7) 1) dialog: I don’t want to waste your time. What are you asking? The man turns around - AZIZ SINGH, realtor. Warm, persuas
8) 0) text: Singh guides Sara past the time-faded wallpaper and chipp paint of a once elegant old interior.
8) 2) dialog: And you don’t mind children?
8) 4) dialog: It’s everything we need. And then some. It’s beautiful, spacious, affordable. I mean, it’s too good to be true. So what’s the catch? Matt seems to be hanging upside down - as hot lava flows his veins - he slowly rotates - But in fact he is not mov
9) 0) text: Sara nearly at the end of her rope, talking to Peter.
9) 1) dialog: I saw one that was almost perfect but...it just wasn’t quite right. 14 INT. SARA’S CAR - A BEAT LATER 14 Driving home. She looks at Matt in the rear view mirror.
9) 2) dialog: They say you might have some body ache - but no nausea.
10) 0) text: Mr. Singh stands out front with Sara, near her car. We se he’s brought a big mattress, two sleeping bags, a portabl and even some take-away food. Both of them helping a frail Matt out of the back seat of the car, one putting a blanket around his shoulders.
10) 1) dialog: I don’t know how to thank you. He leans in to her - out of Matt’s hearing.
11) 0) text: Two sleeping bags lie on the mattress beside the table. 17 18 10. Matt, half asleep, watches TV. Behind him we see Sara on phone.
11) 1) dialog: I made a decision. You weren’t there. She pulls the phone into the next room - so Matt can’t he As Matt nods off we MOVE IN on the TV screen. In reflecti we can see Matt in front of it- but also - something else Someone standing behind him. Or is it just the flickering ghosts of bad TV reception? Sara steps into the next room - so Matt doesn’t hear.
11) 2) dialog: You didn’t have to hear him groaning, Peter. I just couldn’t take it.
12) 0) text: Looking down on Sara and Matt. Each in their own sleeping bag. But lying close. The dark room seems filled with muf voices. The walls seem to whisper like faint swarms of be A close POV of the sleeping mother and son - as of someon standing right over them... Matt stirs, looks up uneasily at the spot where a second it seemed someone was standing observing them. Nothing th Matt slips out of bed as quietly as he can. He starts int the nearest bathroom - but realizes the sound will wake h so he goes looking for another one upstairs.
15) 2) dialog: Honey? You alright?
16) 1) dialog: Pick of the house for any bedroom you want: if you drink this. Deal? Matt tries his best to get some of the protein shake down
18) 0) text: Matt steps into the first room. Faded Victorian wall pape covered with an intricate pattern of caged song birds. Th feeling is utterly lonely, and a place out of time. INT. DOWNSTAIRS PARLOR —- CONTINUOUS 25 Sara’s in the front parlor, damp dusting down the room an cabinets. She pulls at old built-in wooden cabinets benea the windows. They’re stuck shut from years of warping and dust. She pulls harder - and the wooden door opens, revea a cabinet filled with small frames stacked on their sides She pulls one out - then another - they’re old framed pho from the teens or twenties by the dress of the people - w recognize the photos - we saw them in the credit sequence - Twin boys sit one each on Mother and Father’s lap. The children seem stiff and awkward as dolls. - an old man in a bed - surrounded by family who all star into the camera - only his eyes are closed. - a mother and new born infant lie together as if sleepin - a family - Mother, Father, Three children. All sit froz before a painted backdrop of clouds as if seated in Heave Suddenly Sara recognizes what they are - DEAD PEOPLE. The looks around her and recognizes the room she’s standing i is the same as the room in which the photos were taken -s can make out the faded painted over clouds of the heavenl backdrop still visible beneath the fading paint on the wa and drops the photos on the floor, breaking the glass. 26 27 28 29 13.
19) 0) text: Sara bends over the large garbage cans out back dumping t photos into the garbage cans. Looking around back at the house to make sure Matt hasn’t seen her.
21) 0) text: Stepping into the kitchen Sara hears the grinding elevato
21) 1) dialog: Matt? She walks to the stairs and peers up to the hallway.
21) 2) dialog: Matt? Did you pick a room?
22) 0) text: Sara finds Matt in the middle of the basement.
22) 2) dialog: What do you mean, it picked you?
22) 4) dialog: So, which room? (Matt gestures, this room) Down here? 30 31 14.
22) 6) dialog: You don’t need to hide from us.
24) 7) dialog: Now I think this room would be a perfect girl’s room. INT. BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 33 The room with the caged birds on the wall.
24) 9) dialog: Good light. Nice wall paper. And a big mirror. They both laugh, and as she closes the closet door with t mirror on it we see SUPER-BRIEF FLASH: A young man - wear very old fashioned clothes - stands staring sullenly at t
24) 17) dialog: If you’re gonna live down here - I need to give it a good wash. You know your immune system is weak. I don’t like all this dust. Out, out! Matt and Peter know better than to argue so they leave. INT. THE BASEMENT —- SOME TIME LATER 35 Sara mops the floor of the room. As she moves backwards, glass wall is behind her. Matt comes down stairs - sees his Mom still cleaning and smiles and shakes his head - but then he sees: Behind her it seems he sees two figures back there. One a tall thin man. The other, a boy - about Matt's age. The s sullen boy we glimpsed in the mirror upstairs. They are b over tables. Working. Matt says nothing but takes a step closer and for a secon
24) 20) dialog: Honey? You feeling alright? 36 17. Matt looks up - the morticians are gone. He looks down at floor and sees a horrific red mess of congealing blood al around her mop. Noticing nothing Sara lifts the mop back into the water - squeezes it out - clear water pours out. Matt blinks and it’s all normal. But when she puts the mop back down on t floor: again the water turns a thick coagulated red.
24) 22) dialog: What now? He looks at the dripping mop - no blood, just water. All normal. And behind the window no figures leaning over cadavers. The floor is spotless.
25) 4) dialog: Of course there’s something on my mind. There’s always something on my mind. The same as always. INT. MARY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 37 Mary and Wendy are kneeling by the bed -
29) 0) text: Sara’s making breakfast. Matt’s there too, taking plates a cupboard and putting them on the counter. Then he gets silverware and carries it back to the dining room. As he starts to set the knives and forks around the table hears, faint but distinctly, VOICES. He can’t tell at fir 21. From the walls? The ceiling? Or is it the floor? Or all o them? He turns around, no one’s there. Shaking it out of his mind, Matt walks back to the kitche only to find the plates he set out on the counter are gon and they’re back in the cupboard where he got them. Sara at the stove, tending to the eggs and pancakes.
29) 2) dialog: What?
29) 4) dialog: I didn’t touch them, sweetie. Are you okay? Matt nods, then steps back to the cupboard. CRASH! He spi the plates are on the floor, broken. Sara hurries over. S also notes for the first time his hand - it looks burned.
29) 5) dialog: I’m sorry honey. That was stupid of me. The dishes were too heavy for-
29) 7) dialog: Then how -
29) 9) dialog: Dr. Brooks said to tell him if you were seeing things. He said -
29) 11) dialog: But if you’re -
29) 13) dialog: Well, alright. But you tell me if anything like that happens again. Promise?
29) 15) dialog: That’s alright sweetie. Your Grandmother used to kiss me when I broke a plate or a glass. Said it meant something worse won’t happen. INT. DR. BROOKS’S OFFICE - DAY 44 With Sara and Matt there, the Doctor, wearing latex glove gingerly probes the peeling skin on Matt’s hand.
29) 21) dialog: No, no. Sorry I was just distracted. He’s fine, I guess. Considering. Matt nods in agreement.
32) 0) text: The children all asleep, Sara’s still awake at a table covered in bills and insurance forms. She’s on the phone talking to Peter:
32) 1) dialog: Right, this was gonna be free. Sixty bucks for five pills... No, that they’1ll cover. But not the follow-ups... The blue one for the nausea? Yes. But the pink one that stops him feeling restless because of the blue one?... I tried, Peter. I was on hold for an hour! INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT 47 Matt lies in bed. Tossing. Groaning. He wakes, raises his head and searches the room - nothing - or... This is so l one of his dreams. Is he asleep? He looks down at his arm and pinches himself - hard. Awake, he sits up and looks a the glass wall across the room. Is there a shape in there
34) 0) text: Peter bears down on Sara, who’s trying to avoid facing hi
34) 2) dialog: (reacts to his anger) Know what?
34) 4) dialog: Yeah. But that was because you were a drunk. And a liar. 28. He’d like to return fire but Peter calms himself, accepts
34) 6) dialog: I know. I’m sorry. I should have told you. I just - we needed some place. And it just seemed perfect. Like a gift from God.
36) 4) dialog: Matt, you alright? He’s not alright. He’s not even there any more...
38) 5) dialog: Peter. Please. It’s the medicine. Wendy gently steps over to Matt.
40) 0) text: Sara holds Peter beside his truck.
40) 2) dialog: It’s easier than driving him was. And besides. We need the money.
40) 4) dialog: Do you have to go back tonight?
40) 6) dialog: I know. I’m proud of you. 56 57 58 59 34.
40) 8) dialog: For working so hard. And for keeping your promises. All of them.
43) 0) text: Sara comes out of her room to go to the kitchen for a gla of water. We follow Sara down the stairs and around a cor where we see a shade lurking - - Sara rounds the corner - and gasps out loud. But it’s n ghost; just Matt standing blankly against the wall in a b t-shirt and black sweats. He seems somehow barely there.
43) 1) dialog: What are you doing? He doesn’t respond. She sees he’s out of it, and just lea him back to his room.
43) 2) dialog: Come on, back to bed...
44) 5) dialog: Okay, cut it out. I gotta go to work. You have my number. Wendy’s in charge, so you listen to her!
55) 0) text: Sara sits behind a glass window at the cash register. Suddenly A DEMON presses its face against the glass. Sara SHRIEKS. It’s not a demon but A GUY guy on PCP. Sara shri back as SECURITY appears and ushers the man out of the st 74 75 76 77 78 79 41.
57) 0) text: Sara finished the 5 to 1 shift, and is just now driving h
58) 0) text: The house - strangely lit from within by weirdly flickeri light - looks like a lunatic’s grimacing face as Sara pul up the drive and slumps exhausted at the wheel.
60) 0) text: And then she sees why - a roaring fire in the fireplace o this hot summer night. That’s not all. Every candle in the house has been found, lit - including many along the walls, and dangerously clo to the drapes; some of the drapes are already burning. And the paint on one wall has begun to blacken and peel beneath the combined heat of all the candles lined up the Sara quickly bats the fire out of the drapes. And then sh smells it. Gas. She follows the smell - to
61) 0) text: At the threshold of the room - the center of the smell - stares: Matt stands like a statue in the middle of the room - a candle is burning down to only a few inches - the kitchen lit only by the candle held in the stiff hand of her son. His fist is covered in melted wax - his skin seared - but reaction. 42. Sara blows out the candle, then runs over to the stove - out the burners and turns off the oven. She throws open a the windows.
61) 1) dialog: Matt! Matt!? What’s going on in here? But no response from Matt.
62) 1) dialog: Get the kids - outside - now - NOW!
65) 0) text: The kids are mystified. All talk at once - they have no i what happened. Sara stares at Matt. He looks back at her.
65) 1) dialog: What were you doing?
65) 3) dialog: You kids go back to bed. Wendy... Wendy herds the kids inside. Sara remains looking at Matt 84 85 43.
65) 4) dialog: You could have killed them all. And yourself. Is that what you’re trying to do? Kill yourself?
65) 7) dialog: No! It’s not that. I could never care how you look. You’re my son, I love you. It’s how you’re acting. All this skulking around - scaring the others... Talk to me Mattie. Tell me what’s going on. He just shakes his head - like she could never understand And walks alone back into the house. INT. SARA’S BEDROOM - LATER - ON THE PHONE WITH PETER 84 She’s fragile, exhausted and on the verge of a fight.
65) 8) dialog: He could have burned the house down.
66) 2) dialog: You didn’t see it, you weren't here. As usual.
66) 5) dialog: (apologetic) I know. It’s just. Hard.
66) 7) dialog: No. No. It’s okay. I better go. This is expensive. She hangs up the phone and sits there - feeling completel alone. She opens the small drawer of the bedside table an pulls out some rosary beads. She begins to pray...
66) 8) dialog: Our Father, who art in Heaven... But she stops. Unable to continue the prayer. She closes eyes to concentrate. But then just shakes her head, stick the rosary back into the drawer. And turns out the light.
67) 0) text: Matt - face blackened, hair patchy - is being helped out the minivan by Sara. Looking closer at Matt, as Sara help him to the front door, it’s more than hair he’s lost. It looks like his will to live isn’t there anymore, either.
67) 1) dialog: Can you just stand here a minute babe? I left my purse in the car.
67) 3) dialog: Matt? 87 88 89 45. He looks back at his mother, then down at his hand. It is empty. The only thing is the blackening and peeling of hi own skin. He looks at the house. Everything looks fine.
69) 1) dialog: I wish you’d go with us.
69) 4) dialog: I know that, honey.
69) 7) dialog: Sorry. I just love you so much.
71) 0) text: Sara and the kids arrive home. INT. HOUSE —- SAME 91 Sara steps first into the kitchen, as the kids walk past into the living room. She drops her purse on a counter an reaches for the tea pot and a packet of tea when she’s stopped by the audible GASP of the children. She turns to see into the living room - she can only see their backs huddled together - not what they see, what th gasped at. She walks forward slowly and as they separate to let her she sees: The room’s been taken apart and rearranged - bu seemingly by a very strong, and rather obsessive, madman. Someone has gathered all the room’s wooden furniture - an piled it as if preparing a bonfire. All in a pyramid, the chairs and table balanced intricately on each other. A single breath would send it all crashing down. 92 47. They stand there - not daring to breathe for fear it will come crashing down, and then they hear it. A SCRATCHING s from the other side of the pile. They can’t see the far w of the room - blocked entirely by the pile in the middle. Sara waves the others to stay back and she carefully make her way around the pile to see what is on the other side the room making the SCRATCHING and MEWLING sounds... And then she does see - and her eyes widen - Sara's POV: Matt. Slumped against the wall. The wallpaper along the wall is shredded. The wood itself torn and frayed. And spattered with blood. Matt’s hands are a mess. His fingers ragged bloody pulps, nails literally torn from his fingers - he’s been scratch through the walls with his fingers like he was buried ali
71) 5) dialog: I’m afraid he’1l lose his mind before he can get better. He can see the worry in their weary eyes.
71) 7) dialog: So what do we do now?
71) 16) dialog: “Residential care?”
71) 18) dialog: It’s bad enough he’s so sick - you're suggesting we put him away?
73) 0) text: Finished with Dr Brooks, Sara and Peter exit together. Bu silent. Lost in their own thoughts and fears. They pause at the hospital parking lot - separate vehicle He’s not by his truck - but a small banged up little car. 95 96
73) 4) dialog: Where’s the truck, in the shop?
73) 6) dialog: You what? Why didn’t you tell me?
73) 8) dialog: “I now put my body into a peak state of absolute certainty knowing that I can create any positive result that I am committed to.”
74) 2) dialog: “Whenever I set a definite goal, I take immediate action towards its attainment to create and sustain massive momentum.”
74) 4) dialog: “I now relive the most joyous moments of my life. “”
74) 6) dialog: “And these moments inspire me to greater confidence and a greater feeling of self-worth.” Suddenly - the old slide mechanism catches on dust. The s sticks half in and out throwing the image at a disturbing angle. Peter tries to grab the slide and burns his hand trying to get it out and in frustration knocks the projec onto the floor where it lies still throwing a now sideway image of old family happiness against the wall.
75) 0) text: Peter opens the freezer door. It’s filled with frozen dinners, leftovers, and ice - he shoves his hand into the pile of ice. To cool the burn. Then shoves things out of the way - digging through the i till he finds - a frozen bottle of vodka. He stares at it While we hear still hear Sara’s voice - and her affirmati
75) 1) dialog: “I am now fearless, courageous, and bold. Filled with faith, certainty and confidence. I now create and feel these emotions in my body.” 98
100) 5) dialog: What is going on here?! 70. Sara - home from work - has walked right into this odd sc
100) 6) dialog: What happened to Matt? Who are you? What are you doing in my house? Popescu checks Matt’s pulse and temperature.
100) 8) dialog: Are you a doctor?
100) 10) dialog: A priest?
100) 13) dialog: What are you doing here this time of night? What happened to Matt? Sara leans over Matt, as he comes to, waving her away.
100) 16) dialog: Try.
100) 20) dialog: He is not -
100) 22) dialog: I have no idea what you're talking about. I appreciate your trying to help my son but I think it’s best if we leave that to the doctors.
100) 24) dialog: I’m sure we won’t need your help. And if I do - I’1l call Doctor Brooks.
101) 0) text: As Sara is coming up the stairs, Mary comes running out o her room - SCREAMING. She runs like a straight into Sara - nearly knocking her down. Sara quiets Mary down. 115 72.
101) 1) dialog: It was just a bad dream, honey. That’s all it was.
101) 3) dialog: Who?
101) 5) dialog: Just a monster in your dream.
101) 7) dialog: There’s no one here. It was just a bad dream. Sara tucks her into bed and reaches for the light.
101) 9) dialog: Alright. If you’re a good girl and go back to sleep. She shuts the door and doesn’t hear Mary muttering.
102) 0) text: A moonless night. The house a dark shadow in a sea of dee darkness. With one light still shining - from Mary’s room SUPER: August 22nd. Two nights later. 1:00 A.M. 116 117 73. Now we float back towards the house - but not to Mary’s n continuously lit window but to the dark window of... INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 116 Where Sara’s asleep. She shifts in her sleep. Perhaps distantly aware of the strange sound in her bedroom: FOOTSTEPS. Pacing. Back and forth in front of the bed. Sara’s eyes snap awake. She hears the FOOTSTEPS. She rais her head - can’t see anything in the room. But can distin hear FOOTSTEPS in the room. Marching back and forth in fr of her bed.
102) 1) dialog: Peter? No reply. But suddenly the footsteps stop - right next to where she’s lying.
102) 2) dialog: Matt? She reaches out a hand slowly - to light the bedside lamp and when she does for a flash it illuminates neither her husband nor her son but: The same inscribed ghost who was in Mary’s room. His hide face just an inch from her face as it whispers in a foul hissing voice:
107) 1) dialog: That was a cruel and childish thing to do. All you’ve done is scare everyone in this house.
107) 3) dialog: Stop it. This isn’t about any of that anymore. That’s it.
107) 5) dialog: That was it right there.
107) 7) dialog: Your second chance. You asked a long time ago - for a second chance. And I said, if you ever came home drunk and violent and scaring or hurting me or the children again, that was it. I should’ve known then. How weak you are. That you’d fold at the worst possible time. He opens his mouth as if to begin to defend or explain.
107) 8) dialog: Don’t. This is it, Peter. This is where you step up to the plate. Or you don’t. And you didn’t. Now I will not let you hurt this family. Not again. Is that clear? 122 123 124 125 77. Peter slams the door of his little car. His big frame alm too big to fit in it. Starts it up. And pulls out. Sara, sad as she is angry, watches Peter pull out of the drivew headed home. With no idea if he’s coming back.
108) 0) text: All the lights are off. For the first time in many nights And we see why: INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 123
108) 3) dialog: What in the name of God... Wendy comes out of her room. Matt weakly walks up the sta They all end up huddled with Sara on her bed - as the lig go on and off. They all come together. Then all the light out. Total blackness. And silence.
109) 0) text: Sara’s alone on the phone. She looks as if she hasn’t sle She hasn’t. None of them have. She’s on hold - 78.
109) 2) dialog: No - no - it’s- nothing. Thanks. She puts down the phone and just stares. Lost. Who can sh call? Who would believe? Or have any idea? She grabs her wallet and looks hurriedly through it- whatever she’s loo for isn’t there. She tries the purse. Nope. Then she step int the hallway where her coat is hanging and reaches int the pocket and pulls out a card. Fr. Popescu’s card that he gave her the night he was ther
110) 0) text: An old car parks in front. Out steps the rather tiny old Super: August 24th 9:00 PM. From the front window, Sara watches Popescu come up the w way. As he walks up the path he’s dwarfed by the dark old house. He stops on the threshold and visibly shudders. From Sara's POV he looks tiny. Even smaller than last tim she saw him. She can't help but wonder - this is the man who’s going to save them? She opens the door for him.
110) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry. I didn’t know who else to call. Are you sure you’re feeling up to this?
111) 1) dialog: You’re not actually a priest anymore. Are you? 79.
111) 3) dialog: What is that?
111) 5) dialog: What are you looking for?
111) 7) dialog: Matt's bedroom. Where they used to - 80.
112) 0) text: Sara leads Popescu down. Popescu stops. Moves his magnets Then carries on, into Matt’s bedroom. Matt lies weakly on bed. Popescu stares at him - no not at_him - but next to Popescu’s POV: Jonah - blackened and frightened looking - stands over Matt - threatening or protecting? We cannot t
112) 2) dialog: I don't see anything.
112) 4) dialog: This is turning my world upside down.
113) 0) text: Sara follows Popescu as he feels his way with his hands a the base of the house.
114) 0) text: Popescu bows his head and murmurs a prayer for the dead i Latin. As he does the elevator POUNDS TWICE AS LOUD, like was angrily and malevolently alive. Starting to tremble, Popescu reaches behind him for his b bag. And from within it pulls out a white silk prayer sha Wiping his brow with the back of his shaking hand Popescu gently sweeps Jonah’s last remains and folds them into th silk. He murmurs a last prayer and as he does - the eleva suddenly stops. The shaking and pounding noises stop. The whole house is suddenly still and quiet. Popescu has won the battle, but looks as though he won’t live though the night, he is spe INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 129C Deafening silence. Wendy and the little ones on the bed. Cautiously take their fingers from their ears - and adjus the quiet. She looks around. Takes a breath. The place undeniably feels different.
115) 0) text: At his open car, Sara hands Popescu the silken bundle wit Jonah’s remains in it, and he puts them gently on the sea 83.
115) 1) dialog: Will Matt be alright now?
115) 3) dialog: Thank you, thank you for everything.
115) 5) dialog: Are you okay to drive? Popescu gathers what’s left of his strength, and waves of her concern. 132 INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 132 POPESCU O.S. We’re all in God’s hands. Matt’s whole body silently convulses. Tears flow down his worn cheeks. He senses something and looks up and behind at the high window which looks out at the street above. In the window: Jonah - OUTSIDE - he looks not scary - not angry - sad. H shaking his head. Worried.
116) 4) dialog: Whatever was here - is gone. We've all had some bad nights, but it’s over. And now we can get ba- She’s interrupted by ROUGH RAGGED SCREAMING from downstai 85. 135 INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 135 Sara runs in, finds Matt standing in the darkness screami
116) 6) dialog: What have you done to yourself!?
117) 0) text: Sara stands anxiously at the door way of her house. Illuminated by the flashing lights from the ambulance.
117) 1) dialog: It’s okay, it’s okay. Everything’s gonna be okay. One paramedic opens the back door while another holds Mat wrapped in a triage bandage-blanket already soaking throu with all the lines of blood - while a third injects him w something to stop the pain and calm him down. Peter pulls up and runs out of his car to Sara. As they’r about to close the door, Matt turns and looks at his pare
117) 3) dialog: We’ll be back as soon as we can. And then we‘re getting out of here. Sara finally acknowledges Peter’s presence.
117) 5) dialog: You’re here now. That’s what counts. She takes his hand and climbs in the car with Peter and t take after the ambulance.
119) 0) text: Wendy runs into the kitchen - but as she enters is hit by wall of smell. She gags. Something horribly rotten - she glances round the kitchen and sees: The flowers which a little while ago were bright are now dead. The fruit bowl - at first looks fine - but literall before her eyes the fruit decays into a festering pulp. She opens the refrigerator. The light is off. It’s not co Everything inside’s covered in mold. She slams the door. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 140 Mary whispers with her doll. We hear only bits of it. 141
120) 1) text: A stuffed animal with a tiny bell round its neck - The really worn and almost shapeless one with the shoe button hanging by a string. Did it just move? Or was that just t wind? INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 140B Billy absorbed in his Krystal Ball. Staring into the litt window at the purple waters inside - seeking answers to whispered questions. Mary looks up from her doll at the d way - in time to see: That worn old stuffed animal sits on the floor in front o the door. She looks back down at her doll then hears the tinkling bell. When she looks up, the stuffed animal is g Mary gets up and goes to the door and looks down the hall There’s the little thing standing at the top of the stair facing her - as if looking right at Mary whose eyes widen what seems to her wonderful magic. Mary runs down the hall after it. Billy pays no attention too absorbed in his oracle.
124) 0) text: Wendy pulls the rotted food out of the fridge and shelves But it seems never ending. A first glance shows a normal of bread so she turns to the rotted tomatoes beside it. B when she looks back at the bread it is now green with mol She nearly gags as she stuff the last of the reeking rott food into two bulging garbage bags. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 146 Billy’s alone nervously playing with the Krystal Ball. He clutching it fiercely. Eyes shut -
141) 9) dialog: Can we see him?
148) 0) text: In the car. Sara sobs and sobs. We can’t hear her. Just w her wracked body - and the O of her mouth as she moans.
149) 2) dialog: And then what? He’s -
152) 0) text: A police car pulls up as thick smoke pours off of the hou making it hard to see how much is burning. Then Peter and Sara pull up. He runs out and tries to mak for the house. A cop puts a restraining arm on him -
154) 0) text: Popescu’s old car arrives. The fireman are already there. Popescu tries to calm Sara.
154) 1) dialog: I don’t understand. You said it was over!
155) 0) text: The weak older man is all that’s holding Sara up.
155) 1) dialog: Matt. We’ve got to save him.
155) 3) dialog: To who? Fr. Popescu, not unfamiliar with Sara’s doubt, begins to recite St. Michael's prayer anyway. POPESCU (CONT’D) Saint Michael the Archangel, defend us in battle. Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the devil... The firemen knock the door away - and when Sara looks up a moment she can see straight into the parlor - where, through the dust and the flames - she sees Matt/Jonah cov in soot and smoke - She doesn’t see the things that crowd around him - only sees him - rigid as if frozen and cover in burnt flesh and soot. Peter starts to run into the house but gets tackled by a another cop comes and they both hold Peter down.
156) 0) text: As Sara runs in, the house falls down around her. Behind a beam collapses, blocking the entrance she came through. She’s now trapped there too. She ducks her way into the parlor where she sees with her own eyes what is happening She sees the walls torn open and filled with burning tatt corpses. She sees through the flames - and as she begins choke on the fumes - and weaken - she sees more - sees al the hideous shapes and forms around - sees her dying son trapped alone in a burning room filled with death.
156) 1) dialog: Matt! She throws herself straight through flame at Matt/Jonah a grabs hold of her boy and pulls him to the ground - just the ceiling comes down - the two fall on the safe side of but are trapped in a burning corner - under ceiling that can’t last much longer. She’s holding her son and that’s all that matters as she rolls with him on the floor. She drags him beneath the table - just as more of the cei collapses and covers them in debris. She looks down at her boy - who is out - possibly dead - sees Jonah’s horribly charred face- Suddenly his eyes open. And look up at her - the saddest expression in the world. At first she recoils in horror - this is not her son - th burnt battered flesh is someone else and someone else’s s But something in her just sees a child.
156) 2) dialog: Here. I’m here. Momma’s here. She brings her face down to his. Kissing the blackened sk Her tears spilling on his charred face. And when she look down at him - she can clearly see it is Matt’s face benea the ash. 104.
156) 3) dialog: Oh Mattie. My Mattie. More pieces of the ceiling collapse around them. They are soon to be buried beneath burning beams. Sara looks aroun frantically - for any way out - any chance of escape. There is none. She looks down at her son - his breathing grows lower and lower. It seems he’s at the end. She holds him to her and closes her eyes as fire and debr rain down around them.
156) 4) dialog: Our...our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy Kingdom come. Thy will be done. On earth as it is in heaven. A huge CRASHING sound - and she holds him tighter - think this is it for both of them... Flames rise all around the
156) 5) dialog: ...though I walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death... A faint voice joins her...
156) 7) dialog: ...for Thou art with me... Just then a chunk of the wall gives way and a huge spray water shoots in from the outside - forcing the flames bac Arms suddenly grab both of them - It’s Peter and a firema who together pull them out to the air. We are left for a second still in the burning room - and it completely fills with smoke and flame it seems we can a faint voice continuing...
157) 3) dialog: I don’t really care if people don’t believe. FADE OUT.
157) 5) dialog: I know what happened. The doctors and nurses know. My family knows. And my son’s alive. And well. And that’s all that matters. They do say the Lord works in mysterious ways. But they never warn you just how mysterious those ways really are. (straight to camera) Consider yourself warned. FADE TO BLACK AND...