2) 9) text: Thanks, Wendy. Sorry for the chaos.
2) 10) dialog: It’s better than my house.
2) 12) dialog: I knew love was a four letter word, just not those four letter words.
23) 0) text: Matt's brother BILLY, 11, and sister Mary, 7, race upstai arguing over bedrooms. Wendy follows them, giving chase.
23) 1) dialog: You wait until Aunt Sara and Uncle Peter tell you where your room is. Wait! You little monsters!
24) 8) dialog: Why do you say that?
25) 5) dialog: You get your own room - like a big girl- you sure you won’t be scared?
25) 7) dialog: Good. Okay, you start.
35) 0) text: Wendy and Matt on a walk, approaching a foot entrance to cemetery near their house. Matt gestures, let’s go in.
35) 1) dialog: You sure?
35) 4) dialog: You alright? 29.
35) 7) dialog: The point of what?
35) 9) dialog: I used to wonder about that. I'd lie awake at night - just hearing my parents yelling. Seems like day and night all they did was curse at each other. Some nights I thought he’d kill her. Other times I wished they’d kill each other. Or me. Just to stop the hate. He looks at her - for a brief moment lifted out of his pa WENDY (CONT’D) But then I moved in with you guys. I realized it didn’t have to be that way. I don’t know what happens when we die. If anything happens. But I know what can happen when you’re alive. You can love. And be loved. And every minute you’re one or the other...
36) 1) dialog: -..is a gift. 53 30. Matt just looks around at his loving family. Wendy’s word echoing in his ears. There’s a lot of chatter and passing dishes. Then Peter quiets everybody down.
39) 1) dialog: What happened up there?
39) 3) dialog: You seeing things?
39) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
39) 7) dialog: So what happened? He wants to tell her but he can’t, outright. So he tries only way he can.
39) 9) dialog: I do. I do remember.
39) 11) dialog: ‘Oh how I wish he'd go away’ They laugh. She looks at him tenderly.
39) 13) dialog: No - maybe, which one?
39) 15) dialog: Matt, you’re scaring me. He turns back to her, his skin going a whiter shade of pa
41) 0) text: Wendy is painting her toenails, cottonballs between them. Slowly, she begins to feel there is a Presence behind her But when she turns: no one is there.
44) 0) text: The kids, including Wendy, eat lunch. Super: August lst 12:30 P.M. 60 61
52) 2) dialog: It’s okay. Let’s go. She sweeps the little ones away with her back upstairs. M looks back: the ghosts are gone, leaving him utterly alon
62) 0) text: She rushes upstairs to the other kids’ rooms. Wendy alrea out of her room, in the hall, she heard the commotion.
69) 5) dialog: You just need to get out more.
72) 8) dialog: What are you doing! Billy stop, you’re hurting him!
72) 10) dialog: What?! Billy looks down at his older brother, someone he looked to, who now seems so shriveled and weak.
79) 0) text: Inside. Wendy’s reading on the couch. The two young ones fighting over a board game. They turn imploringly to Wend
79) 3) dialog: Why don’t you ask Matt? They remain silent, uncomfortable.
79) 7) dialog: Are you alright?
79) 9) dialog: OK, c’mon you guys. I’1l count to 30. And let’s see if you can find some new hiding places this time. The littler ones run upstairs. Matt’s still standing ther staring. His face has an odd cast to it. Head bent, one e raised a bit above the other: he almost looks like Jonah. WENDY (CONT’D) Matt? (no response) Matt? Matt turns and walks back out of the room, down to his la
82) 1) dialog: 28-29-30. Ready or not here I come. 103 101¢c 104
83) 0) text: Sound of little FOOTSTEPS. Something seems to be running the far back of the attic as Mary opens the door and ente That same extreme of dark and light from outside - but he with darkness winning and just a few shafts of high hot l through dust. INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS 101¢ Wendy comes up the stairs - not in any hurry to find any
86) 0) text: Wendy hears the scream from the attic.
88) 0) text: Hearing the scream, Wendy yanks the door open and Billy c tumbling out of the empty elevator.
89) 0) text: Wendy runs in. The door slams shut behind her. Plunging t attic back to near total darkness but for the shafts of d strewn light from cracks and narrow windows. She can’t see well, has to mostly feel with her hand - sh finds Mary’s leg but not before her hand breaks through w so rotten you can see spiders and silver fish crawling in Matt comes in followed by Billy. He hurries to where his sister and cousin are.
89) 1) dialog: Be careful. Floor must be rotten.
89) 3) dialog: Well here for sure. Where Mary's leg fell through. Matt walks to that spot - sees a small circle is fetid an rotting. He looks up at the ceiling above that spot.
90) 0) text: After the kids are asleep. Matt and Wendy sit at the tabl In front of them are the cigar box and the notebook. We'v seen these before. When Aickman was inscribing the corpse In the cigar box - a mass of small photos - mourning card featuring the photo of the deceased. Many coffin shots: O people. Middle-aged people. Kids. Babies even. Lying ther satin, all peaceful and serene and dead. There’s more tha hundred of the business-card sized photos. And something else too - the box is nearly filled with wh at first appear to be dead moths.
90) 1) dialog: What are these? Matt picks one up -
90) 6) dialog: You alright? 58.
90) 8) dialog: These are really weird.
90) 10) dialog: These have got to be fake.
90) 12) dialog: What?
90) 14) dialog: Matt. Stop it. Talk to me.
90) 16) dialog: Give me a chance. He stares at her - as if silently measuring her - can she take it, will she believe? Only one way to find out.
90) 18) dialog: Who?
90) 20) dialog: Shut up.
90) 22) dialog: No. Wait, I’m sorry. Go on.
90) 24) dialog: Maybe the place is haunted. Or Maybe you picked up some kind of vibrations of the past. Either way, what were these things and these photos doing hidden under (MORE )
90) 26) dialog: the floor boards? Who put them there and why? We need to find out who lived here. Who these people are. Or were.
90) 28) dialog: Don’t tell anyone. But there’s buildings all over the country where secret knowledge is kept. Mysterious places known only as ... The library! Matt smiles. His first in a very long time.
90) 30) dialog: For what?
91) 0) text: Wendy’s research takes her from Microfilm to the back roo of the stacks where dusty volumes of forgotten periodical and esoteric tomes hide from the mice and the silverfish. And_as Wendy begins her quest, we begin to Intercut: all she’s learning and how she’s learning it(in bold) with he sharing her discoveries with Matt in the parlor that even
92) 1) dialog: Check it out: ‘A Case of Materialization’ by Mr. Ramsey Aickman, of Goatswood, Connecticut. 110
93) 0) text: Wendy’s research is spread out on the table. She points t picture of Aickman.
93) 1) dialog: That’s Ramsey Aickman. This was his mortuary. He had an interesting hobby: psychical research. Sliding quickly across the screen we see Microfilm of old newspaper. Glimpse fragments and sentences from articles:
93) 5) dialog: Your guy, the dead kid? Jonah. Aickman’s assistant. And a medium.
93) 7) dialog: Supposedly they contacted the dead through Jonah - and people came to have little chats with their dead hubby or wife or to find out where Auntie Mame hid the family jewels. More clippings slide over the screen, funerary announceme in the name of R. Aickman, Funeral Director and Mortician And small listings in the local events pages of Spiritual Evenings held at the Aickman Mortuary and Funeral Home.
94) 1) dialog: He claims he discovered how to ‘amplify’ seances, not just contact the dead. He made things appear.
94) 3) dialog: Ectoplasm.
95) 0) text: A row of dusty volumes marked on the spine: Proceedings o the Society for Psychical Research. She pulls down the volumes from 1927. Wendy reads from her notes:
95) 1) dialog: “BR mysterious protoplasmic substance streaming out of the body of mediums.’ Check this out - Books stacked around her; She pores through the dusty vol - staring at old gray photos, making copious notes. See horrific spirit photographs like the ones from the attic.
95) 2) dialog: (quoting again) - “photographs of ectoplasm often show a gelatinous material oozing from all the natural orifices of the medium; from mouth, ears, nose, eyes, and even the lower orifices, and sometimes from the top of the head, the breasts or fingertips.”
96) 1) dialog: People came from all over and were convinced. Harvard professors and other big shots. Aickman and Jonah’s seances were famous.
96) 3) dialog: OK. Now it gets weirder. Fill the screen with Microfilm of old newspaper: 63.
96) 7) dialog: There was a seance. Led by Aickman with Jonah as the Medium. Aickman and all five sitters were found dead. Cause of death not clear. Glimpse fragments and sentences from the article:
96) 10) dialog: Nobody knows. No sign of him. Vanished. Missing. And never seen again.
96) 12) dialog: Here’s the weirdest part of all. Now papers blur past - some from decades later -
96) 17) dialog: Thirty years later - in the ‘50s, when they expanded the highway, they did a detour through the county cemetery -
96) 20) dialog: Right. But when they tried to re- locate some of the old plots they found something odd. Or didn’t find.
96) 22) dialog: More than a hundred bodies that were supposed to be there? Weren't. Coffins just filled with rocks.
97) 1) dialog: Someone jacked the bodies.
97) 3) dialog: Maybe. But why?
99) 2) dialog: You don’t think it’s real do you?
99) 16) dialog: You could tell by the way they smelled?
99) 18) dialog: What are they for?
99) 24) dialog: He ‘amplified’ his seances.
99) 26) dialog: Not in the cemetery. She pulls out the clipping about all the empty coffins. H scans it. Then gets up - and begins to move about the roo
99) 30) dialog: -at the scene of the crime.
100) 2) dialog: Matt? Was it? Popescu sees that Matt’s in a kind of trance and releases hand. Wendy still holds the other.
100) 4) dialog: I can’t! Popescu reaches out and with all the strength he has pull her hand free from Matt’s. As soon as their hands are separated Matt gasps and falls face first down on the tab
100) 11) dialog: We asked for his help -
104) 0) text: Wendy's asleep. As she tosses and turns we hear strange sounds in the darkness - as if cages were opening - and b were flying out of the cages and around the room - though the darkness we can’t see it. It sounds as if they are flapping all around her, wilder and wilder. Suddenly with a THWACK it sounds like one of the birds smashed against the window next to the bed. Wendy wakes and looks around in the darkness, heart pound She throws her arm out of the covers and lights the lamp beside her bed. This lights her bed - and stops the sound flapping wings - but the corners of the room are still da No birds sounds now. Just a low heavy rasping breathing.. And she senses: the room is not empty. Someone is there i the shadows, staring at her. WENDY (CONT’D) Matt? What are you doing? What do you want? No reply. She just sees one of the eyes in the dark, star at her. For a second it seems as if we can see the frozen mist from someone’s breath. Then a mouth opens - and a small faint croak. Barely huma Wholly unintelligible. Wendy tilts the lamp shade towards that corner of the room - - and for a second illuminates a corner where not Matt - a_horribly burned and scared Jonah crouches staring at he
114) 0) text: Popescu bows his head and murmurs a prayer for the dead i Latin. As he does the elevator POUNDS TWICE AS LOUD, like was angrily and malevolently alive. Starting to tremble, Popescu reaches behind him for his b bag. And from within it pulls out a white silk prayer sha Wiping his brow with the back of his shaking hand Popescu gently sweeps Jonah’s last remains and folds them into th silk. He murmurs a last prayer and as he does - the eleva suddenly stops. The shaking and pounding noises stop. The whole house is suddenly still and quiet. Popescu has won the battle, but looks as though he won’t live though the night, he is spe INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 129C Deafening silence. Wendy and the little ones on the bed. Cautiously take their fingers from their ears - and adjus the quiet. She looks around. Takes a breath. The place undeniably feels different.
114) 1) dialog: I think...it’s over.
119) 0) text: Wendy runs into the kitchen - but as she enters is hit by wall of smell. She gags. Something horribly rotten - she glances round the kitchen and sees: The flowers which a little while ago were bright are now dead. The fruit bowl - at first looks fine - but literall before her eyes the fruit decays into a festering pulp. She opens the refrigerator. The light is off. It’s not co Everything inside’s covered in mold. She slams the door. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 140 Mary whispers with her doll. We hear only bits of it. 141
124) 0) text: Wendy pulls the rotted food out of the fridge and shelves But it seems never ending. A first glance shows a normal of bread so she turns to the rotted tomatoes beside it. B when she looks back at the bread it is now green with mol She nearly gags as she stuff the last of the reeking rott food into two bulging garbage bags. INT. SARA AND PETER’S BEDROOM 146 Billy’s alone nervously playing with the Krystal Ball. He clutching it fiercely. Eyes shut -
129) 0) text: Wendy sobs in the shower trying to wash the rot reek off
132) 0) text: As Wendy turns the shower off the curtain itself sways od moves with ripples like the wing of a manta ray - -then suddenly - as if it were alive and possessed of a m of its own - the curtain wraps around Wendy - 93. For a mad second it’s almost comic - as if she were just tripped up in her shower curtain - but the wet white plas seals tighter and tighter around her - now thrusting itse down her mouth when she opens it to scream - choking her
135) 0) text: Wendy rips at the curtain - shredding it - tearing it - t she’s free - gulping air on the cold tile floor.
136) 0) text: Wendy pulls clothes on when she hears SCREAMING and runs the window and looks down. She can’t see anything. But it seems to be coming from outside.
137) 0) text: Wendy looks around. Where’s the scream? Hears it again - coming from the basement. She looks to the low windows th look into Matt’s room and sees Mary standing on a table pounding on the window. 159 160 161 162
138) 0) text: Wendy runs back in and tears down the stairs to Matt’s ro INT. MATT’S BEDROOM - A BEAT LATER 160 She looks around the room - no sign of Mary - then she se her on the other side of the glass - screaming. Wendy runs to the door - but it won’t open. She tries and tries and tries - Billy runs in too - drawn by the scream Wendy looks around - for something - anything - finally s grabs the little wooden chair by the table - motions Bill get back - and swings the chair with all her might at the glass window and SHATTERS it into a million pieces.
138) 1) dialog: C’mon Mary - come to me! Mary runs over - and Wendy reaches over the wood and pick her up and lifts her into the bedroom. They turn to run f the room and she looks back over her shoulder and sees th Oven open - the little toy sitting at the edge of it - as laughing at her - and behind it - the flames shoot up! Super: 2:15 a.m.
144) 0) text: Wendy hears a slamming sound outside and looks out the wi and sees the garage door slamming in the wind.
145) 0) text: Wendy opens the back door. She sees the garage door swing in the wind, but in front of it now stands Matt/Jonah hol an axe. She is stunned for a moment.
145) 1) dialog: Matt? Matt just stares blankly at her - then starts running rig at_her - axe in hand... She slams the door and throws the latch. With a sudden splintering CRASH - The axe rips through the back door - stopping just short of her face. She turns to run, and sees a worried Mary standing right front of her. Wendy swoops her up and bolts down the corr to the front stairs. The axing noise continues behind her She puts Mary down.
145) 2) dialog: (whispers) We’re going to be play hide and seek now. I want you to hide upstairs, okay? And don’t come out no matter what, unless I say it’s okay? You understand? Mary nods and runs up the stairs. Now Wendy sees Billy is cautiously moving through the par to investigate the noise. She quietly slips over to him a turns him around. 166 98. Wendy gets him to follow her, but before she turns she notices the axing has stopped. She looks towards the back door. Unseen behind her we see Matt silently (in bare feet) charging towards her, axe raised! Billy sees him and leaps away. Wendy spins and backs agai the wall.
145) 3) dialog: (tears of terror) Matt. No. Wendy stumbles and falls to the ground then Matt/Jonah br the rusted axe slicing down - straight into the pulpy woo where Matt/Jonah had scratched the wall earlier in the mo He pulls the axe back ripping out chunks of wall revealin FACE. Chop Chop. There is a body inside! Covered in Aickman’s inscriptions and rags. It rolls out, still weighty and so as if it was freshly dead. Wendy rolls aside as the body thumps to the ground where just was. Matt/Jonah axes the wall again. Then uses the pick side o to pull floor boards open - and reveals right there: BODIES. Bodies stacked side by side like cords of wood. E covered in Aickman’s necromantic engraving. Eyes staring - because they have no eyelids. Matt continues cutting and more bodies come tumbling out.
146) 0) text: The little kids are crying and Wendy’s pleading with Matt/Jonah - He shoves them roughly out the door -
146) 2) dialog: But what about you? For just a second - within the blackened grim face shines glimpse of the old Matt - and an almost smile - 167 168 169 170 171
147) 0) text: The kids beat at the door - calling to Matt. Wendy tries window. Locked.
152) 4) dialog: Inside.
157) 0) text: As the hose blasts away the ash and char we see Matt - no Matt/Jonah - just Matt. And he looks better than we have him look so far. Eyes bright. Skin clear. He looks damn g Especially for a dead boy. It’s impossible - no burns - no wounds - and no signs of either the disease or the cure or anything he’s been thro He looks practically pink and new as the day he was born. Old Popescu sees this and falls to his knees in prayer. And as all three of them reach the lawn they are mobbed w joy by Wendy and the kids. Peter then puts his arm around his son and they hug. Then they look up at the pre-dawn sky, still full of stars.