6) 47) dialog: At last, Flash Gordon, I have you at my mercy. He cackles with fiendish laughter. CAMERA PULLS. BACK and we see, Flash tied with.huge ropes hand and foot to a strangely sinister tree trunk’ that appears to have snakeskin instead of bark. MING snaps his golden bullwhip in the air viciously. Behind him we see the woven basket of a curiously futuristic balloon. The balloon has sulphurous lidded cat's eyes painted on it.
6) 48) dialog: There is no hope for you, Flash Gordon. I will now proceed to destroy the planet Earth with my Turbo-Xenon Space Balloon, with its deadly Z-Gamma Rays.
6) 50) dialog: In moments, that Cobra Tree will ‘awaken and devour you. There is a QUICK cUT and we see, in the dank jungle undergrowth, Ralph's eyes peering out at this awful pageant. His eyes are wide with wonder, yet there is an air of grim determination about him.
6) 52) dialog: Enough, stupid Earthling! It is time now to destroy your foolish planet (CONTINUED)
6) 60) dialog: Death to Earth! Death to Earth! Ralph pulls the trigger of his Red Ryder BB gun.
6) 62) dialog: Oh no, NO! His baloon makes an obscene farting noise, careening off crazily, growing smaller and smaller by the instant.
6) 89) text: The Old Man is fighting for his life, and screaming : at the top of his lungs. We can't quite make out what he's saying, but it sounds like:
9) 49) text: CAMERA ZOOMS IN on Ralphie's face, just as he is about to make an exclamation. CAMERA ZOOMS PAST his mouth just as he is forming The Word. Just at that moment, a TRUCK ROARS by and drowns out the sound. We.do not hear the word or see it spoken, but it is evident that Ralph has said The Word.
24) 0) text: It is after dinner. The family is trimming the tree on this most important of all nights, Christmas Eve. The tree, complete with a bare spot which did not “fluff out" is standing in its little red tin holder, fragrantly, toweringly, teeteringly. Father stands on a ladder, also teetering, stringing lights to the top of the tree.