5) 59) dialog: A fourth grade teacher in the classic mold. She moves to her desk. The kids hurry to their desks.
5) 60) dialog: Good morning, class. We hear the class answer in unison, but they sound funny, like a comic take-off on a Japanese kamikaze pilot. Miss Shields looks puzzled for a brief moment, then: slowly she holds her hand out, palm up, with ~ studied, professional patience. CAMERA PANS FROM Miss Shields TO the class.
5) 63) dialog: She wiggles her palm with subtle meaning. cur Te:
5) 72) dialog: The wax teeth are handed over one by one. Finally CAMERA FOLLOWS one. hand down as she deposits the teeth in a huge drawer, the Friday drawer, containing an in- credible collection of Kid Effluvia; yo-yo's, rubber noses, pea shooters, slingshots, plastic lensless eye~ glasses with false noses. attached, fake mustaches, plastic water pistols shaped like Lugers, jaw-breakers both used and unused, string, a Scout knife, a small hard black rubber ball, cards with pictures of base- ball players, three or four small wax bottles filled with a verminous green liquid, bottle caps, a top, ~ five or six lurid comic books and other treasures of kid-hood.
5) 74) dialog: All right, class, open your readers to page thirty-two. As you remember, Silas Marner was... CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal class, heads bent with exaggerated studiousness, opening their readers. EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS ~ LONG SHOT - THE KIDS - DAY 17. Recess. In the drifted dirty snow, kids stand in little clots. Skies are darker than in. the earlier scenes. We sense a blizzard.on the way.. The steady BANGING of a lan- yard on the flagpole in the cold north wind provides a sinister ringing tempo to the scene. CAMERA PANS DOWN the pole TO PICK UP the kids. The conversation. from the morning continues.
5) 116) dialog: Where is Flick? Conspicuous silence.
5) 117) dialog: (continuing) Did anyone see Flick at. recess? Conspiratorial silence.
5) 118) dialog: (continuing) Well? Finally one little girl beckons to Miss Shields.
5) 119) dialog: (continuing) Yes, Esther Jane? The little girl points hurriedly to the playground.
5) 120) dialog: (continuing) What was that? (CONTINUED)
5) 128) text: -29— CONTINUED : 18. The little girl points again. Miss Shields looks out .at the playground. She sees the figure. She walks to the window, looking closer.
5) 129) dialog: (continuing) Qh _my God! At this point, twenty-two children stampede toward the window, gawking out. Only two innocents remain unin- terested. Ralphie and Schwartz sit unconcernedly looking nonchalantly up at the ceiling. You. could never tell they were involved. Miss Shields flies from the room.
5) 132) dialog: I know some of you put Flick up to this, but Flick refuses to say who. But those who did it know their blame, and I know the guilt. you feel at causing this pain will be worse than any punishment you might receive. (CONTINUED)
5) 141) dialog: Not only did you suggest this awful thing, but even worse, you left him-there all alone in the cold. Now don't you feel terrible? Don't you feel remorse for what you have done? She pauses dramatically and subjects the entire room to her X-ray eye.
5) 142) dialog: (continuing) Now, that is all I am going to say about poor little Flick. Open your notebooks, boys and girls. I am going to give you an assignment. A low, sullen mumble rolls through the classroom.
5) 143) dialog: (continuing) I. want all of you to write a theme...
5) 153) dialog: -»-entitled 'What I Want For. Christmas.'
5) 155) dialog: I want you to be particularly careful about margins. . You will hand in your themes tomorrow, and I don't want to hear excuses. Now open your spelling books to page twenty~one.
6) 23) text: -36- CONTINUED 24. MISS SHIELDS . Mrs. Parker, I am not here on a social call. I am here as” part of my duties as a teacher. INT. HOUSE - BAY 25. Mother ushers Miss Shields into the house, listens respectfully as Miss Shields, now seated on sofa, speaks.
6) 24) dialog: (continuing) I understand you have expressed doubts about Ralph, your extraordinary son, as to whether or not he should be the owner of a Red Ryder BB gun. He has convinced me beyond a doubt through his magnificent and eloquent theme that it is absolutely necessary that Ralph be given a Red Ryder BB gun, for the protection of your family. Ordinarily, I would not make such a recommendation, but in the case of Ralph, I feel certain that he will use his Red Ryder BB gun with his customary skill and responsibility. If you have any questions about what I have just said, please write them in a theme of one hundred words or less for Ralph to deliver to me at school. I will grade it and return it by next Friday.
6) 26) dialog: I'm certainly glad that you realize how lucky you are. (CONTINUED)
6) 36) dialog: Ralph is a magnificent boy, and he needs a Red Ryder BB gun, especially now that wild bears have been reported in the vicinity of Pulaski's candy store.
6) 37) text: Mother thanks Miss Shields fervently. Father, in the background, nods in solemn approval and agreement that they are indeed fortunate to be the parents of the truly great human being -- Ralph.
8) 0) text: We see Miss Shields grading papers grumpily. She throws o one down in disgust and scribbles a large "F" on it. She picks up another and gives it the same treatment, and ano and yet another. She puts her hand to her forehead in des for’a moment, then she plunges in again. She begins reading Ralphie's theme. Her face brightens. H mouth flies open. She reads on. She utters an exclamation of joy and clasps the theme to her bosom, silent movie st She begins reading again, barely able to contain herself. With every sentence, she exclaims in ecstasy. Finally, sh can contain herself no more. She leaps to her feet, throw the theme into the air, and races to the blackboard. She writes Ralphie's name on the board in huge letters and fo this with: ,
8) 4) dialog: Did you want something, Ralph?
12) 0) text: Snow and WIND HOWLS INT. SCHOOL - DAY. 49. It is Friday. The children are filing into class. Every third or fourth child pauses to give Miss Shields a little gift as is the custom. We see the booty piling up, mostly apples a few cupcakes, some cookies, a solitary flower. Suddenly a pineapple, a very large and particularly tropical looking pineapple is placed upon the desk. A pineapple in Hohman during the depression is a sight indeed. : Ralphie's face eases up through the foliage on top of the pineapple. He grins a grin about as subtle as “Oilcan Harry." Miss Shields looks at him. in amazement.
12) 2) dialog: Why -~ thank you, Ralph! Ralph slides away. EXT. ALLEYWAY LONG SHOT_~ SAME FENCE WE SAW EARLIER 50.
17) 1) dialog: All right, class, I have your Christmas themes for you. I'm pleased. They were generally very good. Flick files by, his eye is blackened.