1) 0) text: Graphic says Northern Indiana, ‘sometime in the 1940's. FADE UP TO FIND Hohman, a steel town squatting beside Lake Michigan; CAMERA PANS the city, then begins a SERIES OF CUTS to show ever more microcosmic views of Hohman. ‘The NARRATOR'S VOICE (JEAN SHEPHERD) fades up. We hear a MEDLEY OF CLASSIC CHRISTMAS CAROLS which form a striking contrast to the images. . RALPHIE, FLICK and SCHWARTZ run across a slag heap in foreground. RANDY. trails behind.
3) 0) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that Ralphie is reading "Boy's Life." Downstairs we hear the hectic routine of a school morning. The omnipresent RADIO CRACKLES in the background. Ralphie's FATHER, hereafter known as The Old Man, roars dimly in the distance as he fights the good fight against the indefatigable Indiana winter. Ralphie's MOTHER calls intermittently the waning minutes before school deadline.
3) 8) text: NARRATOR (Cont'd) Red Ryder, his jaw squared, staring out at me manfully, and speaking directly to: me eye to eye. In his hand was the knurled stock of as beautiful, as coolly deadly looking a piece of weaponry as I'd ever laid eyes on. CAMERA PANS OVER its page, seeing the following copy as we hear Ralphie begin reading it out loud to himself. The SOUND of
3) 15) text: CAMERA HAS ARRIVED AT AN EXTREMELY CLOSE SHOT of } Ralphie's eye. We DISSOLVE to the following, which is Ralphie's daydream fantasy.
3) 21) dialog: Don't worry, Dad. As long as I got, Ol' Blue. (CONTINUED)
3) 27) dialog: He surveys the situation coolly, then fast as a whip- snake he leaps. up and snaps off THREE SHOTS.
3) 37) dialog: (manfully) Me and Ol1' Blue. Of course, there was some that didn’t want me to have ‘Ol Blue...
3) 40) dialog: 
3) 42) text: Suddenly Ralphie is startled and we hear a voice.
3) 57) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Randy and Ralphie down the hallway, . LOSING Randy and FOLLOWING Ralphie to the bathroom door. He barges in and we find The Old Man in the final strokes of shaving. de looks down at Ralphie. Ralphie cleverly puts the “Boy's Life" behind his back.
3) 59) dialog: (succinctly) Nothin'. (CONTINUED)
3) 72) text: We see Ralphie placing a ‘Boy's Life' inside one of his father's 'Field & Stream' magazines. (CONTINUED)
3) 74) text: CAMERA PANS with Ralphie from the bathroom to the kitchen. He and. Randy climb up to the table for breakfast. Randy stares at his food. Randy never eats.
3) 92) dialog: An official Red Ryder carbine action two-hundred shot range model air rifle!
3) 106) dialog: Heh heh... I was just kidding. Even though Flick is getting one. I guess... I guess, uh, I'd like a... some Lincoln Logs.
3) 148) dialog: Aw, Ma, we'll be late. (CONTINUED)
4) 0) text: Outside the door. We see Randy and Ralphie leaning into -the fierce wind. The door clangs shut.
4) 9) text: Ralphie sees his friend FLICK and runs. toward him. Randy struggles after, the perpetual kid brother.
4) 10) dialog: Hey, Flick, wait up! Wait up! Ralphie runs up to Flick and they begin that inexpliciabl ritual common to schoolboys everywhere, trading punches on the arm. First one, then the other, until it obviously hurts like hell. It is all rooted, no doubt, in some dim territorial imperative stretching back over the centuries.
4) 11) dialog: (continuing) Whatcha doing? FLICK. What does it look like I'm doing, pickin' goobers?
5) 0) text: Just at this moment they pass Schwartz's house. SCHWARTZ plows down the driveway toward them. The arm ritual is repeated between Ralphie and Schwartz. The pecking order is important in Kid rituals and apparentiy there is order and reason behind it, indecipherable to adults, but apparently sufficient to kids.
5) 6) dialog: I think he's right, Flick.
5) 11) dialog: Aw, he didn't mean nothin', Flick Flick bristles. The ceremony is played out.
5) 35) dialog: (jumping in) Wait a minute! CAMERA MOVES IN SLOWLY on the group as they acknowledge something 0.S. A slow, ominous CHORD OF MUSIC begins to creep up, not unlike the theme music from Jaws. It grows during this sequence. CAMERA PANS from one face to another as they peer, fear-struck. cuT TO:
5) 53) dialog: Whew! That was close.
5) 107) text: fhey stare, dumbfounded. Flick grunts an inchoate cry for help. Schwartz and Ralphie, now vaguely aware of impending official doom, back off. Suddenly the BELL RINGS. Ralphie and Schwartz look at the school and then back to Flick. The BELL RINGS like a shriek out of hell. That's it. Ralphie and Schwartz are off like a shot. (CONTINUED)
5) 159) dialog: Did it hurt, Flick?
5) 164) dialog: (ever alert) Wait! (CONTINUED)
5) 168) text: Ralphie senses something. He stops and looks in - *
5) 171) dialog: Run! It's Dilliit But it is too late. A face appears suddenly in the gap between two boards.. It is a malevolent face. It is the face of meanness personified. It is the dreaded GROVER DILL. The MUSIC SHUDDERS appropriately.
6) 0) text: Ralphie heads up the stairs.
6) 2) dialog: (flying up the . ( stairs two at a time) No. I gotta do my homework!
6) 4) dialog: Ma. I gotta do my homework.
6) 78) dialog: in reality. He smiles in triumph. Suddenly, Ralphie hears a veluminous RACKET. He runs to the window and looks out. We see: EXT. HOUSE ~ DUSK 27. The Old Man is driving the Olds up the driveway. He is pursued by at least a dozen flop-eared hound dogs, BARKING, YAPPING, HOWLING and leaping.
6) 137) dialog: (just as Mother sits) Where's the red cabbage? I didn't get any. (CONTINUED)
6) 200) dialog: Whoopee a statue! We won a statue!
6) 224) text: -52- - 30. CONTINUED 30. We-see The Old Man plunge into a jungle of extension cords and 4-way plugs, wires heading in every direction. Ralphie rushes in.with.the extension cord. The Old.Man disappears behind the couch. Much heavy breathing and cursing emerges.
8) 0) text: We see Miss Shields grading papers grumpily. She throws o one down in disgust and scribbles a large "F" on it. She picks up another and gives it the same treatment, and ano and yet another. She puts her hand to her forehead in des for’a moment, then she plunges in again. She begins reading Ralphie's theme. Her face brightens. H mouth flies open. She reads on. She utters an exclamation of joy and clasps the theme to her bosom, silent movie st She begins reading again, barely able to contain herself. With every sentence, she exclaims in ecstasy. Finally, sh can contain herself no more. She leaps to her feet, throw the theme into the air, and races to the blackboard. She writes Ralphie's name on the board in huge letters and fo this with: ,
8) 3) dialog: 
8) 5) dialog: (coming to) What? Oh, no, not now. Uh «..just turning in my theme. Ralphie backs out of the room grinning sheepishly at Miss Shields. Miss Shields looks after him quizzically.
8) 23) dialog: Run! It's Dillit! But it is too late. A face appears suddenly in the gap between two boards. It is a malevolent face. It is the face of meanness personified. It is the dreaded GROVER DILL. The MUSIC SHUDDERS appropriately.
9) 49) text: CAMERA ZOOMS IN on Ralphie's face, just as he is about to make an exclamation. CAMERA ZOOMS PAST his mouth just as he is forming The Word. Just at that moment, a TRUCK ROARS by and drowns out the sound. We.do not hear the word or see it spoken, but it is evident that Ralph has said The Word.
10) 15) dialog: It was... (CONTINUED)
10) 25) dialog: (breaking down) .--Soap Poisoning. Mother sinks down beside Father. They cling togéther.
12) 0) text: Snow and WIND HOWLS INT. SCHOOL - DAY. 49. It is Friday. The children are filing into class. Every third or fourth child pauses to give Miss Shields a little gift as is the custom. We see the booty piling up, mostly apples a few cupcakes, some cookies, a solitary flower. Suddenly a pineapple, a very large and particularly tropical looking pineapple is placed upon the desk. A pineapple in Hohman during the depression is a sight indeed. : Ralphie's face eases up through the foliage on top of the pineapple. He grins a grin about as subtle as “Oilcan Harry." Miss Shields looks at him. in amazement.
12) 1) dialog: I thought you might be getting tired of them same old stuff.
13) 38) dialog: I'll be right out, Mal Gee whizt :
13) 42) dialog: (frantic) . All RIGHT, Ma! Z'll be right gue! ~
13) 55) dialog: ‘Yeah!
16) 0) text: It is a raw, wind-whipped day. Cheery smoke pours out of every chimney except one, which belches out. black acrid puffs. CAMERA ZOOMS INTO the smoke. We hear The Old Man ROAR~ ING out his defiance of the villainous furnace. CAMERA PANS DOWN the house TO the front door. We see Ralphie and Raridy being hurried out by their anxious Mother.
16) 1) dialog: We see Ralphie pursued by the bowling ball which is his brother, Randy. They run down the walk and join Flick. They punch arms and then head out for school. EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS - THE BOYS, DILL - DAY 58. Ralph and the others move INTO VIEW. We see Grover Dill lounging about the ice-encrusted jungle gym.
17) 3) dialog: He virtually pants with anticipation, ignoring Flick. (CONTINUED)
23) 30) dialog: Ah.....uh.....uhhhhhh.
23) 32) dialog: Ehhhhrrrrr......
23) 34) dialog: Uhhhh....
23) 37) dialog: Yeah!
23) 47) dialog: (all in a rush semi-hysterically) No! No! I want an official Red Ryder, carbine-action Ewo-hundred- shot Range Model air rifle with a special sight and a compass in 4 stock with a sundial?! Santa looks in surprise at the absurd figure of Ralph clinging to the chute.
23) 53) dialog: -..-yeah.
23) 56) dialog: No.
24) 54) dialog: Hey!
24) 57) dialog: Squealer! (CONTINUED)
24) 78) text: ~106- CONTINUED 70. CAMERA MOVES in on Ralphie as he fantasizes. EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT 71. We see Santa Claus and the reindeer on a very fairy tale like snowcovered rooftop. He is being menaced by the same burglars from Ralphies first fantasy. Ralphie appears racing over the rooftops. He chases off the bandits with his trusty air rifle and is rewarded by Santa who piles present after present on top of Ralphie.
24) 81) dialog: Randy! Come on!
25) 0) text: We. see Ralphie and Randy creeping down the stairs. They stop and stare into the living room. CAMERA PULLS BACK to find great heaps of tissuey, crinkle sparkly, enigmatic packages under the tree, half-hidden amid the folds of a white bedsheet that looks, in the soft light, like some magic snowbank. Ralph and Randy stare in awe at the tree and the packages beneath it. .
25) 23) dialog: It's not supposed to fly, you nut. .
25) 25) dialog: It rolls. And beeps. i Randy, on his knees, begins pushing zeppelin, beeping fiendlishly, propellors clacking madly, across the living room rug.
25) 61) text: a RR REE SEES ES Si -113- oN 74. CONTINUED 74, The BB has ricocheted off the tin target and struck Ralphie on the cheek. Finally, snapping out of his daze, Ralph scrambles around in the snow for his glasses. He finds them at last.
25) 72) dialog: (brokenly) There was this icicle, and it fell, and it hit the gun, and then this: icicle.....the gun flew up....and it bounced up and....and it cut....and-I tried to. get out of the way but.....the icicle fell off the roof and hit the gun and it bounced up and hit me and...
25) 74) dialog: (beginning to cry harder) -e.seand it fell off the roof and I...... INT, BATHROOM ~ RALPH, MOTHER =~ DAY 75. Mother leads Ralph into the bathroom, wets washcloth in cold water, puts it on Ralph's cheek. Ralph still clutches BB gun to his chest.
25) 89) text: Mother is still cleaning Ralphie's wounds.
25) 101) text: -117- CONTINUED . 78. The’ Old: Man exits with flourish. CAMERA HOLDS on Mother Ralphie, and Randy. They stare.