1) 0) text: Graphic says Northern Indiana, ‘sometime in the 1940's. FADE UP TO FIND Hohman, a steel town squatting beside Lake Michigan; CAMERA PANS the city, then begins a SERIES OF CUTS to show ever more microcosmic views of Hohman. ‘The NARRATOR'S VOICE (JEAN SHEPHERD) fades up. We hear a MEDLEY OF CLASSIC CHRISTMAS CAROLS which form a striking contrast to the images. . RALPHIE, FLICK and SCHWARTZ run across a slag heap in foreground. RANDY. trails behind.
3) 57) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Randy and Ralphie down the hallway, . LOSING Randy and FOLLOWING Ralphie to the bathroom door. He barges in and we find The Old Man in the final strokes of shaving. de looks down at Ralphie. Ralphie cleverly puts the “Boy's Life" behind his back.
3) 74) text: CAMERA PANS with Ralphie from the bathroom to the kitchen. He and. Randy climb up to the table for breakfast. Randy stares at his food. Randy never eats.
3) 147) dialog: Ump! Um Um Ump! He is quite desperate by now.
3) 154) dialog: Ummmp! . Ump um_um! She begins the long, painful task of unwinding the scarf. Randy is quite frantic. Finally she gets the scarf off, and parts the hood, exposing Randy's face. We hear what he was saying.
3) 155) dialog: (continuing; tearfully) I can't put my arms down. Mother stands back and appraises the situation. Sure enough, Randy can't put his arms down. Mother steps forward and forces Randy's asms down to his side. As soon aS she steps away, however, they spring back. Randy whimpers. Mother steps forward and tries again. Up they spring again.
4) 0) text: Outside the door. We see Randy and Ralphie leaning into -the fierce wind. The door clangs shut.
4) 9) text: Ralphie sees his friend FLICK and runs. toward him. Randy struggles after, the perpetual kid brother.
6) 130) dialog: (whining) Aww...gee...awwwww.
6) 133) dialog: AWWW... +s Randy begins to shape mashed potatoes into the configuration of a football.
6) 135) dialog: AWWWW. eae
6) 148) dialog: (in a whining sing-song) Meatloaf, smeetloaf, double beetloaf.... Randy fidgets, stirs milk with finger, pushes food from one side of plate to the other, now arranging red cabbage in an artistic circle around his cold, congealing slice of meatloaf.
6) 160) dialog: (tentatively) Oink?
8) 16) dialog: Wait up! Come on, you guys. Awwww... I'm gonna tell Ma. Wait up! Ralph and the others ignore him, moving in a sort of purposeless ramble, slowly working their way home, kicking at cans; Schwartz hurls a rock languidly at a telephone pole insulator, not even bothering to turn and see if it hits.. Obviously, they do this every day. They are passing before a wooden fence. The old familiar MUSIC creeps up, very faintly. Ralph drags a stick across the pickets, making a rasping sound. CAMERA PANS DOWN the fence. We see the familiar brogans matching Ralphie's stride-for-stride. The boys are oblivious to the menace. Such unwariness does not go unpunished in the jungles of boyhood. . CAMERA CUTS BACK AND FORTH from the boys to the presenc stalking them on the other side of the fence. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: ‘Ralph, Randy and The 01a Man stand waiting impatiently in the hallway.
10) 8) dialog: looking horrified, peering out from under the dining room table. Mother leads Ralph to the kitchen table. Ralph sits bravely at table.
23) 0) text: We PULL BACK from the real Santa's laughing face to TAKE IN the full scope of Higbee's Department Store. We see milling crowds of blue-jowled, agate- eyed, foundry workers, grey-faced refinery men, motley hordes of open hearth, slag heap, Bessemer converter, tin mill, coke plant and welding shop fugitives trudg- ing through the wildly pulsing store, through floor after floor of shiny, beautiful, unattainable treasures, trailed by millions of leatherette-jacketed, high- topped, mufflered kids. Worried-looking, flush-faced mothers wearing frayed cloth coats with ratty fox-fur collars, their hands chapped and raw from years of dishwater therapy, ride herd on the surging mob, ranging far and wide into the aisles and under the ' counters; cuffing, slapping, dragging whiners of all sizes from department to department. Ralph, Randy, Mother and Father are carried forward by the waves of maddened shoppers. They pause by a coun-_ ter, confer briefly, heads together. We do not hear what is being said, but then Mother and Father go off in the direction of the Men's Department. CAMERA STAYS with Ralph and Randy as they get on the end of a long line of nervous, fidgeting, greedy urchins waiting to see Santa Claus.
23) 12) text: -96- CONTINUED 66. Behind Ralph and Randy a skinny seven-year-old girl wearing a brown stocking cap and gold-rimmed glasses -hits her little brother steadily to keep him in line. He is wearing an aviator's helmet with goggles pulled down over his eyes. His galoshes are open and his maroon corduroy knickers are damp. Behind them, a fat boy in a huge sheepskin coat stands numbly, his eyes watering in vague fear, his nose red and running. CAMERA TAKES IN long line, an uneven procession of stocking caps, mufflers, mittens and earmuffs inch- ing painfully forward, while in the hazy distance, in his magic glowing cave, SANTA CLAUS waits to sit each in turn on his broad red knee. Over the ser- pentine line roars a great sea-of sound: TINKLING
24) 52) dialog: I wanta see Santa I wanta see Santa. Randy dashes to the window.
24) 53) dialog: I was good all year Santa! Ralphie said bad. words twice and I never said any.
24) 56) dialog: But Ralphie didn't mean nothin' Santa.
25) 0) text: We. see Ralphie and Randy creeping down the stairs. They stop and stare into the living room. CAMERA PULLS BACK to find great heaps of tissuey, crinkle sparkly, enigmatic packages under the tree, half-hidden amid the folds of a white bedsheet that looks, in the soft light, like some magic snowbank. Ralph and Randy stare in awe at the tree and the packages beneath it. .
25) 14) dialog: Wow! A zeppélin! Whee! Whoopee! Wow! (CONTINUED )
25) 24) dialog: Ahhhh. What good is a zeppelin that don't fly?
25) 101) text: -117- CONTINUED . 78. The’ Old: Man exits with flourish. CAMERA HOLDS on Mother Ralphie, and Randy. They stare.