2) 8) text: a 6. CONTINUED : atl From fluffy cotton clouds above, Dionne quintuplet ° dolls wearing plaid golf knickers hang from billowing parachutes, having just bailed out of a high-flying balsawood Fokker triplane.. All in all, Santa's workshop makes Salvador Dali look like Norman Rockwell.
22) 0) text: We see an EXTREME CLOSEUP of a huge Santa's head. It appears to be bobbing along. in the air. CAMERA PULLS BACK and we realize that what we have been see- ing was a huge rubber Santa. We now realize we are seeing the Hohman Christmas Parade. CAMERA PANS AND ZOOMS TO Ralph and the family watching the parade flow by. Jingle Bells fills the air.
22) 3) text: ~94- 65. CONTINUED 65. CAMERA PANS OFF the parade as the last Shriners march past and TILTS UP to see the huge Santa and reindeer above the gold-plated Higbee's Department Store. sign.
23) 0) text: We PULL BACK from the real Santa's laughing face to TAKE IN the full scope of Higbee's Department Store. We see milling crowds of blue-jowled, agate- eyed, foundry workers, grey-faced refinery men, motley hordes of open hearth, slag heap, Bessemer converter, tin mill, coke plant and welding shop fugitives trudg- ing through the wildly pulsing store, through floor after floor of shiny, beautiful, unattainable treasures, trailed by millions of leatherette-jacketed, high- topped, mufflered kids. Worried-looking, flush-faced mothers wearing frayed cloth coats with ratty fox-fur collars, their hands chapped and raw from years of dishwater therapy, ride herd on the surging mob, ranging far and wide into the aisles and under the ' counters; cuffing, slapping, dragging whiners of all sizes from department to department. Ralph, Randy, Mother and Father are carried forward by the waves of maddened shoppers. They pause by a coun-_ ter, confer briefly, heads together. We do not hear what is being said, but then Mother and Father go off in the direction of the Men's Department. CAMERA STAYS with Ralph and Randy as they get on the end of a long line of nervous, fidgeting, greedy urchins waiting to see Santa Claus.
23) 12) text: -96- CONTINUED 66. Behind Ralph and Randy a skinny seven-year-old girl wearing a brown stocking cap and gold-rimmed glasses -hits her little brother steadily to keep him in line. He is wearing an aviator's helmet with goggles pulled down over his eyes. His galoshes are open and his maroon corduroy knickers are damp. Behind them, a fat boy in a huge sheepskin coat stands numbly, his eyes watering in vague fear, his nose red and running. CAMERA TAKES IN long line, an uneven procession of stocking caps, mufflers, mittens and earmuffs inch- ing painfully forward, while in the hazy distance, in his magic glowing cave, SANTA CLAUS waits to sit each in turn on his broad red knee. Over the ser- pentine line roars a great sea-of sound: TINKLING
23) 20) text: We see his brother's tiny yellow and brown stocking cap as it bobs on Santa's lap what seems miles above the floor. We hear a thin, high trailing wail. Suddenly the abyss opens before Ralph.
23) 23) dialog: And what's your name, little oy?
23) 29) text: -98- 66. Ralph quails as Santa reaches down and neatly hooks his- sheepskin collar, swooping him upward. Ralph sits on Santa's huge knee, looking down and out over the endless expanse of Toyland and down to the tiny figures that wind off into the distance.
23) 31) dialog: That's a fine name, little boy! Ho-ho-ho! And what do_ you want for ¢ stmas, Little boy? Ralph stares straight ahead in mindless panic. His mouth opens, snaps shut convulsively, open again with a feeble croak.
23) 35) dialog: Wouldn't you like a nice football? "
23) 38) dialog: Ho=ho-ho!
23) 46) text: , CONTINUED’ 66. Ralph is being slid off Santa's knee and deposited in the red chute for his slide to the ground floor. Just as he begins to slide he comes to and, struggling frantically, claws his way back up to the lip of the chute and thrusts his face up over it desperately.
23) 48) dialog: Ho-horho! You'll shoot your eye out, kid.  Ho-ho=ho. Merry, Christmas: Santa reaches out gently with his boot and gives Ralph a little shove. We hear this "NOQ000000" ECHO as he disappears.
23) 59) dialog: Merry Christmas. Ho-ho-ho!
24) 78) text: ~106- CONTINUED 70. CAMERA MOVES in on Ralphie as he fantasizes. EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT 71. We see Santa Claus and the reindeer on a very fairy tale like snowcovered rooftop. He is being menaced by the same burglars from Ralphies first fantasy. Ralphie appears racing over the rooftops. He chases off the bandits with his trusty air rifle and is rewarded by Santa who piles present after present on top of Ralphie.