3) 0) text: Still screaming -- Julie jumps back, seemingly knocked ou chair. She fights the unseen demon. Sitting beside her, Julie's friend WILL BENSON reacts. He looking kid in a shy, humble kind of way. And he tries to but she's too busy turning ten shades of red. The PROFESSOR lowers his glasses, makes it even worse.
14) 0) text: is packed and thumping. Karla is dancing her way through Tyrell and Julie follow behind her. Karla sees Will. He's dressed up and nervous. She smiles. KARLA (cont'd) Whaddayou know? Will Benson lookin' fine.
29) 12) text: The passenger door opens and Will Benson steps hesitantly Jeep.
86) 11) text: Her voice is low and urgent, an impromptu confessional. JULIE (cont'd) Two summers ago. We lied to the authorities. We hit Ben Willis with our car. Ray, me, Barry, and Helen ...We threw the body in the water to cover it up --
93) 19) text: Julie shouts into the darkness. JULIE (cont'd) You want me, Ben Willis? Come and get me. I'm right here.
100) 0) text: Julie, Karla, and Nancy run into the lobby. The storm is outside the front doors. They pause for a second. Behind them we hear the rapid TH of Ben's boots. Nancy goes straight to a desk and pulls out a flashlight. to the main staircase.
101) 0) text: The women run up the stairs. Behind them, we hear Ben's F echoing.
103) 3) text: From below comes LAUGHTER. There's a tug on the hatch, cr open. The girls pull it back shut, but it's hard to get a There's more tugging, the hatch bending down; they can se the rope SNAPS. The hatch slams shut.
105) 1) text: Karla and Julie follow her precarious progress. Ben climbs off the ladder to a beam. He watches them leap beam. His hook glints in the light. Julie, Karla, and Nancy move toward the cathedral window. They are cut off. They spread out against the wall lookin opening to get back to the hatch. Ben feints toward Nancy then swipes at Julie -- He misses. She leaps away. She looks down. Instead of ins sees a
105) 3) dialog: (re: the mirror) You'd be amazed by what you'd see. My wife with every man on the island, for example. (to Julie) And you, sexy...I loved watching you.
105) 5) text: Ben suddenly whirls and lunges at Karla. He grabs her, bu lose their balance, teetering for a moment on one of the falling -- They CRASH through the mirror --
106) 0) text: Karla and Ben hit the bed in a rain of glass. Karla bounces to her feet and dives out of the way as Ben hook.
110) 0) text: Karla keeps a wary eye on Ben as she gingerly backs up on The GLASS begins CRACKING, subtle crack lines splintering footsteps. Ben lunges and swipes at her with his hook. Karla leans away from the attack and loses her balance, s her back on the glass. She lifts her head. Starts to move...CRACK. The glass is beneath her. She looks through the glass.
112) 2) text: Ben turns and looks up at Nancy and Julie. Then, he sprin balcony. Julie and Nancy duck back into the attic.
113) 0) text: Julie and Nancy climb down into the hallway. They are cau expecting Ben at every turn.
118) 0) text: Ben closes fast, slicing the tops off orchids as he goes. bud on the tip of his hook. Karla pounds on the door.
118) 11) text: Julie hammers the door with the axe. Wood splinters. Glas Ben is almost on top of Karla now. Julie swings. The axe breaks the glass, pulls the frame o drops the axe. They grab Karla. Pull her through. Ben swings. The hook rips Karla's shoe, but Julie and Nan through. Julie and Ben are face to face. Julie has the axe in her stares him down.
118) 13) text: Ben rips off his hook, eyeing Julie.
118) 15) text: They flee. Ben tries the door, realizes it had locked beh can't fit through the circular window. He throws his shou the door. And again. And again. The door frame starts to give --
127) 10) text: Ben tries to free his hook hand. Karla looks up at him. H his foot onto Estes's back and steps down with all of his driving
129) 3) text: He shoves her. She falls backward into the arms of Ben Wi WILL (cont'd) Hi, Dad.
129) 4) text: Julie WAILS, struggling wildly in Ben's grasp.
129) 6) dialog: That's my boy.
129) 7) text: Ben holds her back to look at her. He throws back the hoo slicker. We see his face clearly for the first time.
129) 9) text: Ben pulls off his hook and strokes Julie's cheek with his
129) 10) dialog: Shush, now. No more screaming...No more running. Time to die. RAY (v.o.) Let go of her! Now!
129) 11) text: Ben and Will spin to see
129) 14) dialog: What're you gonna do, boy? Call us names?
129) 16) text: Ray raises the .38 caliber handgun. He COCKS the hammer. Ben doesn't let go of Julie. Lightning fast, he slaps his and gets the point to Julie's neck.
129) 17) dialog: Think about it, boy. You're no killer. (beat) That's my job.
129) 18) text: Ray hesitates, his finger on the trigger. He does look sc Ben takes a step toward Ray. Then another, pushing Julie him. Will moves closer, too.
129) 21) dialog: You don't have it in you.
129) 22) text: Suddenly, Will dives for Ray. Ray gets a shot off, taggin shoulder. The gun goes flying. Julie spins and hits Ben in the face. He knocks her into grave...Mud begins to slide in on her. She tries to scram Will and Ray wrestle, punching each other repeatedly in t Will has Ray down and his hands around his kneck. He look eye.
129) 25) text: Ben charges toward Ray's back. He pulls back the hook for slashing -- At the last second, Ray dips, elbows Will.
129) 27) dialog: Gonna blind you first.
129) 32) text: BLAM. BLAM. BLAM. She empties the gun into Ben, who flies into Julie's grave. As he tumbles, Ben releases the dirt stacked beside the g
129) 34) dialog: You can't kill me.
129) 35) text: His face is completely covered. His mouth still moving. BEN (cont'd) I'll always be with you.