0) 1) dialog: ...-Michael. Dear, Michael. Nurse Michael. Dr. Clayton. Secret Hero. Keeper of the Hidden Sins. Of course it’s you. Who else could they send? Who else could be trusted? Smoke on the horizon -- hole in the bucket -- voices crying from Milwaukee to Manhattan, “Where’s our hero?” “Where’s our Cleanser Of The Hidden Sins?” And here you are, sleeves rolled up, lips sealed -- broom -- dustbin -- bankroll at the ready! Fifties, is it still fifties? When you came to Boston, you remember? God, you must’ve had a thousand of them! The cash -- the smile -- the quiet word in the corner -- of course it’s you, Michael, who else could it ever be? But Michael, please, before you sweep, please just hear me out -- just try -- because it’s not like Boston -- it’s not an episode -- relapse -- fuck up -- I’m begging you, Michael, make believe it’s not just madness, because it’s not just madness -- (continuing, as--)
1) 4) dialog: -- but that’s just the package -- the plate -- think of it as a tax -- The Mania Tax -- The Insanity Tax -- or like advertising on TV -- it’s the freight -- the weight -- it’s the price of the show -- A LONG, DARK CORRIDOR. A CLEANING CREW IN THE DISTANCE.
1) 5) dialog: -- just please, just hear me out, Michael, because I swear to you, this is so much, so very much more, than the ravings of some hypo-maniacal, bipolar attorney --
1) 8) dialog: -- Two weeks ago I came out of the building -- I’m running across Sixth Avenue -- there’s a car waiting -- I have exactly thirty-eight minutes to get to Laguardia,and I’m dictating -- there’s this frantic associate running to keep up --
1) 11) dialog: -- we’‘re in the middle of the street -- the light changes -- the traffic -- unleashed -- it’s coming -- serious traffic -- but there I am -- I’m babbling -- my mouth -- I can’t stop -- some ridiculous, involuntary part of my brain just keeps going -- I’m standing there dictating this trade secret, Motion to Suppress... AN OFFICE PHONE. TWELVE LINES BLINKING IN THE DARK.
1) 12) dialog: ...and there, Michael, in the middle of Sixth Avenue -- as I stood there jabbering -- and this poor young woman is screaming -- traffic speeding toward us -- I looked at my hands and my suit -- my briefcase -- and it came to me -- came over me -- through me -- the overwhelming sensation -- the feeling -- the fact -- that I was covered with some sort of film -- an oil -- an ooze -- my hair -- my face -- like a glaze -- a coating -- and at first I thought, “My God, I know what this is, this is some sort of amniotic, embryonic fluid -
1) 16) dialog: -- but the traffic -- this stampede -- cars -- trucks -- the horns -- the screaming associate -- I’m thinking, “No -- reset -- this cannot be rebirth. If anything, this must some giddy illusion of renewal that happens in the final instant before death.” --
1) 18) dialog: -- and then -- in the fraction of a moment it took for that idea to form -- I realized all of that was wrong, because I looked back at the building and had the most stunning moment of clarity...
1) 22) dialog: ...I realized, Michael, at that moment, that I had emerged -- as I have done nearly every day for the past twenty- eight years of my life -- not through doors of Kenner, Bach & Ledeen --
1) 25) dialog: -- not through the portals of our huge and powerful law firm, but rather from the asshole of an organism whose sole function is to excrete the poison -- the ammo -- the defoliant -- necessary for even larger and more dangerous organisms to destroy the miracle of humanity --
1) 28) dialog: -- and that I have been coated with this patina of shit for the better part of my life and that the stink and stain might in all likelihood take the rest of my days to undo --
1) 32) dialog: And, Michael, the time is now.
2) 0) text: The big room. Bright. Teeming. FORTY PEOPLE jamming an all-night deadline: ATTORNEYS -- PARTNERS AND ASSOCIATES PARALEGALS -- ASSISTANTS -- ACCOUNTANTS -- working groups bunkered around a huge table covered with paperwork and laptops and coffee mugs. Several document “villages” pile around the room. The credits have wrapped. Arthur Edens h stopped talking. And if there’s music, that’s stopped too
4) 1) dialog: ...even this, Michael -- even now -- that you’re here -- there’s a reason, a reason it’s you -- every reason -- surely you can sense that -- how it pulls together -- how it gathers -- Nurse Michael -- Secret Hero -- Keeper of the Hidden Sins -- tell me you can see that, Michael, for God’s sake...
32) 1) dialog: ...even this, Michael -- even now -- that you’re here -- there’s a reason, a reason it’s you -- every reason -- surely you can sense that -- how it pulls together -- how it gathers -- Nurse Michael -- Secret Hero -- Keeper of the Hidden Sins -- tell me you can see that, Michael, for God’s sake... (continuing, as--)
33) 1) dialog: ...and yes -- I mean, okay, the nudity -- the parking lot -- I admit it -- mistake! It was wrong. It was lame. It was obvious. And frankly, for me, (MORE )
33) 2) text: 31 ARTHUR EDENS (V.0.) (cont'd) therapeutically, it was useless, because Michael, I swear, if I stood there and peeled off my fucking skin I couldn’t get down to where this thing is living... A LUXURY VAN whipping up to the entrance. KAREN and her t assistants, MAUDE and TODD, exiting the vehicle. This a well-practiced, military drill: MAUDE rushing for an assa on the front desk. TODD flanking with the luggage and gea
33) 3) dialog: ...Six years, Michael! Six years I’ve absorbed this poison! Six years -- four hundred depositions -- a hundred motions -- five changes of venue -- eighty-four thousand documents in discovery! KAREN wasting not a moment, working a cell phone and a ca sheet -- a tightened jaw her only surrender to the urgenc and crisis of the moment --
33) 4) dialog: ...Six years I’ve steered this beast, Michael -- six years of stalling and screaming and scheming and...
34) 0) text: A shabby, ugly pisshole. Two chairs. No air. ARTHUR EDENS in the flesh. Late fifties. Brilliance and grace amidst t manic shambles.
34) 1) dialog: Look at me, Michael. Twelve percent of my life has been spent protecting the reputation of a deadly weedkiller!
34) 3) dialog: (oblivious) -- one night, right? -- I look up and Marty’s standing in my office with a bottle of champagne --
34) 5) dialog: -- I know, just let me -- just -- (he simply can’t stop) -- he tells me we’ve just hit thirty- thousand billable hours on U/North and he wants to celebrate. An hour later, I’m in a whorehouse in Chelsea and two Lithuanian redheads are taking turns sucking my dick. I’m laying there, I’m trying not to come, I’m trying to make it last, right? So I start doing the math -- thirty thousand hours -- what is that? -- twenty-four times thirty -- seven-hundred twenty hours in a month -- eight-thousand- seven-hundred and sixty hours per year...
34) 7) dialog: Wait!
34) 10) dialog: Is that it, Michael? (edgy suddenly) Is that my grail? Two Lithuanian mouths on my cock? Is that the correct answer to the multiple choice of me? MICHAEL grabs him -- hard -- pulling him close --
34) 12) dialog: Sue me. CRACK! -- MICHAEL startled -- behind him -- A MILWAUKEE J GUARD rapping on the bars --
34) 15) dialog: (whispering now) They killed these people, Michael. Little farms. Family farms. This girl, Anna, did you see her?
34) 17) dialog: You need to see her. Talk to her. She’s a miracle. She’s is God’s perfect creature. And for fifty million dollars in fees I have spent twelve percent of my life destroying perfect Anna and her dead parents and her dying brother. MICHAEL pulls a prescription bottle from his pocket --
34) 19) dialog: No. I’m not losing this. (backing away) Everything is finally significant. The world is radiant and beautiful and you want me to trade that for this?
34) 21) dialog: I have blood on my hands. 34
34) 23) dialog: I’m an accomplice.
34) 25) dialog: I’m Shiva the God of death.
35) 0) text: VIDEO FOOTAGE. Deposition in progress. Drab room. Drab vibe. HALF-A-DOZEN ATTORNEYS on either side of a table. Perhaps we glimpse a face or two, but the camera’s angle set to feature the witness -- ANNA KYSURSEN is twenty-thr years old. Big. And blonde. Cream skinned. Ripe. Open. Plain. Arthur’s dairy madonna.
35) 12) dialog: ANNA, I’M SORRY! I LOVE YOU! I'M SORRY! I’M SO VERY VERY SORRY! For a moment there’s this weird paralyzed silence -- ever too stunned to react -- everyone except for ARTHUR -- he’ standing and we’re sort of seeing him from the back -- se him rip his shirt away from his body and -- ANOTHER LAWYER’S VOICE -- what the hell is he? -- what’re you doing? --
35) 15) dialog: I LOVE YOU, ANNA! AND I’M SORRY! I’M SO VERY VERY SORRY! I LOVE YOU! Instant chaos -- motion -- VOICES YELLING -- THE CAMERA JOSTLED -- someone’s throwing a punch -- ARTHUR still stripping and struggling and begging for forgiveness, and then, suddenly, it all goes black as we REVERSE TO -- 36 INT. KAREN’S MILWAUKEE HOTEL SUITE ~~ NIGHT KAREN staring at a blank VIDEO MONITOR.
37) 0) text: TWO GUARDS processing ARTHUR out of his cell.
39) 0) text: ARTHUR smiling -- beaming -- as THE GUARDS process him ou
40) 0) text: MICHAEL all smiles as A YOUNG PROSECUTOR arrives. She’s g Arthur’s paperwork, MICHAEL turning on the charm, getting to smile as --
40) 5) text: 38 MICHAEL, TWO MILWAUKEE POLICEMEN and ELSTON leading a smi ARTHUR out of the building -- toward/into the snow and a waiting MILWAUKEE POLICE CRUISER.
41) 20) dialog: (thick with thorazine) I think so. Like a special dream.
41) 22) dialog: That they’ve been summoned. HENRY IN HIS LOFT BED. On the phone. Past his bedtime.
42) 0) text: ARTHUR EDENS alone in a dark hotel room bed. Doped up.
42) 1) dialog: Do they know? Do they know they’re all having the same dream?
42) 3) dialog: But they’re not crazy, are they? INT. HENRY CLAYTON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
42) 5) dialog: It is happening, isn’t it? Something larger than themselves, they’re just not ready, are they, to hear it --”
43) 1) dialog: (frantic suddenly) -- Hello... Hello? -- (he can hear them arguing in the BG--)
43) 3) dialog: -- wait! -- the book -- I need the book -- the title -- and you, I don’t know your name...
43) 5) dialog: (fumbling for a pen) Realm and Conquest.
43) 7) dialog: Thank you, Henry. Thank you. (dial tone) Thank you. (silence) Thank you. 42
47) 2) dialog: (voice from the bed) Did you see her?
47) 4) dialog: Anna. ARTHUR bleary and soporific. Beached there.
47) 6) dialog: We need her. MICHAEL nods. Barely listening. Kicking off his shoes.
47) 7) dialog: Marty. Even then. The rest of them. They won’t understand.
47) 9) dialog: No. They’re lost. They have what they want.
47) 11) dialog: (loud and clear) Is this what you wanted? ARTHUR there in the half-light. Sitting up. Defying the medication. Sheer will.
47) 12) dialog: Be a janitor? Live like this? Do this? What you do... MICHAEL caught off-guard. Not prepared for clarity.
47) 13) dialog: It can’t be. That I know this. The burden. That’s what I’m telling you. (weakening) How it feels. That I know... (going fast) That we’ve been summoned... MICHAEL not sure what to say, or if there’s even anybody listening, because ARTHUR is already sloping back into th pillows; already drifting back under the medication’s gravitational pull and... MICHAEL alone now. Standing there at the window. Shaken. INT. KAREN’S MILWAUKEE HOTEL SUITE ~~ NIGHT ARTHUR EDEN’S BRIEFCASE. Bathed in the light of a hotel desk lamp. The initials A.D.E. embossed in the worn, old leather. THE CAMERA MOVING across the desk, as we hear th sound of a PHONE RINGING THROUGH THE LINE and --
48) 5) text: 49 MICHAEL (cont'd) (banging on it now--) Open the goddam door, Arthur! (harder)
48) 6) dialog: Because suddenly, the anger has transformed into fear -- he’s trying the door again -- really trying it --
50) 0) text: Window open. Curtain wafting in the wind. ARTHUR is gone.
51) 10) text: A SILVER FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH. Young Arthur Edens with his wife and baby daughter. Some faded happy moment. This one of several very traditional items, on a very traditional desk. In fact the whole place is almost disturbingly repressed. The only thing out of place are the dozens of document boxes piled at the center of the room. MARTY and BARRY GRISSOM digging through all of it. Like they've been at it a while.
52) 0) text: ARTHUR walking. Bathing in the miracle of it all. His eye seem locked open, gathering stimuli faster than the speed light. Every moment -- every beatific instant -- has a purpose. Everything is fuel for the significance turbine spinning inside him. Passing into the night, as -- THE CAMERA FINDS -- VERNE fifty yards behind ARTHUR. fTai him. Looking like just another nightcrawler doing the cel phone walk-and-talk --
53) 0) text: Clean, slick bachelor decor. MICHAEL with a towel wrapped his waist, sits at the edge of the bed, speed dialing a mobile phone. The sheets with an apres-sex chaos about th ARTHUR’S VOICE (his answering machine) “You've reached Arthur. If you wish to leave a message, please do so after the tone.” MICHAEL hangs up before the beep.
55) 0) text: ARTHUR marching through the night. Same glorious smile. Just another madman loose in Manhattan.
56) 0) text: A DIGITAL CAMERA LCD SCREEN. THE IMAGE -- an overhead sho of a coffee table cluttered with magazines, newspapers an junk mail. THE DIGITAL CAMERA is sitting on THE ACTUAL COFFEE TABLE. IKER, wearing gloves and a hair net, is very precisely an quickly searching through the debris. A consummate professional at work. As he proceeds, he keeps checking t camera image to make sure every object is returned to its original position. This is raw space. A box. High ceilings. Industrial windows along one wall. Half-assed groupings of furniture define the space: Bed and dresser, desk and computer, 58 bathroom and closets framed out along the far walls. The decor is odd. Half the stuff is clearly from a previo life; Eastside antiques, proper rugs, generic oil landsca piled carelessly around. Above all this, the clutter of Arthur’s recent manic acquisitions -- books, papers, foun objects, curios -- as if a layer of madness were blanketi the landscape of his old life. IKER MOVING THROUGH THE LOFT -- eyes scanning -- barely reacting as -- THE PHONE RINGS -- and he begins to hear: ARTHUR’S VOICE (on the answering machine) “If you wish to leave a message, please do so after the tone.” (beep, and then--)
59) 0) text: ARTHUR walking. VERNE somewhere back there -- 59
61) 4) text: ARTHUR walking through the neon canyon. Bathing in the miracle of it all. His eyes seem locked open, gathering stimuli faster than the speed of light. Every moment -- every beatific instant -- has a purpose. Everything is fu for the significance turbine spinning inside him. He slow his pace, hesitates for a moment and --
62) 2) dialog: Is Anna there?
64) 2) dialog: Anna? Hi. It’s Arthur...
64) 4) dialog: Did you sleep?
65) 0) text: ARTHUR pacing with the phone --
65) 1) dialog: Did you think about what we said?
65) 3) dialog: You didn’t tell anybody, did you?
65) 6) dialog: Because I meant what I said.
65) 8) dialog: I don’t know. I’m crazy, right?
65) 10) dialog: Does it matter, Anna? I mean, really? Isn’t it? Isn’t that what you wait for?... ANNA smiles. No one’s ever spoken to her like this before
65) 11) dialog: ...To find someone, and they’re like a lens and suddenly you’re looking through them and everything’s changed. Nothing can ever be the same again... (he’s rattling on, but--)
65) 16) text: Silence. VERNE and IKER listening to the continuing conversation over headphones. AUDIO LIGHTS on the equipme rising and falling as Arthur and Anna keep talking.
72) 0) text: ARTHUR walking away.
72) 2) dialog: Whoaa... (almost losing his loaves--) Michael. Jesus. You scared me.
72) 4) dialog: No... (smiling) Very funny. Nothing like that... (as if it were all completely natural and needed no further explanation--) Have one...go on...really... (offering) It’s still warm. Best bread I’ve ever had in my life. MICHAEL suddenly holding warm French bread.
72) 6) dialog: I know. The hotel. I’m sorry. I was getting a little overwhelmed.
72) 8) dialog: Yes. Definitely. Much better.
72) 10) dialog: I wanted to organize my thoughts. Before I called. That’s what I’ve been doing.
72) 12) dialog: Good. Very good. I just... (fighting the flood) I need to be more precise. That's (MORE)
72) 13) text: 71 ARTHUR (cont'd) my goal. (he smiles) Speak softly and carry a big baguette. There’s a beat. Their history rushing in around them.
72) 15) dialog: No. You’re wrong. What feels so good is not knowing where it goes.
72) 17) dialog: I hear everything.
72) 19) dialog: I said I was sorry.
72) 21) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
72) 24) dialog: How can you know that?
72) 26) dialog: How _do_ you know who I call?
72) 28) dialog: 
72) 31) dialog: How does he know?
72) 33) dialog: You’re tapping my phones.
72) 35) dialog: Explain it! Explain how Marty knows.
72) 37) dialog: She wouldn’t do that. I know that.
72) 39) text: 73 MICHAEL (cont'd) here. You need to stop and think this through. I will help you think this through. I will find someone to help you think his through. Don’t do this. You’re gonna make it easy for them. ARTHUR draws himself up. We saw a glimpse of this in Milwaukee. The teeth. The shark beneath the breadloaves.
72) 40) dialog: I have great affection for you, Michael, and you lead a very rich and interesting life, but you’re a bagman not an attorney. If your intention was to have me committed, you should've kept me in Wisconsin where the arrest record, videotape, and eyewitness accounts of my inappropriate behavior had jurisdictional relevance. I have no criminal record in the State of New York and the crucial determining criteria for involuntary commitment is danger: “Is the defendant a danger to himself or others.” You think you’ve got the horses for that? Good luck and God bless. But I’11 tell you this, the last place you want to see me is in court. ARTHUR muscles up his bread. He’s leaving.
72) 42) dialog: Then who are you? And he’s walking. MICHAEL almost calling after him. Then not. Then nothing. Standing on the sidewalk with a baguet in his hand and a great variety of failures arranging themselves around his heart.
77) 1) dialog: Here it is. Covered in sequins. A hidden gem, rescued from the vaults... (continuing, as--)
78) 0) text: ARTHUR in mid-broadcast. Talking into the receiver of his phone as if it he were a DJ in the midst of a broadcast. his hand, U/NORTH MEMO #229. And as the pre-recorded U/NO MUSIC blasts from the stereo --
78) 1) dialog: +.-One of our all time favorites -- an underground hit that we think is finally ready for it’s day in the sunshine. Without further ado... United-Northfield's Culcitate Internal Research Memorandum #229....
79) 1) dialog: (reading it) ..-Conclusion. The unanticipated market growth for Culcitate by small farms in colder climates demands further cost-benefit analysis. In-house field studies have indicated the possibility that smaller, short- season farms with poor drainage, dependent on well-water for human consumption are at risk for potentially toxic particulate concentrations...
79) 2) text: Emergency. Arthur’s reading of the memo has spiked the urgency level in here by a thousand percent. IKER working the console. VERNE speed-dialing a cell phone, as -- 76
79) 3) dialog: ...-Culcitate's great market advantage, that it is tasteless, colorless and does not precipitate, has the potential to mask and intensify any possible exposures. Further studies and cost/benefit analyses need to concentrate in these eritical follow-up areas.... INT. KAREN’S HILTON HOTEL ROOM -~ NIGHT THE PHONE RINGING as the door opens. KAREN juggling her paperwork and sweat clothes, rushing to grab it, as we he
79) 4) dialog: ..-Chemical modification of the Culcitate product -- the addition of a detector molecule, such as an odorant or colorant -- would require a top down retooling of the Culcitate manufacturing process...
80) 1) dialog: ...-These cost while assumed to be significant were not the subject of the study summarized here.. VERNE standing beside her. It’s his Walkman. He brought t tape. Waiting for her to finish listening.
80) 2) dialog: ..-Clearly the release of these internal research documents would compromise the effective marketing of Culcitate and must be kept within the protective confines of United Northfield's secret language. And it’s done. KAREN takes off the headphones. Hands them back to VERNE. She’s dazed. She looks ill.
84) 0) text: ARTHUR heading out -- pulling on his coat -- heading for door -- checking for keys -- there -- grabbing them off t side table, as he opens the door and --
103) 12) text: Two a.m. Dark and quiet. EXT. ARTHUR’S BUILDING/FRONT DOOR -- NIGHT
104) 1) text: THE DOOR TO ARTHUR EDEN’S LOFT. It’s a mess. The metal frame is bent and splintered where the cops beat their wa in. The original lock has been destroyed and replaced by a short length of chain-link held to a padlock that’s bee screwed into the wall. A SEAL -- “Crime Scene Do Not Ente -- plastered like a big bandaid across the door and frame MICHAEL standing there. Listening to the silence. In his hand, the seal he took from Gene. Framing it -- making su he’1l be able to replace it perfectly. He will. Now he’s pulling the crowbar and -- 96
105) 1) text: As a light comes on in Arthur’s loft.
107) 0) text: MICHAEL at the threshold. Knowing this is where it happen Creeped out. Turning away and -- There on the floor. Arthur’s coat. MICHAEL kneeling to pick up the coat. Stopping suddenly. Something much more interesting there beside it -- “REALM AND CONQUEST” Book One. The red cover. MICHAEL just stunned. Stalled. Confused. 97 CLOSE-UP -- THE BOOK as he begins to flip the pages. And we've never seen the text before. There are illustrations at the start of every chapter. Line drawings depicting th dramatic high points of an epic quest. Chapter One: The Avian Warriors. Chapter Two: Exile of The Deserters. Chapter Three: Summons To Conquest. Arthur has clearly read these first three chapters. Whole passages are underlined. Notes scrawled here and there in the margins. Pages folded back. And then -- A BOOKMARK falls out. Fluttering down to the floor. MICHAEL reaches down to pick it up. CLOSE-UP -- THE BOOKMARK. It’s a receipt. “COPY MASTERS -- YOUR ONE STOP FOR COPIES” MICHAEL staring at the receipt. Then the book. Then the receipt. Then --
113) 0) text: ANOTHER RED BOOKLET. This one in MICHAEL’S HAND. This one in motion because he’s walking and -- WE’RE TRACKING WITH HIM Power central. Normally it’s quiet and subdued up here, b the combination of Arthur’s death the night before and th sudden paroxysm of activity on the U/North settlement see to have drawn a crowd. MICHAEL heading briskly for the central reception atrium, passing ATTORNEYS and SUPPORT S clustered along the way. There’s A WEEPY GROUP bunched ne Arthur’s office and --
113) 22) text: What would they do, though, if they thought Arthur was gonna go public?
166) 1) dialog: Michael. Look at me, Michael. Look at me and make believe. Make believe it’s not just madness. Because it’s not just madness... TAIL CREDITS begin --
166) 2) dialog: ...I mean, yes -- okay, yes -- elements of madness -- the speed of madness -- yes, the occasional, euphoric, pseudo-hallucinatory moments that, yes -- fine -- agreed -- distracting -- nostalgic -- all of that -- but that’s just the package -- the plate -- think of it as a tax -- The Mania Tax -- The Insanity Tax -- or like advertising on TV -- it’s the freight -- the weight -- it’s the price of the show... As we fade out and...