2) 4) text: A boy.  I don't need anything, boy.  Can't you read?  I thought all American boys could read.  Don't be a nuisance, now.  Good day. The door begins to close.  Todd waits till the last momen before speaking.
2) 5) dialog: Don't forget your paper, Mr. Dussander.  The door stops.  Dussander opens it slowly.  He unlatches screen and slips his fingers around the paper.  Todd does let go.
2) 7) dialog: Sure thing, Mr. Dussander.  Dussander snatches the paper away and closes the screen d Quickly, almost imperceptibly, the old man's eyes survey area: across the street, up and down the sidewalk, the bo bicycle.
2) 9) text: Denker.  Perhaps you cannot read after all.  What a pity.  Good day.  As the front door closes, Todd speaks rapidly into the na
2) 10) dialog: Bergen-Belsen, January '43 to June '43.  Auschwitz, June '43 to June '44.  Then you went to Patin.  The door stops, still partly open. 
2) 11) dialog: After the war, you escaped to Buenos Aires. From 1950 to '52 you were in Cuba, and  then... From 1952 to '58... I don't know.  No one does.  But in 1965, you popped up in West Berlin, where they almost got you.  The door opens wider. 
2) 13) dialog: Call them if you want. 
2) 15) dialog: It's okay by me Herr Kommandant.  I'm sure the police would love to meet the "Blood- fiend of Patin."  In a flash the front door is open, so is the screen.  Dus is through the doorway and descending upon Todd with the umbrella raised to strike him.  Todd stumbles back agains porch rail. 
2) 17) dialog: After 1965, no one saw you again... Until I did.  Three weeks ago on the downtown bus. If you want to call the cops, go right ahead. I'II wait on the steps. 
2) 19) dialog: I won't?  Listen, old man, if I want to start screaming right here, I will.  If I want to  ride down to the police station and bring the cops back myself, then I will.  I will do what ever I want.  Do you understand? (pause) 
3) 0) text: Dussander's home is what you would expect of a single, po man.  Nothing fancy, nothing out of the ordinary.  Todd l around, perhaps half-expecting to find a Nazi flag or an painting of Der Fuehrer hanging above the mantle.  But he doesn't, and moves into the living room where an old pict a woman sits framed on an end table.
3) 3) dialog: Tell me, wasn't it Ilse Koch who made the lampshades out of human skin?
3) 5) dialog: Sure you do, Mr. Dussander. 
3) 7) dialog: Your hands are shaking. 
3) 9) dialog: We're in no rush.  If I thought you had  plans, I'd say cancel them, but since I know you don't... 
3) 11) dialog: What business?  You sit in that ugly chair and watch soap operas all day.  Except on  Friday afternoons when you walk down to the  movie theater.  And twice a week you take the bus downtown to do your shopping.  You always use the express lane because you never have  more than ten items.
3) 13) dialog: Of course, I followed you.  You think I  normally go around to peoples' houses and accuse them of being Nazi fugitives? 
3) 15) dialog: No, for you I had to be sure.  For Kurt Dussander I had to be absolutely certain. ...Now, I am, and that's why I'm here.  Todd sits on the sofa. 
3) 17) dialog: I don't need money.  You don't have any  anyway.  At least, I don't think so.  You probably had to spend it all to sneak in the country.  A good American passport is  expensive on the black market, that I know. 
3) 19) dialog: Yes, I do.  I know it all, Dussander.  You're my One Great Interest. 
3) 21) dialog: My One Great Interest.  Well, not you  personally, but, ...well, it's something I  learned back in eighth grade.  Our teacher, Miss Harmon, she said we'd have to find our One Great Interest in life.  You know, the  thing that would really grab us.  Once we did that, everything would fall into place.  Like hers, she said, wasn't teaching, but  collecting nineteenth-century postcards.  I guess there's no money in that, so she has to  be a teacher.  Anyway, she told us to start thinking about it.  So I did, but nothing happened.  Until the following summer, in  Ronny Pegler's garage.  That's where I found it.
4) 0) text: Todd and RONNY, both 13, rummage through several large bo the corner of the garage.  We see that the boxes are fill old war magazines.  Ronny tosses several of them to the g as he digs for his dad's old copies of Penthouse.  Ronny one Penthouse and rifles through it.  He discards it a mo later. 
4) 3) dialog: Hang on a sec.  As young Todd stares into this secret world, his voice co in...
4) 4) dialog: It was all there... pictures of stuff I'd  never seen, stuff they <i>never</i> put in the books anymore, especially the ones they give us to read.  And here were <i>stacks</i> of them. 
5) 0) text: Todd speaks excitedly.  Dussander, very bored, clearly in him.
5) 1) dialog: It... <i>grabbed</i> me.  It was just like Miss  Harmon said.  I couldn't believe it.  But there it was, the camps, the uniforms, the  ...the way they saluted each other.  But what am I telling you for?  You know more about this stuff than anybody. 
5) 3) dialog: (ignoring him) 
5) 6) dialog: You know, accelerated.  I skipped two grades, second and ninth.  I didn't need them. That's why I'm already a junior.  Dussander sits. 
5) 8) dialog: Some kids resent me for it.  That's not  important.  Anyway, my paper really floored my history teacher.  I guess because I got  through all those books without throwing up. But I learned something.  I learned that when you talk about the camps now, you have to  remember to sound really disgusted.  I mean, you can't just say what happened like the magazines did and leave it at that.  If I  tried that the teacher would have freaked and called my parents in. 
6) 0) text: Todd sits on one of the boxes surrounded by dozens of the magazines.  The door to the house opens and Ronny, lookin cross, pokes his head out. 
6) 2) dialog: What? 
6) 4) text: Your mom's on the phone.  ANGLE on Todd. 
7) 1) dialog: Nowadays you have to... soften it. 
7) 3) dialog: Because, I don't want it softened.  Todd hops up and begins to pace the floor. Dussander star him blankly, unsure of where this is going. 
7) 5) dialog: Actually, I'm pretty low maintenance.  That's what my dad says. 
7) 7) dialog: You think I'm crazy? 
7) 10) dialog: And then it happened... I was on my way to the library.  It was raining... 
8) 0) text: Todd's voice narrates what we are seeing.  Todd, seated n back of the bus, watches Dussander climb aboard.  Todd th nothing of it at first, but soon finds that he is unable his eyes off him.  Todd is trying to place the old man's his mind... 
8) 1) dialog: You climbed on the bus and started this slow walk down the aisle.  Just like you were  examining a new batch of inmates.  I don't think anybody gave you a second glance but  me, but somehow ...people seemed to move out of your way.  And under your arm you carried a rolled up umbrella.  But what really did  it, what really set me off was the coat.  You were wearing this long black rain coat.  My mind suddenly flipped back to a picture of you taken at Patin.  You in your S.S.  greatcoat with a riding crop under your arm. 
9) 1) dialog: It was incredible.  Dussander stares back at him flatly. 
9) 3) dialog: Well, it wasn't <i>that</i> easy.  I mean, I had to really check up on it.  And every picture of you in those books is forty years old, at  least.  I went back to the library to find  the picture.  And then I matched it with the photos I took.
9) 5) dialog: Yeah, I got this little camera.  Fits right in the palm of my hand.
9) 8) dialog: But even then I couldn't be sure.  I needed real proof.  So I went to the mall and bought a fingerprint kit from the hobby shop and a book that tells you what you're supposed to look for and then dusted your mailbox while you were at the movies.  Pretty smart, huh? 
9) 10) dialog: I already had a copy of your fingerprints.  They're on your want sheet from the Israeli government.  It's on database at UC Irvine. Can you believe that? 
9) 13) dialog: Sure, you got a Coke? 
9) 15) dialog: Milk? 
9) 17) dialog: It takes eight good matches, they're called  compares, actually, for a fingerprint to get  accepted in court. 
10) 0) text: Todd steps up onto the porch and looks around calmly.  He the powder and brush from his pocket and begins to examin mailbox for prints. 
10) 1) dialog: Yeah, there were two sets of prints.  The  first I figured were the mailman's.  Once I  knew what I was looking for, yours were easy to spot. 
11) 2) dialog: Maybe I will... Mom thinks I'd be good at it. 
12) 1) dialog: I found fourteen compares.  Dussander approaches him carrying a tumbler of milk and a of bourbon.  He hands the tumbler to Todd, who brings it his lips and hesitates. 
12) 2) dialog: You have some. 
12) 8) dialog: A violation? 
12) 10) dialog: Kind of like those experiments with the decompression chamber.  Now, that was a violation, Dussander. 
12) 12) dialog: You what? 
12) 14) dialog: You demand nothing from me.  Ever.  Get it? Pause. 
12) 16) dialog: No.  My dad used to smoke.  Mom made him quit.  Now he's addicted to Nicorette... that's nicotine gum.  Dussander turns toward the counter and pulls a kitchen ma from a cabinet.  He lights his cigarette with his back to