0) 46) dialog: These are the girls from Tanaka?
0) 48) dialog: (peers at Chiyo) This one maybe. The other one, no. Bekku roughly yanks Satsu back into the rickshaw.
1) 0) text: Auntie slides back a door to the okiya.
1) 1) dialog: Show your respect for Mother. You must not speak; I will answer for you. (calling) Okasan!
1) 3) dialog: Kneel. And head down! Never look her in the face. Auntie shoves Chiyo's head down. Smoke streams from Mothe nose as she appraises the grubby child. She motions: Clos
1) 5) dialog: She is Year of the Rooster.
1) 9) dialog: But Okasan, a little water is good, to guard against fire. You won’t have to worry about the okiya burning, and losing all your kimono. Mother considers this impassively. She gestures, Go on.
1) 13) dialog: Mm. Yes. Granny. This used to be her okiya. Auntie leads Chiyo down a dark crooked passageway.
1) 15) dialog: (by way of explanation) Lead. That old make-up was poison. Auntie pushes Chiyo up a few small steps -- INT: MAID’S ROOM. SECOND FLOOR. NIGHT. [WINTER] 20
1) 16) dialog: Keep her quiet. Mother is downstairs. -- to PUMPKIN (11, round-faced, comic.) Auntie shuts the door and Chiyo hears the bolt fall. She beats on the door
3) 1) dialog: The only reason Mother tolerates Hatsumomo is because she brings in good money. Auntie kneels amid a feast of colors, folding the many si kimono piled around her, then placing them neatly in lacquered boxes. Chiyo climbs a ladder and places the box in stacks along the walls. AUNTIE (cont’d) Never forget, it is Hatsumomo who pays for your supper. The clothes on your back. By the time she was twenty, she had already earned back her purchase price. Unheard of! She has. been the talk of the hanamachi ever since. Chiyo curious fingers one of the kimono:
3) 3) dialog: Certainly not. They belong to the okiya. (displays summer kimono) (MORE)
3) 4) text: 27 28 18 AUNTIE (cont'd) A kimono like this, made of Tatsumura silk? It would take a lifetime to earn! A Sea Captain had this made for Granny when she was only fourteen. Under Auntie’s deft folding, the exquisite embroidery disappears and the kimono goes into a red lacquered box: ‘AUNTIE (cont'd) A geisha needs an elegant wardrobe, just like an artist needs ink! If she is not properly dressed, then she is not a true geisha.
3) 6) dialog: You will find out soon enough. I have news for you, child. Chiyo looks at her, puzzled. AUNTIE (cont‘’d) ...Mother has determined. It is off to school with you. (beat) You are to become geisha. cur TO:
5) 18) dialog: Careful, Okasan! You will hurt yourself more than her. Let me. Auntie seizes the rod and Mother walks back into the Okiy
6) 1) dialog: Kneel. Chiyo kneels, weeping, ashamed. Auntie painfully lowers h twisted hip and sits on the stone step. AUNTIE (cont'd) What have you done to Hatsumomo? Chiyo looks up tearfully. 36 37 24 ’ CHIYO I haven't done anything, I promise you. :
6) 2) dialog: Whatever you've done to anger her, you'd be wise to stop. Now. . (when Chiyo is silent) You would like 'Hatsumomo to be your big sister, wouldn’t you? Then you must learn to please her. (beat) Lie face down. Chiyo obeys. Auntie gets to her feet painfully, favoring hip. AUNTIE (cont'd) When I was young, Granny was Mother of this okiya. One day I was naughty, speaking out of turn, as you often do. Granny whipped me so fiercely, I was crippled. And so I never becamé a geisha. I could never repay my debt. Auntie’s rod comes down, swish! AUNTIE (cont'd) And so everyone in the okiya suffered. Another swish! Chiyo suffers the beating stoically. AUNTIE (cont'd) (when Chiyo complies) I will beat you “just so.” To spare you the agony I have endured. Swish!
8) 5) dialog: “Dear Satsu and Little Chiyo: As one who was once an orphaned child myself, this humble person is sorry to inform you that six weeks after you left for your new life in Miyako, the suffering of your honored mother came to its end--” Chiyo's face fills with tears. AUNTIE (CONT'D) (cont'd) “--and only a few weeks afterward your honored father departed this world as well. This humble person feels confident both your honored parents have found their places in paradise.” Chiyo picks up each tablet in turn, clasping them tightly her breast. AUNTIE (cont'd) “But happily--in the okiya--your own future is assured.” Auntie’s voice as she reads the letter fades, and is supplanted by another:
14) 2) dialog: Here, let me. Chilly adult BARE FEET appear, pattering down the cramped stairs, as Chiyo (15) hurries to obey. As she descends, w see she’s graceful even in a maid's rags; she wears a servant's long braid. Chiyo hastens to Pumpkin, ornamenta comb in hand.
14) 11) text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swir snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees: Pumpkin’s shamisen._ Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatch up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
15) 0) text: Carrying the bundled shamisen, Chiyo runs in Auntie'’s ga clogs, down the snowy streets, over the frozen Sonogawa. Delicate icicles hang from the barren weeping-cherry tree 66 68 41
20) 2) dialog: (to Chiyo) Open the gate! Chiyo runs to the entry. 73 74
22) 0) text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk set up with pen and paper and abacus. Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the cr Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpki crane to hear:
22) 33) dialog: She is not in it for the money, that much is for certain. Rumor has it--ever since the Prime Minister bought her mizuage--she has been rich! They say he paid a record sum.
27) 9) dialog: For luck. SPARKS fly behind Chiyo.
35) 0) text: At the table Sayuri, Pumpkin, Mother and Auntie eat their meal. Hatsumomo stalks in, the crumpled poster in her han
39) 11) text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone. In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch keeps tucked in her obi. Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They he the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
39) 16) dialog: Unbelievable.
47) 6) dialog: See? You are yourself again.