11) 2) dialog: Did you fall down?
11) 3) text: Chiyo is too shy to answer. The Chairman crouches which brings them face te face. Chiyo ducks her head rather tha meet his eyes. . CHAIRMAN (cont ‘d) Why so shy? Nothing to be ashamed of; we all stumble from time to time. He offers her handkerchief, and--embarrassed--she dabs he face. The Chairman gestures toward the most beautiful of three geisha in his company. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) You see that enchanting lady in pink? Once--when she was just a maiko--she fell clean off her okobo. When The Geisha laughs in response, it borders on music.
11) 5) dialog: And now look at her; so elegant.
11) 7) dialog: We see the Spring Dances every year. We can spare a moment. The geisha turn inward, twittering among themselves. The Chairman turns to Chiyo. CHAIRMAN (cont‘d) What’s your name? She doesn't respond. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) Don’t be afraid to look at me. Someone has been cruel to you. Or perhaps life has been cruel.
11) 10) dialog: None of us find as much kindness in this world as we should. © (and then) Do you like sweet plum, or cherry?
11) 12) dialog: I like sweet plum myself. {to the vendor) Both kinds. Chiyo hungrily watches the Vendor put a scoop of lurid pi into a paper cup. The Chairman hands it to her: CHAIRMAN (cont‘d) I wait for these every spring. Chiyo takes her first bite; when she pulls the cup away f her lips, they’re stained with color. She smiles coyly.
11) 14) dialog: And so you are! As they take bites of their ices, Chiyo absorbs him with wonder. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) How did you come by such surprising eyes?
11) 16) dialog: Generous of her, wasn’t it?
11) 18) dialog: Smile for me, won't you? 59 60 38 Chiyo can’t help it; she does. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) There now. That is your gift to me. He wraps some coins in his handkerchief and tucks it into hand. , CHAIRMAN (cont'd) This will buy your supper. Now promise me one thing. Next time you take a tumble...no frowns. He smiles back at her, and she nods. Chiyo watches the Chairman walk away toward the geisha who await him; they their arms around him, like butterfly wings, and he seems disappear. Chiyo stares after them longingly, transfixed.
12) 0) text: Chiyo continues to run through a corridor of huge broad orange torii gates that meander far up a wooded hillside. SAYURI‘S VOICE (CONT’D) ~ to someone with purpose. I saw that to be a geisha could be a stepping stone to something else. Chiyo arrives at the SHRINE and stretches up to reach the huge bell cords. She pulls the ropes and claps three time SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) The money he had given me could have bought fish and rice for a month. But I gave it back in prayer. She opens the handkerchief: The Chairman’s coins. Chiyo drops the coins in the offering box and bows. She kneels: 61 62 39 SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) I asked one day to be worthy of the chairman's world...to meet him again...and to become a geisha. Cherry blossoms blow past the serene altar of the shrine become SNOWFLAKES. 1 .
17) 0) text: Chiyo ducks into a dark nook and lets the RUNNING FOOTSTE go past. When they are gone, from inside her kimono Chiyo takes something she has kept pressed against her heart: SAYURI’S VOICEOVER The winter that I turned fifteen, Fate brought me three things: I saw the Chairman again. Chiyo’s cold fingers caress the Chairman’s finely embroid handkerchief.
29) 3) text: As Sayuri gazes momentously into the face she has longed see, the Chairman abruptly averts his eyes, and speaks instead to NOBU:
29) 4) dialog: Nobu-san. NOBU (42, strong presence of power and intelligence) ‘is focused on the match. He cries out the name of the wrestl whom he sponsors ("Tochinoyama!”), then berates him in Japanese. The Chairman tries again: CHAIRMAN (cont’d) Nobul When Nobu turns to greet Sayuri, she feels a slight shock Nobu's face is disfigured, badly scarred on one side; his right hand is a web of puckered scars. Mameha deftly make the introduction --
29) 6) dialog: Sayuri, is this your first encounter with sumo? Sayuri nods, too nervous to speak. She is aware of how cl they sit, her leg and his almost touching as they kneel. CHAIRMAN (cont’d)} Nobu-san will have to educate you. I cannot tell one wrestler from the next.
29) 7) text: CHAIRMAN (cont'd) (gestures around tent) Did you notice our contribution? Mameha notices the electric lights, gives a delighted cry
29) 9) dialog: We closed a new deal in the countryside. We're harnessing the power of water to bring electricity to some of the smaller villages.
29) 13) dialog: You should never ask an engineer to explain a thing. Because he will--
30) 0) text: Sayuri digs through a stack of old newspapers near the st She tears one open and finds: A BLACK & WHITE PHOTOGRAPH the Chairman. INT.
30) 22) text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows: MAMEHA (cont'd) Konbanwa. At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Say obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake to Sayuri impatiently. . Il ‘
30) 27) dialog: I could not agree more. He extends his cup to Nobu warmly. CHAIRMAN (cont‘d) I owe this man everything. Kampai.
30) 32) text: The Chairman smiles at Nobu’s modesty. A maid brings in a tray of fresh sake, and places it on t table. Nobu produces a small box wrapped in silk. He unwraps it, and hands it to Sayuri. t NOBU (cont’d) (downplaying the gift) It’s a trinket. I found it a few days ago. An awkward silence. Sayuri, The Chairman and Mameha are a speechless. Finally:
30) 33) dialog: Why, Nobu. I had no idea you were so sentimental.
30) 40) dialog: How lovely. Hatsumomo and Pumpkin bow before leaving:
38) 0) text: The Baron’s spacious Japanese gardens are dominated by a magnificent old CHERRY TREE. PEACOCKS strut on the lawns. Sayuri looks for The Chairman to no avail. Mr. Bekku foll her, aloof. The Baron's WEALTHY PARTY GUESTS ~ in fashionable Western clothes - take notice of Sayuri. They crowd arourid her. Flashbulbs pop. The Chairman, strolling by himself, hears the activity an sees Sayuri, flustered, trapped by the horde. He cuts thr
38) 1) dialog: Excuse me. Sayuri. Today, even the cherry blossoms are envious of her. --and escorts a grateful Sayuri to safety.
38) 2) dialog: As she strolls beside the Chairman, Sayuri’s feet aren't exactly on the ground.
38) 3) dialog: Something I’ve been wanting to say to you for some time now. Sayuri‘s waits with bated breath. Then: CRAIRMAN (cont’d) I‘d like to...to thank you for your attention to Nobu. 90
38) 5) dialog: Nobu can be a difficult man. So severe. Hates parties, sake only in moderation, and he disdains geisha. But...he is fond of you.
38) 7) dialog: He would never tell you himself; he’s far too modest. We were fighting in Manchuria together. There was an explosion. He protected me from the worst of it. As you might imagine, I owe him quite a debt. SAYURI nods, moved. ) CHAIRMAN (cont'd) Nobu’s taught me a great deal. Patience, for one thing. I-~in turn--have tried to teach him. You have to savor life while you can.
38) 9) dialog: See? That is why Nobu likes you. We must not expect happiness, Sayuri. It is not something we deserve. When life goes well, it’s a sudden gift. It cannot last forever. Like this moment. A shower of cherry petals surprises the The Chairman smiles down at Sayuri as he gently removes e petal from her hair.
45) 0) text: The teahouse lanterns are extinguished. Theatre posters p on the long wall where GEISHA huddle in clusters, belongi heaped around them. SOLDIERS patrol as the geisha wait. MILITARY TRUCKS arrive. SOLDIERS herd a group of frighten geisha into the back compartment. They toss aside the geishas‘ belongings - not enough room in the truck. KORIN fights to be allowed onto the truck. Chairman steps down from a truck and pays the Soldier -- has bribed his way into the Hanamachi. Chairman strides off, followed at a respectful distance by an ELDERLY SERV Chairman walks past GEISHA huddied on the ground, wrapped quilts and finery. Some geisha cook over tiny fires. OTHERS sell their finery to each other. Money changes han Chairman keeps searching. d)
45) 3) dialog: Osaka, to work in the factories. But you must not go. The city is a prime target; they have already bombed the train station. Get your things, quickly. Sayuri & Mameha take their bundles. Sayuri grabs her shamisen. The Chairman leads them toward rickshaws: CHAIRMAN (cont’d) Nobu and I are trying to find safe havens for as many of you as we can. Here — He passes Mameha to a DRIVER and hands her a certificate CHAIRMAN (cont‘d) - Work certificate. Nurse's aid in Wadayama. Best I could do. Friend of mine is Chief Surgeon there. Hurry! (to RICKSHAW DRIVER) Take care of her. The Rickshaw Driver assists Mameha into his rickshaw. Mam realizes that she and Sayuri are to be separated:
45) 6) dialog: This is Arima; he will take you into the hills. Nobu has got a friend there; a kimono-maker. He is sewing parachutes now. (gives her certificate) Anyone stops you, show them this.
45) 8) dialog: It’s remote, you will be safe--- 138 139 140 141 142
45) 11) dialog: Our factory's there. I have no choice. (then) : I will express your gratitude to Nebu-san. Her gaze is locked on his as her rickshaw pulis away. SAYURI‘S VOICE Because I had endured starvation and hard work before, I knew I could survive.
45) 23) text: Her heart in her throat, Sayuri sees a man in a fedora ma his way toward her through the luminescent banners of sil She believes for a moment it is the Chairman. The silk lifts, and her heart falls: The man is Nobu.
48) 0) text: On the tarmac, an U.S. transport PLANE idles. At the open hangar door a U.S. ARMY JEEP deposits Sayuri. She sees: The Chairman, standing alone, his back to her. Sayuri approaches, her heart pounding. The Chairman turns:
48) 1) dialog: Sayuri, just look at you. It’s as if the war never happened. His face opens in a smile. Sayuri bows, overcome.
48) 3) dialog: Please accept my apologies, asking this of you--
48) 12) dialog: May I present - Pumpkin. The Lieutenant snaps a picture, to Pumpkin‘’s apparent delight. Mameha and Sayuri exchange a look, mortified for her.
50) 2) text: \ ) Pumpkin gestures to the men to come and join the ladi and Mameha are already relaxing in the pools. Derricks, Hutchins, Nobu and the Chairman slide over to them. By Japanese custom, everyone is naked. A wooden tray floats, holding bottles of sake.
50) 17) dialog: ~ The other story is the true one, and I have not even heard it yet! Everyone laughs. Pumpkin pushes the Chairman, flirting:
50) 19) dialog: Your turn, Nobu-san.
50) 23) dialog: Sayuri. The truest story you know. All eyes are on Sayuri. She gathers her courage. When she starts to speak, the timbre in the room changes; from rau to almost reverential.
50) 25) dialog: I think we have to stop the game. PUMPKIN giggles, very drunk. CHAIRMAN (cont‘d) If Pumpkin drinks any more sake, she will pass out.
50) 27) dialog: Here - Mameha - Sayuri - help her. And the party starts to break up. Mameha helps the limp Pumpkin out of the pool and into her bathing kimono. As Sayuri starts to climb out of the water, Derricks corners her:
58) 0) text: The Colonel, on top of Sayuri, pins her arms to the groun Sayuri lets out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a so The pavilion door slides open, and Pumpkin steps in. Sayuri and the American turn and see Pumpkin. Then behind Pumpkin comes -- The Chairman. Chairman recoils, shocked. Sayuri pushes the Colonel away grabs her kimono to herself. The Chairman quickly steps out. Sayuri, dressing hastily, rushes past Pumpkin and out the door, and sees -
59) 0) text: The Chairman walks away quickly in the moonlight. Sayuri whirls on Pumpkin who has followed her out:
61) 0) text: Sayuri lets the tears come, wiping them away with the Chairman’s handkerchief.
63) 0) text: Sayuri makes her way across the pridge to the teahouse. H face has become as frozen, as perfect as 4 mask. The TEAHOUSE MISTRESS ushers Sayuri into the garden. . Japanese maple trees frame a small pond. In its center, 4 floating platform, accessible by a series of stone steps. it, a low table with a sake tray. In her long kimono, Sayuri almost seems to walk across the water until she reaches the tiny 4sland. She kneels, waiting for Nobu to arrive. Sayuri is distracted by 4 gust of autumn wind, which send red maple leaves scattering across the watex. She feels a hand alight on her shoulder; she looks up to greet Nobu. Instead, she sees the Chairman. *
63) 2) dialog: (calmly) He won't be coming tonight. * SAYURI looks stricken.
63) 4) dialog: Be knows what happened. It is not * in his nature to forgive. Sayuri feels a aick rush of shame; she cannot meet his ey
63) 6) dialog: Please. You do not have to explain- _The look in your eyes was 5° * desperate--like you might drown-~ *
63) 9) dialog: No I am the one who must be forgiven.
63) 12) dialog: perhaps;-if you had only known the truth-- ,
63) 14) dialog: some years ago, I was on my way to the theater. I saw 4 little girl, weeping by the Scnogawa. IT stopped to buy her a cup of sweet ice-- SAYURI raises her head to look him in the face. Her eyes. wide with incredulity.
63) 16) dialog: Didn't you ever wonder why Mameha, took you her under her wing.
63) 18) dialog: What could I do? I owe Nobu my jife. And so--when I saw he had a chance at happiness with you--I stood silent. But I cannot any longer. (beat) I hope it is not too late. Sayuri bows her head.
63) 19) text: CHAIRMAN (cont' d) pon‘t be afraid to look at me chiyo.