0) 3) text: Satsu grips little Chiyo‘s hand tightly:
0) 28) dialog: I have my mother’s eyes.
0) 35) dialog: Tanaka-san! Mr. Bekku jerks Chiyo on board.
0) 50) dialog: Satsu!
1) 7) dialog: Where is my sister? Auntie claps a hand over her mouth. Mother looks at Chiyo
1) 14) dialog: What happened to her skin?
1) 17) dialog: Let me go! Let me go! She weeps as Pumpkin tries to pull her away --
1) 19) dialog: I want my sister! Pumpkin pulls Chiyo onto her futon, and muffles her sobs the quilt. 21 12
1) 21) dialog: A what?
1) 23) dialog: Where is my sister?
1) 26) text: Inside, you wear these. Outside, these. We don’t display our naked feet like monkeys. Next, Mother impatiently wraps Chiyo in a servant‘’s kimo
2) 0) text: Chiyo scrubs the stepping stones while Pumpkin cleans the shed. Pumpkin explains in a whisper (which gets louder as she continues):
2) 2) dialog: A what? Pumpkin curls her tongue and sticks it out; it looks like “split peach.” Together, she and Chiyo giggle. 23 14
2) 7) dialog: When can I go outside?
2) 9) dialog: How will I find Satsu? 15
2) 12) text: Against a backdrop of softly rounded misty hills are THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS OF SLATE-BLUE TILED ROOFS so impenetrably close together, they seem almost to overlap. Pumpkin dumps her bucket into the water tank, splashing s on the tiles. Chiyo, crushed, stares at the maze of roofs INT. GRANNY’S ROOM - OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER]. 24 Chiyo carries a tray laden with food for Granny: rice and tiny white fishlings with dead, black eyes. She places it down in front of the old woman, who barks:
2) 16) dialog: But she made me promise--
2) 18) text: Why, look who's in my room. Chiyo jumps up. Hatsumomo snatches up her dusting powder: HATSUMOMO (cont ’d) Did you touch this?? (sniffs, sarcastic) I can just hear the General now. “Why, Hatsumomo. You used to smell of jasmine; what’s this new perfume?” (wrinking her nose in distaste) “Blowfish?” (savagely) I told you never to touch my things! Can't you understand why?
2) 19) dialog: Because your General will say, “Hatsumomo, you stink.” Hatsumomo stares at her, displeased with her delivery.
2) 22) dialog: (stunned) What?
3) 2) dialog: These are all hers? Auntie snatches the kimono away.
3) 5) dialog: Nobody told me what a geisha is.
4) 1) text: Pumpkin and Chiyo run down the street, wooden geta clatte on the paving stones. 19
4) 4) dialog: {with resolve) Pumpkin! I’m sorry; I‘m going to run-- I’m going to find Satsu-- This makes PUMPKIN stop, cold.
4) 10) dialog: “In front?”
5) 0) text: Alone, Chiyo kneels, trying to stay awake as she practice her shamisen. The sound of raucous LAUGHTER:
5) 13) text: Hatsumomo and Korin huddle with Chiyo in the shadows:
6) 6) dialog: I have kept my promise. So tell me. Where is she? Hatsumomo licks the rim of sake cup, then puts it down. S reaches out to Chiyo, cradling the child’s hands in her o
6) 12) text: Chiyo yanks on a wooden door, knocking as hard as she can Finally a small panel slides open. An OLD CRONE looks out
6) 13) dialog: Satsu. The panel snaps shut. Chiyo beats on the door, to no avai CHIYO (cont'd) Satsu! From Yoroido! Satsu! Chiyo stands uncertainly, soaked to the skin, her hair an thin kimono plastered to her body. She casts around helplessly, and sees: From a dark side doorway, a MAN in Western clothes depart Behind him in the shadows, Chiyo can see a young woman; h silhoutte is familiar. Chiyo calls: CHIYO (cont‘d) Satsu? Satsu! Satsu edges into the lantern’s crimson glow and Chiyo rac to her.
6) 15) dialog: --But Satsu, I tried--
6) 19) dialog: -Please, I did not know--
6) 23) dialog: Let's leave--tonight--
6) 25) dialog: No, please--~tonight--
6) 27) dialog: What if I cannot get away?
6) 40) dialog: No! She is lying!
6) 42) dialog: --I saw her with a man--right there (the “bed” of rice bags) - His name is Koichi! 49 50 31
7) 0) text: Chiyo steps out onto the’ roof by the water tank. She see The maze of tiled roofs. Stepping out on her wooden sandal, Chiyo tests her weight the roof tiles. Her wet shoe skids on the rain-slick tile and comes out from under her. Chiyo fails on her bottom h and barely saves herself from tumbling down the slope. Her shoe falls, clattering down the tiles and plummeting the edge into the garden, The noise sets off Taku’s barki (0.S.). Chiyo gathers her courage. She takes off her other wooden shoe and leaves it perched on the ridge of the okiya’s ro Chiyo inches, half sliding, down the sloping tiles to the edge of the roof, which is adjacent to the NEXT OKIYA’S r EXT. BACK GARDEN & PRIVIES. CONTINUOUS. NIGHT. [WINTER]. Taku barks hysterically, running around and around Chiyo’ fallen shoe, sounding the alarm. EXT: NEXT OKIYA‘S ROOF. CONTINUOUS. NIGHT. [WINTER]. 53 Chiyo gathers her courage and jumps -- She falls onto the NEXT OKIYA’S SLOPING ROOF (#2). Her ba feet slip and scramble for purchase. Then her fingers gri the wet tiles, and one foot wedges safely against a tile. Chiyo scrambles across the roof and swings her legs over ridge cap. She slowly lets herself skid down the low slop and at the bottom, and sees: A gap between her and NEXT O (#3). Taku‘s barking sounds farther away. Chiyo crouches at the edge, her toes curling over the til edge. She pushes off, drops to the NEXT ROOF (#3), catche her balance: Safe. Chiyo clambers up this even steeper slope (#3). Hand over hand, she climbs to the top; she seems to be gaining strength. Her hand grasps the cap tiles. The tiles hold. 54 33 Chiyo reaches up with her other hand. Now both hands safe grip the cap tiles. Her fingers tighten as she hauls hers up. She can see the NEXT OKIYA’S ROOF (#4), and beyond th the tangle of electrical wires on a pole and red lanterns the street -- Freedom. The cap tiles (#3) give way with a clatter. Chiyo skids helter-skelter down the long wet slope of the roof. She screams — ‘ Her chin knocks against a tile, hard, jerking her head ba STARS pinwheel in the NIGHT SKY --
8) 3) dialog: Perhaps you should send me home.
9) 0) text: Her arm bandaged and wearing rags, Chiyo cleans all the household shoes; all around her are dozens of sandals. MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.) If I could sell off your bones to pay back all that you owe, I'd rip them right out of your body. 56 57 58 35 Mother drops her bundled school items and her shamisen, t returned,
10) 0) text: The exterior wall displays ROWS OF SPRING FESTIVAL POSTER Branches of blooming CHERRY hang over the walkways of the school, but Chiyo walks by them without seeing.
11) 0) text: Chiyo places her wrapped shamisen and her school clothes books at the open classroom door: MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.) Each week, a few coins, and maybe-- Maybe--by the end of your life, your debt will be paid. Inside, a group of 6 beautifully-costumed young MATKO (le a female teacher) rehearse for the “Spring Dances” with paddies of willow and cherry blossoms. Four other MAIKO w their turn. Chiyo notes the MAIKO without emotion; she knows now that this world is closed to her forever.
11) 3) text: Chiyo is too shy to answer. The Chairman crouches which brings them face te face. Chiyo ducks her head rather tha meet his eyes. . CHAIRMAN (cont ‘d) Why so shy? Nothing to be ashamed of; we all stumble from time to time. He offers her handkerchief, and--embarrassed--she dabs he face. The Chairman gestures toward the most beautiful of three geisha in his company. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) You see that enchanting lady in pink? Once--when she was just a maiko--she fell clean off her okobo. When The Geisha laughs in response, it borders on music.
11) 11) dialog: You mean - to eat? . I ‘ The Chairman laughs and leads Chiyo toward the footpath t goes along the stream, where a VENDOR sells shaved ice.
11) 13) dialog: Now I'm a geisha, too. The CHAIRMAN laughs.
11) 15) dialog: My mother gave them to me.
11) 17) dialog: As you have been to me.
12) 0) text: Chiyo continues to run through a corridor of huge broad orange torii gates that meander far up a wooded hillside. SAYURI‘S VOICE (CONT’D) ~ to someone with purpose. I saw that to be a geisha could be a stepping stone to something else. Chiyo arrives at the SHRINE and stretches up to reach the huge bell cords. She pulls the ropes and claps three time SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) The money he had given me could have bought fish and rice for a month. But I gave it back in prayer. She opens the handkerchief: The Chairman’s coins. Chiyo drops the coins in the offering box and bows. She kneels: 61 62 39 SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) I asked one day to be worthy of the chairman's world...to meet him again...and to become a geisha. Cherry blossoms blow past the serene altar of the shrine become SNOWFLAKES. 1 .
14) 4) dialog: You look beautiful. Pumpkin gives her a grateful smile. They briefly, covertl clasp hands. Then Mother appears with Auntie (both dresse for the occasion) and the girls‘ hands come apart. MOTHER scrutinizes Pumpkin'’s rounded hairstyle, the haircomb sticking out at a jaunty angle: 63 64 40
14) 11) text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swir snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees: Pumpkin’s shamisen._ Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatch up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
15) 0) text: Carrying the bundled shamisen, Chiyo runs in Auntie'’s ga clogs, down the snowy streets, over the frozen Sonogawa. Delicate icicles hang from the barren weeping-cherry tree 66 68 41
16) 0) text: A MALE SERVANT sweeping the front steps catches sight of Chiyo as she runs to the front gate. The Teahouse-owner orders him to follow the stranger. He drops his snow broo and races after her.
17) 0) text: Chiyo ducks into a dark nook and lets the RUNNING FOOTSTE go past. When they are gone, from inside her kimono Chiyo takes something she has kept pressed against her heart: SAYURI’S VOICEOVER The winter that I turned fifteen, Fate brought me three things: I saw the Chairman again. Chiyo’s cold fingers caress the Chairman’s finely embroid handkerchief.
21) 0) text: Chiyo sees Mameha, and crumples inside with fear (the rui kimono!). She bows low to hide her face, as Mameha steps of her sandals and goes inside.
22) 0) text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk set up with pen and paper and abacus. Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the cr Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpki crane to hear:
22) 7) dialog: Are they really talking about me? 45 Y Pumpkin, nods, equally stunned. Meanwhile:
22) 35) dialog: "Mizuage”? Pumpkin biushes and gestures with her hand: I_can‘t say. Hatsumomo pauses at the doorway:
22) 42) dialog: I’m so far behind; I will never catch up to you.
22) 45) text: Along the Sonogawa, ICICLES melt from the trees, dripping jewel-like droplets. In the foreground sits the Baron‘s impressive automobile. Chiyo hesitates outside Mameha’s apartment, shivering and summoning her courage. She sees: A handsome man, THE BARON (45), emerges from th apartment, with Mameha seeing him out. Chiyo bows humbly:
22) 47) dialog: Konichiwa.
23) 2) dialog: Does that displease you?
23) 4) dialog: About your kimono...
23) 6) dialog: She is jealous of you?
23) 8) dialog: Not to me.
23) 10) dialog: And released the tiger from its cage? 80 51 » MAMEHA You have a gift for expression. The Maid brings in a tray; she pours the tea. MAMEHA (cont'd) And if Mrs. Nitta adopts Pumpkin, that is hardly a threat! But a little girl with eyes like rain...
23) 11) dialog: But Mrs. Nitta would never choose me.
23) 13) dialog: It is?
24) 0) text: Chiyo undresses at the bath house.
24) 1) dialog: When does a geisha choose her danna? Mameha is amused and a little offended.
24) 3) text: 52 MAMEHA (cont'd) (then) Focus on your studies, Chiyo. Music, the art of conversation. Contrary to popular opinion, that’s the surest way to attract a danna; on your feet...not off them. Carrying their towels to conceal their naked bodies, they step into a tiled room filled with steam.. MAMEHA (cont ’d) Pretend, for example, that I am pouring tea... Mameha sits on a bathing stool, using bathing implements “teapot” and “cup”. MAMEHA (cont‘d) You kneel, just so. You angle the pot low, spout close to the cup, so the aroma does not escape... She mimes pouring. MAMEHA (cont'd) Now here is where you can add a touch of intrigue. Say I’m entertaining the Baron. Like so many clients, he is trapped in an arranged marriage with a woman he does not love. So--in the teahouse, when he is seeking my company instead--I reward him. Like this. She drapes the washcloth like a “kimono sleeve.” MAMEHA (cont'd) With a glimpse of my wrist. Seeing that demure little trace of naked skin...well, it gives him pleasure. As Chiyo practices pouring while holding her “kimono slee MAMEHA (cont’d) When you are sitting down-- (crowding Chiyo) - for the briefest moment, press your leg against his. (when Chiyo starts to giggle) Always by accident, of course! Or, this -
24) 5) dialog: (copying) | “These little hairs are such a nuisance..." Laughing, Mameha leads her to the steaming bathing pools:
25) 0) text: --catches it onstage, in a dance rehearsal 10 MAIKO her o age. She glances down the line of dancers to see Pumpkin. In the audience, Hatsumomo and Mameha watch their fledgli maiko. They don’t acknowledge one another; their eyes are fixed on the stage. Meanwhile, Pumpkin grins coyly at her friend Chiyo, and c her tongue in a “split peach”, just as she did when they children. Chiyo suppresses a smile, and executes a gracef turn without missing a beat. Pumpkin, however, is fatally amused by her own hijinks; she’s thrown off balance and d her fan. Mameha casts a discreet, competitive look in Hatsumomo’s direction, to gauge her response. Hatsumomo sits with her back stiff, and shoots Pumpkin a look that could straight bonsai tree-- CLOSE UP: --as a coal stick glides across an arched eyebr accentuating it with black---
26) 0) text: ---Chiyo’s long, black hair is combed out flat by A MALE HAIRDRESSER (middle-aged), who then applies hot wax with iron.
26) 5) dialog: (crestfallen) November? Can't it be sooner?
26) 7) dialog: No one can do that. Mameha turns her back to the street:
26) 9) dialog: If I can do that - may I debut sooner? CLOSE UP: A man’s hand yanks the obi strings tight on the back of a geisha’s kimono.
27) 1) dialog: (game now) Go ahead, then. Choose someone for me, Onei-san. 93
27) 5) text: Chiyo looks to Mameha. Even Bekku’s impressed. * 94 95
63) 19) text: CHAIRMAN (cont' d) pon‘t be afraid to look at me chiyo.