2) 1) text: Two nights ago Hatsumomo had to stay at the tea-house until dawn, entertaining three Judges--and when she got home, she cried, “I‘m sooo tired!” And then she started-- (PUMPKIN makes a snoring sound) --and she knocked over a candle, and it singed her kimono and her futon started smoking, and Mother came in and said, “Pumpkin! You must stay awake, all night, so Hatsumomo doesn’t burn down the whole okiya!” (a breath, and then) When I am a geisha I will sleep as late as I want. I will wear a fancy kimono, and my hair will be in a split-peach!
3) 4) text: 27 28 18 AUNTIE (cont'd) A kimono like this, made of Tatsumura silk? It would take a lifetime to earn! A Sea Captain had this made for Granny when she was only fourteen. Under Auntie’s deft folding, the exquisite embroidery disappears and the kimono goes into a red lacquered box: ‘AUNTIE (cont'd) A geisha needs an elegant wardrobe, just like an artist needs ink! If she is not properly dressed, then she is not a true geisha.
11) 3) text: Chiyo is too shy to answer. The Chairman crouches which brings them face te face. Chiyo ducks her head rather tha meet his eyes. . CHAIRMAN (cont ‘d) Why so shy? Nothing to be ashamed of; we all stumble from time to time. He offers her handkerchief, and--embarrassed--she dabs he face. The Chairman gestures toward the most beautiful of three geisha in his company. CHAIRMAN (cont'd) You see that enchanting lady in pink? Once--when she was just a maiko--she fell clean off her okobo. When The Geisha laughs in response, it borders on music.
11) 4) dialog: It's true; I did.
11) 6) dialog: Mr. Chairman, shouldn‘t we hurry? We'll miss the beginning. Bowing, Chiyo would back away, excusing herself, but the Chairman stops her with a gentle hand. He shrugs at the geisha:
12) 0) text: Chiyo continues to run through a corridor of huge broad orange torii gates that meander far up a wooded hillside. SAYURI‘S VOICE (CONT’D) ~ to someone with purpose. I saw that to be a geisha could be a stepping stone to something else. Chiyo arrives at the SHRINE and stretches up to reach the huge bell cords. She pulls the ropes and claps three time SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) The money he had given me could have bought fish and rice for a month. But I gave it back in prayer. She opens the handkerchief: The Chairman’s coins. Chiyo drops the coins in the offering box and bows. She kneels: 61 62 39 SAYURI'S VOICE (cont'd) I asked one day to be worthy of the chairman's world...to meet him again...and to become a geisha. Cherry blossoms blow past the serene altar of the shrine become SNOWFLAKES. 1 .
28) 0) text: The TEAHOUSE OWNER--teetering with a tray stacked with sa and beer--barrels down the deep red hallway toward the te room. LAUGHTER and conversation spill from the room as sh flings open the shoji doors. EIGHT MEN are seatled in conversational groups at low tab around three sides of the room. In the seat of honor, we recognize The Baron. The OTHER MEN are mostly older and a wealthy, their spirits loosened by sake. The host, Hatsumomo's favorite client THE GENERAL (55, chainsmoker) wears a Japanese military uniform. TWO GEISHA move gracefully among the tables, serving sake they chat among the men. Behind a screen, before they make their entrance:
29) 0) text: Suspended over the mounded dohyo (clay sumo ring) is a ro resembling a,Shinto shrine, and hung at the corners with giant colored tassels honoring the four season. All aroun the ring rise tiers of boxes filled with kneeling SPECTAT In the ring, two almost naked rikishi (FIRST PAIR OF SUMO WRESTLERS) are already in combat as Mameha and Sayuri mak their way to the first tier boxes .~ As Sayuri and Mameha approach the box where their clients wait, MEN turn their heads, looking to see which box will receive the honor of two such beautiful geishas.
42) 8) text: HATSUMOMO = (cont'd) (re: handkerchief) --his initials; how elegant. You‘ve been hiding this for a long time-- Hatsumomo dips the handkerchief into an oil lamp. HATSUMOMO (cont’d) The sacrifice every Geisha must make--
45) 0) text: The teahouse lanterns are extinguished. Theatre posters p on the long wall where GEISHA huddle in clusters, belongi heaped around them. SOLDIERS patrol as the geisha wait. MILITARY TRUCKS arrive. SOLDIERS herd a group of frighten geisha into the back compartment. They toss aside the geishas‘ belongings - not enough room in the truck. KORIN fights to be allowed onto the truck. Chairman steps down from a truck and pays the Soldier -- has bribed his way into the Hanamachi. Chairman strides off, followed at a respectful distance by an ELDERLY SERV Chairman walks past GEISHA huddied on the ground, wrapped quilts and finery. Some geisha cook over tiny fires. OTHERS sell their finery to each other. Money changes han Chairman keeps searching. d)