2) 1) text: Two nights ago Hatsumomo had to stay at the tea-house until dawn, entertaining three Judges--and when she got home, she cried, “I‘m sooo tired!” And then she started-- (PUMPKIN makes a snoring sound) --and she knocked over a candle, and it singed her kimono and her futon started smoking, and Mother came in and said, “Pumpkin! You must stay awake, all night, so Hatsumomo doesn’t burn down the whole okiya!” (a breath, and then) When I am a geisha I will sleep as late as I want. I will wear a fancy kimono, and my hair will be in a split-peach!
2) 3) dialog: Why can’t you be QUIET? Pumpkin freezes in terror. Even with tousled hair and smudged mascara, Hatsumomo is gorgeous. She spies CHIYO instantly, and gives her a long, slow appraisal. , HATSUMOMO (cont'd) So this ‘is the’ new arrival? A pity she still stinks of fish. She lights a cigarette casually and moves toward Chiyo. Mother steps. out onto the veranda: HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d) Hope you didn’t pay much for her, Mother. Not with those eyes. Water runs away. Mother dumps her tobacco ashes into a bin:
2) 5) dialog: Stay out of my room. Your fingers smell; I can’t have you touching my things. Her fingers linger.
2) 18) text: Why, look who's in my room. Chiyo jumps up. Hatsumomo snatches up her dusting powder: HATSUMOMO (cont ’d) Did you touch this?? (sniffs, sarcastic) I can just hear the General now. “Why, Hatsumomo. You used to smell of jasmine; what’s this new perfume?” (wrinking her nose in distaste) “Blowfish?” (savagely) I told you never to touch my things! Can't you understand why?
2) 20) dialog: > At least you don’t smell as bad as your sister. (MORE)
2) 21) text: 26 17 HATSUMOMO (cont'd) You know she was here. She came by, looking for you.
2) 23) dialog: (ingenuous) ‘ Was I wrong to ask her to leave?
2) 25) dialog: Only if you swear yourself to me first. Yes? Now get out.
5) 2) dialog: I’m not in the mood for beer.
5) 4) dialog: What did you say? *
5) 6) dialog: You’re just jealous someone cares for me! 22
5) 8) dialog: Guess who this belongs to? ‘ ' Hatsumomo wets an ink block: HATSUMOMO (cont'd) I will give you a clue. A geisha as desired as she is...ought to keep a close eye on her clothes!
5) 10) dialog: Bribed her maid. She laughs, enjoying her own cleverness. Hatsumomo dips a calligraphy brush, and gives it to Korin. Korin begins giggling; she has a failure of nerve:
5) 12) dialog: There. Chiyo hesitates. Their eyes lock: HATSUMOMO (cont'd) Remember? You swore yourself to me. Chiyo reluctantly takes up the brush. HATSUMOMO (cont‘d) Now then, little Chiyo. It’s time to practice your calligraphy. 33 34 35 23 Hatsumomo points to a place on the kimono. Chiyo touches brush to the milky fabric, leaving a smear of heavy black ink. Korin giggles. Hatsumomo glares at Chiyo as if to sa “Again.” Chiyo wets her brush a second time. EXT. MAMEHA‘S APARTMENT BUILDING NEAR THE SONOGAWA. NIGHT
5) 13) text: Hatsumomo and Korin huddle with Chiyo in the shadows:
5) 14) dialog: Do not let anybody see you. Chiyo walks quickly and leaves the folded kimono at the d A figure opens the door, flooding Chiyo’s face with light Chiyo sees a beautiful woman--MAMEHA (29)--whose long lon glossy hair flows over a nearly transparent kimono. Their eyes meet. Chiyo runs blindly --
6) 5) dialog: I told you not to let anybody see you. , Chiyo turns on her with tears of pain:
6) 7) dialog: She's in the next hanamachi in a house called Tatsuyo. (beat) Trust me, little Chiyo. You will find her. cur TO:
6) 9) dialog: Tighter! And BEKKU gives another fierce yank. The sound of Hatsumomo’s sharp little cry stops Chiyo, who peeks throu the doorway. Hatsumomo catches Chiyo’s face in the mirror HATSUMOMO (cont'd) Chiyo! You will walk me to the Yukimoto teahouse, won't you? They lock eyes; a private communique sizzles between them HATSUMOMO (cont‘d) Then you will stand and wait for me? 41 42 43 44 45 46 26 EXT. HANAMACHI STREETS. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER]. They set out, Chiyo, shivering, holding a scarlet oiled-p umbrella high over Hatsumomo as she lifts her kimono abov the puddles. EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. RAIN. [WINTER]. Rain batters down. Chiyo, soaked to the bone, waits under scant shelter of the red umbrella. EXT: YUKIMOTO TEAHOUSE COURTYARD. NIGHT. RAIN. {WINTER]. The tea room’s front doors are open slightly to the courtyard. Through a decorative screen, we glimpse for th first time the hidden teahouse world:
6) 30) dialog: What?
6) 32) dialog: Stupid girl! In the okiya, a light comes on. HATSUMOMO (cont‘d) Why have you come back? The perfect chance to escape... They freeze as they hear Taku start barking madly inside. KOICHI finishes pulling on his clothes. HATSUMOMO (cont‘d) Koichi, please--
6) 34) dialog: Koichi, don’t--
6) 36) dialog: (to KOICHI) Go! Now! Koichi ducks out the side path -- just as Mother and bark Taku appear at the tatami room door onto the veranda:
6) 38) dialog: Look! Okasan! I caught her. She was running away with her sister, the whore. Hatsumomo snatches Chiyo’s kimono open. Money spills out. Mother whirls on Chiyo and begins beating her.
6) 41) dialog: --after all we have done for her--
6) 43) dialog: 
14) 6) dialog: She is not ready? We will be late! Pumpkin takes her in, dismayed. Bekku laughs:
14) 8) dialog: Hurry up.
14) 11) text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swir snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees: Pumpkin’s shamisen._ Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatch up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
22) 38) dialog: It's that kimono. (to Chiyo) She remembers how you destroyed it. Now she wants to get even. 78 48
22) 40) dialog: (ignoring Mother's jibe) Poor little Chiyo. I fear for you.
25) 0) text: --catches it onstage, in a dance rehearsal 10 MAIKO her o age. She glances down the line of dancers to see Pumpkin. In the audience, Hatsumomo and Mameha watch their fledgli maiko. They don’t acknowledge one another; their eyes are fixed on the stage. Meanwhile, Pumpkin grins coyly at her friend Chiyo, and c her tongue in a “split peach”, just as she did when they children. Chiyo suppresses a smile, and executes a gracef turn without missing a beat. Pumpkin, however, is fatally amused by her own hijinks; she’s thrown off balance and d her fan. Mameha casts a discreet, competitive look in Hatsumomo’s direction, to gauge her response. Hatsumomo sits with her back stiff, and shoots Pumpkin a look that could straight bonsai tree-- CLOSE UP: --as a coal stick glides across an arched eyebr accentuating it with black---
28) 0) text: The TEAHOUSE OWNER--teetering with a tray stacked with sa and beer--barrels down the deep red hallway toward the te room. LAUGHTER and conversation spill from the room as sh flings open the shoji doors. EIGHT MEN are seatled in conversational groups at low tab around three sides of the room. In the seat of honor, we recognize The Baron. The OTHER MEN are mostly older and a wealthy, their spirits loosened by sake. The host, Hatsumomo's favorite client THE GENERAL (55, chainsmoker) wears a Japanese military uniform. TWO GEISHA move gracefully among the tables, serving sake they chat among the men. Behind a screen, before they make their entrance:
28) 10) dialog: Baron...Forgive me for intruding - General Tottori was good enough to ask us to call. The General, tipsy, has no memory of it but he is pleased fill her cup with sake. Sayuri and Mameha end the dance, the men applaud. 61 HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d) What a beautiful dance! Yes, Pumpkin? Deftly, Hatsumomo takes a fan from Pumpkin and demonstrat HATSUMOMO (cont ‘d) Her fans are so hypnotic that you never ndtice her feet. (turns to Sayuri) What is your name?
28) 12) dialog: “Sayuri” - a name as sweet as she is! (to the General) I‘m afraid these days, even a common chambermaid can call herself a geisha. {her eyes narrowing in Sayuri's direction) So it's nice to see such a sincere young maiko. Isn’t it?
28) 16) dialog: Sometimes, the wisest remark is to say nothing.
28) 19) text: 98 62 Sayuri bows low to Hatsumomo.
28) 20) dialog: I was a maiko myself once.
28) 22) dialog: Little Sayuri has studied to be a geisha for such a short time, she hasn‘t learned her manners. (to the General) Tell me. Would you ever send a man into battle before he's ready?
28) 24) dialog: (to Mameha) Perhaps her debut came too soon.
28) 26) dialog: I shall destroy you. 99 100 63 With another vicious yank, Hatsumomo leaves her.
30) 22) text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows: MAMEHA (cont'd) Konbanwa. At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Say obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake to Sayuri impatiently. . Il ‘
30) 39) dialog: Konbonwa. * (She notices Nobu‘s gift) * Ah, what a beautiful comb! * Kneeling, she takes the comb from the box and--with a surgeon’s precision--places the comb in Sayuri’s hair. HATSUMOMO (cont'd) Such a joyous moment, Sayuri! (with a glance at Nobu, * and then to Sayuri) * You are finally getting what you deserve. As Hatsumomo steps away, Sayuri lifts her gaze in time to catch the Chairman's guarded expression.
30) 41) dialog: And now will you excuse us, please? * We have another engagement. * (to Mameha) * Many, in fact. * (as they leave) * Pumpkin! * And--like a sudden tsunami--they vanish. Discreetly, Mame produces from her sleeve the origami box: The mizuage cak Bowing to Nobu, Sayuri covertly slips the box into his unscarred hand. Flustered, Nobu covers it with his scarre hand at once. Chairman intuits what has happened, looks away. Sayuri whispers:
35) 0) text: At the table Sayuri, Pumpkin, Mother and Auntie eat their meal. Hatsumomo stalks in, the crumpled poster in her han
35) 1) dialog: Who is responsible for this?
35) 6) dialog: (to Sayuri, insinuating) What did Mameha do? Speak to the director “in private?”
35) 8) dialog: I am looking forward to your performance. (with venom) You know how I adore watching you dance, Chiyo. She departs, with a flick of her finger upturning a dish sauce over the poster of Sayuri.
36) 16) text: 122 123 124 89 MAMEHA (V.O.)(cont’d) There's a reason Hatsumomo wants you there. I. know the Baron well, Sayuri. He has a weakness for women like us...and he doesn't take refusal lightly!
39) 11) text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone. In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch keeps tucked in her obi. Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They he the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
39) 12) dialog: How much longer is this going to take? Sayuri doesn’t gratify Hatsumomo with a reaction. The TELEPHONE rings again. HATSUMOMO (cont'd) Besides, who wants a plum, when someone has already had a bite?
39) 13) text: She and Bekku exchange a covert look of triumph. Sayuri hears the shoji door slide open. Mameha steps out, and passes Mother a slip of. paper. Hatsumomo scoffs. HATSUMOMO (cont'd) What is it? Twenty yen? Thirty? Mother fixes her glasses to her nose and peers at it anxiously: ' .
39) 24) dialog: (enraged) You wouldn‘t dare-—
39) 26) dialog: But you promised the okiya to Pumpkin--
39) 30) dialog: But I have given you my life--
39) 32) dialog: Who paid for the silk on your back? The rice in your bowl? The tobacco in that pipe of yours?
39) 34) dialog: (sensing what’s to come) Don‘t say it-- .
39) 36) dialog: Stop itt ‘
39) 38) dialog: Enough!
39) 42) dialog: My dear, okasan...we will see, won't we? Mother turns to her newly-adopted daughter:
42) 2) text: Hatsumomo, lounges on Sayuri’s futon with her back to the door. A single oil lamp on a low table lights the room:
42) 4) dialog: I came to congratulate you.
42) 6) dialog: why, little Chiyo! Look what I found. (MORE )
42) 8) text: HATSUMOMO = (cont'd) (re: handkerchief) --his initials; how elegant. You‘ve been hiding this for a long time-- Hatsumomo dips the handkerchief into an oil lamp. HATSUMOMO (cont’d) The sacrifice every Geisha must make--
42) 10) dialog: Isn’t this where you keep it? Next to your heart? Sayuri rips Hatsumomo’s kimono open. As they struggle for the handkerchief, Sayuri’s HAIR ORNAMENT falls out onto t floor; it has a long lethal- ~looking double-pronged shaf pointed tips. Both women seize on the same thought: It is weapon. Hatsumomo darts for the ornament but Sayuri snatches it u and holds it like a knife. Hatsumomo tries to wrench it f her. In a counter-move, with sumo-like agility: Sayuri releases the hair ornament to grab the handkerchief away Hatsumomo. With a cry, Hatsumomo flies at her, stabbing at Sayuri wi the lethal hair pin. Sayuri flees - -- into the corridor, where she knocks into one of severa oil lamps. It sways crazily, making bizarre shadows. Sayu ducks away. Hatsumomo yanks Sayuri back, off-balance. Sayuri twists f but stumbles and nearly falls down the tansu stairs. She catches herself. Hatsumomo swipes at her with the hair pin. Sayuri recover and runs into HER OWN ROOM, slamming the shoji. Hatsumomo stabs the fragile old rice paper, puncturing it so-- eee OF *
42) 13) text: -- the hair pin barely misses Sayuri’s face on the other side. Sayuri recoils. Hatsumomo throws open the shoji wit a Madwoman’s strength. She runs at Sayuri -~ Sayuri deflects the blow with a pillow. Hatsumomo slashes the pillow, and buckwheat husks fly. Sayuri throws the pillow at Hastumomo’s face. Hatsumomo swipes blindly with the hairpin, hacking away at the air --
42) 16) dialog: I’ should have left long ago!
42) 18) dialog: Very well...but before I go, let me end this...my gift to all of youl! she picks up the oil lamp and throw’s it at Sayuri‘s kimo They ignite, sparking a flame. In great gulps, FIRE devours the water image on one of Sayuri‘s kimono. Mother grabs Sayuri’s quilt and tries to smother the flam Sayuri snatches her kimono, trying to save them. Inspired now, Hatsumome bolts for the corridor and grabs another o lamp off the wall. She hurls it toward Sayuri, who ducks. The lamp crashes against a rice paper wall, and ignites i Pumpkin rushes up the tansu stairs. Hatsumomo cracks an o lamp against the wall, showering glass on Pumpkin. Shaken Pumpkin retreats down the stairs. In the KIMONO ROOM, Auntie desperately grabs red lacquere boxes. Pumpkin rushes to her aid. 5 Upstairs,
43) 0) text: Aftermath and a red sky. “In the quiet dawn, Hatsumomo wa away, bereft of everything, even her household possession She turns back to stare at the okiya a final time, her fa smeared with ash. | : * The second floor is blackened by fire, but the house stil stands. Through the skeletal frame of a shoji screen wind Sayuri watches as Hatsumomo turns, vanishing into the mis From above, the MENACING ROAR of AIRPLANES. A FORMATION O ALLIED BOMBERS flies low over the torii gate, their * Bilhovuettes terrifying against the reddish sky. * Suddenly, the LURCHING ROAR of MILITARY TRUCKS--