21) 0) text: Chiyo sees Mameha, and crumples inside with fear (the rui kimono!). She bows low to hide her face, as Mameha steps of her sandals and goes inside.
22) 0) text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk set up with pen and paper and abacus. Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the cr Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpki crane to hear:
22) 2) dialog: I was only thinking on your behalf...Now that your beloved Granny is gone, you have no need for a maid--
22) 4) dialog: Just think how she would enrich your okiya!
22) 6) dialog: A geisha returns her investment faster than a maid. Chiyo whispers to Pumpkin, incredulous:
22) 9) dialog: You flatter me, truly--
22) 11) dialog: ~-please, I would never dream of asking--
22) 14) dialog: Oh?
22) 18) dialog: --yes?-- 46
22) 20) dialog: (brass tacks now ) I will cover Chiyo’s schooling. All of. her expenses. Till after her debut. ‘
22) 22) dialog: I could not be more sincere. If Chiyo hasn't repaid her debt within six months after her debut--
22) 24) dialog: (resolutely) ~-then I will pay you twice over. 2 Mother is astonished by the proposal -- but not more astonished than Pumpkin and Chiyo in the hallway:
22) 26) dialog: You see? I am willing to assume all the risk.
22) 28) dialog: I am certain you will not object to one, trivial condition...
22) 30) dialog: If Chiyo erases her debt in the time allowed...you will have no part in her future earnings. 77 47
22) 45) text: Along the Sonogawa, ICICLES melt from the trees, dripping jewel-like droplets. In the foreground sits the Baron‘s impressive automobile. Chiyo hesitates outside Mameha’s apartment, shivering and summoning her courage. She sees: A handsome man, THE BARON (45), emerges from th apartment, with Mameha seeing him out. Chiyo bows humbly:
22) 48) dialog: Chiyo is my new protege.
23) 0) text: In Mameha‘s light-washed, calm apartment:
23) 1) dialog: The Baron is a very special man to me; my danna. Someday if you are fortunate, you will have a patron, teo. Don't kneel. You’re not a servant girl anymore. Embarrassed, Chiyo stands before her, head bowed, blushin MAMEHA (cont'd) Step into the light. Chiyo does; Mameha looks into her face. MAMEHA (cont'd) I see water in you.
23) 3) dialog: Water‘s powerful. It can wash away earth, put out fire, even destroy iron. But you have not drawn on those strengths, have you? Chiyo shakes her head mutely. Finally she whispers:
23) 5) dialog: You may apologize, if you wish. Chiyo drops and bows, her forehead on the mat - 50 MAMEHA (cont ‘d) Why, that is a perfect bow - for a pig farmer. Don’t drop your head. Fingertips together; elbows in. No weight on the hands. Yes. Chiyo accomplishes a correct bow. MAMEHA (cont’d) As for that kimono - I am no fool, Chiyo. Hatsumomo cannot tolerate competition.
23) 7) dialog: Not me, I’m afraid. (with significance) Someone closer to home. CHIYO blushes. MAMEHA (cont’d) Rise. Not like a horse. Slide your foot forward - that’s it. Now walk. (watching her) You are a magnificent geisha! Mameha walks Chiyo over to the window seat overlooking th stream. They sit. MAMEHA (cont‘d) Tell me, Chiyo, does Mrs. Nitta ever speak of the future?
23) 9) dialog: Well, someday soon, she will have to name an heir. One of her own geisha, to succeed her. (leading her) Strange, isn’t it, that she has not adopted Hatsumomo-—
23) 12) dialog: On the contrary; that is our goal. Surprised, Chiyo splashes the tea as it is handed to her.
23) 14) dialog: Of course. If you do not inherit the okiya, then we will all be at the tiger’s mercy. Chiyo blows on her tea. Mameha stays her: MAMEHA (cont’d) Water’s always in such a hurry. (smiles) Perhaps it is just as well. We have no time to lose. Mameha takes up her cup, and Chiyo follows. cut TO:
24) 2) dialog: I‘m afraid it’s the other way around. (MORE)
24) 3) text: 52 MAMEHA (cont'd) (then) Focus on your studies, Chiyo. Music, the art of conversation. Contrary to popular opinion, that’s the surest way to attract a danna; on your feet...not off them. Carrying their towels to conceal their naked bodies, they step into a tiled room filled with steam.. MAMEHA (cont ’d) Pretend, for example, that I am pouring tea... Mameha sits on a bathing stool, using bathing implements “teapot” and “cup”. MAMEHA (cont‘d) You kneel, just so. You angle the pot low, spout close to the cup, so the aroma does not escape... She mimes pouring. MAMEHA (cont'd) Now here is where you can add a touch of intrigue. Say I’m entertaining the Baron. Like so many clients, he is trapped in an arranged marriage with a woman he does not love. So--in the teahouse, when he is seeking my company instead--I reward him. Like this. She drapes the washcloth like a “kimono sleeve.” MAMEHA (cont'd) With a glimpse of my wrist. Seeing that demure little trace of naked skin...well, it gives him pleasure. As Chiyo practices pouring while holding her “kimono slee MAMEHA (cont’d) When you are sitting down-- (crowding Chiyo) - for the briefest moment, press your leg against his. (when Chiyo starts to giggle) Always by accident, of course! Or, this -
24) 4) text: 81 82 53 Mameha tucks up damp tendrils at her nape, demonstrating: MAMEHA (cont'd) Or this: "These little hairs are such a nuisance, always trying to escape.”
24) 6) dialog: Oh, dear. We have leapt from “intermediate” to “advanced” so quickly. You maiko are supposed to be all innocence. (subtly wicked smile) At first. They drop their towels and step into the bath.
25) 0) text: --catches it onstage, in a dance rehearsal 10 MAIKO her o age. She glances down the line of dancers to see Pumpkin. In the audience, Hatsumomo and Mameha watch their fledgli maiko. They don’t acknowledge one another; their eyes are fixed on the stage. Meanwhile, Pumpkin grins coyly at her friend Chiyo, and c her tongue in a “split peach”, just as she did when they children. Chiyo suppresses a smile, and executes a gracef turn without missing a beat. Pumpkin, however, is fatally amused by her own hijinks; she’s thrown off balance and d her fan. Mameha casts a discreet, competitive look in Hatsumomo’s direction, to gauge her response. Hatsumomo sits with her back stiff, and shoots Pumpkin a look that could straight bonsai tree-- CLOSE UP: --as a coal stick glides across an arched eyebr accentuating it with black---
26) 1) dialog: Beauty is cruelty. 87 88 89 90 91 55 Chiyo grimaces in protest-- INT. CHIYO’S ROOM. NIGHT. [WINTER] ~ DAY --as Mother replaces her pillow with a wooden stand. Next Mother sprinkles rice powder liberally around the base. I her new split-peach hairstyle, Chiyo rests her neck on th stand; she ‘tries itto make herself comfortable, closing eyes-- INT. CHIYO’S ROOM. MORNING. [WINTER] --which open the next morning. Slowly Chiyo realizes her head has slid off the wooden stand. Rice powder is matted her hair and eyelashes. She tries in vain to pluck it out Hatsumomo stands in the doorway, laughing--
26) 4) dialog: The fortune-teller suggested November 3rd for your debut-- 87 88 89 90 91 92 56
26) 6) dialog: Sooner? (laughing) Water certainly likes to rush! CLOSE UP: --in quick succession, eight silk bands called are drawn and bound-- MAMEHA (cont'd) You cannot call yourself a true geisha until you can stop a man in his tracks, with a single look. CLOSE UP: --a lavishly embroidered cream kimono closes, l over right--
26) 8) dialog: Choose someone for me. Chiyo indicates a PASSING MAN who walks absently toward t Mameha takes a few small steps, her eyes downcast. As the Man reaches her, Mameha lifts her eyes to meet his. The M stops, he turns to watch Mameha go. Chiyo, amazed, hurries to catch up with Mameha.
26) 10) dialog: Perhaps.
27) 3) dialog: Make him fall over. With one look. Close up: --eyes flash in a hand mirror-- Chiyo hesitates anxiously. Then she sees a solution: A TRUCK is backing slowly out of an alley. In a split-second, Chiyo boldly steps into the street and stares directly into the Delivery Boy’s face as he passes Surprised, the Boy momentarily turns his head -- -- then hears a truck’s HORN. The Boy brakes and swerves The bicycle’s heavy load topples, spilling its driver and cargo across the pavement, Mameha sends Chiyo a wry look. CLOSE UP: ---a tin make-up box slams shut-- MAMEHA (cont ‘d) You are ready.
27) 5) text: Chiyo looks to Mameha. Even Bekku’s impressed. * 94 95
27) 11) dialog: This binds us together forever as sisters. Today you leave your childhood and cast away your name. From this day forward, you will be known by a new one...with the same lilt, the same music as the water you resemble... (a pause, and then) .--"Sayuri.” Sayuri, formerly Chiyo, bows her head in gratitude. 96
28) 1) dialog: Tonight, you will attend the Baron. CHIYO looks at her, uncertain. Isn‘t he Mameha‘s territor MAMEHA (cont'd) A new maiko always attends the honored guest. Ready?
28) 8) dialog: Now don’t tease, Baron. It's her very first time.
28) 9) dialog: Mameha’‘s fingers pluck the strings of her shamisen, accompanying Sayuri. Sayuri gracefully dances with two fans, just as Mameha ta her. As Sayuri dramatically tosses and catches one of the fans, she sees: The Teahouse Owner leading in Hatsumomo and Pumpkin. Hatsumomo seductively advances on the Baron’s table, Pump in tow.
28) 11) dialog: Her name is Sayuri.
28) 14) dialog: (to Sayuri) Surely you would like to thank Hatsumomo for her gracious compliments.
28) 18) dialog: Sayuri--
28) 31) dialog: She can destroy you. She will spread rumors, stalk you from tea- house to tea-house, then steal your clients and turn them over to Pumpkin! All in the hope that Mrs. Nitta adopts Pumpkin instead of you!
28) 33) dialog: We've got to out-wit her. To find a safe haven...somewhere beyond her reach, where you can practice your skills without any interference. And I’ve found just the place. (gives her a card) Your first sumo match.
28) 35) dialog: (nodding) It is sold out. Hatsumomo could not gain admission if she were a rat and scurried under the seats. SAYURI smiles, her appetite whetted. MAMEHA (cont'd) Today you will meet Iwamura Ken. He founded the Iwamura Electric Company in Osaka. (MORE)
28) 39) dialog: He does npt approve of us. * Off Sayuri’s dismayed look: MAMEHA (cont'd) You like a challenge, don't you? Mameha laughs merrily, as the RICKSHAW passes over a grac bridge in the Japanese countryside.
29) 0) text: Suspended over the mounded dohyo (clay sumo ring) is a ro resembling a,Shinto shrine, and hung at the corners with giant colored tassels honoring the four season. All aroun the ring rise tiers of boxes filled with kneeling SPECTAT In the ring, two almost naked rikishi (FIRST PAIR OF SUMO WRESTLERS) are already in combat as Mameha and Sayuri mak their way to the first tier boxes .~ As Sayuri and Mameha approach the box where their clients wait, MEN turn their heads, looking to see which box will receive the honor of two such beautiful geishas.
29) 5) dialog: Nobu Toshikazu-san. Nobu gives a shout as THE SECOND SET OF WRESTLERS mount t ring. Mameha seats Sayuri between the Chairman and Nobu, manages to whisper in Sayuri’s ear: MAMEHA (cont'd) Injured in Manchuria. War hero.
29) 7) text: CHAIRMAN (cont'd) (gestures around tent) Did you notice our contribution? Mameha notices the electric lights, gives a delighted cry
29) 8) dialog: Lovely! The CHAIRMAN turns to Sayuri:
29) 10) dialog: It was in the newspaper, wasn't it?
29) 16) dialog: Korin, that little jade! She has brought a guest. They see: Hatsumomo looks through opera glasses at the Chairman. Mameha raises her fan for a private tete-a-tete with Sayuri: MAMEHA (cont ‘d) Quick, Turn your attention to Nobu--
29) 18) dialog: (rapid-fire) She finds him repulsive. She’d never steal him away. Mislead her. Mameha lowers her fan. Instantly Sayuri shifts the teapot Nobu's cup. The Chairman's face falls, but he works to conceal his disappointment. Sayuri improvises:
29) 29) dialog: I am afraid our time has come to a close--
29) 40) dialog: And violates all his high-minded morals? Never.
29) 42) dialog: (musing) Yes....he did, didn’t he? (back to business) In the days ahead, Sayuri, I am going to require all your trust. I have it, don’t I? Sayuri nods. MAMEHA (cont'd) Good! Then our only enemy is time. 70 CcuT TO:
30) 4) dialog: Tonight, we will deliver a quick blow to Hatsumomo. Hataki komi.
30) 6) dialog: We will meet Nobu-san at the Tsunashima restaraunt. But * first....a visit to Dr. Crab! Mameha ‘pinches the end of a smouldering charcoal pencil
30) 8) dialog: Hold still. It’s a little nickname he has earned over the years. Mameha pokes her eyebrow charcoal into the slit to mark Sayuri’s leg. Sayuri looks on bewildered. MAMEHA (cont'd) Now cut your leg where I've marked it.
30) 12) dialog: (suddenly, harshly) Do you trust me, or don’t you? Well? Mameha’s dead seridus. Sayuri picks up the knife, her fac study in perplexion.
30) 14) dialog: Go ahead! Do it! Sayuri swallows hard, then presses the blade against the charcoal mark on her thigh. She gives a gasp of pain. Mam says, almost with a lilt: . MAMEHA (cont ‘d) And now we go fishing for a certain Crab... INT. DR. CRAB’S CLINIC & HOME. HANAMACHI. DAY. [SPRING] 1 DR. CRAB (45, odd, meticulous) wears a metal head reflect
30) 16) dialog: It won’t leave a scar, will it? Sayuri is a special girl at a very special time in her life. Dr. Crab instantly understands the allusion, of course. 108 109
30) 21) dialog: Ekubo. At the right moment, slip it to Nobu. Discreetly.. (at her puzzled look) He will know what it means. The MAIDS bring in trays. Sayuri and Mameha follow them i kimono hems ruffling in a liquid flow.
30) 22) text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows: MAMEHA (cont'd) Konbanwa. At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Say obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake to Sayuri impatiently. . Il ‘
30) 24) dialog: Please forgive us, Nobu-san. With an apologetic smile, Sayuri quickly takes up his bot Sayuri sees: Hatsumomo, spilling gossip into the General’ ear. In response, the General glances over at Nobu and laughs. Then he whispers the gossip to the person next to him. Soon, the scuttlebutt is circling the table. Sayuri realizes--with a jolt--that Nobu is speaking to he
30) 32) text: The Chairman smiles at Nobu’s modesty. A maid brings in a tray of fresh sake, and places it on t table. Nobu produces a small box wrapped in silk. He unwraps it, and hands it to Sayuri. t NOBU (cont’d) (downplaying the gift) It’s a trinket. I found it a few days ago. An awkward silence. Sayuri, The Chairman and Mameha are a speechless. Finally:
31) 0) text: Mameha hurries along, Sayuri tries to keep up. She looks miserable, but Mameha is elated: 77
31) 3) dialog: (surprised) You’re upset.
31) 5) dialog: (her voice rising in defense) I am ensuring your future--
31) 7) dialog: I am trying to orchestrate a bidding war.
31) 9) dialog: Your most precious attribute.
31) 11) dialog: Your mizuage. The rickshaw pulls away.
33) 0) text: Mameha and Sayuri arrive at the entrance door. The TEA HO OWNER (female, 60, sophisticated) stops them:
34) 0) text: As they walk, Mameha and Sayuri talk in low tones:
34) 1) dialog: We can still prevent it.
34) 3) dialog: Forget about him. There are plenty of other fish in the sea.
34) 6) dialog: Sayuri! Nobu and the Chairman are business paxtners. They would never bid against one another. (beat) ‘ It is time we cast a wider net-- Mameha smiles, the wheels in her head turning.
34) 9) dialog: Suppose you were the object of every man’s fantasy——
34) 11) dialog: --and became the most famous geisha in all Miyako--
34) 13) dialog: You will be--~ Hatsumomo sees a festival poster on a kiosk and stares in disbelief: the PAINTING of a maiko with silver eyes can o be Sayuri. She tears it down with a “rip.”
36) 0) text: From the wings we see 10 MAIKO on stage in identical cost ~ Pumpkin among them, nervous and trying hard -- twirling brilliantly colored fans. a 119 85 Sayuri‘’s hands tremble as she tries in vain to slide a g ornament into her hair. Mameha glides into view in her mirror; she presses her cheek to Sayuri’s and whispers:
36) 1) dialog: They‘ve all come...The Baron, Nobu- san, our beloved Hatsumomo and that dapper General of hers--
36) 3) dialog: (arching an eyebrow) Even your old friend, Dr. Crab. Gently, Mameha takes the glass ornament from Sayuri’s ner fingers, and expertly places it in her coiffure.
36) 5) dialog: Shhhh. You will be glorious! Now it’s time.
36) 16) text: 122 123 124 89 MAMEHA (V.O.)(cont’d) There's a reason Hatsumomo wants you there. I. know the Baron well, Sayuri. He has a weakness for women like us...and he doesn't take refusal lightly!
39) 1) dialog: I heard a message on the wind. Alone with Mameha, Sayuri stands, head bowed: MAMEHA (cont’d) So careless! (choking back furious sobs) You have ruined all our plans!
39) 3) dialog: Please, Sayuri, do not insult me--I know the Baron better than that--
39) 5) dialog: You sold yourself for a kimono?? 128 94
39) 7) dialog: Today's the day I accept bids for your mizuage! Well, what price can I hope to demand, with a finger pointed at your back?
39) 9) dialog: You will be examined at the mizuage ceremony. If you're found to be worthless -
39) 11) text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone. In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch keeps tucked in her obi. Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They he the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
39) 13) text: She and Bekku exchange a covert look of triumph. Sayuri hears the shoji door slide open. Mameha steps out, and passes Mother a slip of. paper. Hatsumomo scoffs. HATSUMOMO (cont'd) What is it? Twenty yen? Thirty? Mother fixes her glasses to her nose and peers at it anxiously: ' .
39) 15) dialog: I trust you agree; I have won the wager. Mother gapes at Sayuri, mute. MAMEHA (cont’d) Sayuri’s made history. No mizuage has ever been sold for more. Not even mine. (a dramatic pause, and then) Fifteen thousand yen. Sayuri stares, stunned. Hatsumomo and Pumpkin are floored Bekku chokes, Auntie begins to cry.
39) 45) dialog: I’m happy to forsake my share of * the money, on Sayuri’s behalf. As * Miyako’s most renowned geisha, she * will no doubt be a credit to us * all. * she turns to Sayuri, and says soulfully: * MAMEHA (cont'd) * May I congratulate you both. Mameha bow and leaves. Sayuri hurries after her:
40) 0) text: Sayuri catches Mameha in the street: : *
40) 2) dialog: Isn‘t success sweet?
40) 4) dialog: Dr. Crab. From Sayuri, a sharp intake of breath.
40) 6) text: ’ MAMEHA Nobu did not bid. It was against his mighty principals. (beat, then painfully) Dr. Crab was opposed by The Baron. My Baron. You want to know the truth, Sayuri? {a difficult confession) He was the highest bidder. Forgive me...but I let it go to Dr. Crab. I think you understand why. 130 131
40) 9) dialog: Of course you are! Wo man would bid so much for a thing he had already taken. It is my own fault. I did not protect you. : And then Mameha brushes aside these serious thoughts in f of a more tender one:
40) 10) text: MAMEHA (cont’d) * Celebrate this moment, Sayuri. * Tonight, the lights in the * Hanamachi all burn for you. * She bows a deeply respectful bow. Sayuri returns it.
45) 2) dialog: Chairman! They are sending us away, but they won‘t say where--
45) 4) dialog: Sayuri-chan! I will write to you!
45) 47) dialog: Only “geesha girls"! Every hooker with a painted face and a silk kimono says she’s one of us! No one can tell the difference anymore!
45) 49) dialog: Why?
45) 51) dialog: Sayuri...when my poor Baron filled his pockets with stone...I was desperate. What could I do? I sold my kimono. I traded my jade combs for rations. It was painful at first, but I have made my peace. A FEMALE BOARDER carries' HER BABY through the room, en r to the street. When she’s out of ear-shot, Mameha continu MAMEHA (cont'd) Now I make a small but tidy living, renting rooms. I am not about to start chasing the past--
45) 53) dialog: How?
45) 55) dialog: Well...I did keep one kimono. Sayuri looks up, hopeful. Mameha rummages among her thing and takes out an ornate kimono box: MAMEHA (cont'd) The Baron gave it to me, when he became my danna. They reverently caress the fabrics: Gorgeous relics of a now lost. Saruyi‘s eyes brim with gratitude.
45) 57) dialog: So tell me. What do we know about entertaining Americans?
50) 2) text: \ ) Pumpkin gestures to the men to come and join the ladi and Mameha are already relaxing in the pools. Derricks, Hutchins, Nobu and the Chairman slide over to them. By Japanese custom, everyone is naked. A wooden tray floats, holding bottles of sake.
51) 22) dialog: Nonsense-—- 160 161
51) 25) dialog: (shecked) You cannot refuse him. You must not!
51) 27) dialog: What is he to think? He safeguarded your life--
51) 29) dialog: Sayuri. I know what's it like to try and scrape by without a danna--
51) 34) dialog: What more can we expect? 124 162
51) 37) dialog: _ (beat) t never ‘allowed myself that.
51) 39) dialog: In time, you learn--
51) 41) dialog: Sayuri! We don’t become geisha to pursue our own destinies! (harshly) We become geisha because we have no choice. on Sayuri’s trapped expression ~- cur TO: