1) 2) dialog: {from within) Come in! 10 Auntie pushes open ‘a shoji screen, revealing a dark room where a RADIO plays. Through spirals of smoke, Chiyo can a neatly-coiffed woman kneeling before accounting books, smoking a long traditional pipe: MOTHER (40s, business woman). Auntie grips Chiyo and whispers:
1) 4) dialog: How old are you?
1) 6) dialog: Only nine? Mother makes: a dismissive sound and examines Chiyo‘’s di feet. She pulls up Chiyo’s dress to look at her straight legs; runs her thumb down Chiyo’s spine. Chiyo blurts:
1) 8) dialog: Let me see those eyes. Auntie stares. She hadn‘t noticed before. MOTHER (cont'd) Too much water.
1) 11) dialog: These country girls. Too late to send her back now. 20 11
1) 26) text: Inside, you wear these. Outside, these. We don’t display our naked feet like monkeys. Next, Mother impatiently wraps Chiyo in a servant‘’s kimo
1) 27) dialog: Remember to always shut the shed door, so the rats don’t get in. If I ever find it open--even an inch-- it’s the bamboo stick for you. Now get to work. Be quiet! Hatsumomo is sleeping. (calling) Pumpkin!
2) 1) text: Two nights ago Hatsumomo had to stay at the tea-house until dawn, entertaining three Judges--and when she got home, she cried, “I‘m sooo tired!” And then she started-- (PUMPKIN makes a snoring sound) --and she knocked over a candle, and it singed her kimono and her futon started smoking, and Mother came in and said, “Pumpkin! You must stay awake, all night, so Hatsumomo doesn’t burn down the whole okiya!” (a breath, and then) When I am a geisha I will sleep as late as I want. I will wear a fancy kimono, and my hair will be in a split-peach!
2) 4) dialog: I pay too much for all of you. Mother leaves. Smiling, Hatsumomo bends down and tucks ba Chiyo’s hair, a sisterly gesture.
2) 14) dialog: Chiyo! Chiyo yanks the window shut tightly. MOTHER (cont'd) Chiyo! Come quickly! 16 2 25 INT. HATSUMOMO‘S ROOM. DAY. [WINTER]. 25 Mother, cradling her ugly Japanese spaniel TAKU, slides o Hatsumomo’s door, revealing a room in disarray.
2) 15) dialog: Hatsumomo is at the bath house. Tidy up.' '
2) 17) dialog: Hatsumomo does not run this okiya. She gives Chiyo a sharp poke and Chiyo forces herself to into the room. Futon and quilts are piled in a tangled heap. Grimy white tabis and old wooden sushi boxes lie strewn among crumple tissues and spilled face powder and movie-photo magazines Chiyo leans down to pick up a box of powder; she does not hear Hatsumomo come in:
3) 8) dialog: Quick. Quick. For the first time since her arrival, Chiyo steps into th street. Pumpkin yanks her --
4) 9) text: The girls race along walkways to the school’s entrance, Pumpkin still chewing the squid -- ‘ YOUNG PUMPKIN (CONT’D) If you are not careful, Mother will toss you back onto the street, and then what? You will wind up with your obi tied in front.
5) 17) dialog: Thieving rat! That kimono was worth more than you!
6) 37) dialog: Show your face! Hidden in hér obi, Hatsumomo finds some money. Thinking fast, she stuffs the bills inside Chiyo’s kimono. Mother- bamboo stick in hand--halts at the sight of Chiyo and Hatsumomo in front of the store room. Taku is barking int the dark, toward the narrow side path. Auntie has come ou in her night kimono.
6) 39) dialog: You little thief! Chiyo, terrified, finally breaks her silence --
6) 45) dialog: You shut up. Take her arms. In the pouring rain, Auntie seizes her arms; Hatsumomo gi a startled cry. Mother reaches under Hatsumomo’s kimono a parts her legs. Mother withdraws her hand, smells her fingers. Hatsumomo chokes back a defiant tear. Her face i crimson, Mother slaps Hatsumomo hard, making her gasp. MOTHER (cont‘d) You are never to see him again. Her make-up running, Hatsumomo glares at Chiyo with full loathing. MOTHER (cont’d) Bolt the gate. No one is leaving this okiya. Chiyo’s face falls.
8) 2) dialog: Dr. Moro is very expensive. You seem to be racking up quite a debt. (ticks down the column) Kimono, destroyed. Geisha school. Rice and pickles, train ticket, Mr. Bekku - all this on top of the money I paid Mr. Tanaka, and for what? The two most worthless girls in Japan! (makes an entry) And now I hear that your sister has run away. I will have to return the money Mrs. Tatsuyo paid for her. That is quite a sum.
8) 4) dialog: (with a harrumph) Who can I send you home to? 55 34 Mother goes to her tansu and takes out a cloth-wrapped object. She unwraps two black lacquered tablets with gold letters. Chiyo recognizes them at once. MOTHER (cont'd) These came weeks ago from Mr. Tanaka. Mother leaves them. Auntie picks up the accompanying lett
9) 0) text: Her arm bandaged and wearing rags, Chiyo cleans all the household shoes; all around her are dozens of sandals. MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.) If I could sell off your bones to pay back all that you owe, I'd rip them right out of your body. 56 57 58 35 Mother drops her bundled school items and her shamisen, t returned,
11) 0) text: Chiyo places her wrapped shamisen and her school clothes books at the open classroom door: MOTHER’S VOICE (0.S.) Each week, a few coins, and maybe-- Maybe--by the end of your life, your debt will be paid. Inside, a group of 6 beautifully-costumed young MATKO (le a female teacher) rehearse for the “Spring Dances” with paddies of willow and cherry blossoms. Four other MAIKO w their turn. Chiyo notes the MAIKO without emotion; she knows now that this world is closed to her forever.
14) 5) dialog: With your hair like that, you look more like a Pumpkin than ever! Don’t poke your neck forward like a tortoise! -- as she plucks at Pumpkin with critical tweaks. Chiyo i all but invisible; Bekku absently kicks her aside. ‘ Hatsumomo appears, impossibly beautiful in a flamboyant kimono.
14) 9) dialog: This time - tune your shamisen before you play. When you make a fool of yourself, it is your Big Sister who gets the blame. (re: Pumpkin‘s tears) Stop crying! Your face will run.
14) 11) text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swir snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees: Pumpkin’s shamisen._ Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatch up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
20) 0) text: Mother notices a mysterious stranger at the front gate.
20) 1) dialog: Quick Chiyo, put up the screen. (to herself) Why is she here? Mother picks up Taku and disappears. Chiyo grabs the scre and rushes to obscure Pumpkin, who’s sitting, scooping ri into her mouth. Auntie barks:
22) 0) text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk set up with pen and paper and abacus. Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the cr Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpki crane to hear:
22) 1) dialog: Mameha-san, I know that you would never joke at an old lady's expense- Auntie inches the door open more, and the voices are clea
22) 3) dialog: But Chiyo?
22) 5) dialog: I have to tell you...she is unusually stupid. (beat) And her debt...!
22) 8) dialog: I would never question the great Mameha. But you could choose anyone in the Hanamachi--
22) 10) dialog: --I'd give you my Pumpkin, if she were not already tied to Hatsumomo--
22) 12) dialog: Besides, I can always sell Chiyo to Mrs. Tatsuyo. ” MAMEHA But with your eye for beauty and your nose for talent...surely you ) can see what a terrible waste that would be!
22) 13) dialog: If you were not the kind-hearted geisha I know you to be...then I might think you were dishonest. (beat) Even conniving.
22) 15) dialog: I might think you were scheming against Hatsumomo.
22) 17) dialog: Perhaps you can pique my interest with-~
22) 19) dialog: --your offer?
22) 21) dialog: Now I’m confident you are teasing--
22) 23) dialog: (scoffing) Impossible! Too little time!
22) 25) dialog: Why, no Geisha could ever-~
22) 27) dialog: Mameha-san, you might as well toss your money away!
22) 29) dialog: Yes?
22) 31) dialog: Mameha-san! My respect for you is too great...too vast...to allow you to make such a foolish wager. (clearly accepting her:) Let me fetch the account books. Chiyo drops her polishing rag and darts away. Pumpkin div back into her morning rice bowl. Auntie picks up the rag pretends to polish the door frame as Mother appears. Moth gives Auntie a look as she retrieves her books. INT. GRANNY’S OLD ROOM - THE OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER] 77
22) 32) dialog: It’s too good to be true. Mameha is up to something. Mother & Auntie draw the bamboo shade and open the window Granny’s dusty old room. They begin moving Granny’s thing out of what will now become CHIYO’S ROOM.
22) 34) dialog: Is that so? Chiyo undresses behind a simple cotton kimono that Pumpki holds open, changing out of servant's rags. She whispers:
22) 36) dialog: Absurd to think she noticed Chiyo -
22) 39) dialog: (askance at Hatsumomo) That sounds less like Mameha and more like another geisha I know.
22) 41) dialog: An odd picture, isn’t it? Hatsumomo sweeping into teahouse after teahouse with our little Pumpkin...and Mameha with our maid? Mother & Auntie shake their heads, astonished. Chiyo is paralysed with embarrassment. Mother and Auntie leave.
27) 7) dialog: Hurry up! You are not making money standing there gawking at yourself--
35) 0) text: At the table Sayuri, Pumpkin, Mother and Auntie eat their meal. Hatsumomo stalks in, the crumpled poster in her han
35) 2) dialog: Ask Mameha. Fumpkin stares at the poster, aghast. 117 118 84
35) 4) dialog: (to Pumpkin) It’s your own fault! You should practice more! (to Hatsumomo ) You keep her otit too late, dragging her from teahouse to teahouse-- Hatsumomo looks at Sayuri, outraged.
39) 11) text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone. In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch keeps tucked in her obi. Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They he the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
39) 13) text: She and Bekku exchange a covert look of triumph. Sayuri hears the shoji door slide open. Mameha steps out, and passes Mother a slip of. paper. Hatsumomo scoffs. HATSUMOMO (cont'd) What is it? Twenty yen? Thirty? Mother fixes her glasses to her nose and peers at it anxiously: ' .
39) 14) dialog: This can’t be the right amount--
39) 18) dialog: Of course none of it will go to Sayuri. Or to you, Mameha. This stops Mameha, short. Mother announces smugly: MOTHER (cont'd) It goes to this okiya. All fifteen thousand yen--to this estate--
39) 20) dialog: --which Sayuri will inherit, as my adopted daughter.
39) 25) dialog: (flaring too) I’m entitled to do as I choose--
39) 27) dialog: (scoffing at Pumpkin) Look at her! Still a virgin maiko! Choking back sobs, Pumpkin bolts from the room. Sayuri watches after her, her glee momentarily dimmed:
39) 29) dialog: Quiet, Sayuri! (back to Hatsumomo) I‘m no fool. Pumpkin would only be your puppet. How long will it take before you kick us out onto the street--
39) 31) dialog: Yes! Your impudence! Your foul temper!
39) 33) dialog: Don't exaggerate! You have never even had a danna--no, oh no-- 97
39) 35) dialog: You chose that no-good Koichi-~-
39) 37) dialog: Sneaking through your window at all hours of the night--
39) 39) dialog: Not like a geisha--like a common prostitute!--
39) 41) dialog: Besides, you are getting old. An icy chill descends between the two women. MOTHER (cont'd) But Sayuri... Sayuri is destined to become a legend. Simmering, Hatsumomo starts to leave.
39) 43) dialog: Sayuri, your room is too small. Take Hatsumomo’s. This stops Hatsumomo cold in her tracks; she shoots Sayur look that says, “I'm not done with yet.” MOTHER (cont'd) From now on, your name is Nitta Sayuri. 129
42) 0) text: The shoji screens. to the tatami room are open; Sayuri en to find Mother waiting. Mother rises and comes to her; in Sayuri‘s face, 4 change: the knowledge she has entered a realm. Tenderly, Mother cradles Sayuri’s face in her hand
42) 1) dialog: My daughter. You have turned the collar. You are a full geisha now. Sayuri smiles, coy but proud. She hurries up the tansu stairs to her room: INT. SAYURI'S NEW ROOM (HATSUMOMO'S OLD ROOM). NIGHT.
42) 15) dialog: (to Hatsumomo) I should have kicked you out long ago. Hatsumomo is breathing in frantic gasps, clutching her wr her clothing torn and her hair wild.
42) 17) dialog: Get out!
47) 0) text: Western sofas and chairs dominate the room, which is stac with liquor and cigarettes, sewing machine parts, light bulbs, samurai swords, K-rations - anything that can be s on the black-market. In a haze of tobacco smoke, a WOMAN with bobbed hair talks on the telephone. The black-market is Mother.
47) 1) dialog: Don’t waste my time. You think I’m a sucker? I want sixty cases Lucky Strike or I’m taking my business to Sergeant MacPhee... KIKO (9, Auntie’s new girl) runs through, carrying towels
62) 0) text: The wind rises. Sayuri raises her hand, and lets the handkerchief go. The wind seizes it and carries it away; with it, everything Sayuri has ever known. EXT. HANAMACHI STREETS. ANOTHER DAY. [AUTUMN]. A scorching red sun rises over Miyako, like a crimson hal the sky. INT. THE OKIYA. SAYURI’S ROOM. DAY [AUTUMN] Sayuri sits in darkness; the shoji screen flies open, and Mother appears, with Kiko underfoot
62) 1) dialog: Sayuri! Quickly! Sayuri lifts her eyes. MOTHER (cont ‘d) The Matsushima Teahouse just called- - you are to meet a very important client tonight--
62) 3) dialog: Iwamura Electric! It must be Nobu, yes? Sayuri’s jaw muscles clench, but she says nothing. Mother heads to the door and looks back with pride. MOTHER (cont ’‘d) The Americans are financing his company; he’s going to be one of the richest men in Osaka! Surely he wants to honor his promise...to become your danna at last! Mother beams with pride at Sayuri. Inside, Sayuri crumble MOTHER (cont'd) It’s about time. Finally, a return on my investment. (MORE )
62) 6) text: MOTHER (cont’d) (to Kiko) Perhaps one day, you will be as lucky! Sayuri looks at Kiko sadly, then says almost to herself: