29) 3) text: As Sayuri gazes momentously into the face she has longed see, the Chairman abruptly averts his eyes, and speaks instead to NOBU:
29) 11) dialog: With the Chairman's picture, yes? (teasing his friend) You compensate for all my shortcomings, don't you? A RUNNER delivers a pot of tea and cups. Sayuri takes up pot to pour the Chairman his tea. She draws back her slee and breaks the silence:
29) 14) dialog: Iwamura. Let the girl watch sumo! Sayuri, teapot in mid-air, freezes, her gaze riveted: Acr the ring, Hatsumomo is arriving with Korin.
29) 20) dialog: Three things matter in life: Sumo, business and war. Understand one, you know them all. But why should a geisha care? You spend your time plucking strings, and dancing. Nobu turns away, scowling; sips his tea. Sayuri senses Hatsumomo watching. She redoubles her efforts.
29) 24) dialog: Shiomaki...They are throwing salt to purify the ring. The two combatants quickly move from their “fair play sta to a glowering crouth as they face off in the small ring. NOBU (cont ‘d) That man is Miyagiyama. The greatest fighter in Japan.
29) 26) dialog: Only compared to his opponent! Miyagiyama may use hataki komi--- are you listening? Sayuri has one eye on The Chairman, but quickly reforms:
29) 28) dialog: Hataki komi is a movement a smaller combatant uses to throw the larger man off balance. Victory does not always belong to the powerful-- Nobu watches intently as the Wrestlers prepare and throw salt, prepare again, building tension. He points brusquel NOBU (cont’d) Look. There. In his eyes. The Wrestlers tense and prepare to charge. At the same ti Mameha sees: Hatsumomo has left her seat and is making he way toward them. Mameha gathers herself apologetically:
29) 31) dialog: Not yet--I want her to see-- The Wrestlers crouch on their fists. Finally the larger m SAIHO, charges. MILYAGIYAMA uses the force of Saiho'’s impact to swivel o the way. In that same instant, he brings his hand down on the back of Saiho's neck; Saiho flies over the lip of the ring and sprawls into the SPECTATORS. The encounter is ov in less than two seconds. NOBU (cont ‘d) Now that - is hataki komi.
29) 33) dialog: You may bring her again.
30) 22) text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows: MAMEHA (cont'd) Konbanwa. At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Say obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake to Sayuri impatiently. . Il ‘
30) 23) dialog: You have kept us waiting.
30) 25) dialog: The Chairman thinks I should take more pleasure in life...music, and the theater! What is your impression? The Chairman looks to Sayuri, curious to hear her answer.
30) 30) dialog: --He gives me too much credit, as usual--
30) 32) text: The Chairman smiles at Nobu’s modesty. A maid brings in a tray of fresh sake, and places it on t table. Nobu produces a small box wrapped in silk. He unwraps it, and hands it to Sayuri. t NOBU (cont’d) (downplaying the gift) It’s a trinket. I found it a few days ago. An awkward silence. Sayuri, The Chairman and Mameha are a speechless. Finally:
30) 34) dialog: Call it my new leaf. The Chairman is quietly stunned. Sayuri glances at Mameha, uncertain how to respond. Mameh gives a signal nod: Thank him. Sayuri bows, blushing:
30) 36) dialog: My mother...she used to wear something similar. Nobu lifts the lid of the box: A simple but elegant COMB. Sayuri just stares at it. NOBU (cont'd) You do not like it? 110
40) 6) text: ’ MAMEHA Nobu did not bid. It was against his mighty principals. (beat, then painfully) Dr. Crab was opposed by The Baron. My Baron. You want to know the truth, Sayuri? {a difficult confession) He was the highest bidder. Forgive me...but I let it go to Dr. Crab. I think you understand why. 130 131
45) 23) text: Her heart in her throat, Sayuri sees a man in a fedora ma his way toward her through the luminescent banners of sil She believes for a moment it is the Chairman. The silk lifts, and her heart falls: The man is Nobu.
45) 26) dialog: General Tottori was captured, and tried ad a war’ criminal. The Baron lost his fortune and committed suicide-—
45) 28) dialog: Mr. Bekku is gone, but the others--
45) 30) dialog: (with a smile) --indestructible as always. Sayuri summmons the courage to ask the foremost question hex mind.
45) 32) dialog: As well as can be expected. From his pocket, Nobu takes a tiny shard of concrete rubb NOBU (cont'd) This is all that remains of our factories. She touches him tenderly.
45) 34) dialog: Sayuri, We want to rebuild. But to * do that, we will need your help.
45) 37) dialog: Somewhere under those rags...are you still the greatest geisha in Miyako? ° Sayuri hides her stained hands,
45) 39) dialog: With nothing but rubble at my feet, can I still call myself a business man? 108 He takes her work-worn hand in his, noticing its roughene and patchy stains. NOBU (cont'd) I should have taken better care of you.
45) 41) dialog: The Chairman and I need American financing. There's a man-~a . certain Colonel] Derricks--who has the power to grant us a contract. I showed him your picture. He requested to meet you. ee eR o>~ Ww 145
45) 44) dialog: I have no doubt, Sayuri, that you could still melt the heart of any man, ho matter how resistant. This slightly bald confession gives Sayuri pause; she doe want to encourage Nobu. NOBU (cont'd) I am not accustomed to begging. But please know that--if you consent--the Chairman and I would be most grateful. Just his name exerts its inexorable pull. SAYURI’s torn. What should she do?
48) 5) dialog: Sayuri! Then she sees: The Chairman is with Nobu and Mameha (eleg in a kimono) and TWO AMERICANS - COLONEL DERRICKS (50, ca Army) is worldly, with an off-the-cuff charm that masks h baser appetites. His Lieutenant, HUTCHINS (32, West Point is considerably greener and more impressionable-- * NOBU (cont'd) * May I present Colonel Derricks. With a coy smile Sayuri bows; DERRICKS follows suit. *
48) 13) dialog: Gentlemen? Nobu ushers them across the tarmac, Pumpkin pretending to pull the Chairman by the necktie, and Derricks escorting Sayuri.
50) 2) text: \ ) Pumpkin gestures to the men to come and join the ladi and Mameha are already relaxing in the pools. Derricks, Hutchins, Nobu and the Chairman slide over to them. By Japanese custom, everyone is naked. A wooden tray floats, holding bottles of sake.
50) 20) dialog: (declining to play) I am no match for these geisha; (MORE )
50) 21) text: 120 NOBU (cont'd) they are experts in the art of deceit.
51) 0) text: Nobu turns angrily on Sayuri -- : *
51) 1) dialog: I saw the two of you whispering-- you have arranged some kind of tryst, haven't you—— Sayuri matches his rage with her own:
51) 3) dialog: Your company! Nothing more!
51) 7) dialog: If I had wanted a common whore, I could have hired one---
51) 9) dialog: Just the idea of you with him--with any man--you would be dead to ne, Sayuri--- Nobu siams his glass on the table so hard it shatters. NOBU (cont’d) Can't you see that I want you for myself? Be opens his hand. In it, shards of glass. Blood creases his palm. Sayuri grabs a cloth but Nobu waves her off angrily -- NOBU {cont‘d) You have ruined me. Before we met, I was a disciplined man. He does not let her assist as he wraps his hand with clot NOBU (cont'd) I should not have asked you to come. The Chairman was against it; I should have listened to him. SAYURI stares at the floor, and says quietly:
51) 11) dialog: Then you made no arrangement with the Colonel--
51) 14) dialog: If he ratifies our contract, then T will be a man of means again. There is nothing I want more, Sayuri..-than to become your danna.
51) 16) dialog: 1 will not be refused!
51) 18) dialog: --we are tied to each other, I know you feel it too-- I never
51) 20) dialog: (evenly, but with force) Sayuri. I do not like things held up before me that I cannot have. EXT. WOMEN’S TATAMI ROOM. RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN } Distraught, Sayur 4 hurries up the path to Mameha's room. INT. WOMEN’S TATAMI ROOM. RESORT. NIGHT. [AUTUMN } Sayuri pleads with Mameha.
55) 0) text: From a slight distance: Pumpkin enters the pavilion where men are seated. Pumpkin kneels between Nobu and the Chaiz and begs their pardon for interrupting them. 163 163 164
61) 3) text: { ) As the vehicle pulls away, Nobu feel as if he‘s been in the face. He covers, clenching the muscles in his jaw. 174 175 2 176
63) 0) text: Sayuri makes her way across the pridge to the teahouse. H face has become as frozen, as perfect as 4 mask. The TEAHOUSE MISTRESS ushers Sayuri into the garden. . Japanese maple trees frame a small pond. In its center, 4 floating platform, accessible by a series of stone steps. it, a low table with a sake tray. In her long kimono, Sayuri almost seems to walk across the water until she reaches the tiny 4sland. She kneels, waiting for Nobu to arrive. Sayuri is distracted by 4 gust of autumn wind, which send red maple leaves scattering across the watex. She feels a hand alight on her shoulder; she looks up to greet Nobu. Instead, she sees the Chairman. *