2) 0) text: Chiyo scrubs the stepping stones while Pumpkin cleans the shed. Pumpkin explains in a whisper (which gets louder as she continues):
2) 1) text: Two nights ago Hatsumomo had to stay at the tea-house until dawn, entertaining three Judges--and when she got home, she cried, “I‘m sooo tired!” And then she started-- (PUMPKIN makes a snoring sound) --and she knocked over a candle, and it singed her kimono and her futon started smoking, and Mother came in and said, “Pumpkin! You must stay awake, all night, so Hatsumomo doesn’t burn down the whole okiya!” (a breath, and then) When I am a geisha I will sleep as late as I want. I will wear a fancy kimono, and my hair will be in a split-peach!
2) 12) text: Against a backdrop of softly rounded misty hills are THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS OF SLATE-BLUE TILED ROOFS so impenetrably close together, they seem almost to overlap. Pumpkin dumps her bucket into the water tank, splashing s on the tiles. Chiyo, crushed, stares at the maze of roofs INT. GRANNY’S ROOM - OKIYA. DAY. [WINTER]. 24 Chiyo carries a tray laden with food for Granny: rice and tiny white fishlings with dead, black eyes. She places it down in front of the old woman, who barks:
4) 1) text: Pumpkin and Chiyo run down the street, wooden geta clatte on the paving stones. 19
4) 3) dialog: Hurry! As they run, Pumpkin jumps up to touch a low-hanging FISH CARVING and make it swing; a child‘s ritual. She races do a jumbled alley toward the theatre. Suddenly, Chiyo break rank:
4) 6) dialog: Mite, mite! To Chiyo's disbelief, Pumpkin squats down and snatches up dirty skewer of food fallen from a vendor's cart. She tak a bite: PUMPKIN (cont'd) Mm, squid! Pumpkin pulls Chiyo into -- 29 30
4) 9) text: The girls race along walkways to the school’s entrance, Pumpkin still chewing the squid -- ‘ YOUNG PUMPKIN (CONT’D) If you are not careful, Mother will toss you back onto the street, and then what? You will wind up with your obi tied in front.
4) 13) dialog: Look for your sister later!
14) 0) text: An older Bekku straps Pumpkin (16) into her obi, grunting Pumpkin gives cries of discomfort as he pulls the cords e tighter. She hollers up the tansu steps:
14) 1) dialog: Chiyo! Did you find my comb yet?
14) 3) dialog: Arigato. I couldn‘t sleep! I was so worried about my stupid hair! (with dread) Am I lopsided? Chiyo art-fully wedges the comb into Pumpkin‘’s maiko hairstyle, and whispers:
14) 11) text: TWO RICKSHAWS (the first carrying Hatsumomo and Pumpkin, second-Mother and Auntie) disappear into the veil of swir snowfall. Chiyo turns back sadly. By the door she sees: Pumpkin’s shamisen._ Chiyo grabs it, looks down at her bare feet. Chiyo snatch up Auntie’s garden clogs ~~
22) 0) text: Mother, tightly-coiffed and in a somber colors, bows as Auntie leads Mameha into Mother’s room & office. Her desk set up with pen and paper and abacus. Auntie closes the door & instantly puts her ear to the cr Pumpkin’s all ears, too. Chiyo grabs a rag and begins to polish the floor by Mother's door. She, Auntie and Pumpki crane to hear:
22) 43) dialog: Don’t worry, Chiyo-chan. I will help you.
25) 0) text: --catches it onstage, in a dance rehearsal 10 MAIKO her o age. She glances down the line of dancers to see Pumpkin. In the audience, Hatsumomo and Mameha watch their fledgli maiko. They don’t acknowledge one another; their eyes are fixed on the stage. Meanwhile, Pumpkin grins coyly at her friend Chiyo, and c her tongue in a “split peach”, just as she did when they children. Chiyo suppresses a smile, and executes a gracef turn without missing a beat. Pumpkin, however, is fatally amused by her own hijinks; she’s thrown off balance and d her fan. Mameha casts a discreet, competitive look in Hatsumomo’s direction, to gauge her response. Hatsumomo sits with her back stiff, and shoots Pumpkin a look that could straight bonsai tree-- CLOSE UP: --as a coal stick glides across an arched eyebr accentuating it with black---
33) 5) dialog: I am not supposed to speak to you-- 80
33) 7) dialog: --she can treat me however she chooses-- Pumpkin groans inf frustration; her sandal thong has brok Sayuri quietly takes it from her to repair it:
33) 9) dialog: Our lives have changed now.
33) 11) dialog: chiyo- chan, I have to go--
33) 13) dialog: I do not know-~-
33) 15) dialog: --if she did, would I tell you?--
33) 17) dialog: --you expect me to betray my big sister?--
33) 19) dialog: (faltering) --no-- 81
33) 21) dialog: --but--
33) 23) dialog: Tonight...We went to the Tanizato to see Dr. Crab! I sat outside, but I could still hear through the screen. Hatsumomo-neisan said to him, “I live in the same okiya as Sayuri!” His eyes got big, and he said “Really? Tell me everything about her!” And she said, “Oh, sir, I mustn’t! It would only curl your toes!” That made him even More curious. “Well,” said Hatsumomo-neisan, as smooth as silk, “Did you know that she brings men back to her room?” “No!” he cried. “Common sailors, and fishermen, too,” said Hatsumomo- neisan. And the Doctor looked queasy, like he didn’t want to hear anymore. But she kept going. “At all hours, of the night, like an alleycat!.” And then the doctor got very quiet, and stared for the longest time at his hands. And Hatsumomo-neisan said, “What‘’s the matter? Have I told you more than you wanted to know?” Sayuri understands everything now. PUMPKIN (cont'd) I wanted to say something but how could I, Chiyo-chan, how? (then, still wincing) Am I really like her? Am I?
33) 25) dialog: Is Mameha-san cruel to you, too? 114
33) 30) dialog: That‘s what I thought. Do you like someone else? 82 Sayuri looks at Pumpkin; does she know? Sayuri blushes, a rises to leave: PUMPKIN (cont'd) Don’t worry about me, Chiyo-chan. I'll be fine. Better than fine. (beat) Mother plans to adopt me. ‘So my dream of having someplace to live out my life may come true. Jhah- ne! . Pumpkin hugs Sayuri then rushes out. Sayuri is stunned.
35) 0) text: At the table Sayuri, Pumpkin, Mother and Auntie eat their meal. Hatsumomo stalks in, the crumpled poster in her han
35) 3) dialog: How did Sayuri get to be the lead?
35) 5) dialog: (still forlorn) I want my picture made.
36) 0) text: From the wings we see 10 MAIKO on stage in identical cost ~ Pumpkin among them, nervous and trying hard -- twirling brilliantly colored fans. a 119 85 Sayuri‘’s hands tremble as she tries in vain to slide a g ornament into her hair. Mameha glides into view in her mirror; she presses her cheek to Sayuri’s and whispers:
39) 11) text: Seen through a slight opening in the shoji: Mameha is sequestered in Mother‘s private office, managing the bids Sayuri’s mizuage. She negotiates on Mother's telephone. In the TATAMI ROOM, Auntie keeps checking the wrist-watch keeps tucked in her obi. Everyone is waiting: Sayuri, Pumpkin, Auntie too. They he the TELEPHONE ring, and the prompt click as Mameha grabs Hatsumomo saunters in eating a yellow plum.
39) 23) dialog: (weakly) What?
46) 0) text: Bare-chested AMERICAN G.I.s in boxer shorts and dog-tags spill out of a tea room, laughing. Drunken SERVICE MEN clumsily dance with fans to a RECORD PLAYER’s American pop music. One GI strums a shamisen as it were a guitar. PUMPKIN, in a garish kimono with dog ta around her neck and an officer's cap on her head, “teache them, laughing and flirting and smoking a cigarette betwe her teeth. A G.I. kisses Pumpkin on the mouth. Pumpkin sees a peasan girl watching from the corridor: The peasant girl is Sayuri.
46) 1) dialog: (with a squeal) Chiyo? Hey, Chiyo-chan! Is that you?
46) 4) dialog: Guess what? I only smoke Chesterfields now.
46) 6) dialog: (still ignoring her) These soldier-boys, you know who they've got me singing--
46) 8) dialog: --Frank Sinatra, and Dinah Shore--
46) 10) dialog: (abruptly) Sayuri, don’t. Pumpkin looks at Sayuri. Underneath her tough demeanor, Sayuri can still see the impish spirit of her old friend. PUMPKIN (cont‘d) The honest truth? I‘d rather chew sand than go back to all that.
46) 12) dialog: Don’t worry about me, chickadee - I’ve got more clients than I can handle.
46) 14) dialog: (with a sly wink) They‘re bastards. (beat) So who‘s this Colonel? Sounds like top brass.
46) 16) dialog: So is he willing to pay us American dollars? Cash? She locks at Sayuri expectantly, hunger in her eyes.
48) 10) dialog: Chairman, don’t tell me you started the party without me. The propeller breeze lifts Pumpkin‘s skirts and Pumpkin g a happy shriek.
50) 1) dialog: Don’t be shy, gentlemen!
50) 2) text: \ ) Pumpkin gestures to the men to come and join the ladi and Mameha are already relaxing in the pools. Derricks, Hutchins, Nobu and the Chairman slide over to them. By Japanese custom, everyone is naked. A wooden tray floats, holding bottles of sake.
50) 9) dialog: (already drunk) I know a little game we can play. It's called “Truth and Lies.”
50) 12) dialog: (giggling) . No! I‘m serious. Now listen closely. Sayuri knows the rules--
50) 15) dialog: If you guess right, the liar pays the price. - demonstrating the price: A big swallow of sake right fr the bottle. The men laugh. ” DERRICKS So it pays to lose! Laughter, louder from the Americans than the Japanese. Pumpkin tries to think of a story -
50) 16) dialog: I go first! Now let me see...One day in Sapporo, where I was born, a fisherman caught a talking fish. Trouble is, it only spoke Russian--
50) 18) dialog: If I drown, it’s all your fault. -- taking a big swallow of sake. She tips backward in the water and Chairman has to catch her. Sayuri and Mameha exchange a look: Pumpkin’s behavior is crossing the line.
50) 22) dialog: Sayuri, maybe. I’m an expert in one thing and one thing only: sake! Chairman floats the tray of sake over to Sayuri:
50) 26) dialog: Now that - is a true story. Everyone laughs. Sayuri looks at the Chairman, crestfalie
52) 0) text: Pumpkin, dressed, is going to dinner when a frantic Sayur stops her on the path:
52) 2) dialog: What is it? What's wrong?
52) 4) dialog: Ask. Before speaking, Sayuri glances nervously to her left and right to ensure that the coast is clear.
52) 7) dialog: It's a surprise? Sayuri notes Derricks smoking on a distant terrace.
55) 0) text: From a slight distance: Pumpkin enters the pavilion where men are seated. Pumpkin kneels between Nobu and the Chaiz and begs their pardon for interrupting them. 163 163 164
58) 0) text: The Colonel, on top of Sayuri, pins her arms to the groun Sayuri lets out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a so The pavilion door slides open, and Pumpkin steps in. Sayuri and the American turn and see Pumpkin. Then behind Pumpkin comes -- The Chairman. Chairman recoils, shocked. Sayuri pushes the Colonel away grabs her kimono to herself. The Chairman quickly steps out. Sayuri, dressing hastily, rushes past Pumpkin and out the door, and sees -
59) 0) text: The Chairman walks away quickly in the moonlight. Sayuri whirls on Pumpkin who has followed her out:
59) 2) dialog: But I do.
59) 4) dialog: Because I know how you feel about him. (MORE )
59) 8) dialog: A long tite ago you took something from me...the only thing I'd ever truly wanted. (beat) Well. Now you know how it feels. In Sayuri's face, the sting of betrayal.