2) 18) text: Why, look who's in my room. Chiyo jumps up. Hatsumomo snatches up her dusting powder: HATSUMOMO (cont ’d) Did you touch this?? (sniffs, sarcastic) I can just hear the General now. “Why, Hatsumomo. You used to smell of jasmine; what’s this new perfume?” (wrinking her nose in distaste) “Blowfish?” (savagely) I told you never to touch my things! Can't you understand why?
28) 0) text: The TEAHOUSE OWNER--teetering with a tray stacked with sa and beer--barrels down the deep red hallway toward the te room. LAUGHTER and conversation spill from the room as sh flings open the shoji doors. EIGHT MEN are seatled in conversational groups at low tab around three sides of the room. In the seat of honor, we recognize The Baron. The OTHER MEN are mostly older and a wealthy, their spirits loosened by sake. The host, Hatsumomo's favorite client THE GENERAL (55, chainsmoker) wears a Japanese military uniform. TWO GEISHA move gracefully among the tables, serving sake they chat among the men. Behind a screen, before they make their entrance:
28) 3) dialog: Friends, we have the pleasure to witness the debut of a new maiko. Some of the men applaud, and all lift their glasses. With guick small steps that make her kimono hem ripple, Sayuri approaches The Baron and kneels, blushing. The Baron eyes her playfully, admiring. To Mameha:
28) 13) dialog: (caught in the middle, stammering) Why, yes. Indeed.
28) 23) dialog: Never. My men are trained to kill.
28) 25) dialog: {stifling laughter) On the contrary, Hatsumomo....I'd say...I'd say she hit her target!... The Baron laughs, too, and the laughter grows, filling th room. Hastumomo glares, ashen. Pumpkin bites her lip to k from grinning. Mameha smiles at how her protege has handl herself. Sayuri bears the peaceful look of triumph. cur TO: INT: SAYURI‘S ROOM. THE OKIYA. NIGHT/DAWN. [WINTER] 98 Abrupt awakening: Hatsumomo jerks Sayuri awake by the hai and slaps her. In a quiet rage, she whispers:
30) 22) text: For a fleeting moment, Sayuri and the Chairman lock eyes; skirts past him. The Chairman smiles as Mameha bows: MAMEHA (cont'd) Konbanwa. At the General's table, Hatsumomo watches, amused, as Say obediently hurries to Nobu’s side. Nobu extends his sake to Sayuri impatiently. . Il ‘