22) 45) text: Along the Sonogawa, ICICLES melt from the trees, dripping jewel-like droplets. In the foreground sits the Baron‘s impressive automobile. Chiyo hesitates outside Mameha’s apartment, shivering and summoning her courage. She sees: A handsome man, THE BARON (45), emerges from th apartment, with Mameha seeing him out. Chiyo bows humbly:
22) 49) dialog: As lovely as her big sister! And with eyes the color of rain. He gives Chiyo a smile that flusters her. Mameha walks Th Baron to the entrance, Chiyo peeks curiously.
24) 3) text: 52 MAMEHA (cont'd) (then) Focus on your studies, Chiyo. Music, the art of conversation. Contrary to popular opinion, that’s the surest way to attract a danna; on your feet...not off them. Carrying their towels to conceal their naked bodies, they step into a tiled room filled with steam.. MAMEHA (cont ’d) Pretend, for example, that I am pouring tea... Mameha sits on a bathing stool, using bathing implements “teapot” and “cup”. MAMEHA (cont‘d) You kneel, just so. You angle the pot low, spout close to the cup, so the aroma does not escape... She mimes pouring. MAMEHA (cont'd) Now here is where you can add a touch of intrigue. Say I’m entertaining the Baron. Like so many clients, he is trapped in an arranged marriage with a woman he does not love. So--in the teahouse, when he is seeking my company instead--I reward him. Like this. She drapes the washcloth like a “kimono sleeve.” MAMEHA (cont'd) With a glimpse of my wrist. Seeing that demure little trace of naked skin...well, it gives him pleasure. As Chiyo practices pouring while holding her “kimono slee MAMEHA (cont’d) When you are sitting down-- (crowding Chiyo) - for the briefest moment, press your leg against his. (when Chiyo starts to giggle) Always by accident, of course! Or, this -
28) 0) text: The TEAHOUSE OWNER--teetering with a tray stacked with sa and beer--barrels down the deep red hallway toward the te room. LAUGHTER and conversation spill from the room as sh flings open the shoji doors. EIGHT MEN are seatled in conversational groups at low tab around three sides of the room. In the seat of honor, we recognize The Baron. The OTHER MEN are mostly older and a wealthy, their spirits loosened by sake. The host, Hatsumomo's favorite client THE GENERAL (55, chainsmoker) wears a Japanese military uniform. TWO GEISHA move gracefully among the tables, serving sake they chat among the men. Behind a screen, before they make their entrance:
28) 4) dialog: I remember those eyes. What was her name? Mameha looks to Sayuri, giving her permission to respond. Sayuri feels a pang of pleasure as she speaks the word: 97 60
28) 7) dialog: She’s determined, isn’t she? If there’d been a drop of tea in that pot, I believe Sayuri would have gotten it out-- Everyone laughs. Under her make-up, Sayuri is flushed wit embarrassment.
36) 16) text: 122 123 124 89 MAMEHA (V.O.)(cont’d) There's a reason Hatsumomo wants you there. I. know the Baron well, Sayuri. He has a weakness for women like us...and he doesn't take refusal lightly!
37) 0) text: The Limousine pulls up to the Baron‘s impressive GATES. Sayuri steps out, followed by Bekku.
38) 0) text: The Baron’s spacious Japanese gardens are dominated by a magnificent old CHERRY TREE. PEACOCKS strut on the lawns. Sayuri looks for The Chairman to no avail. Mr. Bekku foll her, aloof. The Baron's WEALTHY PARTY GUESTS ~ in fashionable Western clothes - take notice of Sayuri. They crowd arourid her. Flashbulbs pop. The Chairman, strolling by himself, hears the activity an sees Sayuri, flustered, trapped by the horde. He cuts thr
38) 13) dialog: Mameha &sked me to show you my kimono collection...It’s quite venerated. My grandfather and my father collected kimono before me. A shoji door slides shut, and Mr. Bekku disappears. Sayur looks back, alarmed. Yet another shoji closes, stranding alone with the Baron in the heart of the house. THE BARON (cont'd) I’ve given a number of valuable kimono to Mameha...I like to give presents to beautiful girls. Surrounding:them, burnished gold MIRRORS. The Baron prese her with a folded kimono: THE BARON (cont‘d) It's yours. Try it on.
38) 15) dialog: Who knows when that will be? Put it on. Now. Don’t be shy. He pulls her against him and reaching behind her, jerks o the knot of her obi-jime (obi cord). Sayuri pushes away, the silken obi cord spills to the mat. THE BARON (cont‘d) Don’t worry. I am experienced in knotting obis. Untying them as well.
38) 17) dialog: Bekku’s waiting for no one. He begins to unwind her obi. Sayuri sees the Chairman‘s handkerchief fall to the floor. ' She kneels and grabs it quickly. In that moment the Baron unfastens the datejime -- the waistband underneath the ob Her kimono releases in front. Sayuri gives a cry and clutches at the fabric, desperate to conceal herself. The Baron grabs her from behind, pinning her arms back. H looks at her in the mirror ahead: her kimono open, her ey closed, and her head turned away so that the curve of her neck is exposed. He nuzzles her.
38) 19) dialog: Sayuri, I only want to have a look. Nothing wrong in that. Any man would do the same. As slowly as a parent might peel the cover from a sleepin child, he opes Sayuri’s underrobe. Her beautiful back...t heart-shaped curve of her naked hips...her tabi-feet peek out from beneath... Slowly he forces her to sit up, whispering, coaxing, begg her to stand naked before the glass. Sayuri turns her fac away, squeezing her eyes shut. Clenched in her fist, the Chairman‘s handkerchief. 126 127 93 As the Baron admires her body, he slips his own hand into dank crevices of his own kimono, to pleasure himself. Sayuri, weeps silently; the very portrait of both beauty humiliation. Suddenly, she turns to him. Her eyes are swimming with tears. They pierce his soul.
40) 6) text: ’ MAMEHA Nobu did not bid. It was against his mighty principals. (beat, then painfully) Dr. Crab was opposed by The Baron. My Baron. You want to know the truth, Sayuri? {a difficult confession) He was the highest bidder. Forgive me...but I let it go to Dr. Crab. I think you understand why. 130 131