9) 0) text: Jimmy looks tough even when he's sleeping. His wife ANNABETH snoozes beside him. The bedside clock reads: 6:02. The PHONE starts to RING. Jimmy answers, bleary.
10) 0) text: Jimmy pulls on his clothes. Annabeth watches from bed.
10) 1) dialog: She no-shows at work, what if she no- shows at church?
10) 3) dialog: Yeah. She's going to screw up this day, too.
10) 5) dialog: You got two other daughters. Don't forget it.
17) 1) dialog: Stand with their other daughter, Sara. Look back to watch their daughter come up the aisle. As Nadine's about to pass them, Annabeth whispers: 22.
17) 2) dialog: Do not make her laugh. As Nadine passes, she chances a look over at her father. He waves from his hip, wiggles his eyebrows. Nadine smiles huge. Annabeth digs an elbow into his ribs.
19) 0) text: As Nadine solemnly receives her first communion. Annabeth, near tears, leans into Jimmy, whispers in his ear.
19) 1) dialog: Our baby. My God, Jimmy, our baby. 23. Jimmy puts his arm around her, kisses the side of her head. As she leans into him a little more... FLASHBACK --— CELLAR Young Dave curled up whimpering on a pile of rags. Looking up in terror as a DOOR BANGS open at the top of the stairs. And as feet start ominously down...
27) 0) text: Jimmy sits in a straight-back wooden chair. Waiting, head back, hands folded. He looks up at FOOTSTEPS. Annabeth is shown in by a young officer. Jimmy rises. She's still wearing her lavender dress from the communion. She steps into his arms, presses her face into his chest.
27) 1) dialog: No one said anything. Right?
27) 3) dialog: You haven't seen her yet, right? It might not be her, right? Jimmy doesn't answer, doesn't know what to say. Annabeth looks up at him. Desperate, wretched with hope.
27) 4) dialog: Jimmy... Jimmy, please. Please.
27) 6) dialog: Oh, please, Jimmy. No. No. Sobbing, she crumbles into him.
29) 0) text: Sean sits across from Jimmy and Annabeth. A beat of surreal silence before Whitey arrives with four coffees.
29) 12) dialog: He married my cousin. Celeste. Sean nods again. Whitey finally gets things on track.
29) 14) dialog: Around four-thirty.
29) 16) dialog: No. She sat with me and the girls while we ate. She was having dinner with her friends. Whitey checks his pad.
29) 18) dialog: (nodding) Katie talked to Nadine about her Communion, then she was on the phone in her room a bit, and then, about eight, she left.
29) 20) dialog: No.
29) 46) dialog: No one right now. As far as we know. I mean... knew. The past/present tense is all it took. As Annabeth fights back tears, Jimmy squeezes her hand.
32) 0) text: Storefronts shut down across the street. A rumbling stillness has taken over the area. Jimmy steps out on the porch of his three-decker. He sits on the steps. Closing his eyes, he leans back, listens, as the tears of ANNABETH AND HIS DAUGHTERS drift down.
34) 0) text: Annabeth and Celeste at the stove, cooking bacon and eggs. Neither talks, but they're happy for each other's company. A HUBBUB of VOICES from the hallway, up which Jimmy walks. Jimmy trades smiles with Celeste, then looks at Annabeth.
34) 2) dialog: No, I'm fine. Jimmy looks at Celeste as if to say: Is she?
34) 4) dialog: Don't.
34) 6) dialog: I can't. Jimmy, if I look at you I'll lose it and I can't lose it with all these people here... Okay?
34) 8) dialog: I just don't want to lose it again. Celeste wishes she could crawl off, feels like she's looking at them naked, intimate before her. 42.
51) 0) text: As Annabeth answers the door to reveal Sean and Whitey. Sean holds out a cigarette, smiles.
51) 2) dialog: (takes it) Thanks. Sean scrapes his lighter to life. As she leans in:
51) 3) dialog: I quit ten years ago. You believe this?
51) 5) dialog: Yeah... come in, I'll get Jimmy. As they start down the hall, Celeste is headed out the other way. In a hurry.
51) 7) dialog: You don't have to come back, Celeste. I'll be fine.
51) 13) dialog: Bye-bye.
53) 4) dialog: Remember what you said? How she looked at you for a few seconds on Saturday? Like she was preparing to never see you again? Jimmy drills Sean with a look.
78) 43) dialog: Shhh, Jimmy. Shhh.
79) 0) text: Annabeth steps up to Jimmy, starts to unbutton his shirt.
79) 1) dialog: I want to hear your heart. She places an ear to his chest. Jimmy nearly can't breathe under his burden. We hear the PARADE OUTSIDE.
79) 2) dialog: Last night, when I put the girls to bed, I told them how big your heart was.
79) 4) dialog: I told them how much you loved Katie. Because you created her and sometimes your love for her was so big, your heart felt like it was going to explode from loving her. 119.
79) 6) dialog: I told them their daddy loved them that much, too. That he had four hearts and they were all filled up and aching with a love that meant we would never have to worry. Annabeth pulls off her own shirt, presses herself to him.
79) 7) dialog: I told them their daddy would do whatever he had to for those he loved. And that is never wrong. That can never be wrong. No Matter what their daddy had to do.
79) 9) dialog: Celeste called looking for you. Told me about Dave. Told me what she told you. Said she was worried something might happen. She kisses his throat, starts to undo his belt.
79) 11) dialog: Because they're weak.
79) 13) dialog: Everyone. Everyone but us. We will never be weak. And you. You could rule this town. A beat as Jimmy stares at her. And then he kisses her. Hungry for this woman. His woman. Passion builds precipitously. As she returns it, between breaths:
79) 14) dialog: And, Jim? After? Let's take the girls down to the parade. Katie would've liked that. 120. Jimmy lifts her up. She hooks her legs around him.
80) 0) text: It streams along. Sean stands watching with his wife Lauren and his baby daughter. A float passes by filled with children who shout, laugh and wave. All except for one who's lost, sad, haunted. The child's eyes find Sean's for just an instant and then he's gone. Sean snaps from the sudden trance, looks across the street at Jimmy, Annabeth, their daughters and a few of the Savage brothers. Waving at the parade, happy and strong. Suddenly aware of being watched, Jimmy's head swivels. His eyes lock on Sean's. Jimmy gives Sean the smallest smile. And Sean points a "finger gun." Drops his thumb on the imaginary hammer. And as Jimmy's smile widens... FADE TO BLACK.