0) 0) text: Postage stamp size. Clothes on the line. The sunlight cut by the cramped crowd of houses. We're already PULLING AWAY FROM the backs of two men. Drinking beer, smoking Luckys and sharing a laugh. An 11-year-old boy leans on a street hockey stick, watches them. JIMMY MARCUS, unspent energy coiled tight in his chest. His friend SEAN DEVINE steps over, holds up an orange street hockey ball.
1) 0) text: Wearing a Red Sox cap, DAVE BOYLE stands eagerly before a makeshift chicken wire goalie net as Jimmy and Sean whack away at the orange ball with their street hockey sticks. As it bounces toward Dave, he takes an arcing swing at it. Connects. The ball sails.
7) 0) text: CELESTE BOYLE, 37, in her nightgown, leans against the door frame, looking in at her sleeping son Michael. She looks sad. At the click of the front door lock, she looks up.
15) 2) dialog: There's like this car with blood in it and, ah, the door's open -
15) 4) dialog: Uh, Sydney Street in the Flats. By Pen Park. Me and my friend found it. The AERIAL VIEW PASSES OVER Pen Channel, the abandoned drive-in screen on one side of the park and then Pen Park itself. A littered, depressing site.
15) 6) dialog: (to someone else) He wants to know her name.
15) 8) dialog: We're so fucking out of here. Good luck. CLICK. We've OVER the Sydney Street entrance to the park. There's a car down there, door open, front tires against the curb. As we CONTINUE PAST it and INTO the mostly abandoned houses across the way... 20.
30) 0) text: Along the Mystic River. Dave Boyle walks, hands thrust in his pockets. Prostitutes blend in the shadows of doorways, lean into the windows of IDLING CARS. Some take a half-step in the streetlight to show Dave what they got. 38. But he continues forward, not interested. Last of all, a kid, a boy, fifteen at the most. Lighting a smoke, he looks up, smiles around the cigarette. Dave stops. The kid's eyes suddenly widen in recognition and he bolts. Dave follows a few steps, but the kid's already disappeared into the darkness.
70) 11) dialog: There's like this car with blood in it and, ah, the door's open --
70) 13) dialog: Uh, Sydney Street in the Flats. By Pen Park. Me and my friend found it.
70) 15) dialog: (to someone else) He wants to know her name.
70) 17) dialog: We're so fucking out of here. Good luck. The connection breaks. Sean turns off the tape machine.
70) 24) dialog: He wants to know her name.