2) 0) text: Dinged and cracked with twenty years of age. There are the names: Jimmy, Sean and D-A. Forever.
2) 5) text: I'll never be a good ballplayer.
5) 7) text: I'm going to be late for Diane and Eve.
9) 0) text: Jimmy looks tough even when he's sleeping. His wife ANNABETH snoozes beside him. The bedside clock reads: 6:02. The PHONE starts to RING. Jimmy answers, bleary.
20) 0) text: A nylon triangle hangs from a branch. Just under a footbridge over Pen Channel. The CSS Tech pinches it off with a pair of tweezers. It's got blood on it. Sean and Whitey crouch by the arch. There's a woman's shoe there along with several similar footprints. 24.
22) 0) text: Looks like a riot waiting room. Cops, in the bushes, cops at the sawhorses, cops everywhere. K-9 German shepherds being walked out of a van. The crowd of onlookers growing. Jimmy steps up, is spotted by ED DEVEAU who's opening a bag of M&Ms with his teeth. As a POLICE HELICOPTER BUZZES by.
38) 0) text: Crying, holding each other. Eve's FATHER looks on, back behind Sean and Whitey.
38) 3) dialog: We already told the Savages.
38) 5) dialog: They were here yesterday.
38) 9) dialog: (busted) What?
38) 13) dialog: She wanted out of this dump. She wanted to start a new life. 46. At "life" they start crying again.
38) 15) dialog: Brendan.
38) 17) dialog: Brendan Harris. Yeah.
49) 0) text: lying on a stainless steel table, a sheet pulled up under her chin. Her hair clean and combed, her face dusted with makeup. Eyes closed, but no longer clenched tight. The Son stands in the doorway, shifting nervously as Jimmy steps up, stands over his daughter. Jimmy gets down on his haunches, his eyes even with Katie's face. He rests his chin on his forearm, looks at his daughter a long moment. Finally, softly, gently:
51) 0) text: As Annabeth answers the door to reveal Sean and Whitey. Sean holds out a cigarette, smiles.
56) 0) text: Ugly even in moonlight, the sluggish current lapping toward the harbor locks. Celeste sits in her car, parked against the rotted pilings, staring out across the channel at Pen Park beyond. East Bucky rises like a landfill beyond, but Celeste's eyes fall somewhere in-between. On the silhouette of the derelict drive-in movie screen. Celeste's eyes are red. She's been crying. And she looks like she wants to die.
57) 0) text: Celeste isn't the only one who's desolate tonight. Brendan Harris sits on the floor, his back against the wall. He stares at the bulging suitcase stowed just under his bed. He's never going to Las Vegas now. Least not with Katie. Finally, he closes his eyes, drops his chin to his chest and rocks a bit. Something comforting in that. The door opens as Silent Ray enters. Wearing his rollerblades, using his hockey stick as a staff. As he wobbles over and site on the bed, Brendan stands, wipes the tears from his face. Ray "signs" something to his brother. Ray "signs" again. Brendan gets angry.
72) 0) text: Seething purpose, Brendan enters, pulls a kitchen chair over to the butler's pantry. Standing on the chair, he looks up a beat at the slatted ceiling. He reaches up and presses with his right palm. A section of slats lifts up and away revealing an opening in the ceiling. Brendan looks up a beat, reaches into the black. 103.