3) 8) dialog: Going out tonight with Eve and Diane. And it's seven-thirty.
3) 10) dialog: Someone's father?
3) 12) dialog: Later, Daddy. He watches her breeze out. Finally...
4) 0) text: The BELL TINGLES as Katie walks out the front door. Humming to herself. In a great mood. She gets into her car.
5) 0) text: Katie STARTS the CAR, nearly screams as someone sits up from the back seat. Then she recognizes:
5) 1) dialog: Brendan. You scared the shit out of me. In the back seat BRENDAN HARRIS. Nineteen, he loves Katie Marcus like crazy. Brendan is an anthem for her.
5) 3) dialog: He sees you sneaking into my car, he'll shoot you... And they're kissing. Like nineteen-year-olds.
5) 5) dialog: Shoot you -- then kill you.
5) 9) dialog: Tomorrow... They kiss again. Brendan ducks at the STORE BELL. It's a customer exiting.
28) 0) text: PUSH IN ON Katie. She lies on a metal table. Her eyes are closed and she's missing a shoe. Jimmy enters from the other way. Sean a step behind him. Jimmy stops short, opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out. Sean puts a hand on the small of his back.
44) 1) dialog: Later, Daddy... And then...
44) 3) dialog: You will... And as the CAMERA CLOSES ON the river...
49) 0) text: lying on a stainless steel table, a sheet pulled up under her chin. Her hair clean and combed, her face dusted with makeup. Eyes closed, but no longer clenched tight. The Son stands in the doorway, shifting nervously as Jimmy steps up, stands over his daughter. Jimmy gets down on his haunches, his eyes even with Katie's face. He rests his chin on his forearm, looks at his daughter a long moment. Finally, softly, gently:
57) 0) text: Celeste isn't the only one who's desolate tonight. Brendan Harris sits on the floor, his back against the wall. He stares at the bulging suitcase stowed just under his bed. He's never going to Las Vegas now. Least not with Katie. Finally, he closes his eyes, drops his chin to his chest and rocks a bit. Something comforting in that. The door opens as Silent Ray enters. Wearing his rollerblades, using his hockey stick as a staff. As he wobbles over and site on the bed, Brendan stands, wipes the tears from his face. Ray "signs" something to his brother. Ray "signs" again. Brendan gets angry.