3) 0) text: Forty years old. Sitting at a small desk surrounded by shelved stock: cigarettes, corn flakes, soda... Going over some order sheets, Jimmy's lost in thought. Different from when he was a kid, this is a 1,000 yard stare. Beyond, through a half-open curtain, a CASH REGISTER RINGS, a couple kids working behind the counter. One of the clerks, PETE, 21, steps into the back.
3) 1) dialog: Hey, Jimmy. Jimmy. He waves a hand in front of Jimmy's face.
3) 2) dialog: Earth to Mr. Marcus. Jimmy snaps back to reality.
3) 4) dialog: Like I'm Mr. Needy all of a sudden. We're out of Marlboros and Winstons are looking grim.
3) 6) dialog: So that's lost profit. And more profits means I get a raise. Pete grabs a carton of cigarettes and heads out.
3) 7) dialog: If the Surgeon General calls, you're my alibi. As Pete exits, Jimmy tries to focus on his order forms. Then KATIE is in the door looking at him. Nineteen, beautiful, Jimmy's daughter. She smiles as she watches him. He finally feels her eyes on him.
9) 2) dialog: (over phone) I'm in the weeds here at the store, Jimmy. I need some help. Jimmy looks at the clock.
9) 4) dialog: That's the thing, Katie ain't here.
9) 7) dialog: The Sunday paper's still bundled, doughnut guy's honking his horn. He looks in her room. Her bed is empty and made.
11) 0) text: Jimmy arrives to a morning rush. Folks coming off the night shift: Cops, nurses from St. Regina's and a few working girls, all coming off the same battlefield together. Pete looks up, smiles in relief as Jimmy takes up a position by the cash register and lottery machine. Jimmy punches out tickets, RINGS UP at the REGISTER. He also takes the phone off the wall behind him, dials.
11) 8) dialog: Welcome to hell... As they surge toward the counter in a wave.
13) 0) text: Jimmy pulls another pot of coffee from the brewer. Pete appears from out front.
13) 1) dialog: I'll take the hookers over the old ladies any day. Mind if I step out back and grab a smoke?
14) 6) dialog: Any time now. Jimmy sighs, looks out the front window. Brendan comes to the counter with his tea. Pete steps over.
14) 7) dialog: That it, Brendan?
14) 10) dialog: You sweet on my man's daughter, Brendan? 18.
14) 14) dialog: Can I ask you something, Jimmy?
14) 16) dialog: Why do you hate that kid so bad?
14) 18) dialog: Not Silent Ray. Brendan. Jimmy looks over at Pete.
14) 19) dialog: Nice kid. Uses sign language with his brother even if he doesn't have to. It's like, so he won't feel alone. But, Jimmy, you look at Brendan like you're two steps from slicing off his nose and feeding it to him.
14) 21) dialog: Straight up. 19. Jimmy looks back out the window at the receding brothers, hands flying. Then old man Sal crosses the view, headed for the store. Jimmy starts untying his work apron.