24) 0) text: Jimmy's there with three of the Savage brothers: NICK, VAL and Kevin. His brothers-in-law. Jail-yard stares and hair triggers. They shout across the barrier at the cops. 27.
24) 1) dialog: That's our niece in there, you dumb prick pieces of shit!
24) 3) dialog: All due respect, the doughnut shop's that way. Jimmy standing a little alone, watching. Finally:
24) 10) dialog: So let us in. We can help look. Sean doesn't even look at Val, just keeps his eyes on Jimmy.
24) 23) dialog: Guy's gotta make a living, Jim. Jimmy goes the other way, Val following. 29.
64) 4) dialog: Hey, Jimmy. Jimmy turns to see him. They step away from the Salesman.
64) 5) dialog: Been out asking around, like you said to.
64) 7) dialog: It ain't 'cause you did two years for me, Jim. And it ain't 'cause I miss your brain running things, either. Katie was my niece, man.
64) 9) dialog: Maybe not by birth or nothing, but I loved her.
64) 11) dialog: Cops are all over this. Doing their job for once. They're smothering the bars, street trade, everything. Every hooker I've talked to, every bartender, they've already been questioned. I mean, the law has descended.
64) 13) dialog: Kid's a mouse by all accounts. No trouble to anyone. Eve and Diane said he loved her, Jim. Said she loved him. Jimmy stews on this a moment.
64) 14) dialog: Want me to take a run at him?
64) 15) text: No, no, Val. Hold off for the time being. Anything else? Val hesitates, holding something back. Val waits Jimmy's eyes narrow, then he looks out at the cemetery beyond.
64) 17) dialog: Huh?
64) 19) dialog: I heard Sean and his fat-head partner went by Dave Boyle's.
64) 21) dialog: I heard something else. This morning.
64) 23) dialog: Two Staties came by. In uniform.
64) 25) dialog: No. They took Dave with them when they left. They put him in the back seat. now what I mean?
67) 0) text: Celeste. Pacing the sidewalk up from Jimmy's house. She stops, watches as Val's car pulls up and he and Jimmy get out. As they near the front steps, she hurries forward.
67) 2) dialog: Hey, cuz. She looks nervous as hell. Val and Jimmy exchange a look.
69) 2) dialog: Dandy Dave Boyle, how they hanging, brother? Dave squats down to see Val eye-to-eye. 98.
69) 4) dialog: I'm starving. Was looking for someone to grab a bite to eat with, maybe a beer?
69) 6) dialog: What do you say? How about a boy's night out in the middle of the day? We'll hit a place I know across town.
69) 8) dialog: Don't we all. Come on, hop in.
69) 10) dialog: Now you're talking! And for the second time in his life, Dave gets inside a CAR he shouldn't. As Val GUNS IT away...
71) 0) text: A dive backed up against the river. A few old-timers, a few pool tables. Dave and Val sit in a booth. There are four empty shot glasses and a nearly empty pitcher of beer.
71) 1) dialog: This one time back in the day, right? We take off this stamp collector. Rob him, tie him up and go. Me, my brother Nick and this kid Carson Leverett who couldn't tie his own fucking shoes if you didn't show him. 101. Dave laughs; this is really funny.
71) 2) dialog: So we're coming down the elevator and we're wearing suits so we fit in. And this old lady gets on and starts freaking out. So I turn to Nick and he's looking at Carson because the fucking bonehead's still got his Ronald Reagan mask on.
71) 4) dialog: Little shit like that happened on jobs all the time. That's why Jimmy was so missed. He saw the whole field, man.
71) 6) dialog: One word pure and simple... Katie.
71) 8) dialog: I like the night too much. Day's just something you sleep through. Another shot?
71) 10) dialog: Come on, don't go pussy on me. Before Dave can answer, Val is on his way to the bar. A passing headlight flashes white in Dave's face. As he blinks, a silhouette comes through the door. As the door shuts and Dave's vision clears, he realizes it's Jimmy. Jimmy nods at Dave and then goes to Val at the bar. Says something in his ear. Val looks back at Dave and nods. The two of them head over carrying three shots and a bottle. Jimmy sits in across from Dave while Val slides next to him.
71) 14) dialog: I always liked this bar.
71) 16) dialog: That's important. No one bothering you in this life. No one fucking with you or your loved ones. Right, Dave?
71) 18) dialog: This guy's a hoot. He can get you going. Jimmy smiles at Dave, but it's pure frost.
71) 20) dialog: Oh yeah. My man, Dave.
73) 0) text: Dave's having trouble focusing. Jimmy and Val seem like they've forgotten he's here.
73) 1) dialog: Remember we took Ray Harris here that one time?
73) 3) dialog: He was a hoot, too. Most people called him 'Just Ray,' but I called him Ray Jingles. As Dave tries to concentrate, Val leans into him.
73) 4) dialog: This guy, right? He carried like ten bucks in change in his pocket, in case he had to make a phone call to Libya or some fucking place. Val laughs, lights a cigarette. As the smoke climbs up into Dave's face, he looks across at Jimmy who watches him with a flat, determined expression. As Jimmy smiles, Dave swallows, takes a deep suck of air.
73) 9) dialog: Use the back door. Huey don't like cleaning it off toilet rims. Val grips Dave's shoulders, turns him and heads him off for a door at the far end of the bar.
75) 0) text: Out back. One light over the door. And we're TRACKING BACK WITH Dave as he stumbles through the weeds. Drops to his hands and knees at the edge of the Mystic River. We're BACK BEHIND as he heaves, empties his stomach into the dirty water. Finally, he lurches to his feet, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He takes a few deep breaths, feels better. And when Dave finally turns around, Jimmy and Val are standing there. One on either side of the door, the light bulb burning between them. Dave grins. 106.
77) 0) text: Jimmy puts his arm around Dave's shoulder, leads him along the river. Val walks a few paces behind.
77) 31) dialog: Letting this bag of shit explain, Jim? You kidding me?
77) 58) dialog: Yes! That's what I'm talking about. Dave looks back at Jimmy, who turns, sends the knife sailing into the Mystic. Jimmy looks back over.
77) 60) dialog: He's moving his lips. See his fucking lips moving?