0) 9) dialog: (buttoning his pants) That's spectacular, kiddo. Connie looks up at him and smiles. she points at Edward’s pants, then at his jacket. EDWARD coma What? ;
0) 11) dialog: Right. I knew that. Doesn't work for you?
0) 21) dialog: Look at this, Con.
0) 28) dialog: Con, do you remember when we were going to buy Navatel, and you said no? Remember what the stock price was then?
0) 31) dialog: (sighing) Close. It was 61. Charlie and Connie hover over the sink. Connie puts toothpaste on Charlie’s brush. ae
0) 38) dialog: Con, do you know what it is now? (It’s a routine they've performed many times--Connie less enthusiastically than he) Charlie tries to protest as she brushes, but his words ar incomprehensible.
0) 41) dialog: More.
0) 44) dialog: More.
0) 46) dialog: Guess, Con.
0) 48) dialog: Seventy-four! He replaces the handset on the cradle, the cord all tidie up. ‘ (CONTINUED)
0) 53) dialog: Seventy-four. Jesus! We should have bought them. ! i He peels off toward the bedroom to change his pants.
0) 55) dialog: (as he goes upstairs) Too late, Con. Too late.
1) 9) dialog: You like?
1) 11) dialog: What would I be without you? She smiles at him.
1) 13) dialog: Whoa. He shoves it closed.
1) 14) dialog: Maybe you shouldn't go in.
13) 15) dialog: So he’s a war photographer now. (holding the photo) What’s this?
13) 17) dialog: (to Connie) God, were you out in that wind today? It was amazing. Edward lifts the seat and starts peeing.
13) 24) dialog: (to Connie) Thank God we've got the evidence. we can sue?
13) 29) dialog: (joking around) Was he good-looking?
13) 31) dialog: Go do your homework, Charlie.
13) 33) dialog: Come on. I'll help you. Then you can help me with mine. Edward follows Charlie out of the room.
13) 34) dialog: {to Connie) Did you get his name, the guy? We could send him a bottle of wine... {over his shoulder, smiling) Cheap wine. Pao (CONTINUED)
15) 0) text: Edward is lying in bed, with all the parts of a brand new digital camera and the manual, spread out before him. He’ concentrating hard. Connie enters and stands by him. He feels her there. 4
15) 1) dialog: {more to himself than her) What I can’t figure out is how you go from ... stay there for a sec, okay? He turns the camera on and points it at her. Looking at t little screen, he fiddles with the zoom. Zooms in on her, zooms out. He‘’s focused on the hardware, not the subject Connie moves toward the bed ... EDWARD (CONT’D) No, wait, stay still -- . and climbs on top of him, straddling him...
15) 2) dialog: Con, wait, I just want to figure out this ane -7-
15) 6) dialog: {happily shifting gears) Nothing. Nothing at all. | He clears the camera stuff onto the /floor. She slides th slip off one shoulder. He still has the camera on her. EDWARD (CONT’D) Jesus, look how beautiful you are. She leans in and starts kissing him. While they kiss, he moves the camera around her body, so when he looks at the little screen, he can see bits of her blurry back, her fe her ass ... Just as they're really starting to enjoy themselves, ther a THUD from another room. They stop, look at each other.
15) 7) dialog: Shit. [beat] I got it. He gets up. On his way out of the room: 5
15) 8) dialog: {it’s happened in the past) Don’t fall asleep.
16) 0) text: Edward enters to find Charlie and a heap of bedclothes tangled on the floor. He kneels down and picks up the sti Sleeping boy. He looks down at the boy in his arms.
16) 1) dialog: {softly, lovingly) You're driving me bonkers. He puts him back in the bed, then straightens the bedclot and covers his son back up. 27 28 03/12/01 23.
18) 0) text: Connie moves through the living room, carrying paper birt pilates with cake residue on them, From OUTSIDE, she hear kids laughing. She looks out the window and sees Charlie (now wearing his Latrell Sprewell jersey) and a bunch of tearing around the balloon-festooned lawn, chasing after Edward, squirting him with aerosol silly string. He's dodging and weaving to avoid them. They finally catch up him, tackle him, and climb all over him in a giant pig-pi Connie watches. Behind her, a COLLECTION OF SNOW GLOBES.
20) 0) text: She passes by the window, watching as Charlie hops inte t car. Edward FLAPS HiS TIE at her for approval. She waggle her hand a little -- wh, so-so. He laughs.
28) 0) text: Edward is halfway to the door. BILL STONE, an employee, i ready to leave.
28) 1) dialog: Hey -- what a nice surprise.
28) 9) dialog: Mmm. That's nice. I didn't know you were coming in. You could've driven in with me. You're freezing.
28) 11) dialog: Wow. What’s the occasion?
28) 13) dialog: I'll try it on,
28) 15) dialog: (smiling) Why not? I‘m the boss. Takes his jacket off, puts on the sweater. He models it.
28) 20) dialog: What do you think? The FHONE buzzes. He picks it up. EDWARD (CONT‘D} Yes?...All right. And then hold my calls.
28) 22) dialog: (into phone, eyes on Connie as he speaks. He is strong, controlled) Hello, Henry. What’s this I-54 problem? Why wasn’t I told? Re continues talking as WE FAVOR Connie, who plays nervou with her earring. She looks at the various framed photogr of the family on his desk: at play, their wedding, baby Charlie, Charlie playing soccer,
28) 23) dialog: (forceful) Never received it....Well, get it to me. No, that’s not all right....Then let's set a time, and I want Frank Birnbaum there. i Connie gets up and moves to the window, locks out. She se UNEASY. EDWARD (CONT’D) Cause I have a bad feeling about hin. When I tell someone I want them to do something, I want it done. Yes, I’m sure you will, {hangs up, smiles at Connie) How did I do? Mean enough? Connie smiles a little nervously.
28) 25) dialog: Trouble everywhere. Anyway..What- else you + -s--- been up to?
28) 29) dialog: Who'd you hit on?
28) 31) dialog: If you get a pledge out of Bob, they : should send you to the Middle East. She snips off the tag. EDWARD (CONT‘D) So... come on. Tell me. They are eyeball to eyeball.
28) 33) dialog: The sweater. What do you think? Do I match? \ Connie looks at him with a smile.
29) 0) text: After dinner. Cleaning up. Connie is at the sink, rinsing the dishes, precccupied. The faucet‘s running on the plat Behind her, Edward is wiping off the counters. He brings glass over to the sink. As he puts it in, he looks over a Connie and smiles. She feels his glance, but doesn't look back, as if she hasn’t noticed him looking at her. He set the glass down and walks away. Then, as he goes, Connie looks up, watches him walk away. Then she looks back at t sink, still deep in thought. As we move in on her face, w hear the sounds of FOOTSTEPS IN AN ECHO-Y HALLWAY. INT. PAUL‘S HALLWAY - DAY 45 She‘s at his-door. He opens it.: 4. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Wide shot of the train platform. Connie gets off the trai and disappears into the crowd. We linger on the train platform and DISSOLVE through to a different set of commu streaming off another train, among them Edward,
33) 0) text: [During this scene we follow Edward and Bob up the stairs end in the parking lot of the station.) Edward, still in his new sweater, as he runs into BOB GAYLORD.
33) 1) dialog: Bob. How’s it going?
33) 3) dialog: Not this week. Speaking of armed robberies, you better watch out for Connie. She’ll have you signing over your mortgage. Bob looks blank.
33) 4) dialog: Didn't she try to collar you for a few bucks? Bob’s still blank. EDWARD (CONT’D) Connie said she talked to you. About the school auction?
33) 8) dialog: Yeah. Yeah, XI must have got’ it wrong. Bek heads for his car.
34) 0) text: Edward and Charlie are playing a PlayStation game, both making sound effects on their turns. Charlie's in pajamas and slippers. It‘s Edward's turn. While he plays, Charlie manipulates Edward’s face with his hands, smooshing it th way and that. Connie enters with the two pieces of cake.
34) 2) dialog: Here, split it with me. He holds up a bite for her but she doesn’t notice. * She a million miles away. But then the PHONE RINGS. Connie pi it up.
34) 5) dialog: Who's there? (CONTINUED)
34) 12) dialog: Boo who?
34) 16) dialog: {trying to be casual) Who was that?
34) 19) dialog: You're a brave mother. : :
34) 25) dialog: Go on. We'll play again tomorrow. She leads Charlie out. The dog trails behind them, leavin Edward alone.
35) 0) text: Edward works at his: desk under a cone of light from jthe desklamp. Connie comes in. i 1
35) 3) dialog: Nothing. 1/11 be right up.
35) 5) dialog: con... (she turns) You love me?
35) 7) dialog: I guess I’m feeling silly. (smiles at her) See you upstairs. She looks at him a moment, then goes out of the room, lea him there alone in the cone of light.
37) 17) text: Just before he goes out the door, the Guy On The Right, t one wno paid the bill, catches sight of them. They‘re sti kissing. He pauses for a moment. We REVEAL that it’s Bill Stone, from Edward's office. Connie doesn’t see Bill, but Bill's face registers his astonishment as he recognizes h boss's wife. {
37) 18) text: INT. BEDROOM AND CONNIE’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT | 60 Edward is in the bedroom watching a financial report on | television. We pan over and find Connie in her dressing r She takes off her clothes and buries them deep in the ham She smells her arms, her shoulders--smelling Paul all ove her. She puts her hands to her nose and breathes him in..
38) 0) text: She’s in the tub, water running, beads of perspiration on face. The African blues music is playing -- the same song heard at Paul’s. As she languidly sponges herself off, sh comes across the doodle Paul drew on her rib -- it says “mine”. She panics, scrubs at it. It doesn't come off. Sh rubs more soap on the washcloth, then scrubs again. This the ink fades. Thank God. Just as it’s almost completely gone ... : the light goes out. Startled, she looks up. Ancther, softer light: it’s Edward, holding a CLINKING glass of vo on the rocks in one hand and a lit candle in the other.
38) 1) dialog: Can I get in?
38) 3) dialog: This music is nice. What is it?
38) 8) dialog: Let's stay) here while the water’s warm. i
39) 0) text: Edward, dressed for work, gazes at Connie’s image in the bathroom mirror through the half-open door. She's rubbing lotion on her calves, her thighs,
39) 1) dialog: How about lunch today? I1’11 blow off my meetings. We can get a hotel room.
39) 3) dialog: You have.
39) 5) dialog: (watching her closely) Just lunch then. We’ll meet at twelve.
39) 10) dialog: We'll go in together. I'll wait for you.
39) 12) dialog: That‘s okay.
39) 14) dialog: What?
39) 16) dialog: Ah, well. fa light joke] You gotta stay beautiful, right? Connie smiles. He takes her chin and turns her face towar him, touches her cheek. Her eyes meet his.
39) 17) dialog: Georgianna, huh? Waste of money. He touches her cheek, kisses her, and walks out.
40) 0) text: We notice Bill hovering in the doorway. He sees Edward on phone, talking angrily. He hesitates, then leaves. a (CONTINUED)
40) 4) dialog: (on the phone) That's not what we talked about...1 : didn’t order the trucks from Marshall, I ordered them from you...Well, get back to me as soon aS you can. He hangs up as Lindsey enters. She puts papers on his des gives him a smile. : ; i
40) 6) dialog: Give me a few minutes. She nods, goes out and shuts the door. Edward picks up th phone, starts absently uncciling the phone cord, thinking himself. Then he dials, 4-1-1. Waits, still uncoiling the cord. EDWARD (CONT’D) In Manhattan. A beauty salon called Georgina...Oh, right. It’s Georgianna. (writes it down) Thank you. (hangs up, dials) I‘m calling to confirm an appointment for today at twelve thirty. Connie Sumer... S-U-M-N-E-R ...Is she down for any other time?..-Are you sure?...All right. Thank you. He hangs up, brooding. EXT, PAUL’S STREET - DAY 64 * There's an entirely different look on Connie’s face as sh comes down the street--the preoccupied smile that lovers when just the thought of meeting their lover can make the whole world go away. Almost at the steps, we HEAR: WOMAN’S VOICE Con?...Connie! As if in a trance, she almost bumps into two women, TRACY, at the entrance of a cafe opposite FPaul’s bul
47) 0) text: Edward is talking to a man in a suit next to a technician welding a half-built armored truck. .
47) 4) text: Sure. Edward nods and heads toward Bill.
48) 0) text: As Edward enters, a ALARM SOUNDS. He can see Bill through the windows of the doors. He goes through another. ANOTHE ALARM SOUNDS.
48) 2) dialog: I've heard you’re talking with Dunbar and Brinks. And a few other companies.
48) 5) dialog: Apparently a lot of people are wooing you these days. Or who's wooing who?
48) 7) dialog: I‘m letting you go, Bill..you're welcome - to resign if you want. q (CONTINUED)
48) 11) dialog: It‘s about loyalty, Bill. You‘ll have my recommendation if you need it.
48) 17) dialog: Thanks for coming on short notice. te (CONTINUED)
48) 21) dialog: The information you dug up on Pearson saved us a lot of time.
48) 23) dialog: We're prosecuting.
48) 25) dialog: This is personal, not business. So think about it. You might not want to take it on. But I need someone I can trust. I want you to follow somebody. (hesitates, then with difficulty) I want you to follow my wife. A long moment of silence.
48) 27) dialog: Only what my instincts tell me.
48) 29) dialog: I hope I am. I want to know what she does when she comes to the city. Where she gees. Whom she sees. Wilson thinks a moment. Chooses his words carefully.
48) 34) dialog: No. I want to know.
50) 3) dialog: It's fine. [beat] I have to go to Chicago tomorrow. .
50) 5) dialog: To meet with Mike Levy.
50) 7) text: : EDWARD i Not long. Maybe a night. ee,
50) 10) dialog: Eat your vegetables, Charlie.
50) 12) dialog: No.
50) 21) dialog: I fired Bill Stone today.
50) 23) dialog: Nothing’s bothering me. l CONNIE jWhy’d you fire him?
50) 24) dialog: , He's not accountable. I can’t trust him. , (beat) Just in case you run into Dolly, you'll know.
50) 30) dialog: I‘ll go. He’s mad at you, He leaves the room. She waits a beat, then gets up and SCRAPES the dry chicken loudly into the dog's bowl. 81 Fe, 03/12/01 63.
51) 4) text: oc oc She folds st Edward watches her. She crosses back and forth in front o him. Her -body language is tense and slightly awkward. Sh looks up at him. Smiles. t
51) 6) dialog: Eight. Want to come?
51) 8) dialog: Come on -- Chicago. We can stay at that place again, next to the long thing. I’1l blow off a meeting. We'll get bundled up, walk the Loop, then go back and warm each other up. What do you say?
51) 11) dialog: I told you. Eight.
51) 13) dialog: No. She passes by him, close. 3 (CONTINUED )
51) 21) text: INT, BATHROOM — EARLY MORNING 83 Dressed to go, Edward puts his toothbrush in his Dopp kit INT. CONNIE’S DRESSING ROOM - EARLY MORNING 84 Edward walks through her dressing room on his way back to bedroom, He stops, stares at Connie's dresser. He opens a drawer, looks through it. Her jewelry. He looks at it, no quite knowing what he’s searching for. Opens another draw On top is some new LINGERIE with the tags still on it. Fo long moment he stares at it. Then he shuts the drawer. INT. BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING a5 Connie is asleep. Edward's packed bag is in the doorway. leans down by the bed and kisses her. He looks at her for long beat. Then he leaves. Her eyes flick open. INT. CONNIE‘S DRESSING ROOM - MORNING 86 She gets out of the shower. Drying off. Opens her drawer takes out the new lingerie. Pulls off the sales tag. INT. EDWARD’S CHICAGO HOTEL SUITE - DAY 87 Edward shaving.
52) 1) text: Four BUSINE including Edward, Coffee, muffins, ete. cn a table. The off. Edward seems distracted. Lcoks at his watch. In a Moment, he stands up. |
52) 3) dialog: { Excuse me. I have a call I have to make. Walks to the bedroom. i int] HOTEL SUITE BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 89 Moves to the phone, considers it. Finally picks it up, di
53) 2) dialog: Lupe, it’s Edward. Is Connie there?
53) 4) dialog: Yes. Please.
53) 12) dialog: Did she say where she was going?
55) 1) dialog: Yeah. It’s me. You okay?
55) 5) dialog: You probably did. I got my dates mixed up, that’s all.
55) 7) dialog: Freezing. Good you didn’t come. How's Charlie?
55) 9) dialog: Aren't we all? EDWARD (CONT’D) You're going in?
55) 11) dialog: Barely. 67. 96 She laughs. He doesn’t. She’s approaching the train stati parking lot. (CONTINUED)
55) 16) dialog: Well, good. That’s good.
55) 18) dialog: Yeah. {beat) Be careful, Con. And the line goes dead. Edward looks at the phone. Then hears HEARTY LAUGHTER from the other room.
62) 0) text: Edward picks up the phone. He cannot see or be seen by Connie and Charlie, but he can see the TV. The way he put down the camera has left an oblique image of Connie and Charlie on the TV screen. He watches Connie's expression he answers the phone.
62) 1) dialog: Hello? Helio? (CONTINUED)
63) 0) text: The same SHOT as before, but this time there are no child in the playground. Again, we’re looking at a man sitting bench, but as we come around this time, we discover that Edward. Wilson sits down next to him and begins to talk.
63) 5) dialog: They go to the movies? cs
63) 10) dialog: I appreciate your doing this. What de owe you? Ht Wilson opens his briefcase and takes out another envelope stands up, walks to Edward, and hands it to him. WILSON i Here's my bill, my receipts. I also included the negatives. Edward nods, looks at the bill. He takes out his wallet, counts out several hundred-dollar bills, and hands them t Wilson. WILSON (CONT’‘D) (with feeling) i‘m Sorry. He waits a beat, then turns and leaves. Edward sits back down, sagging. He stares out into the cold, empty park. INT. SUPERMARKET - DAY iit Connie absently throws GROCERIES into a shopping cart. Sh starts to cry. The Muzak plays. She pushes her cart throu the aisles, weeping. She heads for the checkout counter. ExT. CONNIE’S TOYOTA - MOVING - DAY - RAIN 112 Her face through the windshield. The wipers going. The windshield misty with condensation. She looks ragged. She heading home. She picks up her phone and dials. A BUSY SIGNAL. Her POV: She sees the sign for the Sawmill Parkway onramp Almost passes it. A spur-of-the-moment decision. She swer erazily onto the ramp, over the plastic lane dividers. Th lane dividers rat-a-tat against the underside of her car. ORANGES SPILL out of a bag of groceries and tumble onto t floor. She guns the Toyota down the freeway.
63) 16) text: INT, EDWARD'S OFFICE - DAY 1s é i ANGLE PAST HIM as he stands at the window at his desk. | pouring rain. Lindsay enters.
63) 20) dialog: Hm? Oh, yeah, that’d be -- well, maybe not. Maybe I'1] take a walk. He heads for his door.
65) 0) text: Edward, wearing his raincoat, walks downtown. He wanders, sad, lost, seemingly with no conscious destination. He st in front of a GIANT VIDEO SCREEN. Se (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: Paul is carrying a glass of water out into the hallway wh Connie is. As he passes the window, he glances out. A man doesn’t know (Edward) is looking up at his building. Paul hesitates, then moves toward the door, INP. THE HALLWAY - DAY - SAME 12a Connie sits on the top stair, her coat wrapped around her shoulders. Her clothes, including her SWRATER, are on the corridor floor nearby. From inside his apartment, Paul co out. and brings her the glass of water.
69) 0) text: Edward stares up at the apartment again, at the window, a the flower pot. He edges closer to it, crossing the stree fascinated. t { ; An OLDER MAN comes out, carrying a suitcase. He’s having trouble with the door. Edward goes up the steps and helps him.
69) 1) text: Thanks. : Edward nods, still holding the door, watching the Older M go down the steps. Then he looks at the buzzers and sees:
70) 0) text: CLOSE ON the 3 on Paul’s door. Edward stands in front of for a long time. Then, making up his mind, he knocks. Silence. Finally the door opens to reveal Paul -- dressed tousled and barefoot. The two strangers stare at each oth
70) 2) dialog: You're Paul Martel? *
70) 4) dialog: How old are you?
70) 6) dialog: Edward Sumner. r Paul stares at him.
70) 14) dialog: May I come in? !
70) 15) text: Uh /... okay. : Edward walks past him, into the loft. INT. PAUL‘S APARTMENT - DAY 127 Edward enters, looking around at the unusual space. Takes off his coat.
70) 18) dialog: No, thank you. Edward stands in the middle of the sitting area -- occupi it.
70) 20) dialog: Why not? ene
70) 24) dialog: Oh, vodka, Is it cold? : PAUL i * Yes. I keep it in the freezer.
70) 25) text: So do I. At home. Paul looks at him, then goes. Edward watches him. *
72) 0) text: Paul returns and pours the vodka. His hands a bit unstead He holds up the glass to say, “Cheers,” but then thinks better of it and takes a sip. Edward watches hin, Their conversation moves in fits and starts. Everything f tense, off-balance. Anything could happen. When Edward speaks, it’s with a forced casualness.
72) 1) dialog: So tell me -- how did you meet my wife?
72) 3) dialog: Oh, You're him.
72) 5) dialog: Yes. A long, awkward beat. EDWARD (CONT‘D) So. How's it going? Stele &e
72) 10) dialog: (looking around) She likes it here?
72) 12) dialog: Do you stay in all the time? or do you go out too?
72) 15) dialog: Did you know we've been married ten years? We have a son. PAUL | - oe Yes. She told me. y?
72) 19) dialog: Yes, please. i Paul pours. Another adng pause. He‘s the réason we moved out of the city. Connie thought it would be better for ‘him, | EDWARD {CONT'D} .
72) 21) dialog: You talk about me? A long pause.
72) 23) dialog: B lot of books,
72) 27) dialog: (shattered) Where did you get this? -
72) 29) dialog: rom her. Of course it is, but it’s too awkward to admit. So Paul doesn’t answer. Almost by rote, Edward twists something o the bottom of the globe’s base. It plays a tune.
72) 31) dialog: (quietly, to himself) Why would she do that?
72) 33) dialog: She didn't buy it for you. I gave it to her. Edwarc sags.
72) 34) dialog: (almost to himself) I can’t do this.
72) 36) dialog: I don’t feel well. Edward stands, woozy, still holding the snow globe. Concerned, Paul comes closer. He’s now very close to him.
72) 40) dialog: No -- i Suddenly, without warning, Edward turns and BRINGS THE GL DOWN WITH GREAT FORCE on Paul’s head. \ For one agonizing moment, nothing happens, The men stare each other. There is a look of; bewilderment on Paul’s fa Then a curtain of blood descerids from Paul' s head. Paul down. Blood is dripping on nis shoes, on the floor. Horrified, he puts his hand to his head, then looks into paim. It is red. He looks back at Edward, then staggers a falls into a stack of books. The books topple, and Paul g down with them. Blood seeps from his head across the floor, staining the books thrown there. Finally it soaks into the “Little Pri first edition. The original dustjacket turns red. Edward looks at Paul lying there, motionless, with glazed open eyes. Then at the snow globe. His hands shake. The music slows and stops in mid-phrase. A few last snowflake fall. Edward backs up to a chair. He collapses into it, staring Paul's lifeless body. It becomes unbearable to look at. H gets up, grabs a sheet from the wall (one of the sculipto and throws it over Paul. He steps back, sits back down. A he watches, to his horror, blood frem Paul's face starts seep through the sheet. Paul's features start to appear. Edward looks away.
73) 0) text: Edward turns on the faucet and washes the blood off the globe. He dries it with a hand towel, then moves, still holding the towel and the globe, to the
73) 2) text: Edward starts to dial. He pushes $,i-~-and then has secon thoughts. He hangs up the phone.
74) 0) text: Paul's closet door opens. Edward rummages through some * shirts, picks one out. Shoves it in his pocket. * INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 138 * Dressed again, he goes to Paul's desk. Always using the t to wipe away prints, he finds a key ring. Puts on his raincoat. Doesn’t notice Connie’s sweater on the hook underneath. Goes out the door. The door shuts. We hear Edward's footsteps on the stairs. Then only the drip, drip, drip of the faucet. Paul's body lies wrapped up on the floor.
76) 1) text: Edward enters and shuts the door. He drags the body pr th rug over to the freight elevator and shoves it in. INT. PAUL’S ELEVATOR - DAY . 142 He shuts the big metal doors, slides the inner gate close and moves the lever. The elevator starts its descent. But halfway down Paul's floor, there’s.a CLANK. And a SHUDDER The elevator stops moving. Edward jimmies the lever back forth. Nothing. The elevator’s stuck. Shit. . Edward looks at the elevator door -- halfway up is the fl to Paul’s loft. He pulls open the gate, yanks himself up onto the ledge of the floor, and bangs on the big metal d to the loft until one opens. Then he gets back down, struggles to force the body in the rug up and out of the elevator again. After a few deep breaths, he climbs out himself.
77) 0) text: Exhausted now, Edward sits down next to the body (part of which still hangs into the elevator), breathing heavily. While he catches his breath, we SEE the elevator slowly s to descend again, Edward doesn’t see it threatening to ca and wedge the end of the rug (and perhaps Paul’s feet) in elevator shaft. Finally, just as the elevator grazes the of the rug, Edward sees it moving. He jumps up, grabs the body and pulls it back out into the loft, just in time to keep it from getting lodged in the elevator. He takes a beat, then shuffles backwards with the body an heads for the door to the hallway.
78) 0) text: Straining, he backs down the stairs, dragging the rolled It bumps on the steps as it goes. Edward sweats. It’s a l stretch. He reaches the front door, gets it open.
79) 0) text: The street is deserted. With some difficulty, hea hoists rug over his shoulder. Steps cut into the rein. Moves as quickly as he can to: THE CAR‘S OPEN TRUNK Fdward tries te stuff the rug into the trunk, but it won‘ fit. A PASSERBY stops and stares. Edward looks up. The Passerby is almost right next to him--uncomfortably near.
79) 2) dialog: No-- Just then he notices that a BLOOD-STAINED BOOK has fallen of the rug~--right at the Passerby’s feet. The rain mingl with che blood. EDWARD (CONT’D) {trying for calm) ..I‘m fine. Thanks anyway.
80) 0) text: Edward wipes down all the surfaces of the elevator. 148 149 150 03/12/01 93. INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT - DAY 148 Does a last check. Goes inte the kitchen, stuffs the towe his bloody shirc into a plastic bag, knets it, then scufts the bag into his raincoat.
82) 0) text: A cop is about to write a ticket on his double-parked car Edward rushes out.
82) 2) dialog: Sorry. I’1ll move it. cop (indicating the open hood) Why don't I call you a tow? He reaches for his walkie-talkie.
82) 3) dialog: No. It just overheated. I put some water in it--it should be... The cop stares at hin,
82) 4) dialog: (talking too fast) Why don‘t I start it up and see if it’s okay? He smashes the hood shut, gets in the car, and turns it o He gives the cop a nod and zooms away, leaving the cop standing there. +4 154. 155 03/12/01 94.
83) 0) text: The Mercedes pulls in. a wu w INT. MEN‘S ROOM - DAY Edward enters, locks the door, throws off his coat, and y off his tie and shirt. There’s a manic panic-stricken ene to what he does. He turns on the tap and douses his body with water, cleaning the blood off his chest that has see through his shirt. Water splashes onto the floor. He drie himself off with paper towels. As he goes to throw them away, he notices the huge trash is chock full of paper towels. He starts yanking them out the trash. They rain around him. A seemingly endless fountain of paper towels spills into the room. He grabs h shirt and the bloody evidence from his coat pocket and sh it all into the trash bin, then forces the paper towels b in. His breath is coming in short bursts. He takes Jack’s shirt from his other pocket, puts it on, buttons it up. But the neck is too small. It barely close The top button pops off. He reties his tie. Pulls himself together. He looks at himself in the mirror. Inspecting. As he push his hair back, he notices a sniall SPOT OF BLOOD on his forehead. He washes it off. When it’s all clean, and the evidence is all gone, he looks at nimself again. And suddenly, as if from nowhere, a wave cf revulsion overtak him and he vomits into the sink.
85) 0) text: The play has just begun. Edward enters. Connie sees him, indicates she’s saved him a seat. He makes his way down t her, stepping over a few other parents, muttering his apologies. He sits next to Connie.
85) 3) text: eee Re eee eee ee ee 1s5 03/12/01 95. CONTINUED: i55 dust then the audience LAUGHS, and Connie whips her head around to look at the stage. She joins in the laughter. She takes Edward’s hand. The hand that killed Paul. Absen she begins softiy rubbing the place where his hand is scratched. He steals a tense glance at her, looking for a sign of suspicion or questioning. But her mind is on the stage. He looks down at their hands, et this tender gestu of hers. Edward is still sweating. With his other ‘hand, he pulls his handkerchief and mops his forehead. Connie looks over him. CONNIE {CONT’D) : (whispering) You okay? He nods. They both turn back to the play. ON STAGE: About 25 first-graders in bunny costumes are performing a crudely choreographed number while singing “Dream Loud“ and signing the lyrics in sign-language. On lyrics, *catch a star from the sky,” the children all sho their hands in the air. Charlie and ANOTHER BUNNY step forward from the group (soloists). The hood to Charlie's costume is too big; it' flopped down over his eyes, so he can’t see, and the ears drooping, horizontally. u In their seats, Connie squeezes Edward’s hand. Shoots him nervous-parent look.
86) 0) text: Ke Edward, Connie, and Charlie stroll toward Edward's car. O parents and kids in b.g.
86) 2) text: : I’ve got to help clean up. 1’11 come kiss you goodnight when I get home. (to Edward) Glad you made it. Tough day? Suddenly, the SOUND of a car being BUMPED hard. They turn see: A big Expedition has BACKED INTO EDWARD'S MERCEDES, denti the trunk, The DRIVER (JERRY) gets out. They gather at th trunk.
86) 4) dialog: It’s fine, Jerry. It’s nothing.
86) 7) dialog: I‘11 give you a call in the morning. We'll) take care of it tomorrow.
87) 0) text: Edward starts the car.
88) 3) dialog: Yeah?
88) 5) dialog: Yeah, kiddo. The absolute best. Now get back in bed. Mom'1l come in when she gets home. Charlie pads back into his room. | Edward waits a moment. Then heads for the garage. ye 160 03/12/01 98.
89) 5) dialog: Not really. {ushering her in) It’s cold. Let’s go in.
92) 0) text: ON CONNIE'S SLEEPING FACE, We pan up to find Edward. He i dressed in old clothes. He stares down at her.
93) 0) text: Edward tries the trunk, but it won’t open. He persists. I opens. And there it is, the WRAPPED CORPSE. Edward takes a step back. Stares at it. He looks around t garage, finds a shovel hanging on the wall. He puts it in trunk, closes it quietly. He unlocks the automatic garage door. Then he opens it, very quietly, by hand. He sweats the exertion.
95) 0) text: The wind is blowing like crazy. Because of the whipping gusts, layers of trash are flattened into the chain-link fence surrounding the place. Through the mud, Edward’s Mercedes approaches mounds of trash and garbage. It stops Edward backs it up to a towering garbage heap. While the whips papers and trash around him, Edward gets out and go to the trunk. It sticks, but he finally gets it open. He takes out the shovel and digs a space for the body. Uses hands to pull away trash. Finally he pulls the corpse out the trunk and lays it down in this strange grave. He begi to cover it. ee te
97) 0) text: The wheels spin, then catch on the boards Edward has wedg in front of them. Slowly the car pulls out.
98) 0) text: Edward showering. He’s washing himself over and over, try to clean everything away.
99) 0) text: Edward slips into bed with Connie. He lies there, eyes op We gradually LIGHTEN the room as morning approaches. Edwa eyes never close.
100) 0) text: Edward enters, looking ashen and disheveled.
100) 4) dialog: Noe What?
100) 8) dialog: Oh. Just...out to get some air.
100) 11) dialog: Because we don‘t have to live here. We could move back to the city. She looks at him strangely.
100) 13) dialog: I’m fine, Fine. Are you okay?
101) 0) text: goes through the wash. BEYOND IT, we see, window, Edward’s smeary image, watching the EdwarG‘s car tnrough the mud run off his car.
101) 4) text: EXT. CAR WASH - DAY 17s Edward watches from a distance as the CAR WASH ATTENDANT vacuums out the trunk. int. EDWARD'S OFFICE - DAY 176 Working at his desk, he glances at the clock. Nearly 1:00 EXT. PAUL’S BUILDING - DAY : 177 Connie approaches. INT. PAUL‘S HALLWAY - DAY 178 She knocks on his door. No answer. She tries again. She d out her key.
104) 0) text: Edward is at his desk, unable to concentrate. Looks at th clock. It‘s 1:12. Lindsay brings in some lunch, puts it o his desk. He stares et it. i INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT -— DAY ibe
105) 0) text: At dinner. Edward and Connie sit there in their own world both half~there, both playing with their food. The. room blanketed in an awkward formality, a stiffness.
105) 1) dialog: How was your meeting?
105) 3) dialog: Did you get some lunch?
105) 11) dialog: Forty-eight to go. { '
105) 14) dialog: (hint) Hamp...
106) 0) text: Edward shoots out of bed, eyes wide, breathing hard, almo grunting. He stands in the middle of the bedroom. Terrifi Edward looks over at Connie, asleep in the bed. Tries to quiet his pounding heart. a co wo
107) 0) text: It‘s drizzling. Edward and everyone else have their umbre up as the train pulls in. All the umbrellas go down as the commuters stream on boar
108) 0) text: Edward staring out the window. Suddenly he FLASHES ON: The SNOW GLOBE smashing Paul‘s head. Paul staring at him. curtain of blood coming down his face, His staring eyes. BACK to the TRAIN. Edward, his face pale and clammy. re
113) 0) text: CLOSE ON A PIZZA making its way to the booth, where Conni Edward, and Charlie dre sitting. The WAITER sets it down disappears. Edward starts cutting it with the slicer.
113) 2) dialog: Cops? What did they want? ( Connie slips a slice onto Charlie's plate and starts cu “ it up into bite-sized pieces.
113) 4) dialog: Who was it?
113) 7) dialog: (intense) What was his name? Do you remember? Ne & (CONTINUED)
113) 13) dialog: Why did they want to talk to you? : CONNIE if I guess he had my name and number. Charlie, don’t chew with your mouth open. EDWARD i I wonder why, ‘
113) 15) dialog: Did they say they were coming back?
113) 17) dialog: Bless, oh Lord, this food to our use, and our lives to thy service. And help us to be ever mindful of the needs of others. Amen. A couple of kids muffle GIGGLES.
114) 0) text: We glimpse a foot in the debris. Something rolls around. Loosening sheets, the rug torn. INT. GRANDMA’S DINING ROOM - EASTER DINNER 202 The family applauds something somebody said. Charlie is telling his cousins a story, and he's barking like a dog. Edward twists a drumstick off the bird. The juices flow i a juice reservoir on the carving platter.
116) 4) dialog: Charlie, we’re going on the porch for a minute. .
116) 8) dialog: Yes, the man who was missing. They reach the porch.
116) 13) dialog: That‘’s ... terrible.
116) 25) dialog: Yes. I think I was. i DEAN Maybe you met Mr. Martel. n Me
116) 31) dialog: | No. I've never seen him before.
116) 37) dialog: (with a certain strength and resolve) Listen, Detective--
116) 41) dialog: That doesn‘t mean it’s from her.
116) 57) dialog: Look, my wife has told you everything she knows. And so have 1.
116) 62) dialog: So if it’s all right with you, we’d like to get back to our son. They all begin to move toward the front of the house. Dea texns to Connie, clearly not buying her line. i DEAN (CONT'D) i Why don't I leave you my card? { !
117) 0) text: She lays the clothing on the counter and checks the pocke of Edward’s suits and coats.
117) 15) text: Moving as if in a trance, Connie is making the hors d'oeuvres. Edward comes in the garage door with a case of wine.
117) 17) dialog: : How we doing? Need any help? i She flooks at him as if at a stranger. He was aware of th affair. For how long?
117) 19) dialog: The white isn’t cold. 1'11 stick it in the freezer. Remind me it’s in there. She looks at him, trying to read him. He looks back at he moment passes between them. Then she looks away.:
117) 20) dialog: I guess most people will want red anyway - She can barely look at him now. She turns away, spots the on his hind legs, paws on the table, sniffing the hors d’ oeuvres.
118) 0) text: Connie carries a tray of hors d'oeuvres into the living r for the dinner guests: Tracy and her husband, JOSH, and B and her husband, JEFF. A drink in her hand, Tracy is looking at Connie’s snow gl collection. Edward is nearby, quiet, watching. Tracy hold one up with Big Ben inside. (CONTINUED)
118) 8) dialog: I don’t know. But if you sell your house, where do you go?
119) 0) text: We FAVOR Edward and Connie as the dinner conversation | continues. Connie has barely teuched her food. From time time, someone turns to her, but she can only smile and an mechanically : ' i
119) 31) dialog: No, you tell me what you did. Connie is taken aback by his attack.
120) 0) text: Dinner. Connie, Edward, Charlie. Nobody talks. All we HEA is the CLINK CLINK CLINK of scraping silverware on china. INT. SUMNER DEN - NIGHT i 215 1 Connie lies on the couch alone, staring at the fire. A blanket is over her. This is where she sleeps now. But sh can’t sleep at all. A noise -- a sniffle. It’s Charlie. His pajamas are soaki wet, clinging to him. Unnerved by the tension in the hous he’s wet his bed. He's standing there, in that dead-tired half-sleep that children get.
122) 0) text: A brisk spring day. Connie walks down toward the POND at bottom of their garden, holding the globe and carrying a manila envelope. She stands for a moment, looking out at still pond. Then she takes something out of the manila envelope, lights a match, and sets it aflame. It's the photograph of Connie and Paul leaving the movie theater. of Paul’s face curling and burning. ‘ She burns the othér photographs and negatives. Watches th turn to ash. Then she takes the snow globe. Looks at it. decisively, throws it far out into the pond. It makes a plopping noise. She hears something behind her She turns. Edward is standing there. They look at each ot both understanding what she has just done. He walks over her. They stare out at the pond.
122) 2) dialog: It was from you?
122) 7) dialog: I thought I knew myself -- what I was : capable of. I had no idea. They stand there, forlornly looking out at the cold pond.
122) 8) dialog: How did all this happen? When did we change?
122) 10) dialog: I don’t know. (beat) Did you love him?
122) 12) dialog: Doing something you never dreamed you'd be able to do, He's talking about himself. They’ve never understood each other more.
123) 6) dialog: They think you did it. (beat) I should turn myself in, Con,
123) 13) dialog: You think so?
123) 15) dialog: We do. We know.
124) 0) text: A cop is standing by Connie’s Toyota, speaking into a wal talkie. In the b.g. Edward and Connie emerge from the hot Edward has Charlie asleep over his shoulder. They freeze, not knowing what to do. Slowly they walk forward toward t car. Connie TAKES EDWARD’S HAND and SQUEEZES IT. And then the cop tears out a parking ticket and sticks it under the windshield wiper.
129) 0) text: She's with Edward, sitting in silence. The light changes. Another car moves on. The Toyota remains still.
129) 5) dialog: \ Disappear?
129) 8) dialog: Senorita? L I '
129) 10) dialog: What do we tell Charlie? On CHARLIE in the rear-view mirror, asleep.
129) 14) dialog: I can serenade you to sleep at night. Tears come to her eyes.
129) 16) dialog: Sounds perfect. They kiss. Tears mingle in it. They hold each other as th signals change again, Pa 03/12/01 131.
129) 19) text: For the longest time nothing happens. Then finally Edward door opens. He gets out and walks slowly toward the polic station. He enters and we fade to black.