5) 16) dialog: Stay there. I‘1l... He gets up painfully--more painfully than he expected. PAUL (CONT‘’D) * Ow, shit, what did you do to me? *
5) 19) dialog: It’s all right. I'll get you a cab. (quietly, to himself) Fuck -~- He tries to hail a cab, but it whooshes by him. He hops o one leg. A GARBAGE CAN LID rolls past him in the wind, an tries to KICK it. Misses it. Smiles at her. ON CONNIE: taking it in. Another taxi whooshes by.
5) 20) dialog: Bad day for taxis. His arms are full of party favors now. She tries to get u but. she’s more hurt than she 'expected.. Her -knee colla It's reélly bleeding, Se (CONTINUED)
5) 26) dialog: You shot down there like a bullet. If you'd flapped your arms, you’d be home by now. : jcomre (receiving party favors, watching him in motion) I'll remember that next time. !
5) 27) dialog: (re. her knee) That’s not good. {points up) Listen, that’s me up there. The flower pot. She looks up and sees a flower pot with a dead plant in i sitting on the window ledge. PAUL (CONT’D) T'll get you a Band-Aid. Hold onto something. Don’t blow away. He starts hobbling up the stoop, carrying his books; then reconsiders.
5) 28) dialog: Or you can come on up and clean it off. Connie sits on the stoop, the wind howling in her ears. T look on her face: is she really going to follow him up.to place?
5) 30) dialog: Come on. I promise I’m not an axe murderer. She smiles back, gets up and follows hin ‘ in, _ AS she d EMPTY TAXI drives by. She watches it go. °
6) 0) text: Paul and Connie enter. A hand-lettered “Out of Order” sig hangs on the elevator. They continue up the stairs. Connie's trailing behind Fau
6) 2) dialog: (with a smile) One more. You can make it. She smiles and continues upwards.
7) 0) text: A cavernous loft, very bohemian. It is, almost literally, MAZE OF BOOKS. Books are stacked in twisting lines--WALLS PASSAGEWAYS OF BOOKS. Paul enters, leaving the door open. puts down his new acquisitions and turns to see Connie arriving at the landing.
7) 1) dialog: Pardon the mess.
7) 3) dialog: No. I collect books. They enter a small living-room area and he points toward rear, She hesitates.
7) 4) dialog: The bathroom's down there. You can sneak a peek at my prescriptions. She can’t help laughing as she goes toward the bathroom.
9) 3) dialog: Tea,
9) 9) dialog: T used to. Ee makes a little sparring gesture at her. She laughs. Th takes in the apartmenr. CONNTE i It’s a nice place, {
9) 10) dialog: It’s not mine. The owner is a sculptor, a friend of mine. He's in Paris. So we stay here. Me and my books. [beat] Here, look at these. He goes to the refrigerator and opens it. The top shelf i full of wax models of hands. Connie makes a face, a littl grossed-out. PAUL (CONT’D) It keeps them from melting, I guess. He takes one out. It has the index finger extended. He looks at it a moment, then, smiling, uses the extended wa finger to give her a playful little poke, It’s slightly awkward. .
9) 12) dialog: Sure. There’s a phone by the...
9) 20) dialog: (almost a whisper) Ice. She holds the ice against her knee, very uncomfortable wi the intimacy of the situation--especially now, on the pho with her son. |
9) 21) text: (on the phone, a little fazed) About an hour. Start your homework’. Daddy'1l help you. Okay?...1‘'11 tell you about it when I get home. Okay? Love you. Bye. She hangs up. Paul is at the window, looking cut.
9) 23) dialog: I’m Paul Martel, I'11l be 28 in July.
9) 25) dialog: Before you go. Take a book.
9) 27) dialog: Sure you can. Keepsake. Go down that aisle. He paints down an aisle of books. She looks at him, then, hesitantly, walks down it.
9) 28) dialog: Go on. Now left. No, left. Now the first right.
9) 33) dialog: Now take the fourth one from the top.
9) 35) dialog: Yes. Got it? She pulls out a book that has elaborate Arabic designs on cover,
9) 37) dialog: Want me to tell you what it is? She looks up again, but she still can’t see him.
9) 39) dialog: Omar Khayyam. The Ruba'iyat.
9) 41) dialog: Now open to page 63. She does. We see a hand-written English translation besid the French text. She reads. She hears his footsteps getti closer.
9) 46) dialog: (smiling) it's really better in French.
9) 48) dialog: Can you find your way out? ‘
9) 50) dialog: That‘s my bedroom.
9) 52) dialog: It was nice meeting you, Constance. She pauses. A loaded moment. Then she heads purposefully toward the exit.
9) 53) dialog: Come back if you need more books. Or medical attention.
14) 0) text: CLOSE ON A ROW OF BOOKS, Then we see Connie, now ina nigh slip, standing at the bookshelf, holding the beok Paul ga her. She looks at it a moment, smiles a little, then plac it on the shelf, pushing it back a little DEEPER than the ether books.
17) 0) text: Comnie is on her way back from New York bags piled on the seat beside her, a painting propped against them. She sit herseif, looking through her Filofax. Crosses things off to-do list: Latrell jersey, gift baskets, Spinelli Galler She can see into the window of the car ahead of her. The train goes around a bend, and suddenly, through that wind she sees Paul. Could it be? She stares, but he doesn’t se her. The train pulls out of the turn. She can't seen him more. She cranes her head to see whether she can ,catch sight o him, but just as she does the train turns again, and ther is. She waves, trying to get his attention. He looks up-- breaks into a grin. Hoisting one leg in the air, he points to it and makes a questioning face: How's the knee? She smiles, with a nod a gesture: Not bad. Then she points questioningly to her nose, asking how's his. He wiggles his nose, gives a nod: It’s working okay. For a moment they smile at each other, sure where this is going. And then the train straightens and he vanishes. But then he leans back into view and mimes “Cail me’, as people are getting up around him to get off the train. He waves and goes with then. She sits, thinking, a smile playing on the corners of her mouth. curT TO:
21) 0) text: w ad Connie enters, looking for a shirt to wear.) She pauses w she sees her books, and PAUL’S BOOK pushed deep into the shelf. She pulls it out. A CARD fallsfout of it. She contemplates the glop in her hand, then pops Charlie’s ca into her mouth to free up her other hand and picks the ca up off the floor. It has Panli’S NAME AND PHONE NUMBER on cUuT TO:
22) 10) text: 33 INT. ‘PAUL'S APARTMENT - DAY Paul roaming, sorting books, cradling the phone.
22) 11) dialog: Where are you?
22) 13) dialog: Where are you?
22) 15) dialog: Come on down.
22) 17) dialog: Take a break. I’'11 make you some coffee.
23) 0) text: Establishing. The flower pot in the window. ANGLE DOWN on Connie lissking up at Paul's apartment. &. 33
25) 1) dialog: (re: her knee) No permanent damage, I see. She bounces 2 little on the injured leg to show how she's healed. He extends his arm to usher her in.
25) 2) dialog: We take Medicaid, Blue Cross -~-
25) 4) dialog: Ch God, another charity case. He shuts the door in her face. ‘She stands there a mdment thrown. Then the door reopens and he's standing there, grinning, He steps aside, letting her in. INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT - DAY 37 Books are everywhere. Paul picks one up. It’s in a clear, plastic cover.
25) 5) dialog: Look at this. Antoine de Saint-Exupery. First edition of “Le Petit Princes in English, In the original dust jacket. T got it for a buck fifty.
25) 7) dialog: About twe thousand times more. 4 (CONTINUED)
25) 11) dialog: “I found it at an estate sale in Whire Plains. Ch--that Gay I saw you on the train.
25) 12) text: Hl Yeah, That was ... | PAUL ® Yeah. Connie picks up a book from one of the stacks.
25) 13) dialog: Those are all in French. Do you read ™ French? r
25) 15) dialog: ! Tu veut enlever ton manteau?
25) 17) dialog: Would you like to take off your coat?
25) 19) dialog: I'll get the coffee. He goes into the kitchen. PAUL (CONT’D) How was the birthday party?
25) 25) dialog: Let me show you something -- I just foun. this the other day. He puts down his mug, digs a big, heavy book out of a box epens it up. The pages are white, with bumps. { 1
25) 26) dialog: {pronouncing it in French) { It‘s in Brailie.
25) 28) dialog: No, Braille ~ he was French. (beat) Close your eyes. She hesitates. He takes her cup from her, puts it down on the table.
25) 29) dialog: Close them. She does. He takes her hand and puts it on the page,, the sets her index finger on the first line of Braille. As sh starts to run her finger across the tiny bumps:
25) 30) dialog: (quoting) “When he thought of her, he thought of caramel...” She continues moving her hand along the page as he recite the text. He sets his hand down on the right side cf the page, so that her hand, moving across the bumps, will hit
25) 31) dialog: ",.. and the delicious way it had of lingering in the cracks of his teeth. That’s how it was with her. Still there, even days after she'd left.* When her fingers to meet his, she stops. Opens her eyes. -deesn’t pull her hand awey. (CONTINUED)
25) 37) dialog: I did. i i Gheir fingers are stu touching on the page. | “CONNIE (hesitatingly) I'd better go, But he keeps moving his fingers on hers, intertwining the more, exploring the crevices between her fingers. She let him continue for a moment. And then --
25) 39) dialog: Take care. Don’t fall. ‘
25) 41) dialog: You didn't drink it. Buc he is talking to an empty hallway. She’s gone.
29) 0) text: After dinner. Cleaning up. Connie is at the sink, rinsing the dishes, precccupied. The faucet‘s running on the plat Behind her, Edward is wiping off the counters. He brings glass over to the sink. As he puts it in, he looks over a Connie and smiles. She feels his glance, but doesn't look back, as if she hasn’t noticed him looking at her. He set the glass down and walks away. Then, as he goes, Connie looks up, watches him walk away. Then she looks back at t sink, still deep in thought. As we move in on her face, w hear the sounds of FOOTSTEPS IN AN ECHO-Y HALLWAY. INT. PAUL‘S HALLWAY - DAY 45 She‘s at his-door. He opens it.: 4. (CONTINUED)
29) 3) dialog: 
29) 5) dialog: Tu veut enlever ton manteau? She nods, smiles, takes it off.
29) 7) dialog: African blues. [beat] Want to dance?
29) 9) dialog: Yes.
29) 11) dialog: (teasing) Of course. You're American. 45 46 other. He holds out his hand. She takes it. Comes into him slowl His arm goes around her waist. They dance.
29) 16) dialog: Two. . * He holds up two fingers, in mock innocence. *
29) 19) dialog: Your eyes are amazing, you know that? You should never shut them. Not even at night. You should learn to sleep with your eyes open.
29) 21) dialog: Will you?
29) 23) dialog: Hang on -- He goes over to the CD player and turns it off. When he turns back around to her, she's changed -- tightened up a bic.
29) 29) dialog: There’s nc such thing as a mistake. There’s what you do, and what you don't do. She can‘t meet his gaze. She heads for the door.
29) 36) dialog: What’s the matter? He begins kissing her over and over es she talks. hardly get the words out.
29) 39) dialog: {still kissing) «a | (looks at her) Hit me. : She stares at him.
29) 41) dialog: Just do it. She slaps his face half-heartedly.
29) 42) dialog: No, really hit me. She slaps him, hard. Then again. And again, a flurry of h ‘ And, as he knew it would, hitting him RELEASES something her. Suddenly she’s kissing him and kissing him and he’s inside her and she buries her mouth in him to muffle her scream,
36) 0) text: Quiet now. Paul and Connie lying in bed, looking at each other, while Paul slowly wraps Connie up in his Touareg * scarf. * INT. PAUL’S BEDROCM - LATER SéB ™ Connie's asleep now. Paul is drawing on her ribs, just un her breast -- a little doodle. She has no idea, * INT. PAUL'S BEDROOM - LATER 5ec * Paul is up out of bed, getting dressed. Connie’s awake, * watching him pulls his pants over his bare ass. She pulls one of his t-shirts ... *
36) 7) dialog: 1 Thank you. | - ; He sticks his cigarette in her mouth so he can turn it ov with both hands. While the snow swirls around, Connie tak a drag from the cigarette. Inhales,.feels it swirling ! around. Exhales, ™Mmmmm.
36) 9) dialog: When did you quit?
36) 11) dialog: You're making me feel like a bad influence. CONNIE . Little late in the day for that, don’t you think? She takes another drag. Drinks it in, luxuriating in it. puts the cigarette in his mouth. He takes a big drag. Blo it out. Kisses her. She comes alive.
37) 0) text: Lunchtime. The restaurant is crowded. Connie and Paul are a booth at the back. A waiter gives them menus. Connie locks around nervously.
37) 4) dialog: {studying the menu) Having lunch.
37) 6) dialog: You shouldn't be having lunch?
37) 8) dialog: Listen. See those guys over there paying the check? She looks toward where he’s indicating. Two BUSINESSMEN a at a table, one facing Connie and one with his back turne
37) 10) dialog: If the guy on the left pays, we leave right now, without ordering. connie looks dubious.
37) 11) dialog: T£ the one on the right pays, we stay. And I kiss you.
37) 18) text: INT. BEDROOM AND CONNIE’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT | 60 Edward is in the bedroom watching a financial report on | television. We pan over and find Connie in her dressing r She takes off her clothes and buries them deep in the ham She smells her arms, her shoulders--smelling Paul all ove her. She puts her hands to her nose and breathes him in..
38) 0) text: She’s in the tub, water running, beads of perspiration on face. The African blues music is playing -- the same song heard at Paul’s. As she languidly sponges herself off, sh comes across the doodle Paul drew on her rib -- it says “mine”. She panics, scrubs at it. It doesn't come off. Sh rubs more soap on the washcloth, then scrubs again. This the ink fades. Thank God. Just as it’s almost completely gone ... : the light goes out. Startled, she looks up. Ancther, softer light: it’s Edward, holding a CLINKING glass of vo on the rocks in one hand and a lit candle in the other.
44) 0) text: No place Martha Stewart would be caught dead. Paul has Connie pressed up against a dirty wall and is kissing her He presses her hand up against the wall, hard. It grazes hand, scratching it.
46) 26) dialog: Me too. And he’s on her again, hungry. She‘s reluctant.
46) 28) dialog: It works everywhere. She withdraws just a little. Looks at him.
46) 30) dialog: If we ended this now, I'd get hurt. 4S. (CONTINUED )
46) 34) dialog: Maybe not. Maybe we get tired of each other at exactiy the same time.
46) 36) dialog: What do you think of?
46) 38) dialog: and the days when you know we'll see each other? He slides her skirt off. She lifts her ass to help him. Touches her in ways that dissolve any resistance she migh have.
53) 15) dialog: What are you wearing? She looks down at her knees.
54) 0) text: Paul sits at his desk, doing paperwork, fully dressed.
54) 1) dialog: I’m in the shower. There’s a beep on the phone. Call waiting.
56) 0) text: Paul’s silhouette, with a bag of popcorn, fills the theat entrance. Connie has an aisle seat. The theater is empty except for man a few rows behind her, fast asleep with his mouth ope Suddenly Paul is next to Connie. He looks at the empty ro seats and indicates the seat next to her.
56) 2) dialog: This seat taken? She looks up. Waits a moment. Then:
56) 4) dialog: That one?
56) 9) dialog: Have you seen this filn? >
56) 11) dialog: Six. What brings you back? i CONNIE I like the little boat ride scene.
56) 14) text: They watch a few moments. Then, slowly, he reaches for he knee. Touches it. i PAUL ‘ I, too, like the boat ride. She doesn’t move. He glides to the seat next to her. They watch the film. Slowly, he slides her skirt above her kne His hand moves up her leg. They both continue to stare at screen. The movie's VOICES continue. She closes her eyes. turms and locks around. No one there except the Sleeping far off to the right. His hand moves beneath her thighs. lifts her leg over the arm of the seat. He sits forward, takes off his jacket, folds it, puts it behind her to cushion her. Then, quite gracefully, he sli to the floor and onto his knees. He kisses her knee. CONNIE . You're missing the best part.
56) 15) dialog: Mmmm. He unzips his pants, lowers them, moves his head between legs. She bites her lip. Then he moves up and over her. H kisses her mouth, her face. He nushes closer. Her eyes wi He is in her now, not moving. She strokes his hair. PAUL (CONT‘D) I love this movie.
56) 17) dialog: (CONTINUED)
64) 0) text: Connie enters, wet from the rain. She looks around. All s sees is rows and rows of old, dusty books. She heads down one aisle, almost stealthily. Turns up another. Finally, she rounds the end of another aisle and sees the the end of it. Paul is showing the woman a book. As Conni watches, Paul wipes a slip of wet hair from the woman's forehead. It’s a small gesture, but it implies a greater intimacy. Connie’s face goes dark. She barrels down the aisle toward them. They look up and her coming -- PAUL x Connie? What are you -- And Connie lunges for him, flails at him. Paul tries to f her off.
65) 3) text: Silhouetted against the bright images, we see him reach i his pocket and pull out the photographs that Wilson had g him and the slip of paper with Paul's address. He stops f moment, Looking at Paul’s address. The rain wets the pape 118 INT. PAUL’S LOFT - HALLWAY - DAY (128
65) 4) text: Connie and Paul are in the elevator, in the middle of an argument. She’s pacing like a caged animal. Connie's wet from the rain. ; ' CONNIE \ i How many are there? Five? Ten? ... The elevator doors open. Paul steps off the elevator. She stays behind. :
65) 6) dialog: Connie, relax. She’s just a friend, for Christ‘s sake. He takes off his shirt and dries himself off.
65) 8) dialog: Me? i'm the liar? She stalls, then starts to fall apart.
65) 10) dialog: Fine. Go back to Scarsdale ... She tries to push the door closed; he forees it open. ya
65) 14) dialog: -- that’ll make you happy --
66) 0) text: Paul is carrying a glass of water out into the hallway wh Connie is. As he passes the window, he glances out. A man doesn’t know (Edward) is looking up at his building. Paul hesitates, then moves toward the door, INP. THE HALLWAY - DAY - SAME 12a Connie sits on the top stair, her coat wrapped around her shoulders. Her clothes, including her SWRATER, are on the corridor floor nearby. From inside his apartment, Paul co out. and brings her the glass of water.
66) 1) dialog: You can drink it, pour it on me, whatever. She takes the water and glugs it down like a child. Paul down on the steps next to her. They sit there, side-by-si saying nothing. EXT. PAUL’S BUILDING - WIDE SHOT - DAY 122 Edward stops gazing at the building. He waiks pensively d the street and disappears around the corner. We linger fo moment on the empty street. The front door of Paul’s building opens, and Connie runs the steps, She heads down the street, toward her car. Jus as she disappears around the corner at one end of the blo Edward comes back around another corner. They almost overlap. Edward looks up at Paul’s apartment again.
67) 0) text: Wearing pants but no shirt, and nothing on his feet, Paul notices Connie's SWEATER on the floor. She’s left it behi He picks it up. Thinks about going after her, but realize it’s too late. He hangs it on a hook.
70) 0) text: CLOSE ON the 3 on Paul’s door. Edward stands in front of for a long time. Then, making up his mind, he knocks. Silence. Finally the door opens to reveal Paul -- dressed tousled and barefoot. The two strangers stare at each oth
70) 1) dialog: Yes? - Edward is taken aback by his youth.
70) 3) dialog: Yes. Edward stares at this handsome youth before him.
70) 5) dialog: Who are you? .
70) 11) dialog: 
70) 15) text: Uh /... okay. : Edward walks past him, into the loft. INT. PAUL‘S APARTMENT - DAY 127 Edward enters, looking around at the unusual space. Takes off his coat.
70) 16) dialog: Um Paul reaches for Edward's coat. Edward gives it to him. P hangs it on a hook by the door. Connie’s sweater is on th hook. Paul hangs the coat over it. Edward walks quietly into the apartment, taking the place He doesn’t say a word. His footsteps sound on the wooden floor. Paul follows uneasily, at a distance. Edward picks up a BOOK, looks at it, puts it down. Paul watches him apprehensively. Finally,
70) 17) dialog: Do you ... want to sit down?
70) 19) dialog: Would you like a drink? It’s early, but...Z think this qualifies.
70) 25) text: So do I. At home. Paul looks at him, then goes. Edward watches him. *
71) 0) text: Paul takes vodka from the freezer and gets two glasses. H glances at a KITCHEN KNIFE on the counter.
72) 0) text: Paul returns and pours the vodka. His hands a bit unstead He holds up the glass to say, “Cheers,” but then thinks better of it and takes a sip. Edward watches hin, Their conversation moves in fits and starts. Everything f tense, off-balance. Anything could happen. When Edward speaks, it’s with a forced casualness.
72) 2) dialog: Um...By accident. On the street. There was a windstorm, She hurt her knee.
72) 4) dialog: She told you about that?
72) 9) dialog: > Um ... fine. I mean -- okay. Edward looks around the place -- the sofa, the chairs ... EDWARD . i This is where you meet? { : PAUL i Yes. { !
72) 11) dialog: I guess. She never complained. Edward looks at him. Paul immediately regrets saying it. Edward looks out the window.
72) 13) dialog: {to his back) . Sometimes, yeah, we go out. ‘ EDWARD . and she likes that? She likes this neighborhood? Paul doesn't like being subtly bullied like this. He responds, a little emboldened.
72) 14) dialog: Yeah. More exciting than the suburbs, if guess. Edward hears the boldness rising in Paul's voice. He turn and looks Paul in the eye.
72) 18) dialog: More?
72) 20) dialog: She told me it was your idea.
72) 22) dialog: (squirming) Not really. Paul fiddles with his drink. Edward walks away from him, helping himself to a look around the place. He paces towa the stack of books that acts as a partition between the b and the rest of the apartment. Paul follows him.
72) 24) dialog: A lot of buying and selling. That’s what I do. As Edward goes around the books, the unmade bed comes int view. Edward sees it and stops, taken by surprise. Paul sees Edward see it. An excruciating moment. Then Edward's eye drifts to the Windy City snow globe sit on the nightstand next to the bed. He deflates. He goes t it, picks it up. It starts to snow. PAUL (CONT‘D) (disparaging) You like that? rad (CONTINUED)
72) 28) dialog: It was a gift.
72) 30) dialog: Oh, I didn’t know it did that. Edward sinks onto the bed, all the stuffing has been knoc out of him. The tune will continue, turning into score an becoming increasingly jarring as the scene goes on.
72) 32) dialog: aan I don’t know, I guess she wanted to buy me something.
72) 35) dialog: What?
72) 37) dialog: © You want some water? rp (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: Paul's closet door opens. Edward rummages through some * shirts, picks one out. Shoves it in his pocket. * INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER 138 * Dressed again, he goes to Paul's desk. Always using the t to wipe away prints, he finds a key ring. Puts on his raincoat. Doesn’t notice Connie’s sweater on the hook underneath. Goes out the door. The door shuts. We hear Edward's footsteps on the stairs. Then only the drip, drip, drip of the faucet. Paul's body lies wrapped up on the floor.
75) 2) text: ran it fa 142 143 144 03/12/01 91. EXT, PAUL‘S BUILDING - DAY - RAIN 140 Still raining. Udward’s car approaches. No parking place. double parks. Puts on his hazard lights. Gets out, He ope his trunk. Inside we see the paraphernalia of a soccer co -balls, orange cones to mark the goals, etc. i
75) 3) text: He looks around. Leaving the trunk open, he goes back to Paul’s front door and enters the building.
76) 1) text: Edward enters and shuts the door. He drags the body pr th rug over to the freight elevator and shoves it in. INT. PAUL’S ELEVATOR - DAY . 142 He shuts the big metal doors, slides the inner gate close and moves the lever. The elevator starts its descent. But halfway down Paul's floor, there’s.a CLANK. And a SHUDDER The elevator stops moving. Edward jimmies the lever back forth. Nothing. The elevator’s stuck. Shit. . Edward looks at the elevator door -- halfway up is the fl to Paul’s loft. He pulls open the gate, yanks himself up onto the ledge of the floor, and bangs on the big metal d to the loft until one opens. Then he gets back down, struggles to force the body in the rug up and out of the elevator again. After a few deep breaths, he climbs out himself.
77) 0) text: Exhausted now, Edward sits down next to the body (part of which still hangs into the elevator), breathing heavily. While he catches his breath, we SEE the elevator slowly s to descend again, Edward doesn’t see it threatening to ca and wedge the end of the rug (and perhaps Paul’s feet) in elevator shaft. Finally, just as the elevator grazes the of the rug, Edward sees it moving. He jumps up, grabs the body and pulls it back out into the loft, just in time to keep it from getting lodged in the elevator. He takes a beat, then shuffles backwards with the body an heads for the door to the hallway.
80) 0) text: Edward wipes down all the surfaces of the elevator. 148 149 150 03/12/01 93. INT. PAUL’S APARTMENT - DAY 148 Does a last check. Goes inte the kitchen, stuffs the towe his bloody shirc into a plastic bag, knets it, then scufts the bag into his raincoat.
80) 2) text: He buttons his coat up to his neck and heads for the door checking, checking. On Paul's desk is a notepad with, amo other notes to himself, “CONNIE: 914-555-0103", but Edwar doesn't see it. The light is blinking on the answering machine. He hits the ERASE button. | Connie’s sweater is etid on the hook, but he doesn’t see as he leaves, shutting | lene door behind him.
85) 3) text: eee Re eee eee ee ee 1s5 03/12/01 95. CONTINUED: i55 dust then the audience LAUGHS, and Connie whips her head around to look at the stage. She joins in the laughter. She takes Edward’s hand. The hand that killed Paul. Absen she begins softiy rubbing the place where his hand is scratched. He steals a tense glance at her, looking for a sign of suspicion or questioning. But her mind is on the stage. He looks down at their hands, et this tender gestu of hers. Edward is still sweating. With his other ‘hand, he pulls his handkerchief and mops his forehead. Connie looks over him. CONNIE {CONT’D) : (whispering) You okay? He nods. They both turn back to the play. ON STAGE: About 25 first-graders in bunny costumes are performing a crudely choreographed number while singing “Dream Loud“ and signing the lyrics in sign-language. On lyrics, *catch a star from the sky,” the children all sho their hands in the air. Charlie and ANOTHER BUNNY step forward from the group (soloists). The hood to Charlie's costume is too big; it' flopped down over his eyes, so he can’t see, and the ears drooping, horizontally. u In their seats, Connie squeezes Edward’s hand. Shoots him nervous-parent look.
101) 4) text: EXT. CAR WASH - DAY 17s Edward watches from a distance as the CAR WASH ATTENDANT vacuums out the trunk. int. EDWARD'S OFFICE - DAY 176 Working at his desk, he glances at the clock. Nearly 1:00 EXT. PAUL’S BUILDING - DAY : 177 Connie approaches. INT. PAUL‘S HALLWAY - DAY 178 She knocks on his door. No answer. She tries again. She d out her key.
104) 0) text: Edward is at his desk, unable to concentrate. Looks at th clock. It‘s 1:12. Lindsay brings in some lunch, puts it o his desk. He stares et it. i INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT -— DAY ibe
108) 0) text: Edward staring out the window. Suddenly he FLASHES ON: The SNOW GLOBE smashing Paul‘s head. Paul staring at him. curtain of blood coming down his face, His staring eyes. BACK to the TRAIN. Edward, his face pale and clammy. re
115) 0) text: The Bulldozer backs away. The wrapped corpse spins off to side. Paul‘s HAND extends from the rug.
122) 0) text: A brisk spring day. Connie walks down toward the POND at bottom of their garden, holding the globe and carrying a manila envelope. She stands for a moment, looking out at still pond. Then she takes something out of the manila envelope, lights a match, and sets it aflame. It's the photograph of Connie and Paul leaving the movie theater. of Paul’s face curling and burning. ‘ She burns the othér photographs and negatives. Watches th turn to ash. Then she takes the snow globe. Looks at it. decisively, throws it far out into the pond. It makes a plopping noise. She hears something behind her She turns. Edward is standing there. They look at each ot both understanding what she has just done. He walks over her. They stare out at the pond.
127) 0) text: We now watch a silent version of her original meeting wit Paul. Connie, packages in hand, challenges the wind on Mercer Street. Looking for a cab. Suddenly we are with her as sh caught up in the wind and pushed along. Twisting, turning fighting to hold on to something. ANGLE FROM THE CAFE - We see Connie brought down the stre by the wind, stumbling into Paul. He gathers her party favors, they speak, he asks her to come up. She’s not sur Trying to decide. The taxi that passes her by. Finally he agreeing to go upstairs with him. Now she is at the top of the steps. And, as in the beginn an EMPTY TAXI approaches. Paul smiles at her. Come on.