23) 3) dialog: Hey, folks. What can I do ya for?
23) 5) dialog: Sorry about that. Gets a little boring around here late nights.
23) 7) dialog: All we've got is that pay phone outside. Mason points through the window to an OLD PHONE BOOTH alo the motel wall.
23) 8) dialog: She works off dimes if you need some. David digs a dollar from his pocket. Mason takes it and trades it for a cluster of dimes from his drawer (CONTINUED)
23) 11) dialog: Trouble is the only garage within ninety miles is Smalls. Little place on Route Six.
23) 13) dialog: And Small's don't have a phone. David stares at Mason a beat, then down to the handful of dimes.
23) 15) dialog: Not if you need a tow truck. David throws a glance to Amy before filling his pocket wi dimes.
23) 16) dialog: But I could run you back there in the morning if you want. Too late to do much right now no-ways. Amy looks at her watch... shrugs.
23) 19) dialog: I can give you two the Honeymoon Suite for twenty-four. Got a few extras that the others don't.
23) 23) dialog: What the hell. I'll give it to ya for the same rate.
23) 25) dialog: 'Fraid we're not set up for plastic. Cash only.
23) 27) dialog: And I need one of your ID's... sort of a deposit on the contents of the room.
23) 29) dialog: I'm sure you won't. But rules is rules. I don't make 'em. I'm just the manager. It's too late for this shit. David pulls out his driver's license... trades it to Mason for the key.
23) 30) dialog: It's the last one on the end there... number eight. Might have to jiggle the handle a bit to open her up. She's as sticky as an old whore. (to Amy) Excuse my language. Amy just turns and starts moving for the door.
23) 31) dialog: Have a good night. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: David smacks the bell between the Jack-a-lope's feet over over. Mason leans out of the back room.
31) 1) dialog: Everything all right, Mr. Fox?
31) 3) dialog: Beside you?
31) 5) dialog: That's strange. Mason turns to the RACK OF KEYS hanging behind the counte Key Number Seven is still there.
31) 6) dialog: You're the only guests we got tonight.
31) 8) dialog: You're sure it was number seven? (CONTINUED)
31) 12) dialog: Okay, I got ya. Every once a blue moon some drifter or college kids'1l crawl through a window for a night's sleep. Cleanin' lady'll find some trash layin' around... shit in the toilet. Don't usually cause no disturbance though.
31) 14) dialog: I'll check her out for ya. David notices a PISTOL tucked on a shelf behind the count
31) 16) dialog: I'm ass-tired of just shootin' at crows.
31) 18) dialog: Thanks, Mr. Fox. David walks out. Mason does a few more twirls with the gu
63) 3) dialog: Hey! The truck driver turns... sees Mason trotting toward him, holding out a VIDEO TAPE.
63) 4) dialog: Here ya go.
64) 0) text: David and Amy watch as the driver starts to Mason, and Ki One and Killer Two continue right past him... right towar David and Amy. The driver takes the tape from Mason... shoves Mason a WA CASH in return. Then the driver turns... looks right at David and Amy... SMILES. David and Amy stare back at him in shock... watch as Kill One and Killer Two continue approaching. Amy begins to cry... she knows it's over. David snaps the curtains closed, blocking the killers' view inside.
69) 0) text: David rises up from the hole, pulling Amy up behind him. They see the LARGE PICTURE WINDOW overlooking the parking lot, and duck down out of sight They glance around the room... a wall of monitors, all displaying different angles of the Honeymoon Suite and mo grounds. Video cameras and equipment are piled all over t place. There are shelves of VHS TAPES lining the walls, each one hand-labeled... "Steve and Sharon S.", "Glen and Flo D.", "Brian and Alex P.". This is Mason's private collection. Another shelf is stacked full of dusty watches, jewelry, dolls, truck stop souvenirs, a collection of REARVIEW MIR
70) 0) text: Mason hurries across the room with Killer One right behin him.
70) 1) dialog: They didn't just disappear. Mason strides into the back room. And we enter with him.. expecting to see David and Amy sitting there waiting... ...but they're gone.
71) 0) text: Mason moves to the wall of monitors... looks over all the angles.
71) 1) dialog: They're out there somewhere. And then a MUFFLED VOICE...
71) 4) dialog: Get down there after ‘em. (CONTINUED)
71) 7) dialog: They're under us.
76) 0) text: Mason and the cop stand at the patrol car. cop There was a 911 call traced to this number.
76) 1) dialog: Are you sure? It’s just me here tonight. The cop scans the area. CoP And you run the place? (off Mason’s nod) Then I won’t disturb anybody if I take a look around. The cop starts toward the motel rooms. Mason lags a step behind, throwing quick glances around the lot.
76) 2) dialog: We don’t even have phones in these rooms. (CONTINUED)
76) 5) dialog: Shit, I forgot, this one works ona different key than the rest. Lemme run back to the office and grab it. Mason starts away. CoP Can I have that? (motions to the key) For the other rooms. Mason hesitates, then nods... tosses the key to the cop. Mason watches him move down to room 7... open the door. Mason spins toward the office.
77) 0) text: David and Amy watch Mason trot into the office... watch t cop disappear into Room #7.
87) 0) text: David and Amy scramble out... see the cop’s legs lying in front of the patrol car... Killer One moving around the c toward them. They spin... see Mason standing at the center of the park lot, twirling his gun.
87) 1) dialog: You just had to drag him into this didn’t you. You might as well have stuck that knife in him yourselves. Now here comes Killer Two walking out of the tool shed. David and Amy search for a place to run... all they have Mason and the killers closing in from all sides. So they take off back to the only place they have left... Honeymoon Suite.
106) 2) text: ...on a smiling Mason standing over David, holding a VIDE CAMERA to his eye.
106) 8) dialog: Let's get her out here and do this. Mason walks into the room.
107) 0) text: Mason and the Killers scan the room... see the CLOTH FLAP IN THE WINDOW.
107) 1) dialog: Find her. Killer One and Killer Two rush out of the room.
108) 0) text: Amy sees Mason standing just below her. She's trembling s much that she can barely support herself. Finally, Mason walks out. Amy eases back over the joists. leans against the wall, pulling her knees up tightly to h chest. Tears pour down her face... she's all alone.
115) 1) dialog: 
117) 0) text: Mason runs into the room... sees the bodies of Killer One Killer Two. Tears fill his eyes.
117) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus. No. He bends down over Killer Two.
117) 2) dialog: What did she do?
118) 0) text: Amy races inside, locking the door behind her... peers ou hrough the window for some sign of Mason. He isn't out here. tet She hurries behind the counter... frantically searches th shelves for a gun... a weapon... keys... anything. ANGLE ON THE SECURITY MONITORS... ...Amy's onscreen, searching the office... finding nothin he runs into the back room. n
119) 0) text: The television screen is filled with STATIC. Amy hurries through the mess... sinks to her knees beneath the large window... scans the area for Mason. He isn't there. he turns... shoves a dresser over onto the trap door, locking it. She grabs the phone... starts to dial, then tops... taps the buttons... follows the cord along the loor... to the SHREDDED END OF THE CORD. he grabs it... tries to shove it back into the wall jack s she fights with it, we pan up to the VIDEO MONITORS... he image of Mason WALKING OUT OF THE MOTEL ROOM.
120) 0) text: Amy moves toward the door. Her eyes dance around, just waiting for Mason to spring upon her. But Mason doesn't show... and Amy's getting closer to the door, until she sprints the final steps... slams the door shut, bolting it. She spins... hurries back around the counter... through t doorway.
121) 0) text: Amy rushes back into the room... moves to the window to l outside. And that's when the RUSTY TRASH CAN COMES FLYING THROUGH WINDOW, shattering the glass and knocking Amy back to the floor. The tripod flies from her hand... slides away. Mason leaps through the broken window. Amy reaches for th tripod, but Mason kicks her, sending her sprawling. Amy crawls for the door, but Mason kicks it closed and gr Amy by the hair... snaps her head back so she can get a g look at him.
121) 1) dialog: You shoulda let my brothers kill you last night. (CONTINUED)
121) 5) text: ...on Mason grabbing a VIDEO CAMERA from the table... plugging in some electrical equipment.
121) 6) dialog: ‘Cause we're gonna need at least two batteries to get everything I'm gonna do to you. Mason raises the video camera to his eye... the light on front FLASHES RED.
121) 8) text: ...on Amy staring half-conscious back at us. She can't sa anything. The barrel of Mason's gun rises to the edge of the frame. aims right at Amy.
121) 9) dialog: Now tell me your name. A beat, as Amy gathers her thoughts, then...
121) 11) dialog: Hello, Amy. You've done a lotta bad things here tonight, haven't you? Amy doesn't answer. We see Mason's thumb COCK THE HAMMER THE GUN... CLICK.
121) 12) dialog: Haven't you, Amy? Amy finally nods. (CONTINUED)
121) 15) dialog: Yes you have. But now you're gonna try and make up for all that aren't you? Amy nods again.
121) 16) dialog: Trouble is, Amy, your clothes are all bloody. Don't you wanna look nice for everyone? Amy doesn't answer.
121) 17) dialog: Take off your shirt, Amy. Amy shakes her head.
121) 19) dialog: That's the last time you say no to me. Amy's still so dazed... finally reaches for her buttons.. just nudges them... can't make her fingers work.
121) 20) dialog: You can do it. But Amy can't. She's trying, but her fingers just won't cooperate.
121) 21) dialog: Shit. Our POV drops to the floor, as Mason lowers the camera.
121) 23) dialog: Now don't you pass out on me. I want you to know every little thing I'm doin' to you. (CONTINUED)
122) 0) text: Amy runs through the doorway... starts around the counter but that's as far as she gets before Mason springs from t back room, tackling Amy against the counter. Mason grabs Amy by the hair... slams her head onto the counter over and over, RINGING THE BELL AT THE JACK-A-LOP FEET AGAIN AND AGAIN. He turns her around to press his gun against her head. As Amy spins, her hand finds the Jack-A-Lope... she swings i DRIVING THE ANTLERS INTO MASON'S SHOULDER. Mason GASPS... loses his grip on the gun... it tumbles across the counte the floor. Amy crawls over the counter... hits the floor and scrambl for the gun. Mason pulls the Jack-A-Lope out of his shoulder... charge around the counter and tackles Amy as she reaches the gun it slides across the floor They wrestle on the floor, trading blows... using lamps chairs, books... anything they can get their hands on... gaining, then losing control... almost getting their hand the gun before the other knocks them away. ANGLE ON THE VIDEO MONITORS... ...displaying various angles of this bloody, welterweight fight to the death.
124) 0) text: Amy charges inside... runs to Mason's body and crouches o it. She pulls at him... tries to get to his pockets... an we're waiting for Mason to spring to life... to grab her that hand of his that's flopped beside them. She runs her hands over his clothes... to his pants... hi pockets... digging inside, then pulling out his TRUCK KEY And Mason never flinches.