0) 8) text: The work begins in "the raw" where the cotton bales are brought in and men with surgical masks covering their nos and mouths rip apart the bales of cotton, feeding them in 1 the mouths of hoppers that shred the cotton fibers and So them apart. Cotton dust and lint fill the air like snow, coating everyone from head to toe.
0) 9) text: Carders are next on the line, then spinners and doffers. Almost all the work can be seen in this vast room, the si of an enormous pasture, without interior walls. The rolls of terry cloth slowly unwind behind the backs of the side henmers » passing yard by yard through the women's sewing machines.
1) 0) text: DR. WATSON is confronted by an agitated, flaring Norma, while Leona sits with her hands calmly folded in her lap.
2) 0) text: Norma is at the sink, washing the dishes, her father Vern towel in hand, dries. Norma, as she works, watches her mother through the open window. She finally calls out to her.
3) 0) text: The place has never seen better days. It was always none too clean, familiar with the hot-pillow trade and other transients. The rooms have a view of a blacktop parking area and a scummy swimming pool. Norma sits in the small lobby, flipping through the pages of a magazine, ignored by ALSTON PURVIS, the desk clerk. She looks up with some surprise as Reuben enters, by now footsore and weary. He recognizes her.
4) 35) text: She gets up and begins to wander around. He has already established himself; books are stacked and piled everywhe papers litter the desk, clothes are dumped on the bed and hang from the backs of chairs.
4) 62) text: 17 IN FRONT OF THE MOTEL | a1 Vernon sits parked at the wheel of his battered blue Dodge. As Norma comes out into the night, he waves his hand and calls to her.
5) 25) text: be surveyed. TOMMY GARDNER waits for Norma behind a d He has the hard look of a hard-living man, used to dealin with hunting dogs and menials. Norma enters and goes on the attack.
5) 37) text: Finally, she stands behind her father. Vernon works at th bobbins, doing the job he has done ali his life. He pause only an instant to rub the back of his neck, hurries to recover the tempo. He grins at his daughter over his shoulder, Norma is troubled and unhappy.
6) 0) text: A game is in progress on the pokey little baseball diamon with weak night lights and a splintered, faded green two-tiered set of bleachers. Bugs wheel endlessly around the lights, tree FROGS CROAK, there is nothing so grand a uniforms -- the two teams play in their work clothes. The scoreboard, broken and sagging, reads: MILLAGEVILLE 15,
6) 14) text: ELLIS HARPER comes up to the wagon. He is tall, good- looking, fine-boned, educated. When he sees Norma, he stops; there is a sense of constraint between them.
6) 27) text: Drinks in hand, they wander around the perimeter of the b field. Cars are parked facing the game, spectators sitvin in them, drinking beer; kids sit or lie atop sedans, watc the action. Young kids on bikes stand, one foot on the pedal, one on the ground. A few young couples sit in the grass, infants crawling not too far from them. Cont. 25 39 Con: As usual, Norma says what she is thinking, without preanb QO out loud, directly.
6) 31) text: My first affair, as I recollect it, was with my Hungarian piano teacher. I was playing Smetana and she put her head in my lap. I played the hell out of it. We ended up in the ' bedroom under a Russian icon, and C her husband came home and found us and burst into tears. I went and put my arms around him and said ‘I'm sorry, I'm sorry,' and then we all went into the kitchen and had 4 glass of tea. She looks at him oddly.
6) 41) dialog: 4 wildered; he darts to a third
6) 44) text: ‘ over here? I'm over here now! he She pelts after him at a dead run, finally grabbing him by the arm, stopping him.
7) 0) text: 43 Vernon has the children on his’ lap, watching the TELEVIS screen. Leona is across from him in a splint chair, a pho album in her lap. From a cardboard box she selects snapshots and slides them into place. The DOORBELL RINGS, 558 cont. oO 43 Cont. 27
8) 0) text: Men lined at the bar still grimy from the job, getting th taste of work out of their mouths; drink ends almost ever day and it is not boisterous -- it is serious and dogged, an anodyne. At the back, Norma and Sonny sit in a wooden booth, marke with cigarette burns. Soft drinks, a bucket of ice, and a pottle of bourbon in a brown paper bag stand on the scarr linoleum-topped table; they have made considerable inroad in the liquor. A Dolly Parton RECORD IS PLAYING on the JUKEBOX.
8) 34) text: i When Ido, I just wash it down a) with beer... He drinks. A boozy melancholy enfolds them, heightened by a@ ballad sung by Johnny Cash on the JUKEBOX. It plunges Norma into deeper gloom.
8) 38) text: 33 50 Cont.1 NORMA (Cont.) I really wanted to see him, but Daddy wouldn't let me go in... (shrugs) And that was the end of Buddy, as far as that goes... Each, in his own way, sits quietly considering mortality.
8) 59) text: 558 35 54 Cont. Norma falls behind her father and mother to take one from She reads it.
8) 71) text: 36 57 Cont. NORMA (Cont.) (grabs him by the shirt) Billy! Billy! I'm talking to you. Billy turns to her, flinging her hand off his shirt, and out one word.
10) 0) text: Sonny's car is at the curb in front of another house, Nor and her children waiting impatiently. After a moment, Sonny emerges, a small girl's hand in his He introduces her.
11) 0) text: The kids play along the bank, clambering over a tree that spans the water. Norma and Sonny sit on a blanket, remnan of their picnic before them, hugging their knees, at ease with each other.
12) 0) text: as Norma and Bonnie walk up the rickety wooden steps and
13) 0) text: There are plain wooden walls, plain wooden pews, and a to black assembly. As the only white people, they are at fir a little tentative, as if they were intruding, and they h in the entrance. A large, impressive man, JAMES BROWN, wa them on in with his straw hat. They walk all the way down the front and sit in front of the altar, with its cross, brightly colored picture of Jesus, a jelly glass filled w wild flowers. The people wait in silence, patiently.
13) 12) text: | oN It's either them or General Motors.
13) 13) text: | al INT. CHURCH 71 As Reuben steps up to the altar to deliver his speech, he glances at Norma and Bonnie just beneath him. If he is surprised, he makes no sign.
13) 16) text: 4e 72 Cont. REUBEN (Cont.) “) your health, a decent wage, a fit place to work. I would urge you to stop them by coming down to room 207 at the Golden Cherry Motel, \ to pick up a union card and sign \ it. ! (pauses again) ! It comes from the Bible -- according to the tribes of your fathers, ye shall inherit. It comes from Reuben Warshovsky -- ' not unless you make it happen. i é He stops talking. The people have listened.
13) 31) text: They all turn to the little table on which his WIFE has prepared six tumblers and a bottle of red wine. Sonny raises his glass in a toast.
14) 6) text: as Norma. leans to her husband. They go into each other's for a long embrace. The RACKET RESUMES, more emphatic than before, severing t intimacy. The CAR HORN is a raucous, jarring howl, contin for a long, long moment directly under their window. Norm sits back tensely, alerted. Again, the assault begins to DIMINISH, as the car cruises slowly away. It becomes a WA in the distance and again DISAPPEARS.
14) 10) text: 45 80 Cont. They begin to make love. The HORN STARTS AGAIN. The maniacal shivaree fills the night; it is a relentless intrusion, a relentless invasio Norma suddenly flings back the covers, snatches up a robe flings it around her and runs out.
16) 63) text: The contingent turns and marches across the length of the weaving room, over the bucking floor, through the snowsto lint, past workers who are alerted to his presence there, turn over their shoulders to watch him, who exchange a fu word. Reuben takes it all in; more than that, he draws attention to himself:
16) 71) text: James Brown and TWO OTHER BLACK MILL HANDS walk out betwe the row of boxes. They stop and look. Mason looks at the black men, then at his assistants.
18) 0) text: Millie is doubled over in gleeful laughter as Craig runs place to place in the yard, striking large kitchen matche igniting the weeds. Already a patch or two are burning ve nicely. Sonny runs up to Craig, scoops him up and gives him a hea whack across the buttocks. The child wails in outrage. So raises his hand again -- and then holds it.
18) 42) text: 61 110 Cont. His small boy TYLER rocks on a swing on the porch behind him, Norma comes up to the man,
18) 56) text: 558 “NORMA The kids are jumping on it all the time. (brings a chair) Sit here.
19) 0) text: Later. Norma and Reuben are alone, She has brewed a pot of coffee. He is.hunched over his cup, dissatisfied.
19) 81) text: as Sonny stands looking at her, half-admiring, certainly defeated.
19) 158) text: A stressful moment follows, in which Reuben looks around thoughtfully at his three helpers, ‘Now he has to face th possibility that he has been infiltrated. Outside there is a SQUEAL of BRAKES, a car skidding to a 0 558 79
19) 166) text: Reuben and the others have stepped into the open doorway watch him. Hysterical, the man charges up at him, scrabbl through a box of cartridges, grabs a bullet and rams it i Reuben's belly.
19) 203) text: as Reuben walks in. If he is surprised to see the men, he doesn't show it. They shake hands all around.
19) 228) text: Norma and Reuben are alone in the room. She is grateful f his defense but aware of the gravity of the situation. Neither speaks a moment.
20) 7) text: 87 167 Cont. LEONA (Cont.) (looks at her daughter) Child, if there's something you want, don't wait all the way down the line to get it.
21) 7) text: Reuben unwinds himself from his crowded desk, rises slowl and walks over, Norma finds herself face to face with him
21) 27) text: Jimmy Davis is tacking up a notice on the bulletin board the weaving room. Very large black letters command the reader: ALL EMPLOYEES ATTENTION
22) 0) text: Sipping from a paper cup on her coffee break, Norma saunt toward the bulletin board and past it. She turns with elaborate nonchalance, comes back and stops in front of i She reads quickly, then shuts her eyes tight, her mouth moving. She hits her head with the palm of her hand, as i to drive the information home. Then she hurries to the ladies room.
22) 6) text: Bonnie has in the meantime gotten pencil and paper ready, licked the point of the pencil, but has drawn a total bla
22) 77) text: There is a SOUND of a DOOR SLAMMING, a GREAT METALLIC CLA Now a CITY POLICEMAN is warily approaching her. She waits until he is close and then she shouts, so that the man is halted in his tracks.
22) 80) text: At bay, surrounded, alone, the pressure intense, she suddenly reaches around behind her and fumbles for a shee of stiff cardboard. She grabs lipstick, and with one eye on the Policeman, she strikes off some heavy block letter on the cardboard. Then with one thrust, she hoists hersel up on top of a radiator and stands on it.
22) 87) text: The mill hands follow suit; one by one they join. Norma looks down to see the Pinkerton, the Policeman, and a forelady, AGNES ROY. The woman calls up to her:
22) 93) dialog: 558
27) 0) text: In the darkened room, Norma goes to a shelf in the closet and hauls down a metal box. Then she goes from cot to cot and gently wakes the three children, all asleep in the same room.
27) 7) text: 106 209 Cont.1 The children turn and go out of the room, holding their pictures and their papers carefully, as if they were thin of value.
28) 7) text: j is something on his mind, hard to bring forth, hard to | articulate, He finally does so, slowly.
29) 0) text: The place is jammed, men sweating in the close confines o the room. There are a dozen men with tags across their shirt fronts. A dozen newspaper and television reporters observe and record, flashbulbs going off now and then. 558 108 ‘AT THE LONG TABLE 215 The men here are divided into two groups, half of them BOSSMEN from the company, the other half UNION MEN. Huge stacks of paper ballots are being tabulated from the "NO" and "YES" piles. The tension is palpable, each piece of paper a victory or a@loss. Management is frozen-faced and silent. There are no smiles, no talk. Men-stand up on chairs to crane and watch the.count.
29) 1) text: James Brown hoists Bonnie up on his chair, shares it with her so that she too can see. They share hope as the ballots are shuffled, as the two piles diminish, as the silent marks are made, for and against.
29) 5) text: There is a stir, a final shuffling of feet, then absolute silence as a labor board AGENT raises his hand at the tab Cont.
29) 51) text: Norma, what I've had from you has been sumptuous. 112 226 Cont.1 He holds out his hand, she holds out hers, they shake. It is ho mere ritual of farewell; the touch held and held and held. But it must end. They are comrades-in-arms, is held and they are battle-weary, they are triumphant. Whatever else they might be remains unspoken.
29) 52) text: @s Reuben gets into his car and drives away. there. She is all there.