0) 15) dialog: You just eating an apple for lunch?
0) 17) dialog: Well, I gotta keep my strength up. (eats heartily, biting into a thick sandwich) I put this jelly up myself. on Sunday, Roscoe and I put up over sixty quarts of peaches. What'd you do over the weekend, Norma?
0) 19) dialog: Saw you downtown. Your friend drives a big car.
0) 21) dialog: It's none of my business... Norma turns to look at her mother beside her. The woman's eyes are closed, her head rests back against the tile. Cont.
6) 4) dialog: Bring me a hot dog, lotsa relish. Norma climbs over some people and goes down the steps.
8) 82) text: as Norma comes to take a spot beside her friend Bonnie Mae Buffum on the shuddering floor. The inexorable work goes on, without end, without pause.
11) 20) dialog: Roscoe says I shouldn't go -- but I'm going. Na! NORMA 18 I'm not asking anybody.
12) 0) text: as Norma and Bonnie walk up the rickety wooden steps and
13) 13) text: | al INT. CHURCH 71 As Reuben steps up to the altar to deliver his speech, he glances at Norma and Bonnie just beneath him. If he is surprised, he makes no sign.
13) 18) dialog: Roscoe should've come. He should've heard you.
13) 29) text: Belonging to the Justice of the Peace, stuffed with batte mohair furniture and family pictures. The wedding in prog is not overly festive: Norma holds a rather bedraggled little bouquet, but she is still a bird of plumage in her bright print dress. Once her mind is made up, she sweeps everything before her. The others, Sonny beside her, Bonnie Mae and Roscoe as witnesses, are slightly uncomfor in unaccustomed finery.
22) 1) text: as Bonnie ambles by the bulletin board, pauses, looks at intently for a long moment, then hurries after Norma,
22) 6) text: Bonnie has in the meantime gotten pencil and paper ready, licked the point of the pencil, but has drawn a total bla
22) 7) dialog: (wailing) Norma, I can't remember the first word. My God, I forgot it. from out there to in here.
22) 9) dialog: Did you get some?
22) 11) dialog: Hey, Norma. Do you suppose they got x a@ microphone in here. Norma is overcome with the same giddy mood.
22) 16) dialog: Yoo-hoo, Yoo-hoo. Norma goes to the trash can and bends over to it.
22) 81) text: Everyone on the floor is watching her, Bonnie close to te Leona shaken and tense, James Brown, George Hubbard, Ray Buck, frustrated, immobilized, awaiting the outcome.
29) 1) text: James Brown hoists Bonnie up on his chair, shares it with her so that she too can see. They share hope as the ballots are shuffled, as the two piles diminish, as the silent marks are made, for and against.