13) 0) text: There are plain wooden walls, plain wooden pews, and a to black assembly. As the only white people, they are at fir a little tentative, as if they were intruding, and they h in the entrance. A large, impressive man, JAMES BROWN, wa them on in with his straw hat. They walk all the way down the front and sit in front of the altar, with its cross, brightly colored picture of Jesus, a jelly glass filled w wild flowers. The people wait in silence, patiently.
13) 6) dialog: Looks like they're startin’ in 58 on you. Cont.
13) 25) text: He turns away from her-and shakes hands with James Brown.
13) 27) dialog: I'll show up. Norma stands to the side, a little baffled, frustrated, | uncertain.
16) 71) text: James Brown and TWO OTHER BLACK MILL HANDS walk out betwe the row of boxes. They stop and look. Mason looks at the black men, then at his assistants.
18) 55) dialog: I look at a brick wall all day. Used to be a window there but they come and bricked it up to give us the feeling we're shut in. We control your soul, brother and sister, for all this period -- and beware! That's what they're saying with that wall. A COUCH SPRING TWANGS and a coil of wire pokes up, causin Louise Pickens to jump to her feet. Norma is apologetic. Cont.
19) 136) dialog: Maybe they was too tired to come, Everybody's pretty beat out, working so hard.
19) 139) dialog: They got away from us, we gotta get 'em back, Walk in a bunch. Show 'em we're solid. (gently) Come on, Reuben, But Reuben sits with his head in his hands. Norma needles him,
19) 149) dialog: I got Lindsay Perkins here. He died last year.
19) 154) dialog: Josh Little, Jr. There ain't no Josh ‘ittle, Jr. in that 5 factory... Reuben begins flipping cards, barking out names.
19) 156) dialog: No, sir. Those fellows don't work at our plant.
19) 161) text: Here's some more bodies for you. Reuben flips one over to James, who glances at it briefly
19) 162) dialog: Bodies is right, This one's been in the boneyard for ten years.
22) 81) text: Everyone on the floor is watching her, Bonnie close to te Leona shaken and tense, James Brown, George Hubbard, Ray Buck, frustrated, immobilized, awaiting the outcome.
29) 1) text: James Brown hoists Bonnie up on his chair, shares it with her so that she too can see. They share hope as the ballots are shuffled, as the two piles diminish, as the silent marks are made, for and against.