6) 37) text: Norma, with clipboard and st stops to time SONNY WEBSTER, unfathomable young man; the ~ is just beneath it. As she does an extraordinary thing runs to another, starts it, taunting her:
6) 39) dialog: Come on, lady! I'm over here now!
6) 42) dialog: I'm right over here now! I got the jump on you now! He weaves in and out among the looms, calling, mocking he with a crazy challenge.
6) 43) dialog: I'm behind you now. Yoo-hoo, lady! Why don't you clock me r
6) 46) dialog: What do I care? All I got to do is work! He pulls free and rushes to yet another loom and gets i» going. Norma stops, throwing up her hands.
7) 2) dialog: I won't trouble you. I just came to apologize. I know I could've lost you your job today.
7) 4) dialog: I know. I got handed divorce papers this morning. I guess I went off my head.
7) 6) dialog: Would you come and have a drink with me, to make up for the ruckus and all the bother I put you to? She hesitates a moment, considering it.
7) 7) dialog: I'm Sonny Webster. You used to come in my momma's bakery.
7) 9) dialog: I never did too good in math.
7) 11) dialog: How about that drink?
8) 0) text: Men lined at the bar still grimy from the job, getting th taste of work out of their mouths; drink ends almost ever day and it is not boisterous -- it is serious and dogged, an anodyne. At the back, Norma and Sonny sit in a wooden booth, marke with cigarette burns. Soft drinks, a bucket of ice, and a pottle of bourbon in a brown paper bag stand on the scarr linoleum-topped table; they have made considerable inroad in the liquor. A Dolly Parton RECORD IS PLAYING on the JUKEBOX.
8) 2) dialog: I liked Elvis, myself...
8) 4) dialog: It don't necessarily make them happy.
8) 6) dialog: A man and a woman is about your best chance.
8) 8) dialog: Yeah, I was gonna burn 'em both \ down..-her and her boyfriend... put I couldn't... (pauses ) She was a good person when we went together in school and all. She was a real nice person... put the change that come about in her...it still really amazes me...
8) 14) dialog: (thwarted) Do we need anybody else?
8) 22) dialog: Can I pour you out one? He brandishes the paper bag.
8) 26) dialog: You'll feel better'n I will tomorrow morning. Cont. 558 32 50 Cont.
8) 28) dialog: Ain't ever been one.
8) 30) dialog: There better be more'n one of you. ‘Cause there's more'n one of them.
8) 32) dialog: These big companies get everything they want. Everything goes to the rich man.
8) 36) dialog: I knew Buddy Wilson in high school. We had wood shop together.
8) 41) dialog: No, I'll drive.
8) 43) dialog: So're you.
8) 45) text: Reuben is at the wheel, Norma in the middle, Sonny on the
8) 47) dialog: He sure watches you close.
8) 52) dialog: (apologetically, helpless) I can't help, Norma, or I'd give it up, too.
9) 0) text: Sonny drives up in his old Ford and gives one discreet be on his horn. Norma emerges on the front steps; holding ea hand are Millie and Craig. She marches them down to the c
9) 2) dialog: (it's a bit more than he bargained for) All of you?
9) 11) dialog: We are. I gotta make a stop first.
10) 0) text: Sonny's car is at the curb in front of another house, Nor and her children waiting impatiently. After a moment, Sonny emerges, a small girl's hand in his He introduces her.
10) 1) dialog: This is Alice. She's mine.
11) 0) text: The kids play along the bank, clambering over a tree that spans the water. Norma and Sonny sit on a blanket, remnan of their picnic before them, hugging their knees, at ease with each other.
11) 1) dialog: You're real easy with your kids.
11) 3) dialog: Youtre a pretty woman.
11) 5) dialog: You look fine to me.
11) 7) dialog: Well. I'll take you where it's dark.
11) 9) text: eesve res 39 63 Cont. Sonny is silent a moment.
11) 10) dialog: I don't owe a nickel in this town. I'll eat anything that's put down in front of me. I can fix anything electrical. I'm all right after I've had my first cup of coffee -- I want that bad, though. I got mea new job at the gas station. I'd turn over my paycheck the minute I got it -- that's Friday noon. And I come straight home from work and stay there. ’ (finally turns to look at her) I got me Alice and I'm alone. You got two kids and you're alone. If you could help me maybe I could help you.
13) 29) text: Belonging to the Justice of the Peace, stuffed with batte mohair furniture and family pictures. The wedding in prog is not overly festive: Norma holds a rather bedraggled little bouquet, but she is still a bird of plumage in her bright print dress. Once her mind is made up, she sweeps everything before her. The others, Sonny beside her, Bonnie Mae and Roscoe as witnesses, are slightly uncomfor in unaccustomed finery.
13) 31) text: They all turn to the little table on which his WIFE has prepared six tumblers and a bottle of red wine. Sonny raises his glass in a toast.
13) 32) dialog: To my wife, Norma -- and I sure hope I can keep up with her. Roscoe laughs loudly and claps him on the back.
14) 0) text: Sonny sits on the edge of the bed in his pajama bottoms, removing the price tag from the top. He then pulls it ove his head, smooths back his hair, sits waiting. Norma emer from the bathroom in a nightgown.
14) 2) dialog: Needs a washer. , (then) That sure is a pretty nightgown.
14) 5) dialog: Well, I got another chance to be. They are interrupted by a hideous SOUND, the LOUD BLASTIN a CAR HORN. It is no mere tapping of a horn; it is a continuous, insistent, nerve-scraping blare, beginning ve close, as though the car were right under their window, t gradually receding as the car drives away; finally ceasin altogether.
14) 7) text: Sonny draws her fiercely into his arms, pulls her down on the bed, throws the covers over then. Cont.
16) 0) text: Norma returns to Sonny, throwing the robe aside. She is defiant, angry, agitated. She snaps off the light, gets b into bed. But they lie still, tense, waiting for the inexorable return. The moments pass. The night is peacefu Slowly Norma relaxes.
16) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, honey, I can't do nothing. Norma turns out the light again. In the dark, her VOICE i HEARD, determined.
16) 108) text: As she is on the floor, trying to retrieve the spilled groceries, Sonny comes hastily to kneel beside her; over shoulder, in the living room, she sees a strange woman.
16) 110) dialog: (in a whisper) Just listen. If you didn't make the bed this morning, go do itl He pushes the bag back in her arms and returns to the liv room. Norma starts for the kitchen, can't contain herself follows him into the living room.
17) 5) dialog: This is Missus Johnson.
17) 11) dialog: I was gonna surprise you.
17) 14) dialog: Yes, that's Alice.
17) 16) dialog: No, ma'am, I don't. They'd be treated the same in everything.
17) 18) dialog: No, I wouldn't. Cont. Cont. other
17) 24) dialog: If I'm gonna pay for the boy's education, and feed him and buy him his clothes, I'm gonna have @ say-so in what he does. I want better for my kids than what a. He suddenly raises his head and sniffs the air. Then he l up and out of his chair and bolts from the room.
18) 0) text: Millie is doubled over in gleeful laughter as Craig runs place to place in the yard, striking large kitchen matche igniting the weeds. Already a patch or two are burning ve nicely. Sonny runs up to Craig, scoops him up and gives him a hea whack across the buttocks. The child wails in outrage. So raises his hand again -- and then holds it.
18) 1) text: The two women have come out on the porch. Sonny shouts ac the yard at Mrs. Johnson.
18) 2) dialog: You might as well see it, ‘cause it's gonna happen when he deserves it! And he's got it coming, right this minutet He gives the boy another whack, drops him, runs for the g hose and begins to spray the flames:
18) 44) dialog: You're going too far now, Norma. This here is where we live.
18) 46) dialog: Bunch of black men in there... you're gonna get us in a lot of trouble. :
19) 61) text: as Sonny speaks shortly.
19) 62) dialog: You ain't getting any sleep and I ain't getting any sleep and we both gotta go ‘to work in the morning.
19) 64) dialog: That gonna go on our phone pill?
19) 68) dialog: This milk's sour.
19) 70) dialog: (goading) . You didn't get to the market and you didn't get to the washing and you didn't get to the kids and you didn't get to me.
19) 72) dialog: (raging on) We're eating them frozen TV dinners, the kids are going around in dirty jeans, and I'm going without altogether!
19) 78) text: She opens a bin stuffed to the brim with dirty clothes. She hauls out a huge armload, dumps it in the sink, runs the tap water, pours liquid soap over it. She faces Sonny. once more,
19) 81) text: as Sonny stands looking at her, half-admiring, certainly defeated.
19) 82) dialog: Norma, Norma...
26) 0) text: Sonny gets up hurriedly as he hears them coming, concern on his face. Norma enters with Reuben behind her. Husband and wife are face to face.
26) 1) dialog: You all right, Norma? She nods.
26) 2) dialog: I put the kids to bed. She nods again, then goes past him into the other room.
27) 10) dialog: She had one call and she called you.
27) 12) dialog: You come in here, you mix her up, you turn her head all around. She's all changed. I didn't want her to be a front-runner -- I didn't want that. What's gonna happen to us now?
28) 0) text: Norma is in bed, her hands behind her head, awake, silent turned inward. Sonny enters from the bathroom, ready for bed. His shoes are in his way; he bends to pick them up and move them.
28) 1) dialog: Got a broken shoelace...
28) 5) dialog: Busted those last week. al He gets into bed with her. They lie side by side. Ther i
28) 8) dialog: Did you ever sleep with him? No. (pauses) But he's’ in my ‘head.
28) 11) dialog: I'll see you through getting tired, getting sick, getting old. I'11 see you through anything that comes up. 'Cause there's nobody else in my head. Just you. He turns out the light, turns his back to her. ‘She lies ( in the darkened room a moment, then places her hand on Oo back in a gesture of response.