0) 6) text: (calls o.s.) Woody, tell these guys I know what I’m doing.
0) 14) text: (laughs) Good one, Slink. Woody walks away; Slinky continues to look around nervous Woody salutes as he approaches Sarge, who leads the ALIEN they try to march in place. The Aliens SQUEAK out of unis
3) 0) text: Woedy looks up, sees the toys laughing at him in Andy’s w He throws the shade down, crosses his arms, stands there Just then an ominous shadow approaches from behind. Woody limp, falling back into the box. A man’s stubby hand reaches down and grabs Woody. The MA Woody to his face and examines hin. INT. ANDY’S ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS The toys stop laughing. They GASP.
4) 0) text: The man SQUEALS with delight.
4) 31) text: Buzz points to Mr. Spell. His screen still reads "Al's T Barn."
6) 0) text: Andy’s toys despondently trudge along. Buzz drags behind.
6) 6) text: 22 Rex looks up. Between the flow of cars he sees a shopping across the street. In the middle is Al’s Toy Barn.
6) 19) text: (sotto, as he climbs) Hah! "No one’s ever escaped Al‘’s." That was before Al messed with me! Woody hops on top of the book, pushes against the skyligh won’t budge. 24
6) 92) dialog: Gotta get those doors fixed.
6) 126) dialog: So when I heard you were opening a Museum of Fifties Objects...
6) 128) dialog: ++I said, "Finally, an institution worthy of my time and talents!" 39 Al puts his finger on wall switch.
6) 129) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, prepare to have your silk socks knocked off. Al flips the switch. We hear the disco version of ALSO SP ZARATHUSTRA booming over the speaker system. Al flicks an switch. The "Woody’s Roundup" display lights up dramatica More lights flick on, illuminating "Woody’s Roundup" post the walls. When the Smarmy New Yorkers see Woody, they ne swoon.
6) 133) dialog: (self-absorbed) An authentic Woody, with original real-string, non injection molded hat with hand-stitched band! If you use a loupe, you can see how they missed a stitch on the... The New Yorkers blow past Al. When they see Woody, they f their knees.
6) 136) dialog: Wait, there’s more. Feast your ears on this! . Al pulls Woody’s string. WOODY’S VOICE Box There’s a snake in my boots! The New Yorkers CHUCKLE WRYLY.
6) 140) dialog: I... don’t wear boots. They look at Al oddly. CUTAWAY TO: EXT. SIDE OF AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING
6) 148) dialog: One... looks in the price guide. A greasy smile spreads over Al’s face. Quentin examines W
6) 152) dialog: I’1l knock off fifteen percent! Quentin spins around, wearing a satisfied grin.
6) 155) dialog: Hope s0. I never even heard of that toy. Al and the New Yorkers exit to the front room. The Prospe Senorita Cactus start dancing. Woody looks at the word "A written on his boot, and tries to rub it off.
6) 157) text: Buzz’s head peers down from the skylight. EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - ROOF - CONTINUOUS Buzz runs his hands around the perimeter of the skylight.
6) 194) dialog: A toast! To the one who made it all possible... Me! Al tosses back his drink, then picks up Bullseye, The Pro and Senorita Cactus.
6) 195) dialog: {eyeing each toy) Now which one of you shall I pack first? My new Maserati? My condo in the Hamptons? Or my trip to Bora Bora? Al grabs a cocktail napkin and wipes his sweaty bald pate INHALES as Al’s pudgy fingers barely miss hin. Then Al grabs a packing box and packs Bullseye inside. Em voice comes from the living room.
6) 198) dialog: Oh. Of course. I’m normally not big on italian food, but whatevah! Al exits the display room. The collectible toys spring to Woody doesn’t notice that Buzz is still in the room. wooDY What a goof! Guess ol’ Woody finally got the best of ol’ Plastic Slacks. 49 Woody is interrupted by the high-pitched WHIR of a spool unraveling. Woody looks up. WOODY’S POV LOOKING DIRECTLY OVERHEAD Buzz is racing down at him, the retractor string unraveli high speed.
6) 259) dialog: Raw fish indeed! We’ll see how that maitre ‘d reacts when he hears from my lawyer! (sees collectibles, brightens) Ah! Time to go to New York, my little golden nuggets. Al begins packing the collectibles in their boxes. EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING ~ ROOF - CONTINUOUS Buzz and the others watch Al through the skylight.
6) 280) text: 61 Woody’s head is just a few inches above the rushing concr tries to shove his hat into Al’s tailpipe. aAs the car sw Woody swings back and forth, missing the tailpipe a few t The car hits a bump. Buzz drops Woody.
7) 0) text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, close door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood. Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised Andy’s toys are gone. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
8) 0) text: Al finishes futzing under the hood. He shrugs his shoulde SLAMS the hood angrily. 62 Al hurries to his door. As he reaches out to pull the han hear a CLINK of the electronic door lock. Al pulls the ha It’s locked. al tugs frantically on the door. He can’t se what’s inside because of the tinted windows. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Andy’s toys see Al yanking in vain on the door handle. Th CHEER.
9) 0) text: Al approaches the car again. Suddenly the car PEELS OUT. shoots from the tires. Al SQUEALS in horror.
9) 1) dialog: My car! My collection! He throws a tantrun, stamping his feet on the pavement.
9) 2) dialog: No, no, no! INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Total panic as the toys attempt to drive Al’s car. Hamm l the accelerator pedal, Rex stands on the dashboard, fumbl a@ road map. Buzz holds the left side of the steering whe Slinky holds the right. Potato Head is running around the pushing buttons wily nily. The CAR ALARM is going off. Th wipers are on full blast. The left turn signal is flashin Through the windshield, we see the car is swerving back a as it races down the street. .
10) 1) dialog: Car thieves! Car thieves! Al looxs around the station, sees a Pizza Planet truck re Al rushes over to the Pizza Planet truck, jumps in and PE truck out. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The car is swerving through traffic. Horns HONK.
11) 0) text: Al is driving frantically. He looks down, sees a pizza bo grabs a slice,
11) 1) dialog: Common car thieves... People who steal stuff should be strung up and... What, no cokes?! Al zooms up right behind his car. Suddenly the trunk open "Woody's Roundup" board game box flies out. al SCREAMS as box breaks open and game pieces, cards and dice fly @irec his windshield, scattering in every direction with a CRAS
11) 2) dialog: Noooo! Not the limited edition Woody’s Roundup Board Game! Next, a rack with paint tubes flies out of the trunk. It onte Al’s windshield, smearing streaks of paint.
11) 3) dialog: Aagghh! The mint condition "Woody's Roundup" paint set with original box! . Finally a vinyl LP rolls out of the open trunk, flipping wind and SHATTERING on Al’s windshield.
11) 4) dialog: (whimpers) . No! Not "The Four Woodys Sing Cha Chai" INT. AL‘S CAR - TRUNK - CONTINUOUS Woody LAUGHS as he sees the Pizza Planet truck falling fa behind. 66
11) 18) text: Toll booth! All the toys look up. The car is racing towards a toll bo Beyond the toll booth is a large bridge.
12) 0) text: From the TOLL TAKER’S viewpoint we see the car coast up. window rolls down. The toll taker looks in; there are no in the car, just lifeless toys. But the dinosaur is leani the window with a dollar bill between its teeth. The toll grabs the dollar, and the window rolls up. The car drives INT. AL‘S CAR - CONTINUOUS The toys spring back to life as the car pulls out onto a overhead-girder bridge. wooDy (laughing) Pretty good. That gives hin something to tell his grandkids.
13) 0) text: Al is racing in the Pizza Planet truck, gaining on his ca Suddenly he sees two objects fly through the air, then bo around in the road ahead. al squints his eyes.
13) 5) dialog: Those are mine! Mine! Mine! The kids wrestle the toys out of Al’s hands. They hurry t bikes as Al throws a TEMPER TANTRUM.
13) 8) dialog: (shouts) Toynappers! Toynappers! {to sky)