2) 0) text: Woody plummets off the garage roof and WHUMP!, lands in a cardboard box on a table. The box is full of junk. Woody stumbles to his feet, a lampshade perched on his head. INT. ANDY’S ROOM + CONTINUOUS The toys LAUGH.
3) 0) text: Woedy looks up, sees the toys laughing at him in Andy’s w He throws the shade down, crosses his arms, stands there Just then an ominous shadow approaches from behind. Woody limp, falling back into the box. A man’s stubby hand reaches down and grabs Woody. The MA Woody to his face and examines hin. INT. ANDY’S ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS The toys stop laughing. They GASP.
5) 0) text: The toys slip out of Andy’s window and hop down to the ro Buzz leads the toys to the top of an ivy trellis. Buzz gr
6) 0) text: Andy’s toys despondently trudge along. Buzz drags behind.
6) 232) text: ‘ . o~ 54 wooDYy Come on, Buzz, let’s go back to Andy’s.
7) 0) text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, close door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood. Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised Andy’s toys are gone. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
8) 0) text: Al finishes futzing under the hood. He shrugs his shoulde SLAMS the hood angrily. 62 Al hurries to his door. As he reaches out to pull the han hear a CLINK of the electronic door lock. Al pulls the ha It’s locked. al tugs frantically on the door. He can’t se what’s inside because of the tinted windows. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS Andy’s toys see Al yanking in vain on the door handle. Th CHEER.
13) 23) text: Sarge is at Andy’s window, looking through binoculars.
13) 28) dialog: +-.and we made smores and sang songs. Can I go back next week?
14) 0) text: Woody, Bullseye, Buzz step on the roof and begin running window. Bo Peep and the rest of the toys are waiting with window open. INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Andy's POV as he reaches the second floor and runs to his INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS The toys climb in the window. Bo Peep greets Woody.
14) 3) dialog: Woody! Buzz! He runs over and picks them up, examines them a moment. H his fingers over Buzz‘s scuff mark. Then he checks out Wo @amaged hat, ‘a quizzical look on his face. It’s tense, u
14) 4) dialog: I missed you guys. (he hugs them to his chest) While you guys were lying around all summer, I was at adventure camp! JI made a wallet! Andy proudly produces a home-made wallet. then he stops, Bullseye laying on the bed. He picks Bullseye up. ANDY . Cool! "o (calls downstairs) Thanks mom!
14) 6) dialog: (as Woody) Hey Buzz, want to go on an adventure? Andy presses Buzz’s voice button. eo 76
14) 7) text: There’s a secret mission in uncharted space. Let’s go. Andy spreads Buzz’s legs apart and hops him on Bullseye b Woody. Andy pulls Woody’s string.