5) 13) dialog: (down home accent) Put ’er there, pal! Bullseye holds out a hoof for Woody to shake. Woody stare them in shock.
5) 26) dialog: Fellans, I don’t think he knows . he’s a collector’s item. yr “my 18
5) 38) dialog: (covert code) So... I see we have... similar interests. Woody misses with the lasso again.
5) 40) dialog: (looks around; the coast is clear) You’re everything like me. I liked being a toy. I was played with. too, back in the fifties. Woody uses his 20 wooDy What? You?... (warms up) Sorry, Put er there, pal! free hand to shake with Bullseye.
5) 41) dialog: Yep, just like you, I was. The birdman of Al’s apartment. Fifty four escape attempts at the window, hundred and twenty seven at the air vent, and... (proudly) two hundred and eighty four attempts to lasso the doorknob like you're doing. I’ve been here a long time, Woody, and if there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s that... Woody tosses the lasso up to the doorknob. cLicx. Woody brightens and pulls hard on the door. It doesn’t open, an Woody yanks himself headfirst into the door.
5) 42) dialog: ++.that door’s deadbolted.
5) 44) dialog: Woody, don’t be a darn fool. 1 spent years wishing I could break out, and all I got was a broken heart. (perks up) Besides, life here ain’t that bad. Al treats us well. Prospector and Senorita Cactus... they've got their good points...
5) 46) dialog: (thinking hard) Er... They’re very shiny... The cactus isn’t that prickly... The Prospector has good diction... (defensive) Well, it could be worse! I coula Still be stuck in that moldy box. f o~ 21 Woody sits down, despondent. He’s staring up at something
5) 47) dialog: Yep, the more I tried to escape, the more I learned that you don’t escape from Al‘s.
5) 49) dialog: I know... that you’ve got some learnin’ to do. Good luck, friend. Bullseye smiles at Woody, walks away.
6) 121) dialog: They sound like regular toys to me. Woody condescendingly puts his arm around Bullseye.
6) 123) dialog: But a few days ago you said...
6) 160) dialog: (frustrated, under breath) Sheeze, how collectible can you get?! As Woody blabbers on, none of the collectible toys see wh coming down from above. It’s Buzz, lowering himself from skylight using Woody chuckles there, smiling They embrace, wipe it off. Bullseye’s jaw double check. his retractable string and grappling hook. WooDY If Andy’s toys could see me now, they wouldn’t even recognize me. Why if Buzz were here, you know what he’d say? (mimics Buzz) “Congratulations, Woody. It’s been an honor serving you."... and turns to his side. Buzz is standing right at hin. WooDY (to Buzz) Isn’t that right, Buz2?... (a beat)
6) 163) dialog: (in shock) He came? He actually came. WoOoDY How did you... when did ‘you...
6) 185) dialog: I can’t believe this! Buzz risked everything and you’re turning your back on him? Woody, what’s happened to you? .
6) 187) dialog: You've changed. I liked the old Woody better.
6) 246) dialog: W-Woody! What the heck you doin’? wooDy Escape number four hundred and twenty one! Come on, Bulls. Woody takes Bullseye over to Buzz’s waiting rope and atta Bullseye securely to the hook. Woody motions for Buzz to them both up, quick. —_— — aoe 56 We hear Al‘’s KEY UNLOCKING the front room door. Buzz starts to haul them up. Woody breathes a SIGH of rel Suddenly the display room’s heating grate SHAKES, BENDS, FALLS OFF.
6) 258) dialog: I’m not leaving without you, Woody. Bullseye lets go, falls. The display room door opens, Al’ reaches in, fumbling for the light switch. Bullseye retur his box as the Prospector and Cactus jump and resume posi Buzz’s load is suddenly lighter. In one fell swoop, Buzz andy’s toys up through the skylight and onto the roof, wh land in a heap. Al enters, ambles to the display, dyspeptic stomach RUMBL 58
12) 9) dialog: Hold it fellahs. can’t 1 play too? They turn around, see Bullseye Clumsily climbing up from trunk. In b.g. we see the bridge ending; they're back on again. In the distance, the Pizza Planet truck appears, g on them fast.
12) 12) dialog: Something I should have done a long time ago! Bullseye wheels around, lifts his haunches, and with a WH buck-kicks the Prospector and Cactus right off of the car go flying through the air. -
13) 22) dialog: Need a ride, sheriff? Woody’s delighted, hops on Bullseye’s back. Bullseye heel his hind legs triumphantly and WHINNIES, wooDy Uh-um... Hi-yo Bullseye! They ride across the driveway toward the ivy trellis alon side of the garage.
14) 0) text: Woody, Bullseye, Buzz step on the roof and begin running window. Bo Peep and the rest of the toys are waiting with window open. INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Andy's POV as he reaches the second floor and runs to his INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS The toys climb in the window. Bo Peep greets Woody.
14) 7) text: There’s a secret mission in uncharted space. Let’s go. Andy spreads Buzz’s legs apart and hops him on Bullseye b Woody. Andy pulls Woody’s string.