0) 2) dialog: (proudly) I’1l de-moleculize him with my antimatter phaser. Hamm tries to grab the joystick.
0) 4) dialog: I an Buzz Lightyear! Zurg starts FIRING the blaster at us. Rex shakes Buzz.
4) 9) dialog: "L-2-T-Y-BeR-N?" Buzz shakes his head, can’t figure it out. The toys stand window sill, watching as the car drives out of sight.
4) 20) text: Buzz paces back and forth in front of Etch, deep in thoug Written on Etch’s screen are the giant letters: LZTYBRN. stares at the screen, scratches his chin.
4) 21) dialog: Try the "1-z" combination. REVEAL Buzz is talking to Mr. Spell.
4) 23) dialog: Blast! This is going in circles. Buzz slumps in frustration.
4) 25) dialog: Al’s Toy Barn!
4) 29) dialog: I’m going to bring Woody home.
4) 31) text: Buzz points to Mr. Spell. His screen still reads "Al's T Barn."
4) 32) dialog: Al‘’s Toy Barn. The man who stole Woody was Al!
4) 37) dialog: , Woody saved my life once--and he’s too young to be tossed into the toybox just yet. Buzz starts toward Andy’s window.
4) 40) dialog: Alright. We’ll begin our mission in five minutes. With any luck we'll be home tomorrow morning. Hamm looks to Mr. Potato Head.
5) 0) text: The toys slip out of Andy’s window and hop down to the ro Buzz leads the toys to the top of an ivy trellis. Buzz gr
5) 3) dialog: I’1l pass it on... but I doubt he’1l enjoy it coming from me. Buzz looks out at the suburban landscape. Houselights twi
5) 4) dialog: To Al‘s Toy Barn... and beyond! Buzz leads the toys down the ivy trellis as we... DISSOLVE To: An imposing high-rise apartment building in a large city. “LZTYBRN" car parks in front of the high-rise. Al steps o carrying Woody. He enters an outdoor elevator. INT. AL’S APARTMENT - FRONT ROOM ~ MOMENTS LATER It’s a penthouse decorated with framed covers of business magazines featuring Al’s picture, a collection of Pez dis and a wall of framed photos... all of various toys. Al enters, carrying Woody. He WHISTLES and tries to act nonchalant, which only makes him appear suspicious. As so he closes the door behind hin... aL Yes! Yes! Yessss! A genuine first edition Woody! Al does a little victory dance around the apartment. ) ew rn 15 Al stops dancing and stares at Woody lovingly. aL At last! The mother lode! {ala conga) Woody, Woody, Woo-dee! Al dances into another room. INT. AL‘’S APARTMENT - WORK ROOM - CONTINUOUS Woody is carried across the room, rimmed with floor-to-ce shelves full of boxes. The boxes have labels such as "Cap Platypus," "Dinky Doodle’s Playhouse," and "Rococco The C Woody is carried toward a workbench. Protruding from the is a big clamp. al puts Woody on the workbench and clamps head into a fixed position. WOODY’S POV Operating room style lights blare down from overhead. Al stares down into Woody’s eyes. Al holds up a q-tip, th it ina jar bearing a skull and crossbone and label: "DANG
6) 0) text: Andy’s toys despondently trudge along. Buzz drags behind.
6) 5) dialog: No, Potato Head’s right. T had no business trying this. I don’t even know where we are. Maybe we should turn around...
6) 8) dialog: Now don’t any of you try...
6) 13) dialog: Whuh?! . Buzz is mortified to see the curb feeler’s scratched a sc deep into his leg. He gets up to move but a line of cars in both directions.
6) 17) dialog: (to self) Space Ranger? I’m just a toy! What am I doing out here?
6) 66) dialog: Buzz is awestruck by an aisle full of Buzz Lightyears. Th closely resemble Buzz, except these are newer, flashier m labeled, “Ultra Buzz Lightyear 2000." 30 Buzz looks up at hundreds of identical Ultra Buzz Lightye 2000s. He sees one on display out of his box. This new Bu shinier, fancier, and has even more buttons than our Buzz Curious, our Buzz climbs up onto the display and sizes up Buzz. He’s about to press one of the new Buzz’s buttons w i ULTRA BUZZ Halt! Ultra Buzz grabs our Buz2’s index finger.
6) 67) dialog: (recoils)
6) 69) dialog: You're in direct violation of code zero section seven dash B, stating all space rangers are to be in hypersleep until awakened by authorized personnel. Ultra Buzz points to the aisle of Buzzes in their boxes.
6) 70) dialog: (realizes) oh, no...
6) 71) dialog: You’re breaking ranks, Ranger. You could jeopardize the entire mission... Our Buzz rolls his eyes. He mouths along as Ultra Buzz pr speaks...
6) 72) dialog: Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet. I alone have information that reveals this weapon’s only weakness. Buzz stares at this Ultra Buzz, seeing his own reflection Ultra Buzz’s helmet. Ultra Buzz has the same deluded look eyes that our Buzz had when he first "landed" on Andy’s b For a moment, Buzz considers whether he should say anythi 31
6) 73) dialog: Friend, let me share a little Secret with you. Space Ranger, you’re not a Space Ranger. You're a toy.
6) 74) dialog: Akkhh! You‘’ve been brainwashed by agents of Zurg! Buzz (pops open his wings) Our wings, they’re plastic. And our "lasers"... Buzz hits his laser. Ultra Buzz recoils, doing a triple handspring.
6) 75) dialog: Has your mind been melded?! you could have killed me, Space Ranger... or should I say "traitor." Ultra Buzz puts his hand to his laser and points it menac Buzz. .
6) 76) dialog: (into wrist communicator) Buzz Lightyear to Star Command, I’ve got an AWOL Space Ranger... Why don’t they answer? Buzz rolls his eyes, starts to walk away. Ultra Buzz is s that Buzz walks away from a laser.
6) 77) dialog: You’re coming with me for court marshal! Ultra Buzz lunges at Buzz from the back. They roll around floor. They roll into the base of another display, jostling it. Emperor Zurg box falls off the display, breaking open on floor. An Emperor Zurg doll pulls itself out.
6) 80) dialog: (to Buzz) Take cover! He’s got a Zurgotronic Ion Blaster! Ultra Buzz pushes Buzz behind Zurg’s box. Zurg begins sho the nerf balls at Ultra Buzz. AS our Buzz watches, the Ultra Buzz leaps into an acrobat frenzy, avoiding the balls with backflips, slides and hig Buzz is impressed. Ultra Buzz sees our Buzz stepping out help.
6) 81) dialog: Stay covered! You don’t believe you're a space ranger. How can you fight with that attitude?! : Ultra Buzz fires his grappling hook onto a low shelf and over 2urg.
6) 82) dialog: You're powerless to stop me, Zurg! A Space Ranger fears nothing! Buzz smiles. He’s inspired by the deluded Space Ranger‘s confidence!
6) 83) dialog: of course! (beat) Step aside, let a real hero handle this! - Our Buzz confidently walks directly into Zurg’s stream of balls. He LAUGHS as Zurg’s ion balls: bounce harmlessly o chest.
6) 84) dialog: What kind of superhuman are you?! yo ™~ 33
6) 85) dialog: I’m not a human at all! i'ma toy! A cool toy! Buzz walks cooly behind Zurg’s back and pulls out his bat Zurg’s "ion blaster" stops firing.
6) 87) dialog: You’ve smitten Zurg with nothing but the sheer will to dominate! You are the Buzz Lightyear! you have a greater knowledge than I can ever comprehend. Ultra Buzz and Buzz do the Secret Space Ranger palm press a moment of macho male bonding.
6) 88) dialog: I’m going to the Desert of Neptar to meditate. Perhaps someday I will gain the confidence you display, Space Ranger. Ultra Buzz removes his accessory belt, hands it to our Bu ULTRA BUZZ . I don’t know what you did with your accessory belt, but... take mine. You’re more deserving of this. Go in peace.
6) 89) dialog: (to self) Time to get Woody!... in the name of the Universe Protection Unit! He bounds down the aisle, finally his old self. Behind hi see Al walk by, carrying his duffle bag.
6) 91) dialog: The ball falls, getting Buzz’s attention. Buzz sees Al, a Rex peeking out from Al’s bag. Buzz bounds toward the bag, re-energized. As Al walks thr the electronic door, Buzz takes a flying leap, catapults ball, and sails through the doors as they’re closing. He perfectly in the bag with a little THUMP. Al looks around
6) 95) dialog: (starts, then reconsiders) You don’t want to know. Let’s go get Woody!
6) 98) dialog: Rex! You’re fogging up my helmet!
6) 101) dialog: What can you make out?
6) 113) dialog: Of course--a toynapper would have to live on the top floor--for protection. Buzz pulls on the door handle, but it’s locked. He starts running around the car, pushing buttons and pulling handl
6) 115) dialog: Clever, Al. But not clever enough for Buzz Lightyear. EXT. STREET OUTSIDE AL’S BUILDING - CONTINUOUS Buzz opens the Buzz grabs two door, jumps to the curb. The other toys follow.
6) 116) dialog: Blast. There’s too many people using Al’s vertical transporter. Hmm... Rex, do you still have that suction cup dart gun?
6) 118) dialog: Stay here while I get Woody and don’t move ‘till I return. Buzz makes a dash across the curb to the base of the high cUT To: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - LATER Woody and the Prospector are lounging on their pillows. S Cactus gives Woody a backrub as Woody tells a story. Wood adopted an "old boy" accent. . WwoODY So then he says, "How dare you open a spaceman’s helmet? My eyeballs could’ve been sucked from their sockets!" Woody and the Prospector lean in toward each other and gi clenched teeth LAUGH. 38
6) 142) dialog: It’s true! They really do look like toys from up here. Suddenly, the brick facing cracks and comes loose. Buzz p down the side of the building.
6) 143) dialog: Aaaaa... The ground is rushing up at Buzz. In desperation, Buzz sl both suction cups onto a passing window. Buzz slides down window, clinging as the suction cups SCREECH on the pane glass. The friction slows Buzz down, and he comes to a st
6) 144) dialog: Now I know how a real space ranger feels. - (to sky) To infinity, and...
6) 146) dialog: Steady, Ranger. No matter how bad it gets, remember poor Woody’s got it ten times worse. BACK TO: INT. AL’S APARTMENT = DISPLAY ROOM Quentin fawns over Woody, stroking his head with white gl Al is still schmoozing the New Yorkers.
6) 157) text: Buzz’s head peers down from the skylight. EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - ROOF - CONTINUOUS Buzz runs his hands around the perimeter of the skylight.
6) 158) dialog: Hmm... some form of synthetic glass. Buzz looks around the roof, sees an old tin can with open
6) 159) dialog: Ah. Buzz grabs the can, carefully cuts a small hole in the plexiglass. Buzz removes it, then pulls out his grappling and fastens it onto the lip of the skylight. Buzz starts lower himself down into Al‘s apartment. INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS Woody and Senorita Cactus are still dancing. Woody dances hi-fi and stops the music. wooby Well old sports, we’re off to Gothan and guess who’s the reason? Moi! (smarmy laugh) _ Anywho... I just want you guys to know that I love ya. And I mean that. The Prospector 43 and Senorita Cactus APPLAUD.
6) 161) dialog: 
6) 162) dialog: Woody! Woody gets some bird doo on his cheek. He doesn’t drops. He stares in amazement, blinks his eyes to
6) 164) dialog: Al brought me here! woopy : Really? You‘re a collectible too? 44
6) 166) dialog: Family? wooDYy Sure, these are all part of my roundup! That’s Bullseye, and this is Senorita Cactus and the Prospector. Buzz holds out his hand. The Prospector looks at Buzz’s f hand. He does not shake it.
6) 170) dialog: I believe you mean a self-powered poseable Space Ranger action figure. Watch. Buzz hits his voice activation button. BUZZ’S VOICEBOX Buzz Lightyear to the Rescue!
6) 173) dialog: Woody, I’ve come to... As Buzz gestures out the window, he accidentally flings a dirt on Senorita Cactus. wooDyYy (sotto) Buzz, you're making a spectacle. Senorita Cactus looks up from the price guide.
6) 175) dialog: I told you, I’m Woody’s best friend.
6) 177) dialog: Of course you’re my best friend. We've been through so much! Remember Pizza Planet?!
6) 179) dialog: if I didn’t know better, I’d say you're ridiculing me. 46
6) 181) dialog: You are the strangest toys I’ve ever seen. (proudly to Woody) Woody, I come to liberate you from the clutches of...
6) 183) dialog: What are you talking about? woody Look around, who would want to leave all this?
6) 184) dialog: All this junk? Come on, let’s go home. WwoOoDY Iam home! I’ve grown up. I'ma collector’s item now. I’ve graduated to a whole new plane of existence! Buzz is speechless.
6) 188) dialog: Enough! Woody, I’m taking you back to Andy’s.
6) 190) dialog: YOU... ARE... A... TOY! You’re not a piece of art! You’re a child’s plaything!
6) 192) dialog: You’re a complete lunatic! I am rescuing you from this strange alternate universe, and there is not a thing you can do about it! Woody pushes the "retract" button on Buzz’s grappling dev Buzz goes shooting back up toward the skylight.
6) 199) dialog: Aaahhhhhh!
6) 201) dialog: Sorry cowboy. Someone’s got to save you from this weird toy cult. Woody runs away. TRACK WITH WOODY as he suddenly jerks. H legs are spinning, but he’s actually moving slowly backwa Woody looks behind himself in horror. WIDEN TO REVEAL Buzz is holding the ring on the end of Wo pullstring. The pullstring is maxed out. As it slowly ret Woody is pulled backwards toward Buzz. WOODY’S VOICE BOX (slowed down) There’s--there’s a sn-sn-snake in my... (record scratch) ...favorite deputy! Buzz holds onto the string with one hand, and spins Woody the other, tying Woody up by his own pullstring.
6) 204) dialog: Or you’ll what?
6) 206) dialog: Woody, what has gotten into you? He hoists Woody onto his shoulder and leans over the edge roof. Woody sees this; his eyes go wide. He flails about shouts... . wooDYy (panicking through gag) Wuuhh mmmph uzz follywof... Buzz You expect me to believe that? What could you possibly see in those demented toys? Buzz steps out onto the suction cup, holding Woody on his Woody sees the tiny cars on the street below, panics more wooDy (hysterical) Frakcen uulp thwoopa fumff! BUZZ . I don’t buy it! Those collectibles don't care about you! As soon as your blue book value drops, they’11l @rop you. Buzz puts his other foot on the other suction cup. The cu loose and falls off the side of the building. Buzz scramb back onto the roof. He and Woody stand face to face on th
6) 207) dialog: Blast! Al wouldn’t have a suction cup collection in there, would he? Woody is silent. Buzz undoes Weody’s gag. 51 . wooDY Help!!!
6) 208) dialog: I‘ll take that as a "no." That‘s alright, we’ll find another way to get home to Andy.
6) 210) dialog: That’s enough! You see this? Buzz grabs Woody’s boot and shows him the name “Andy.”
6) 211) dialog: This is a badge of honor! That name on your boot means a kid loves you. That’s not something you can erase. Woody leoks at his boot with guilt. "Andy" is faint but s there. Just then the Prospector and Senorita Cactus emerge from skylight, huffing and puffing up Buzz’s string.
6) 214) dialog: (to Woody) Is that what you want? (Woody says nothing) Very well, I’m terminating this conversation. Go, be valuable. Buzz unties Woody. Woody hesitates. He doesn‘t know what
6) 230) dialog: You are a toy!
6) 232) text: ‘ . o~ 54 wooDYy Come on, Buzz, let’s go back to Andy’s.
6) 234) dialog: What about Bullseye? wooDYy We can’t leave yet, Buzz. There’s something I have to do first. cur TO: EXT. AL’S APARTMENT BUILDING - CONTINUOUS Potato Head, Hamm, Rex and Slinky are still hiding in the
6) 257) dialog: I can’t hold it much longer! Buzz is losing his grip. The toys are sliding back down. furrows his brow, lets go of the rope, and falls on his p WwooDY (falling) Goodbye Bullilis! Bullseye looks down, touched by Woody’s show of sacrifice
6) 260) dialog: Blast! He’s taking them to those museum people. We have to get back down to his car... somehow. Buzz looks across the roof, gets an idea.
6) 261) dialog: Follow me. They follow Buzz to the building’s ledge. They look down, the sheer drop and the glass elevator several stories bel Directly below them is a swimming pool. Buzz There’s no other choice. Well have to jump for it--
6) 267) dialog: One.. two... Buzz pushes Rex off the side of the ledge. Buzz, Slinky, and Potato Head follow.
6) 271) dialog: Shh! Buzz covers Rex’s mouth. Buz2 points downward. The toys h jumped down to the top of the glass elevator, just as Al getting in. Al holds his packed up display boxes, listeni the HERB ALPERT MUZAK.
6) 277) dialog: We won't let you get there. We're going to stop this car. Woody takes off his hat to scratch his head.
6) 280) text: 61 Woody’s head is just a few inches above the rushing concr tries to shove his hat into Al’s tailpipe. aAs the car sw Woody swings back and forth, missing the tailpipe a few t The car hits a bump. Buzz drops Woody.
7) 0) text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, close door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood. Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised Andy’s toys are gone. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
8) 1) dialog: Let’s hear it for Al’s peripheral security system! Just then Al reaches down below the car door. He emerges a hide-a-key box. He opens the box and removes a spare ke
8) 3) dialog: Alright everybody, listen up. Rex, get up on the dashboard, Hann, go into the wheel well, Slinky, you stay on the seat... The toys move into position as...
8) 6) dialog: It's like the video game. Fire thrusters! Full throttle! Hamm belly flops on the accelerator pedal.
9) 5) dialog: Of course you can. It’s just like driving RC!
10) 2) dialog: Good job, everyone! Maintain your positions! Hanm, stay with the thrusters. Slinky, steady course. Rex, mind that navigation...
10) 4) dialog: Potato Head, you find a good radio station.
11) 9) dialog: (from car interior) To infinity and beyond! wooDy Oh--this I gotta see! Woody, the Prospector and Senorita Cactus rush through th armrest hole into the car interior. INT. AL’S CAR = CONTINUOUS Woody, Prospector and Senorita Cactus climb into the fron Woody is shocked to see Andy's toys maneuvering the car.
12) 1) dialog: Woody, look out! Woody turns around, sees the Prospector approaching Woody holding the car’s Cigarette lighter. It SIZZLES red hot.
13) 10) dialog: We finally busted out, partner! Woody looks ahead, sees they’re careening down a familiar
13) 12) dialog: Woody, I know what I’m doing. Andy’s house is on the left. wooDy Right!
13) 13) dialog: Left! Buzz and Woody tug on the wheel, swerving the car around Street. They let go of the wheel and get into a slap figh although they’re smiling, delighted to be competitive fri once again. .
13) 19) dialog: Perfect landing. Woody looks out of the window, sees Andy’s house. woOoDY Andy’s! EXT. ANDY’S STREET = CONTINUOUS Woody and Buzz help the toys out of the smoldering car. T make a run for Andy’s. Woody and Bullseye lag behind, loo Andy’s house. ~ 73
14) 0) text: Woody, Bullseye, Buzz step on the roof and begin running window. Bo Peep and the rest of the toys are waiting with window open. INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Andy's POV as he reaches the second floor and runs to his INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS The toys climb in the window. Bo Peep greets Woody.
14) 7) text: There’s a secret mission in uncharted space. Let’s go. Andy spreads Buzz’s legs apart and hops him on Bullseye b Woody. Andy pulls Woody’s string.