0) 1) dialog: Really? JI would use my terillium shield.
0) 5) dialog: He’s attacking. Buzz, do something!
0) 9) dialog: High score! You did it, Buzz!
0) 18) dialog: “See Dick! See Dick run!" Oh no! “Run, Dick, run!" I can’t go any further! The suspense is killing me! (sees Woody) Woody! Care to join us for a book discussion group?
0) 35) dialog: Hey Woody! Woody turns around, sees Rex is coming. Woody panics and Andy’s window shade down, covering: the window. Woody sta there, straining to hold the shade down, trying to look nonchalant.
0) 36) dialog: Could you hand me "The Pokey Little Puppy?" The Little Tykes are demanding something more sophisticated. Laying on the dresser is the book, "The Pokey Little Pupp Woody stretches to reach the book with his hand, while ho the shade down by Placing his feet on the shade’s pullrin hands Rex the book, smiling nervously.
0) 39) dialog: Why Woody, there’s nothing back here to hide at all. I don’t see anything except for a sign that Says... GARAGE SALE!
0) 45) dialog: Strangers poking and prodding at my soft underbelly=--how humiliating!
0) 51) dialog: Don’t worry, Woody. Just because you’re falling apart, that doesn’t change how much we love you.
4) 8) dialog: Come back with Woody, you, you... toynapper! Buzz grabs LENNY, looks through. BUZZ’S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS The man jumps into his car. As he Speeds off, Buzz focuse the license plate: "LZTYBRN."
4) 17) dialog: For those who need it, I’1ll be leading crisis counseling after the ceremony... (blubbers) Woody! We never even got to say goodbye! away with emotion. He runs off hysterical.
4) 39) dialog: Me too! I want to rescue Woody!
6) 1) dialog: I can’t take any more of this! I/m allergic to failure! ‘POTATO HEAD (quoting Hamm sarcastically) "Up for a road trip, Spudhead? It‘’ll be a lot of laughs..." The toys come upon a wide stretch of highway. Cars WHOOSH four lanes. It looks dangerous.
6) 6) text: 22 Rex looks up. Between the flow of cars he sees a shopping across the street. In the middle is Al’s Toy Barn.
6) 7) dialog: Al’s Toy Barn! Woody! Rex doesn’t look both ways, he just excitedly starts runn across the road. Buzz Rex, no! The cars barely miss Rex as he gets to the other side.
6) 14) dialog: Buzz! ) ny 23 Rex runs back into the road, narrowly avoiding the traffi grabs Buzz and drags him to the other side.
6) 18) dialog: (re: Toy Barn) Buzz is right. What are we doing out here? Woody’s in there! The toys WALLAH IN CELEBRATION, and rush toward the super Buzz watches the toys run toward Al’s, but doesn’t feel l celebrating. After a beat, he trudges toward Al’s Toy Bar defeated toy. cut To: INT. AL’S APARTMENT - DISPLAY ROOM - LATER Woody has stacked a bunch of "Woody’s Roundup" parapherna lunchboxes, board games, bookbags, thermi, books, etc--in very rickety stack leading to the skylight. Woody is clim carrying a book, "Woody’s Book of Phonics." Bullseye watches as Woody climbs higher and higher. The Prospector and Senorita Cactus are Playing chess, their b Woody. They don’t see the escape attempt. Woody reaches the top. The skylight is right above his he Woody places the book on top. Now the stack reaches right the skylight.
6) 52) dialog: Where do we hide? Where do we nide?
6) 56) dialog: You think Woody’s up there? I hope we don’t have to open all those boxes.
6) 59) dialog: I bet he’s in there with Woody Playing cowboys and indians. Rex, Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky rush toward the office Buzz stays behind, staring awestruck up at an aisle. yn" 29 AT AL‘S OFFICE DooR Rex, Potato Head, Hamm and Slinky hide behind the door an through the crack. Inside, Al is on the phone. By the doo Al‘’s open duffel bag. aL (into phone) Of course, it’s the authentic first edition Woody. I/11 see you at my condo at five thirty. Bring your checkbook,
6) 61) dialog: (sotto) Let’s kidnap Al! Give him a taste of his own medicine!
6) 63) dialog: (sotto) But it’s so pretty!
6) 94) dialog: (sotto) Wow Buzz, what happened to you?
6) 99) dialog: I can’t help it. The walls of the bag are closing in!
6) 110) dialog: He’s going to his apartment.
6) 117) dialog: Sure, but do you think you can blast Al from here? It doesn’t have a sight. suction cup darts. He scopes the building face.
6) 235) dialog: I wonder how Buzz is doing. Just then Buzz‘’s suction cup comes plummeting down. It l Potato’s Head.
6) 238) dialog: How do you know they’re henchmen?
6) 241) dialog: I think it’s broken.
6) 244) dialog: I need a hand. Mr. Potato Head removes his left arm and hands it up the Rex. Now Rex has an arm extension. Using Potato Head’s ar pushes all the buttons, and the elevator starts rising. ANDY‘S TOYS Yay! The toys topple over.
6) 253) dialog: Woody! For Pete’s sake, show some gratitude!
6) 264) dialog: Buzz, you know I’m afraid of heights! And this is ten times higher than andy’s bed!
6) 268) dialog: Aaaaa! After a brief fall, the toys land. Rex opens his eyes.
6) 269) dialog: Hey! That wasn’t so bad. Rex opens his eyes, sees that instead of being on the gro they’re still several stories up.
6) 270) dialog: Aaaaa!
6) 274) dialog: These are my arms! Buzz pulls Rex onto the bumper as Al’s car slowly taxis o the driveway. Rex looks down, sees the pavement is moving faster. The toys BANG on the trunk. INT. AL‘S CAR - TRUNK ~- CONTINUOUS Woody’s box jostles, bounces. Woody hears the BANGING. A hand bursts out of Woody’s box, starts undoing the wrap EXT. AL’S CAR - REAR BUMPER - CONTINUOUS The trunk pops open, revealing Woody.
7) 0) text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, close door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood. Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised Andy’s toys are gone. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
9) 3) dialog: Make a right! No, a... I mean, go that way! (points left) Buzz pulls the left side of the steering wheel. Slinky’s end is stretched out to the top of the wheel. The car swerves to the left. Hamm is rolling around in th well.
9) 7) dialog: Aahhh! It’s on to us! 64
10) 7) dialog: (reads map) We should be approaching a big arrow with a giant N above it.
10) 9) dialog: I can’t tell if we’re in the yellow county or the pink county! (looks out window) It all looks dark to ne! 65 INT. AL‘S CAR = TRUNK - CONTINUOUS Woody opens the car trunk an inch, peers out. He sees the Planet truck approaching. A closer look reveals that Al i the wheel.
13) 16) dialog: Pe-pass. D--depart N--nothing. R--return! Rex throws it into reverse. EXT. ANDY’S STREET - CONTINUOUS CRUNCH! The reverse kicks in big time, trashing the car. transmission flies out, clanging in the street. All four blow out. The side door bends open. The car screeches dow street, spinning around and fishtailing. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS All the toys are spun around on the car seat.