0) 6) text: (calls o.s.) Woody, tell these guys I know what I’m doing.
0) 8) dialog: Guys, next time I’m stranded on an alien planet, there’s no one I’da rather have lead the rescue party than Buzz Lightyear... As Woody speaks, he sees something through Andy’s window. split second Mrs. Davis walks by carrying a few items, in what might have been a "GARAGE SALE" sign--she’s gone bef Woody can tell. Woody mouths the words "GARAGE SALE?" There’s a HAMMERING NOISE outside. Woody looks worried. H scopes out the room; across the room is the window, and a in front of it. In b.g. we hear a CASIO WINNING FANFARE.
0) 12) dialog: Three more days, Slinky: Hey Slink, checkers at four o’clock? Slinky looks up nervously.
0) 14) text: (laughs) Good one, Slink. Woody walks away; Slinky continues to look around nervous Woody salutes as he approaches Sarge, who leads the ALIEN they try to march in place. The Aliens SQUEAK out of unis
0) 16) dialog: Lookin’ good, Sarge. The few, the proud... the Aliens! (he laughs at his own joke) Hey Sarge, where’s the regular army?
0) 19) dialog: Later, Rex. I’ve got some business to check on... Rex and Woody are distracted by a loud KISSING NOISE. wooDy (smiles) Uh oh, turn your heads, Little Tykes. They’re at it again! Woody looks toward a DOLL HOUSE. MR. and MRS. POTATO HEAD in the side "yard," smooching like two lovebirds.
0) 29) dialog: Bo? Why’d you do that?
0) 34) dialog: (sighs) Great... This is the last thing the toys need.
0) 37) text: Woody? Are you hiding something behind that shade?
0) 38) dialog: Me? What? Never! Why, who ever heard of anything so... THWIPP-P-P! The shade pulls up, yanking Woody up with a F FLAP FLAP. The other toys in the room stop playing and wa Woody lands in a heap on the bed. He jumps up, composes h wooDy Not a problem! I’m fine! Keep on Playing! Rex examines the window.
0) 42) dialog: Everyone, calm down. It’s just a garage sale...
0) 46) dialog: Rex! No one is going to get poked!
0) 48) dialog: .Everyone, quiet! (the toys settle down) Relax. None of us are going to the garage sale. Mom wouldn’t sell any of us with Andy away at camp! Besides, garage sales are only for old toys.
0) 50) dialog: Oh, I am pot an antique! As Woody gestures to make his point, the ripped stitch Po Woody looks down, sees some stuffing is coming out of his Woody tries to pants.
0) 52) dialog: Hey, I am not falling apart! I’ve just been... heavily loved. act cool as he kicks the stuffing back in his
0) 54) dialog: Alright! Now if you'll excuse me, I’m going out for a little rest, relaxation... (stuffing comes out again) ++-and restuffing. : Woody climbs onto Andy’s bed. He hops up and sits on the windowsill, his feet dangling out the open window over th roof. Woody stews as he shoves the stuffing back in. woopy (muttering as he restuffs) Antique! We’ll see who's falling apart. Just cause a fellah looses a little bit of his insides... I’m just more "mature," that’s all... Woody stares out the window over the suburban landscape, Everything is quiet, except the pleasant chirping of bird Woody takes a deep breath, relaxes. He hops down onto the the garage roof.
1) 0) text: Woody stands on a shingle, stretches his legs.
1) 1) dialog: Ahhh. Finally a little Peace and quiet. Nothing to bother me up here on the... As Woody shifts his weight, the Shingle he’s standing on and starts to slip. WwooDy +.-Whoa... Whaaah!... The shingle slips leose and Woody slides down the roof Sl if he were on a toboggan. He tries to stop the shingle wi boot, but to no avail. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Andy's toys see Woody sliding down the roof. They stop th playing and run up to the window sill, concerned.
2) 0) text: Woody plummets off the garage roof and WHUMP!, lands in a cardboard box on a table. The box is full of junk. Woody stumbles to his feet, a lampshade perched on his head. INT. ANDY’S ROOM + CONTINUOUS The toys LAUGH.
3) 0) text: Woedy looks up, sees the toys laughing at him in Andy’s w He throws the shade down, crosses his arms, stands there Just then an ominous shadow approaches from behind. Woody limp, falling back into the box. A man’s stubby hand reaches down and grabs Woody. The MA Woody to his face and examines hin. INT. ANDY’S ROOM ~ CONTINUOUS The toys stop laughing. They GASP.
5) 6) dialog: We see that Al is repairing the burned indentation in Woo forehead. Woody leoks brand new, shiny as a waxed apple. Al stands up, admires Woody. He goes to the shelf and pul marked "Woody’s Roundup." Al carries Woody and the box in 16 INT. AL‘S APARTMENT = DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS Al enters, places three toys from the box--a HORSE, and o PROSPECTOR DOLL, and a CACTUS--along with Woody, on cushy pillows. He exits. WIDEN to reveal this is a spartan, pri room full of polished glass displays. Woody frantically l around for an exit.
5) 14) dialog: I’m outta here. Woody turns and bolts.
5) 16) dialog: Come on, guys, help me get outta here?
5) 17) text: Get out? Whatever for? Woody runs to the window, starts trying to open it. It wo budge. Then Woody looks out the window and is terrified b he sees: a huge expanse of city twenty stories below. And house is nowhere in sight.
5) 18) dialog: {practically crying) Andy! Andy!
5) 21) dialog: He’s the kid who plays with me.
5) 23) dialog: What‘s "ghastly" about it? I‘ma toy just like you.
5) 31) dialog: Right. And you've graduated from "loony" to "total nutcase." Woody starts to walk away. The Prospector grabs Woody by shoulder, turns Woody around.
5) 39) dialog: Similar?! I’m not some "collectible" who hates being a toy. I’m nothing like you!
5) 43) dialog: (deadpan) Thanks.
5) 45) dialog: What good points?!
5) 48) dialog: Bullseye... What do you know about that skylight up there?
6) 19) text: (sotto, as he climbs) Hah! "No one’s ever escaped Al‘’s." That was before Al messed with me! Woody hops on top of the book, pushes against the skyligh won’t budge. 24
6) 20) dialog: (panicky) No, no... This can’t be happening. Woody POUNDS on the skylight. The stack starts to quake. Bullseye runs for cover as the bottom falls out. The stac topples over with a CRASH, sending Woody flying. The Prospector and Senorita Cactus are startled. They loo from their game, see Woody staggering out of the pile in
6) 26) dialog: Who am I fooling? This is hopeless. (to skylight) So long, Andy. Woody puts his head in his hands. The Prospector and Seno Cactus walk up behind him.
6) 28) dialog: You mean my friends?
6) 30) dialog: Don’t call me that!
6) 35) dialog: Andy.
6) 40) dialog: (despairing) I don’t want to hear any more. The Prospector smiles, puts his arm around Woody.
6) 43) dialog: What are you talking about?
6) 46) dialog: (interest slightly piqued) Let me see.
6) 49) dialog: Pull my string! Woody can’t speak. His head reels, his hat falls off. The Prospector and Senorita Cactus jump for the hat.
6) 50) text: (snaps fingers) Cactus, fluff the man’s pillows! Senorita Cactus rushes over with Woody’s pillow, fluffs i Woody leans back on it, stares at his price in the price Woody shows a slightly bemused smile. The Prospector and grin devilishly at each other. Woody goes back to the merchandise on the floor, blankly at it, looks at the skylight and SIGHS, picks up the merc and puts it back on the display.
6) 120) dialog: Oh dear me, yes. Frankly, it got so that I had to walk out on the roof just to escape their shenanigans. That’s how I got here. The Prospector and Senorita Cactus APPLAUD politely. Bull walks over.
6) 122) dialog: They’re just not like us.
6) 124) dialog: Don’t be such a pill. Honestly, | B.E., I believe it was you who said, "Accept it, you’re a collectible." Well I have, and I’m loving every minute of it! They hear Al’s footsteps approaching the door.
6) 125) dialog: (snaps fingers) People! Places, places! The toys jump in place. Al pushes a portable wet bar into room, followed by three chic, artsy-fartsy New York sophisticates, EMERSON, QUENTIN, and THEATRICA. They all black turtlenecks.
6) 176) dialog: (nervous, backpedals) Well actually... We just sort of “worked together."
6) 182) dialog: (condescending) Buzz, Buzz, Buzz... you really should’ve called first. Bullseye is shocked. His head goes back and forth as he w the following conversation.
6) 186) dialog: What's happened to me?. It was a wise old horse who said, “Concentrate on what you have and forget the past." Well, guess what? I’m taking your advice! 47
6) 189) dialog: Oh sure! And while you’re at it, why not use the Hope Diamond for a game of marbles?! Why not write your shopping list on the Mona Lisa?! Why not install track lighting on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?! I mean, think of the thousands of people who'll miss out on seeing "Woody’s Roundup" together again! Think of the loss to world culture! For once in your life, Buzz, think of something other than yourself!
6) 191) dialog: I am a "plush voice-activated collectible."
6) 193) dialog: Have a nice trip, spaceman. Just then we hear a SQUEAL OF GLEE from the front room. A in, holding a check. He kisses it and pours himself a coc ABOVE Buzz hears a SNAP from inside his grappling hook de It's broken; Buzz panics as he falls straight for Al’s he Buzz frantically BANGS on the broken grappling device. He up and tries to stop his fall by grabbing the rope. Buzz burns his hands but manages to stop the fall--an inch abo head. -y- 48 BELOW Al holds his cocktail up, gazes at Woody and raises toast.
6) 200) dialog: Aaahhhhhh! WHAM! Buzz crashes right down on Woody and tackles him. W and Buzz roll around on the display pillows, each trying the other one down.
6) 202) dialog: Help! Al!! Buzz removes Woody’s bandanna and gags Woody with it. He Woody to his waiting retractable string. He climbs to the skylight, hauling the sguirming Woody with him. Once he’s out of reach, the Prospector speaks up.
6) 209) dialog: Andy? So he can toss me out, like Bullseye’s kid? Collectibles never get thrown away!
6) 217) dialog: Oh great! (smiles at Buzz insincerely) Buzz, we both know I can’t risk scuffing myself. Be a chum and fetch my hat. BUZZ . A Space Ranger doesn’t "fetch." If being a museum piece is so important, ask one of your friends to help you. Woody turns to the Prospector.
6) 223) dialog: Buzz! Buzzzzz!!! Woody falls. Buzz springs into action, jumping out onto t flagpole and flipping like he did in Al’s Toy Barn. He le to the end of the pole, grabs Woody and brings him safely roof.
6) 225) dialog: Oh, really? As Woody steps up to the roof, we see the hat is caught o his spurs. Woody triumphantly puts the hat back on. Woody smiles.
6) 227) dialog: Out of my way, you dusty old relics. You’re the most worthless valuables I’ve ever met.
6) 229) dialog: Yeah, right. What am I, Buzz?
6) 232) text: ‘ . o~ 54 wooDYy Come on, Buzz, let’s go back to Andy’s.
6) 233) dialog: So long suckers! (looks at skylight) So long Bullseye! (stops, considers) Bullseye!
6) 248) dialog: (delighted) Guys! Guys! (beat) How did you...
6) 252) dialog: (frenzied) Can’t explain! Gotta go! Climb on this line! of We hear a key UNLOCKING the display room’s deadbolt.
6) 255) dialog: (losing it) Get on the linet The toys grab the line. Above them, Buzz STRAINS with all might to haul Hamm, Rex, Potato Head, Slinky, Woody and B up to the skylight. Buzz can barely move it. Just then the Prospector and Cactus jump down from the sk landing on their pillows. The Prospector and Cactus grab Woody’s boots, trying to pull the group down.
6) 275) dialog: I had a feeling it was you. c’mon! He motions for the toys to climb into the trunk. They do. INT. AL’S CAR - TRUNK - CONTINUOUS
6) 276) dialog: Come to see us off at the airport?
6) 278) dialog: How can a toy stop a two ton car? Woody looks at hat, gets inspired.
6) 279) dialog: Buzz, grab my feet. Buzz doesn’t understand, but holds Woody’s feet and lower head first, down to the tailpipe. . ANDY’S TOY: (ad lib) a What’s he doing? He’s got a death wish. Etc... to,
6) 280) text: 61 Woody’s head is just a few inches above the rushing concr tries to shove his hat into Al’s tailpipe. aAs the car sw Woody swings back and forth, missing the tailpipe a few t The car hits a bump. Buzz drops Woody.
6) 281) dialog: Whoocoaa! Woody falls, grabs onto the tailpipe. His feet are dangli than an inch above the speeding concrete. WOODY‘S POV - LOOKING AHEAD FROM UNDER CAR An old muffler on the road approaches rapidly. Woody pull legs up just as WHOOSH! the muffler flies by underneath. Woody holds on to the tailpipe with one hand. With the ot removes his hat.
6) 282) dialog: Collect this, Al! Woody crams his hat into the tailpipe. INT. AL‘'S CAR = CONTINUOUS Al is driving. Suddenly, the car’s engine begins to sputt aL Oh no, not now. Not today!
7) 0) text: Al’s car lurches into the gas station. Al gets out, close door. He hurries to the front and checks under the hood. Meanwhile, Woody hops down from the tailpipe. He removes charred, blackened hat from the pipe, puts it back on. He back up to the trunk. When he gets there, he’s surprised Andy’s toys are gone. INT. AL’S CAR - CONTINUOUS The armrest on Al’s back seat is slowly slid out, opening from the trunk to the back seat. Buzz, Rex, Potato Head, and Slinky slip quietly into the interior of Al’s car.
10) 10) dialog: Al! Aww, now what! Woody looks around the trunk, then smiles as he gets an i rips open the "Woody’s Roundup" paraphernalia box.
11) 5) dialog: Sorry Al! You can’t have me, but you can still have your Woody pez dispensers! Woody tosses some Woody-shaped pez dispensers out of the He‘s not watching the Prospector’s and Senorita Cactus’ b behind hin. Senorita Cactus rips a hole in her box, struggles wearily out. She punches a hole in the Prospector’s box, and he s out of his box. He's panting, out of breath.
11) 8) dialog: Giving Al his junk back. (gestures to Pizza truck, then he stops and thinks) Wait a minute... If Al is back there... then who’s driving the...
11) 10) dialog: Wow! Guys, I know you’re going stir crazy, but isn’t this a little extreme? :
11) 15) dialog: Crawl back to your boxes, you've already lost. You want to know why? Because... Woody puts on his hat. It’s a charred mess. wooDy (proudly) I am worthless! andy’s toys APPLAUD. The Prospector and Cactus GASP.
11) 17) dialog: ++-etoy? That’s right. Just then...
12) 0) text: From the TOLL TAKER’S viewpoint we see the car coast up. window rolls down. The toll taker looks in; there are no in the car, just lifeless toys. But the dinosaur is leani the window with a dollar bill between its teeth. The toll grabs the dollar, and the window rolls up. The car drives INT. AL‘S CAR - CONTINUOUS The toys spring back to life as the car pulls out onto a overhead-girder bridge. wooDy (laughing) Pretty good. That gives hin something to tell his grandkids.
13) 11) dialog: Andy’s street! Way to go, guys! INT. AL‘S CAR - CONTINUOUS Woody jumps down through the moonroof onto the front Seat followed by Bullseye. Woody sees Buzz at the wheel. woODY : Alright, Buzz! Pull over by Andy’s house on the right.
13) 20) dialog: Hello, you beautiful house! Bullseye, you’re gonna love it here... Slinky looks up to see Mrs. Davis’ minivan approaching fr down the street.
13) 27) dialog: Sarge? (brightens) Sarge! Great idea! The minivan pulls in the driveway. Andy gets out, walks t the front door.
14) 0) text: Woody, Bullseye, Buzz step on the roof and begin running window. Bo Peep and the rest of the toys are waiting with window open. INT. ANDY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Andy's POV as he reaches the second floor and runs to his INT. ANDY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS The toys climb in the window. Bo Peep greets Woody.
14) 2) dialog: What message? Bo Peep gives Woody a kiss. woopy (delirious) Thank you, Buzz! The toys hear ANDY’S FOOTSTEPS and resume their positions WHAM! The door opens. Andy bounds in, sees the toys just left then.
14) 7) text: There’s a secret mission in uncharted space. Let’s go. Andy spreads Buzz’s legs apart and hops him on Bullseye b Woody. Andy pulls Woody’s string.