12) 0) text: ANGELA is dressed in her white bridal gown and veil. She plump, pretty, with a solemn, round face and big brown ey ANGELA leans forward into a mirror.
12) 1) dialog: (sincerely) I do. A pause. ANGELA scowls and tries it again.
12) 2) dialog: (heartfelt) I do. ANGELA tries it a few more times. It sounds worse and wor
12) 3) dialog: I do, I do, I do!!! ANGELA stares at herself. Now she looks desperate and unrelievedly forlorn. Bursting into tears she throws hers on the bed. Someone has slipped a photograph under the pillow. The photograph is face down and as ANGELA pulls i out she sees that something is written on the back:
12) 4) dialog: (reading, slow) "This is it -- more or less... Love, Mom." ANGELA frowns, turns the photograph over. It is a picture Michaelangelo's "David". ANGELA stares at the figure for long, long moment...
12) 5) dialog: Oh, wow.
24) 0) text: SAL and ANGELA stand facing each other as the PRIEST read the Holy Sacrament of Marriage.
26) 0) text: NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN join with the BRIDESM to assist the PRIEST in the crowning of SAL and ANGELA. The PRIEST crowns SAL first.
27) 0) text: The Band is going full blast and the whirling COUPLES, yo and old, are laughing. We see SAL and ANGELA, NICK and LINDA, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN. The only one of the group not dancing is MERLE. MER is drinking, standing alone on the side of the floor chug beer in tense, rapid-fire gulps. We sense immediately tha feels out of place, at a loss to join spontaneously in th spirit of the party. MERLE finishes the beer, crumples th can and starts on another. As he picks up the second can notices that a SAD-LOOKING GIRL is sitting against the wa behind him, waiting for someone to ask her to dance. The LOOKING GIRL gives MERLE a smile. MERLE pretends not to s and moves behind a post.
28) 0) text: The wedding cake that was carried in earlier has now been attacked from all sides, but the miniature bride and groo are still standing in the middle. Unnoticed by each other SAL'S MOTHER and ANGELA'S MOTHER eye the little figures. women are in rather teary condition and begin moving towa the cake. Suddenly, as the CROWD shifts, they encounter e other face to face. Smiles are exchanged -- strained smil which get stretched and stretched and stretched. Then, in unison, they desert the smiling and remove their respecti offspring from the cake. SAL'S MOTHER looks down at her s coated groom and ANGELA'S MOTHER looks down at her sugar coated bride. Then they eye each other, burst into tears throw themselves in each other's arms, moaning and sobbin
36) 0) text: The GUESTS have formed in a long double line which extend from the dance floor right out into the street. Everyone pretty drunk and they are all armed with streamers and ba of rice. As SAL and ANGELA appear from out of a back room there is a great rowdy CHEER. The MUSICIANS strike up a MARCH. Followed by the MUSICIANS, showered with streamers rice, advice and encouragement, SAL and ANGELA walk the gauntlet toward the street, where a glossy, bright red Pontiac with headers and straight pipes is being revved i series of ear-splitting crescendos.
38) 0) text: SAL and ANGELA emerge to more CHEERS and a shower of streamers and rice. ANGELA is helped into the Pontiac on right. NICK throws an arm around SAL and walks him around the driver's seat.
39) 0) text: SAL looks over at ANGELA.
125) 0) text: The room is very dark. ANGELA sits at a lace-covered tabl the window where a street lamp illuminates her in an eeri glow. ANGELA holds a portable radio in tier hand, a very one, and she fiddles with the dial, going from one statio another. There is a sound from the hallway, then SAL'S MOTHER come with NICK.
125) 2) dialog: You're back.
125) 4) dialog: I'm glad. Seriously... I'm very glad.
125) 6) dialog: Sure. Why not.
125) 8) dialog: Nick, he's fine. He's in a hospital and they're fixing him up.
125) 10) dialog: Oh, sure... Twice a day.
125) 12) dialog: Nick... Sal is very weak. He suffered a severe wound... and right now he doesn't want a whole lot of people to get involved in a whole thing.
125) 14) dialog: He doesn't want people bugging him, Nick! ANGELA begins to tremble, jabs out her cigarette and stan up. She stares at NICK for a moment, goes to a telephone pad writes down a number in a tiny, nearly illegible scrawl. comes up behind her. ANGELA finishes, puts down the pen a stands with her back against the wall. NICK tears off the piece of paper, looks at it, puts it in his pocket.
125) 16) dialog: Did you ever think life would turn out like this?
125) 18) dialog: You know what Sal's got now?... Sal's got... one arm, Nick, and... that's it. The door to the kitchen bangs open and SAL'S MOTHER comes with an electric toaster and a screwdriver.