3) 0) text: Another car lunges up the hill, gets about halfway and sl back. As the car disappears, the door to one of the house bursts open and a group of giggling BRIDESMAIDS begin scampering across the street. They have all been working their dresses, which are not completely finished, and the all carry ribbons and scissors and pieces of material. As they make their way to the other side of the street they wave away the snowflakes and grab each other for support. of the BRIDESMAIDS loses her dress entirely and with ever laughing she rushes back to retrieve it in her slip. When garment is repossessed a door comes open and the BRIDESMA disappear inside. CAMERA HOLDS ON COLUMBINE STREET. The snow slants across little stores and piles on the gables of the tipsy little houses. Another car appears, lunges at the hill and slide back. Suddenly the door to the bakery comes open and a gr of OLDER WOMEN emerge carrying a huge wedding cake with a miniature bride and groom standing on the top. The WOMEN all in their fifties and bundled in boots and dark overco They begin moving slowly up the street, in the driving sn with the great white cake held firmly between them.
14) 0) text: LINDA is thin -- a skinny slip of a thing with a haunting lovely face. Wearing her bridesmaid's dress she stands al in the kitchen, staring at the ceiling. Thumping noises a coming from the room above. The thumping gets louder. There is a crash, then another crash, as if furniture wer being thrown around. A MAN'S VOICE begins cursing and the is more thumping and crashing. Suddenly there is a thud.. and then silence. LINDA bites her lip. She crosses to the stove, ladles ste into a bowl, butters bread, pours a cup of tea and puts i all on a tray.
22) 12) dialog: Albert, what are you doing!
22) 13) dialog: Hurry up, you guys!
22) 14) dialog: Who's got their carnations?
22) 15) dialog: Here. They're right here.
22) 16) dialog: Look at you! You're all a mess!
22) 17) dialog: Put on their carnations!
22) 18) dialog: Who's got a pin? As the BRIDESMAIDS begin straightening ties and putting o carnations, NICK hears someone call his name. He turns to find LINDA standing beside the trailer where she can't be seen. She looks pale and very frightened and she holds a small suitcase in her hand.