14) 0) text: LINDA is thin -- a skinny slip of a thing with a haunting lovely face. Wearing her bridesmaid's dress she stands al in the kitchen, staring at the ceiling. Thumping noises a coming from the room above. The thumping gets louder. There is a crash, then another crash, as if furniture wer being thrown around. A MAN'S VOICE begins cursing and the is more thumping and crashing. Suddenly there is a thud.. and then silence. LINDA bites her lip. She crosses to the stove, ladles ste into a bowl, butters bread, pours a cup of tea and puts i all on a tray.
15) 0) text: The room is a wreck of broken furniture. Chairs are turne over, lamps are smashed and the pictures hang cockeyed on wall. In the middle of the room, face down on the floor, LINDA'S FATHER. His coat is torn, one shoe is missing and holds a half-empty bottle in his hand. Behind him, throug the open window, snow is blowing in. LINDA comes in with the tray. She stands for a moment expressionless, looking down at her father. Then she sets tray on the bureau and kneels beside him.
15) 1) dialog: Daddy?
15) 5) dialog: Daddy...! Daddy, it's me!
22) 20) dialog: Hi. (forces a smile) Nick, your shoes are soaking.
22) 22) dialog: (tries to toss it off) Oh... You know... She fights against it but the tears begin to come. NICK l around, pulls her inside the trailer.
23) 0) text: NICK clears a place on the couch. LINDA sits, holding her suitcase in her lap.
23) 1) dialog: (with great effort) I was just wondering... Nick... You're going hunting... If I could use this place to stay, because...
23) 3) dialog: I'd want to pay you... and I was thinking --
23) 5) dialog: I would want to pay you, Nick... and I was thinking --
23) 7) dialog: (very small, looking into his eyes) What?
23) 9) dialog: (after a long, long moment) Okay.
23) 12) dialog: Who else, dummy? NICK stares at her. He can still hardly believe it.
23) 15) dialog: (eyes closed, loving him) I don't know! I don't know either!
27) 0) text: The Band is going full blast and the whirling COUPLES, yo and old, are laughing. We see SAL and ANGELA, NICK and LINDA, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN. The only one of the group not dancing is MERLE. MER is drinking, standing alone on the side of the floor chug beer in tense, rapid-fire gulps. We sense immediately tha feels out of place, at a loss to join spontaneously in th spirit of the party. MERLE finishes the beer, crumples th can and starts on another. As he picks up the second can notices that a SAD-LOOKING GIRL is sitting against the wa behind him, waiting for someone to ask her to dance. The LOOKING GIRL gives MERLE a smile. MERLE pretends not to s and moves behind a post.
30) 0) text: NICK comes off the floor with LINDA and throws an arm aro MERLE.
30) 2) dialog: (puzzled) Sure.
30) 4) dialog: (laughing) I don't know.
30) 7) dialog: (laughs) It's okay, Merle. NICK swings by with the SAD-LOOKING GIRL and waves.
30) 9) dialog: (nods) Yes. MERLE doesn't say anything for a moment. He seems to be trying to contain a floodtide of emotion.
95) 0) text: Banks of telephones line the wall. Stretching out from th telephones are long, ragged lines of SERVICEMEN waiting t call home. The room is huge, full of echoes. Re-enlistmen posters are plastered everywhere and CANNED LATIN MUSIC i playing. NICK stands in one of the lines with only one person in f of him. He looks anxious. He takes out his wallet again, peers intently at LINDA'S PHOTOGRAPH, then puts it back. NICK takes a half-step forward -- staring at the telephon and then he stops, frozen with fear.
107) 0) text: We see the OLD PRIEST on his way from the church. We see OLDER WOMEN, wrapped in shawls and carrying cakes and cookies, trudging up the hill. We see ALBERT, JOHN and a bunch of STEELWORKERS, all of them half-bombed, dragging cases of beer on a child's sled. We see LINDA peering out trailer window, pale and anxious-looking. We see VINCE, w is unofficial lookout, jumping up and down at the approac every car and screaming, "This is it! This is Nick!" and then, when it isn't, saying, "Not yet! Just hold your wat I'll tell you when!" And we see an empty street into which SIX VETS from the V Post come tottering. The VETS are all in their old unifor While three of them attempt to make MUSIC on a BASS DRUM, FIFE and an old Army BUGLE, the other three attempt to si
108) 0) text: NICK sits hunched forward in the back seat surrounded by unwrapped cartons containing electric appliances he has bought for LINDA. NICK looks nervous, VERY NERVOUS. Suddenly, as the cab comes over the crest of a hill, the trailer looms into sight, straight ahead, with VINCE hopp up and down in the snow and the OLD VETS all marking time under the flapping banner.
109) 0) text: LINDA is outside, standing with VINCE and ALBERT.
118) 0) text: Cakes, cookies, six-packs of beer and bottles of wine cov almost every inch of available space. LINDA sits on the little settee, wedged between two cases of Coca-Cola and hunched over a white sweater which she is attempting, wit painful slowness, to knit. LINDA is trying not to cry. Sh trying her God-damnedest. There is a knock at the door. LINDA freezes. Then, trying be totally matter-of-fact, she puts down the sweater, cro to the door and opens it.
118) 2) dialog: (throws herself in his arms) Nick! Oh, Nick, you're back! She hugs him for a moment, as hard as she can, then they apart.
118) 3) dialog: I thought... Oh, Nick, I thought you were hurt, some accident. Maybe you fell or maybe some car... (back in his arms) I thought someone stole you away!
118) 5) dialog: Oh, Nick! Oh I missed you so! They pull apart.
118) 6) dialog: How are you?
118) 8) dialog: Fine. I just go along, you know. Down at the market. Back here. I mean it just seems there's a million things to do!... Are you sure you're all right? I mean, what about the wound?
118) 10) dialog: But --
118) 12) dialog: I made you a sweater.  (she gets it) Here... You have to take that off. NICK removes his coat. LINDA pulls the sweater over him
118) 13) dialog: I couldn't remember your exact size. The sweater is huge, a great rumpled thing reaching almos NICK's knees.
118) 14) dialog: (smoothly) Oh, that's fine. Perfect... It is a little too big...  (she pulls the sweater back off) ... but I can easily fix that. Easily. One thing about wool sweaters, they are such a cinch to fix. She crosses to a garbage pail out of NICK's line of sight stuffs the sweater in it.
118) 16) dialog: Great. Fine... Once or twice it did fall off the blocks. I don't know what that's from.
118) 18) dialog: Is that what it is? I couldn't figure out.
118) 20) dialog: Oh, no. It just kind of goes thump. Would you like a Coke? You don't drink Coke. Or maybe you do. What about champagne? Let's have champagne! I don't think we have champagne. Let's have this. See? Sparkling. I'll get you an opener. Oh, that's right. No opener. Let's just have beer. Do you want some cheese? Or maybe eggs? Maybe we should have coffee. She begins to sob. CAMERA CLOSES ON HER FACE:
118) 21) dialog: Nick? I'm so glad you're alive! I'm so happy! I... I just don't know what to do!
119) 0) text: NICK and LINDA are some distance away. NICK is shaking ha with an ENTHUSIASTIC MAN while LINDA stands to one side, watching his face, and so full of love that she seems abo to burst. ANOTHER MAN comes over. LINDA takes the MAN's a and presents him to NICK.
120) 0) text: NICK and LINDA sit opposite one another. Across the stree coal train is rumbling slowly by and NICK is watching it. cars are black, interchangable, and they roll on and on. Suddenly the last car appears. The car passes and there i silence. LINDA gives NICK a smile.
120) 2) dialog: Nick?... I just want to say how sorry I am about Sal and about Merle. How... I know you loved them and I know it's not the same. I mean now.
120) 4) dialog: Maybe... I don't know, if you want to talk --
121) 0) text: The place is full of crates and boxes. ONE CREW is unload a tractor-trailer. ANOTHER CREW is stacking and unpacking NICK stands with LINDA and a red-faced, cigar-chewing MAN who is pumping NICK's hand, slapping him on the back and shouting orders all at the same time.
121) 3) dialog: Oh, it's great. Fine. NICK nods. A STOCK BOY comes by and whistles.
121) 6) dialog: (takes his arm, laughs) No-o-o!
121) 8) dialog: (gently) Nick. It's okay... It's okay. (gives him a squeeze, kisses him) I have to go now. NICK nods.
121) 9) dialog: Pick me up at eight. NICK nods again. LINDA hurries off. The MANAGER comes in behind, clapping NICK on the shoulder and going for his e
129) 0) text: LINDA steps out of the shower and begins to dry herself.
129) 1) dialog: It just seems sort of strange coming to a motel... Like a honeymoon. Or some kind of parlez vous ... Not parlez-vous! (she giggles) What am I saying? That's those cocktails! Parlez-vous!... What I mean is rendezvous. Some kind of rendezvous. LINDA pulls on a short and very sexy nightie, then looks herself in the mirror. She is very excited, very nervous. strikes a pose, pulling up the bottom of the nightie and poking a finger in her mouth.
129) 2) dialog: Do you know what I mean?... Nick? NICK doesn't answer. LINDA pulls the door full open, take one last look at herself and goes out.
130) 0) text: As LINDA comes out of the bathroom her face falls and she stops dead in her tracks. NICK is lying on the bed -- sprawled on his back, one sho off and sound asleep.
130) 1) dialog: Nick? NICK doesn't stir, doesn't budge. LINDA crosses and looks him -- hungrily, top to bottom -- then she gives his toe wistful shake.
130) 2) dialog: Nick...? Nick, it's me! But NICK is out, gone. LINDA lets out a little moan and s down on the chair beside the bed. Then, almost immediatel she stands and begins taking off his clothes. She takes o his shoes, then both socks. As she goes to undo his belt, shirt, which is unbuttoned, falls slightly open, revealin fresh scar. LINDA stares at the scar for a moment, then s slowly exposes the whole of NICK's chest.
133) 0) text: NICK sits on the bed in the back part of the trailer. His hunting gear is piled on the floor, the lights are out an is staring at the telephone which is illuminated through window by a street light on the corner. There is a sound outside, then the lights come on as LINDA enters with groceries.
133) 1) dialog: Nick?
133) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
133) 5) dialog: You're going hunting?
133) 7) dialog: I see you're going hunting. NICK looks at the equipment on the floor.
133) 9) dialog: That's wonderful. I think you should... fresh air. NICK gets to his feet, suddenly. His face is twisted with pain and his voice is cracked with emotion.
158) 9) dialog: (helpless shrug) I don't know.
158) 11) dialog: I'm just so lonely.
158) 13) dialog: (shakes her head) I'll be out... Just leave me. I'll be out. I'm fine. Really. I'm fine. NICK walks back down the aisle between the bright package
160) 0) text: NICK watches the lights go out in the market. LINDA comes of the door and crosses towards him.
160) 2) dialog: Let's make love, Nick. LINDA takes him in her arms and holds him tight.
160) 3) dialog: Let's make love forever!
161) 0) text: LINDA is asleep - lying on her back, arms flung out acros the pillows, like a dancer leaping. NICK stands beside the bed, wrapped in a blanket, looking down at her. After a moment he draws the covers over her, fusses with her slippers until they are straight and then goes to the window.
163) 0) text: NICK backs away from the window. For a moment he stands motionless, hardly able to believe his eyes. He looks ove LINDA, he looks down at a chair, then he pushes his face the window again.
212) 1) dialog: Eat something, Nick. Eat a piece of toast. NICK nods, picks up a piece of toast and then, forgetting about it, lays it absently on his plate. VINCE comes up behind NICK, looking somewhat officious in new blue suit.