4) 0) text: The time clocks are lined against both walls. As a whistl screams to mark the end of the shift thousands of men beg checking out. NICK, SAL and MERLE are right up in the fro ranks and once they have clocked their cards they gather together along the wall.
4) 1) dialog: Where's Vince?
4) 6) dialog: (arm around SAL) Humper's ready. Old humper's hotter'n damn hell!
5) 5) dialog: As soon as you're hitched, Sal. First we get you hitched.
5) 8) dialog: (puts his arm around SAL) It's all right. Hey, it's all right. We'll be right here, right with you. A look at the others...
5) 9) dialog: Won't we? Right? Am I right?
5) 13) dialog: (with a laugh) C'mon. C'mon you guys! They all start into the swirling snow. NICK with an arm around SAL.
8) 0) text: NICK, SAL, MERLE, VINCE and ALBERT are all laughing. NICK at the wheel.
10) 0) text: NICK bends forward over the wheel, peering out through th slapping wipers.
10) 2) dialog: Back! All hands to the rear! ALBERT and MERLE, who are sitting in front, immediately t themselves into the back seat on top of SAL and VINCE.
13) 0) text: The place is packed with boisterous STEELWORKERS drinking boilermakers. Deerheads are mounted in a long row over th bar, and hand-painted murals decorate the walls. The mura depict hunting scenes and display an eerie tone -- at onc comical and frightening -- as if the animals held some se from the hunters, some power beyond their own. JOHN bangs out from behind the bar with a tray of beer. A the same moment SAL comes in with NICK, MERLE, ALBERT and VINCE. JOHN, who is a great bear of a youth, puts down hi tray, wraps his arms around SAL and begins jumping him ar the floor, grinning ear to ear. The STEELWORKERS turn, de their places and swarm around SAL, joking and shouting congratulations.
18) 0) text: NICK, SAL, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN are dancing. The MUSIC is at top volume and the smoke is thick enough to c with a knife. Suddenly, from the back, comes a CHORUS OF SCREECHES AND FEMALE RECRIMINATIONS. The door to the alle bursts open and the HEFTY LADIES WITH TRUNCHEONS appear. STEELWORKERS take one look, gulp their drinks, grab their heads in their hands and rush for the front door.
19) 0) text: The STEELWORKERS stream into the snow with the WOMEN clos behind. Several blows are delivered and the howls of complaint are met with angry commands to hurry and get dressed for Sal's wedding. CAMERA CLOSES ON SAL, who emerges with NICK and MERLE. Th snow hits him a sobering blow and he comes to a stop.
20) 0) text: The trailer is a dented two-tone pink and cream job which looks as if it had been purchased third-hand off a construction site. It stands on cinder blocks in a small which has been cut out of the side of the hill. A wrecked school bus decorates it to the right. On the left is a ba branched tree. NICK's black Cadillac is parked in front a light shows from inside the trailer. CAMERA PICKS UP MERLE who is strolling toward the trailer whistling through his teeth. He is wearing his tuxedo and carries a knapsack and a deer rifle. He mounts the cinder block steps and pounds on the trailer door. NICK opens th door and waves him in.
21) 0) text: The place is cramped, littered with camping paraphernalia deer head is mounted above the sink and NICK, who is half into his tuxedo, is applying waterproofing to a pair of h boots. MERLE smiles, throws his kit on the stove and sits
21) 2) dialog: I know.
21) 4) dialog: Yeah. Pause.
21) 6) dialog: Huh?
21) 8) dialog: So do I.
21) 10) dialog: (nods) Yeah. NICK grins, takes down his rifle and begins wiping the oi off it.
21) 12) dialog: Yeah.
21) 14) dialog: The shot?
21) 16) dialog: I don't think about the shot that much.
21) 18) dialog: (uncertain) Yeah... I guess.
21) 20) dialog: I don't know... I guess I think about the deer... Being out, maybe. I don't know. I think about it all. Hell, I like the trees, you know? I like the ways the trees are, all the different ways the trees are too.
21) 22) dialog: (laughs) Yo-yo! Who's a yo-yo?
21) 24) dialog: (laughs) You're a fucking nut. You know that, Merle? You're a fucking maniac!
22) 1) dialog: Albert! For Christ's sake... John! Wait a minute, you guys!
22) 3) dialog: You gotta hit it here. Here, Albert, not there.
22) 5) dialog: Here. Hit it here. ALBERT hits the trunk in the indicated spot and the lid s open.
22) 8) dialog: Couple of weeks... Listen --
22) 19) dialog: (crosses) Linda...
22) 21) dialog: Linda, what's the matter?
23) 0) text: NICK clears a place on the couch. LINDA sits, holding her suitcase in her lap.
23) 2) dialog: Sure. Are you kidding? Sure.
23) 4) dialog: (kneels in front of her) Linda... Hey, Linda...
23) 6) dialog: Linda, Linda...!
23) 8) dialog: Will you marry me?
23) 10) dialog: Would you? LINDA nods - a solemn nod.
23) 11) dialog: You would? LINDA's lip begins to tremble. Tears stand in her eyes an she gives a little toss of her head.
23) 13) dialog: This is terrific...! This is really terrific! LINDA nods. She is suddenly excited, suddenly radiantly happy. She takes the suitcase off her lap and throws hers in NICK's arms.
23) 14) dialog: I don't know what we've been waiting for!
26) 0) text: NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN join with the BRIDESM to assist the PRIEST in the crowning of SAL and ANGELA. The PRIEST crowns SAL first.
27) 0) text: The Band is going full blast and the whirling COUPLES, yo and old, are laughing. We see SAL and ANGELA, NICK and LINDA, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN. The only one of the group not dancing is MERLE. MER is drinking, standing alone on the side of the floor chug beer in tense, rapid-fire gulps. We sense immediately tha feels out of place, at a loss to join spontaneously in th spirit of the party. MERLE finishes the beer, crumples th can and starts on another. As he picks up the second can notices that a SAD-LOOKING GIRL is sitting against the wa behind him, waiting for someone to ask her to dance. The LOOKING GIRL gives MERLE a smile. MERLE pretends not to s and moves behind a post.
30) 0) text: NICK comes off the floor with LINDA and throws an arm aro MERLE.
30) 1) dialog: Sit with Linda, man, will ya?... Give her a beer. (to Linda with great solicitude) Would you like a beer?
30) 3) dialog: What kind of beer would you like?
30) 5) dialog: (to Merle) Give her Miller's. Miller's High Life. NICK takes off. LINDA sits down at a table and MERLE goes the cooler to get a Miller's. He gropes around in the tub finds one and pops the tab. Suddenly he notices that NICK crossed to the SAD-LOOKING GIRL by the wall. He has stopp in front of her and is asking her something. The SAD-LOOK GIRL gives a blush, gets out of her chair and NICK takes in his arms and begins to dance. The SAD-LOOKING GIRL loo transformed. She begins chattering and laughing. MERLE crosses back to LINDA and gives her the beer. As he pulls up a chair to sit down beside her he stumbles and nearly loses his balance. He is very drunk.
35) 0) text: NICK, SAL and MERLE are standing together, looking at the SERGEANT.
35) 2) dialog: From Nam?
35) 8) dialog: Pow.
35) 10) dialog: Pow.
35) 19) dialog: Is he from here?
35) 21) dialog: Well, where's he from?
35) 24) dialog: Lost???
38) 0) text: SAL and ANGELA emerge to more CHEERS and a shower of streamers and rice. ANGELA is helped into the Pontiac on right. NICK throws an arm around SAL and walks him around the driver's seat.
38) 1) dialog: Don't worry what it says in the book.
38) 3) dialog: Just forget that. Forget what it says in the book.
38) 5) dialog: Great. That's great.
38) 7) dialog: See you Monday.
40) 0) text: MERLE weaves down the street in front of the growling red Pontiac. MERLE is not just running. He is leaping and bounding, as if released from gravity and entered into a realm of pure ethereal space. NICK, ALBERT, VINCE and JOHN pound down the street behind Pontiac, ALBERT carrying MERLE's clothes.
41) 0) text: The road forks, one road going high to a parking area, th other descending to the valley below. MERLE swerves up th incline toward the parking area, while the Pontiac goes straight and disappears down the hill. ALBERT, VINCE and JOHN stagger to a stop, panting helples NICK grabs MERLE's clothes from ALBERT and takes off up t hill.
42) 0) text: MERLE stands motionless, looking out across the valley as NICK approaches. The night is brilliantly clear and the f from the mill light up the sky with an eerie glow. NICK comes to a stop a few feet away.
42) 1) dialog: Merle? MERLE turns. His face has a strange, distant look, and he gives NICK an almost feral grin.
42) 3) dialog: (startled) From Nam?
42) 6) dialog: (half laughing) Merle --
42) 8) dialog: You got it. MERLE lets out his breath. It is as if some great weight been pressing on him.
43) 0) text: NICK'S battered old shark-finned Cadillac comes screaming past.
44) 0) text: NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN, all of them still in tuxedos, are jammed in the car between knapsacks, sleepin bags, six packs of beer and deer rifles.
46) 0) text: NICK is hunched over the wheel, his eyes gone completely glassy. MERLE and VINCE are on the nod, while ALBERT and JOHN, both half asleep, are having a lead-voiced conversation.
47) 0) text: VINCE, ALBERT, NICK and JOHN pile out with their rifles. VINCE immediately slips and falls down.
49) 0) text: VINCE looks down at the three hunters with an expression absolute disgust. He looks at NICK -- flat on his back, pounding his feet, howling -- and then he looks at the de The deer are still watching. If anything they have edged closer and their massed expression of polite curiosity th VINCE into a blind rage.
50) 0) text: The sky is cold -- first light -- with low, wind-driven clouds. CAMERA TILTS DOWN and we see NICK's Cadillac comi up a narrow road flanked by precipitous, heavily forested ridges on both sides.
52) 17) dialog: It's ahead, Vince.
53) 9) dialog: Whee-uu!
54) 0) text: Shots are ringing out in the hills. NICK, ALBERT and JOHN stand by the roadside while VINCE and MERLE glare at each other. VINCE is still in his tuxedo pants, is still weari his dress shoes and is draped in a gigantic red goose dow vest that could only have come from ALBERT. MERLE's knaps lies on the ground in front of him and we can see that it contains a pair of Vibram-soled mountain boots.
54) 22) dialog: (gently, to Merle) Let's hunt.
55) 0) text: The place is about nine-by-twelve. The floor is rotted ou boards are missing from the walls and the entire structur canted to the right. Hanging from the roof peak is a hiss Coleman lantern which sways in the wind. VINCE, ALBERT and JOHN are sacked out, sound asleep. Beer cans -- some old, some new -- litter the floor. Wet cloth most of them bloody, hang from tie-boards and nails. Stru up on the end wall are two deer carcasses, one of them wi knife jammed in it where steaks have been cut out. Snow is blowing in -- dry, crystal bright. It swirls over everything and settles on the sleeping figures on the flo CAMERA DISCOVERS MERLE AND NICK. They are both in sleepin bags, lying on rusted bedsprings at either side of the br door. The wind gusts and moans. The cabin shudders and th there is a sudden lull.
55) 2) dialog: Huh?
55) 4) dialog: Hunt with Vince?
56) 0) text: Traffic is heavy, an unending flow of cars, a river of headlights suspended on a curved concrete trestle which s to float in thin air. Behind is the mill, belching steam ablaze with fire. NICK's Cadillac appears, horn blaring, weaving through th traffic. The car sits low. Trussed to the hood, to the ro to the trunk, are the carcasses of five deer. Rope-ends flutter and bang in the wind. The car shudders and thuds. Inside, grinning maniacally, NICK, MERLE, VINCE, ALBERT a JOHN are all shouting and guzzling beer.
57) 0) text: The Caddy appears, swerving onto Columbine with tires screaming and NICK still leaning on the horn. The guys ar all hanging out the windows, shouting to FRIENDS, whistli at GIRLS and banging a triumphant tatoo on the doors.
69) 4) dialog: Merle?... Jesus, Merle! MERLE turns and looks at NICK. There is no recognition. H seems to be looking right through him. SAL comes up behind NICK.
75) 0) text: NICK is at the table now, opposite a SOUTH VIETNAMESE. He holds the pistol by his chin, spins the cylinder. His fac twitching, dripping sweat and both he and his opponent ar holding onto each other's eyes as if they had been at it a long time. NICK raises the pistol to his temple, CLICKS OUT. The GUA murmur. NICK pushes the pistol across the table.
78) 0) text: A half-dozen SOUTH VIETNAMESE sit huddled together in the muck on the uphill side. A seventh lies sprawled on his b DEAD. The rain pours through the few leaves placed on the roof and splashes in great cascades in the middle of the floor. On the downhill side are SAL, NICK and MERLE. SAL is in a fetal position, gripping his knees and rocking himself ba and forth. His eyes are vacant and his face is fixed in a expression of horror, as if he were still watching the bo the table blow himself away. Beside SAL is NICK. NICK sit slumped against the bamboo. One knee is raised and he is picking at the threads of his trousers where they have to at the knee.
80) 0) text: MERLE turns away from the "pits". He looks down at SAL, t he looks at NICK. His expression is one of exasperation, if he had been having a long argument.
80) 2) dialog: What are you, God?
80) 4) dialog: They bombed last night, right? Didn't they bomb? If they bombed last night, they could bomb tonight. They could be up there right now!
80) 6) dialog: What else?
80) 8) dialog: I'm doing that too.
80) 10) dialog: What do you think?
80) 12) dialog: You're right... Okay, you're right.
80) 14) dialog: (stands) Okay, okay! (he straightens his shoulders) Okay. Okay, you're right... What about Sal?
80) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
80) 18) dialog: Forget Sal?
80) 20) dialog: Merle...
80) 26) dialog: We what?
80) 28) dialog: More bullets in the gun?
80) 30) dialog: (numb) With more bullets?... Against each other?... Are you crazy!!! Are you fucking nuts!!!
80) 32) dialog: How many bullets?
80) 34) dialog: (panic) No way. No fucking way!
80) 36) dialog: No. No way!
80) 38) dialog: (screaming)
81) 0) text: As the PRISONERS emerge from the "tiger cage" the GUARDS smash them with their rifle butts, screaming orders. In t melee SAL is separated from NICK and MERLE, both of whom knocked to the ground by furious blows. When they get to their feet they see that SAL is wandering off alone in th direction of the "pits". One of the GUARDS spots SAL and clubs him down. SAL gets up and begins wandering off again. The GUARD clu him down again, turns to the GUARD IN CHARGE and begins complaining. The GUARD IN CHARGE dispatches a SECOND GUAR help the FIRST and the TWO GUARDS open the bamboo grating one of the "pits". MERLE turns to NICK, who is standing beside him.
83) 0) text: NICK stands motionless, stunned, listening to SAL'S SCREA MERLE has his attention focused on the GUARD IN CHARGE an when he glances in their direction MERLE slugs NICK in th stomach and begins beating him furiously to the ground. N struggles to his feet. MERLE attacks him again and now, a the GUARD IN CHARGE comes over to see what's going on, ME begins hopping up and down, pointing at NICK, pointing at revolver in the GUARD'S hand and screaming.
84) 0) text: MERLE and NICK sit facing one another across the rose patterned kitchen table. The GUARDS are all grinning and the SOUTH VIETNAMESE are watching with grim fascination. has the revolver. He is trembling visibly. Already MERLE managed to draw the GUARDS in closer and as NICK spins th cylinder and cocks the hammer MERLE jumps up and begins pounding on the table.
87) 0) text: MERLE appears carrying NICK on his back. NICK is unconsci and the effort that MERLE has expended to get him this fa can be measured in MERLE'S eves, which burn like dead coa As MERLE approaches, traversing the bamboo grove along th side of a steep hill, we suddenly see SAL, stumbling alon behind and attached to MERLE by a short rope. MERLE comes to a stop, unshoulders NICK and lays him on t ground. As MERLE stands looking at NICK, gasping for brea SAL hunches down and stares at the endless trunks of bamb with an expression of pure terror.
88) 0) text: A huge battle is taking place nearby. The earth trembles shakes and gigantic explosions intermittently light the s MERLE staggers down a ravine with NICK, loses his footing slides to the bottom where he lies in the mud, motionless too tired to move. SAL comes down behind. He is hunched over, like a gnome. rope which MERLE has tied around his neck drags in the mu and his eyes are huge with terror.
89) 0) text: MERLE has dragged SAL from the car and thrown him in the ditch below NICK. SAL is horribly burned and MERLE kneels over him -- out of breath, tears streaming from his caver eyes -- howling with helpless rage.
90) 0) text: REFUGEES are streaming down the road in a desperate, frightened human torrent. There is every imaginable means conveyance -- from bullock carts to motorbikes -- but the vast majority, carrying their meager belongings, are flee on foot. The burned-out car is still in the middle of the road and the great human tide streams around it, as if it were an island. In the distance comes the sound of machin gun fire and mortars are coming in nearby. MEDVAC helicop clatter overhead with wounded strapped to baskets on the skids. Now and then an ARMY CONVOY comes through, blastin the REFUGEES into the ditch. MERLE sits alone on the embankment by the side of the roa NICK and SAL are gone and the area is littered with fresh bandage packages and throw-away medical supplies. Suddenl jeep pulls up with a two-star GENERAL in it.
92) 0) text: The room is tiny, a cubicle furnished with a chair. NICK alone, standing at the window looking out. He wears ill fitting civilian clothes whose colors are too bright for- pallor of his skin. Around his neck is a piece of plastic which is stapled a colored paper marker. Departing aircra thunder overhead and there is the sound of some nearby hydraulic mechanism.
94) 0) text: NICK turns away from the window and sits down in the chai Suddenly the door bursts open and a harassed DOCTOR comes
95) 0) text: Banks of telephones line the wall. Stretching out from th telephones are long, ragged lines of SERVICEMEN waiting t call home. The room is huge, full of echoes. Re-enlistmen posters are plastered everywhere and CANNED LATIN MUSIC i playing. NICK stands in one of the lines with only one person in f of him. He looks anxious. He takes out his wallet again, peers intently at LINDA'S PHOTOGRAPH, then puts it back. NICK takes a half-step forward -- staring at the telephon and then he stops, frozen with fear.
95) 2) dialog: (mumbles) You go ahead. CAMERA HOLDS ON NICK as he turns out of the line and head for the exit under a long row of CLOCKS.
96) 0) text: NICK comes along the sidewalk in a CROWD OF PEDESTRIANS. is drunk and he moves aimlessly, as if he had been drifti along for hours. As he comes to a stop, staring at a SOUT VIETNAMESE who has lost both legs, he fumbles in his pock for a pint of whiskey, empties the bottle and drops it in gutter. Suddenly, across the street, something catches hi eye.
96) 1) dialog: (calling) Sal...! Sal!!! NICK throws himself into the traffic, headlong, without e looking. Vehicles swerve and screech to a stop. NICK dodges betwee them, gains the sidewalk on the other side and claps his on the back of a passing SOLDIER. The SOLDIER turns. It i not SAL at all and the resemblance is not even close.
96) 2) dialog: Sorry... Thought you were someone else. The SOLDIER continues on his way. The CROWD streams on, a of bobbing, brilliant color. NICK gropes in his pocket an produces another pint bottle. He unscrews the cap and dow long swallow.
97) 0) text: The place is very dark. LOUD MUSIC is playing. Partially- BAR GIRLS are dancing with the CUSTOMERS, while above, on kind of trapeze, NAKED GIRLS are performing obscene contortions. NICK sits at one of the tables. By now he is very drunk a BAR GIRL is giving him her undivided attention.
97) 1) dialog: I love Linda, see. I love Linda more than I can even say.
97) 3) dialog: That's right. That's exactly what I mean!
97) 5) dialog: Only,good people love Linda, see. What Linda has, Linda --
97) 7) dialog: (stares at her) You mean...?
98) 0) text: The BAR GIRL comes around the corner with NICK, guiding h to a flight of narrow stairs. She has one hand around his waist and the other down the front of his pants.
98) 2) dialog: Linda, yeah.
100) 0) text: NICK spins away from the window.
100) 1) dialog: Hey... Hey, elephants! Look at those elephants! The BAR GIRL stares at him.
100) 2) dialog: Linda loves elephants! Linda... she loves 'em! NICK turns and charges back down the corridor with the BA GIRL hot on his tail.
100) 4) dialog: Elephants! Make way... I gotta get elephants!
101) 0) text: NICK paces up and down in front of the OLD MAN and his ceramic elephants.
101) 1) dialog: Great... These are great. I wanna tell you these are great elephants! I'm going home, see... Stateside in a few days and my wife Linda, she loves elephants. She... she has a thing for elephants because elephants... Elephants go on. You know what I mean? They go right on. I don't know if they cry. Maybe at night. I mean... What I mean is my two best buddies are dead, see, MIA, who knows, and they would have liked some elephants also because... How much are these elephants? I mean let's talk elephant. (notices a GROUP OF STREET
101) 3) dialog: Everyone take an elephant! (to the YOUNGEST URCHIN) You know how to carry an elephant? (the URCHIN nods) That's what I thought. Right off I figured you as that kind of guy. Hey, wait a minute, I gotta get change. Take an elephant! Everyone take an elephant and then form up. Right here. Over here, like this, in a nice long elephant line... Good. That's good. Man, look at all these elephants! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten... eleven elephants! (surveys them) Hey, but you gotta stand tall to carry elephants. (he illustrates) Better. That's better. I mean... God damn, I mean that's elephants now! Wait. Now you wait while I get change. NICK dives into a nearby bar.
102) 0) text: The place is as dark as the one before. MUSIC BLASTS from jukebox and two vaseline-covered GIRLS are dancing. As NI crosses to the bar to get change there is a WHISTLING SCR and then the FRONT WALL OF THE BUILDING DISINTEGRATES IN ROAR OF NOISE. NICK pulls himself out of the debris. There is absolute silence in the WRECKED BAR but rockets are coming in all the city and the EXPLOSIONS rumble and roar.
103) 0) text: A nearby building is burning fiercely. The street is dese except for the sprawled CORPSES of the STREET URCHINS whi lie this way and that, like broken dolls. NICK walks out past the CORPSES. The street is littered w fragments of broken ceramic -- gleaming, pure white, like chunks of snow.
104) 0) text: The sky is alight with fires. Now and then HUGE EXPLOSION rock the night and SIRENS wail. A lone figure appears, walking down the middle of the str As the figure approaches we see that it is NICK.
104) 1) dialog: (toneless, over and over) Hey, hey, the wind does blow.  Hey, hey, the snow does snow.  Hey, hey, the rain does rain... NICK swallows, as if to force back some overwhelming emot Then, squatting down under a lamp post, he begins again.
104) 2) dialog: Hey, hey, the wind does blow. Hey, hey, the snow does snow... NICK takes out his wallet, opens it hurriedly to the PHOTOGRAPH OF LINDA and peers at it with a kind of feroci determination, as if this link were the last, as if by staring at it hard he could make it hold.
104) 3) dialog: (his voice thin, cracking) Hey, hey, the wind does blow. Hey, hey, the snow does snow -- There is the sharp report of a pistol SHOT and then, as N spins, staring at a shuttered building, there is the unmistakable sound of APPLAUSE. NICK stares at the building for a long moment, then he crosses toward it.
105) 0) text: A tiny light glows inside a paper lantern. Lying on the around are three CORPSES, all of them Asian, all of them expensively dressed and all of them with their heads blow off. As NICK stands looking at them a door comes open on back of the building,and TWO BURLY MEN bring out another corpse. The body is that of a young American. Like the As he is expensively dressed and he is dead from a bullet in right temple.
105) 5) dialog: I... No. You do this for money?
105) 7) dialog: Up north.
105) 9) dialog: Playing.
105) 11) dialog: We... Three bullets.
105) 14) dialog: Nick.
105) 16) dialog: I have to go.
105) 18) dialog: No, I --
105) 20) dialog: I have to go.
105) 23) dialog: See, I'm going home.
105) 25) dialog: (gives him a look and sits) Yeah... Do you mind if I sit?
105) 27) dialog: (weary, shaking his head) No. None of that.
106) 0) text: The trailer is all decked out with bunting and stuck, lik plum cake, with tiny American flags. Stretching from the trailer to the side of a house across the street is a hug hand-lettered banner which says "WELCOME HOME NICK!" and whips and it snaps in the cold winter wind. NICK's battered old shark-finned Cadillac is in the yard. Alongside it are a bunch of newer cars and PEOPLE are com from all directions, spilling in and out of the trailer a congregating in excited, foot-stomping, half-frozen group
107) 0) text: We see the OLD PRIEST on his way from the church. We see OLDER WOMEN, wrapped in shawls and carrying cakes and cookies, trudging up the hill. We see ALBERT, JOHN and a bunch of STEELWORKERS, all of them half-bombed, dragging cases of beer on a child's sled. We see LINDA peering out trailer window, pale and anxious-looking. We see VINCE, w is unofficial lookout, jumping up and down at the approac every car and screaming, "This is it! This is Nick!" and then, when it isn't, saying, "Not yet! Just hold your wat I'll tell you when!" And we see an empty street into which SIX VETS from the V Post come tottering. The VETS are all in their old unifor While three of them attempt to make MUSIC on a BASS DRUM, FIFE and an old Army BUGLE, the other three attempt to si
108) 0) text: NICK sits hunched forward in the back seat surrounded by unwrapped cartons containing electric appliances he has bought for LINDA. NICK looks nervous, VERY NERVOUS. Suddenly, as the cab comes over the crest of a hill, the trailer looms into sight, straight ahead, with VINCE hopp up and down in the snow and the OLD VETS all marking time under the flapping banner.
108) 2) dialog: That's not it.
108) 4) dialog: That's not it. Keep going. Go straight.
108) 6) dialog: I'm telling you that's not it! Now keep going! NICK throws himself down on the floor.
108) 7) dialog: Just keep going! Just keep going straight!
111) 0) text: NICK stands in the doorway where the driver has left him. duffle bag and the cartons of electric appliances are pil along the wall by his feet. His head is thrown back and h draining a bottle of whiskey, gulping it down in great ra swallows. . NICK lowers the bottle, catches his breath and goes at it again. This time, as he lowers the bottle, the stark pani gone, but there is still fear -- blind, nameless fear, li that of an animal run to the ground. NICK crosses to the window, grips the frame with both han and looks out.
113) 0) text: NICK turns back to the room. He stares at it blankly -- stares at the bed, stares at the bureau, stares at the ch then he picks up the bottle, closes his eyes and begins gulping down whiskey -- gulping it hard, fast, as hard an fast as he can.
115) 0) text: NICK stands half-way down a rickety wooden stairway, watching.
117) 0) text: NICK swallows and starts down the stairway toward the trailer. He hesitates, pulls the bottle from his pocket, drains the last of it and tucks it under the stairs. Straightening up, he claws at his hair, trying to comb it with his fingers. Then he starts down again.
118) 1) dialog: Guess who. LINDA stares at him. NICK gives a little laugh and steps
118) 4) dialog: No.
118) 7) dialog: Fine. I'm fine. How are you?
118) 9) dialog: (anger) That was nothing. That wasn't anything.
118) 11) dialog: It was just the complications. I mean, you take a little thing over there and then you get complications. I mean all the guys had it.
118) 15) dialog: How's the trailer?
118) 17) dialog: Frost.
118) 19) dialog: Did you get hurt? You didn't get hurt?
119) 0) text: NICK and LINDA are some distance away. NICK is shaking ha with an ENTHUSIASTIC MAN while LINDA stands to one side, watching his face, and so full of love that she seems abo to burst. ANOTHER MAN comes over. LINDA takes the MAN's a and presents him to NICK.
120) 0) text: NICK and LINDA sit opposite one another. Across the stree coal train is rumbling slowly by and NICK is watching it. cars are black, interchangable, and they roll on and on. Suddenly the last car appears. The car passes and there i silence. LINDA gives NICK a smile.
120) 1) dialog: It was all for nothing. Do you know that? It was all for nothing. LINDA stares at him. She doesn't know what to say, how to respond. NICK forces a grin, gestures with his hand and shrugs. He picks up the check, stands.
120) 3) dialog: Naw, it's... I mean...
120) 5) dialog: Naw, it's... This guy wants his money.
121) 0) text: The place is full of crates and boxes. ONE CREW is unload a tractor-trailer. ANOTHER CREW is stacking and unpacking NICK stands with LINDA and a red-faced, cigar-chewing MAN who is pumping NICK's hand, slapping him on the back and shouting orders all at the same time.
121) 2) dialog: (to Linda) Does this... I mean, how does this job work out?
121) 5) dialog: What do they... bother you!?
121) 7) dialog: I'll kill 'em. Anybody bothers you, I'll kill 'em!
122) 0) text: NICK stands by the entrance to the mill. It is cold and h looks as if he had been waiting for some time. Suddenly STEELWORKERS begin streaming out the doors, heading for t cars. NICK cranes his neck and then he catches sight of ALBERT and VINCE.
122) 1) dialog: Hey, Albert! ALBERT turns. He grabs VINCE and pulls him through the departing STEELWORKERS.
122) 7) dialog: I got delayed. I --
122) 13) dialog: I'm fine. Hey, I'm fine. THEY start for the cars.
122) 14) dialog: How're you guys... I mean, how've you guys been?
122) 17) dialog: Married?
122) 20) dialog: (after a beat) Well, who'd you get married to?
122) 24) dialog: Cynthia! Sure.
122) 26) dialog: (fast recovery) Cynthia! Hey, that's terrific. I mean... Great! That's really great!
122) 28) dialog: What the hell's that for?
122) 31) dialog: You mean...?
122) 34) dialog: (nods) Hey... hey, let's drink!
123) 0) text: NICK comes through the CROWD OF STEELWORKERS shaking hand The STEELWORKERS treat him with immense respect. There ar cracks; there are no jokes. They squeeze his shoulder, pa his back, reaching out for him, touching him.
123) 3) dialog: Fine. Hey, I'm fine.
124) 0) text: NICK sits at the bar flanked by VINCE and ALBERT. Both VI and ALBERT are completely glassed out. Behind, in the boo three or four STEELWORKERS are sleeping. JOHN moves aroun behind the counter wiping things off.
124) 2) dialog: Rough. (he nods) We didn't have to do it, John.
124) 4) dialog: No. How's Angela? How's she taking it?
124) 6) dialog: No?
124) 9) dialog: Worse since she talked to who?
124) 11) dialog: Talked to Sal? (stares at him) Sal's alive?
124) 13) dialog: (pushes off the counter) Sal's alive??? JOHN, ALBERT and VINCE exchange glances, nod.
124) 15) dialog: (stares at them) Well, where the hell is he!!! I mean what are we all sitting here for!!! (tears begin streaming down his face)
124) 20) dialog: Why?... What do you mean?... Why???
124) 22) dialog: But Sal's mother! What about Sal's mother!
124) 24) dialog: (stares at them) Oh, Jesus. He walks in a circle and then stops, staring at them.
124) 25) dialog: Oh, Jesus!!! NICK turns and goes out.
125) 0) text: The room is very dark. ANGELA sits at a lace-covered tabl the window where a street lamp illuminates her in an eeri glow. ANGELA holds a portable radio in tier hand, a very one, and she fiddles with the dial, going from one statio another. There is a sound from the hallway, then SAL'S MOTHER come with NICK.
125) 3) dialog: Yeah.
125) 5) dialog: Angela, I just heard Sal was alive.
125) 7) dialog: Where? Where is he?
125) 9) dialog: You talk to him?
125) 11) dialog: What hospital is he in? Where?
125) 13) dialog: Hey, Angela, Sal and I go back a long way.
125) 15) dialog: Angela...? ANGELA laughs and gives a strange, twisted smile, avoidin NICK's eyes.
125) 17) dialog: No.
126) 0) text: NICK sits on the steps with the toaster that Sal's mother gave him in his lap. It is snowing and from inside the ch we hear the CHOIR SINGING. The sound is massive, deep and dark, like a great river rolling through the night. CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK. He is staring at something, tears glistening in his eyes.
130) 0) text: As LINDA comes out of the bathroom her face falls and she stops dead in her tracks. NICK is lying on the bed -- sprawled on his back, one sho off and sound asleep.
131) 0) text: NICK stands at the handle of a long metal rod. At the oth end of the rod ALBERT and VINCE are attaching metallic strips. When ALBERT and VINCE have secured the strips the signal to NICK and all three of them lower their goggles. CAMERA PULLS SLOWLY BACK. NICK is standing below a furnac which is seven stories high, towering above him into a ma of cat-walks and monstrous steel-hipped cranes. ALBERT and VINCE give a signal and the CRANE OPERATOR rai the door at the bottom of the furnace. NICK is now alone, standing like Don Quixote with his lance. As NICK advance toward the base of the furnace with his rod the surface o his asbestos suit begins to smoke and bits of lint which stuck to it burst into flame. Within reach of the furnace now, NICK pauses. Then, lifting the metal rod, he jams it through the open doorway at the base of the furnace. Ther a white flash as the metallic strips explode and then a geyser of molten steel erupts in a huge jet through the doorway, passing NICK at the level of his shoulders and showering him in a great cascade of white sparks.
132) 0) text: NICK sits at the bar, silent, hunched over a beer, lost i thought. All around him STEELWORKERS are shouting, yellin cracking jokes. After a moment VINCE pushes in, claps him the back.
132) 2) dialog: (forced enthusiasm) Great. Feels great... Fuckin' A!
132) 4) dialog: Naw. (shakes his head) Uh-huh.
132) 6) dialog: No.
132) 8) dialog: Never one.
132) 10) dialog: One, Vince... you have to understand, doing it with one... would be... like nothing. They're small, see, so if you're smart you get about six or eight. I mean, if you want to have any fun.
132) 12) dialog: (lowers his voice) They have these little sticks, Vince. They call them "chomp chomps", and when you get these girls going, you have to stick 'em in their mouths. VINCE stares at NICK. His respiration is up, his mouth is bone dry and his eyes are as big as saucers. For a moment belief is total, then a frown crosses his face.
132) 14) dialog: (nods) Yeah.
132) 16) dialog: Sure.
132) 31) dialog: In the timeless words of Squire Albert... VINCE cracks up, howling.
132) 33) dialog: In the timeless words of Squire Albert...
133) 0) text: NICK sits on the bed in the back part of the trailer. His hunting gear is piled on the floor, the lights are out an is staring at the telephone which is illuminated through window by a street light on the corner. There is a sound outside, then the lights come on as LINDA enters with groceries.
133) 2) dialog: Right here. LINDA crosses to the doorway.
133) 4) dialog: Oh. Nothing... Sitting.
133) 6) dialog: (blankly) What?
133) 8) dialog: Yeah... All the guys, we're all going huntin'. Like we did. You know? Like we always used to.
133) 10) dialog: You know how sometimes you're going along... You're going along... And that's all...! One thing is right after another, like steps... And you step along. NICK can hardly breathe. It is as if he were choking.
133) 11) dialog: I don't know where that is... It's gone! That's gone! A car pulls up outside. The HORN begins blowing, then VIN and ALBERT begin pounding on the wall of the trailer.
133) 14) dialog: I gotta go. NICK swings his pack on his back, picks up his rifle and heads for the door. LINDA follows, still clutching her groceries, her emotions so pulverized she can't even spea
133) 15) dialog: I'll be... I don't know... Couple of days.
134) 0) text: Snow is blowing, swirling past the trunks of stark, ice covered trees. There is no horizon. Sky and earth are bou in a moan of wind, in the faint creak of frozen limbs and whispering, fitful, spinning flakes. NICK appears, suddenly, as a gust of wind shifts the slan snow. NICK is moving easily, heading slightly uphill, following the contour of the slope. As he draws closer we that he is following a SET OF FRESH TRACKS.
135) 0) text: A magnificent SEVEN POINT BUCK stands by a grove of hemlo looking down the slope. NICK appears below, barely visible in the swirling snow. The BUCK watches NICK for a moment, then turns unhurriedl and vanishes into the trees.
137) 0) text: The wind is much stronger, moaning in the trees. NICK appears, moving fast, at a near trot. Suddenly he stops, listening. At the same moment there is a snort. NICK whee The BUCK is behind him, bounding away.
138) 0) text: The BUCK appears, trotting out of the swirling snow. Reac a deadfall the BUCK pauses, looking back, and then turns sharp left and disappears. NICK comes out of the snow. He is winded but still going hard.
139) 0) text: NICK reaches the deadfall, hesitates, then rapidly spring over. As he touches down on the other side there is a growling sound. NICK grabs for the deadfall. The wind shifts and we see t he has stepped onto a boulder which is loosely planted at top of a steep scree slope. As NICK watches, the boulder begins to roll, then to bound, dislodging other rocks and boulders, all of them bouncing and leaping and cracking.. and then falling -- soundless -- over a sheer ledge to unknown depths below.
146) 0) text: The wind is blowing in gusts, slanting the snow first one and then the other. NICK appears in the distance, a black speck in the endless expanse of shifting white. As NICK draws closer we see that he is near exhaustion. H clothes are , caked with snow, his breath comes in a shal gasp and his gait is uneven, favoring one leg. As NICK APPROACHES CAMERA HE FALTERS AND LIMPS TO A STOP. There a no tracks. There is nothing to go by and he hunkers down the driving snow. The wind bangs in from one way, then it shifts and bangs again from another way. Suddenly it stops entirely. In th silence there is a sound -- the click of a hoof on rock. NICK turns. The BUCK is standing on the shoreline, not th feet away, looking down at him. NICK pushes himself to his feet, raises his rifle and sig down the barrel.
146) 7) dialog: (grins) Damn... God damn...
147) 0) text: NICK sits on his haunches with his back against a sheer r face. As he devours a Hostess Twinkie he looks out over a snow-shrouded landscape of such spectacular beauty that i might be something from a dream.
147) 1) dialog: (shouts) Hey! Hey... okay!
148) 0) text: The Coleman lantern hangs from the rafter, rocking in the wind. NICK is propped against the wall, dozing. JOHN is o cold. ALBERT and VINCE are both drunk and arguing bitterl
148) 16) dialog: (grimly) Yeah. VINCE gets to his feet. Blood is streaming down his face.
148) 18) dialog: You loaded it, Vince! I saw you!
148) 20) dialog: The fuck you didn't!... Gimme that! NICK takes the pistol.
148) 22) dialog: I'm going to throw this fuckin' thing away. NICK goes out.
149) 0) text: For a moment NICK stands in the light from the door, listening to the wind. He looks down at the pistol again, then he heaves it into the trees. The wind gusts. The snow swirls and hisses, slipping thro the woods in great streaming wraiths. NICK watches it for a moment, then he turns and goes back
150) 0) text: The trailer is lonely looking, DARK and cold. VINCE pulls into the yard beside NICK's car and skips to a stop. NICK gets out, says a few words to VINCE and everyone laughs. goes around to the trunk, removes his gear, slams the lid pounds on the car. VINCE takes off, thudding over the cur with his load of THREE DEAD DEER. NICK crosses to the trailer and goes inside.
153) 0) text: NICK sits in a little chair by the window, still in his hunting clothes, huddled anxiously over the receiver.
153) 1) dialog: Sal? Sal, it's me, Nick.
153) 3) dialog: Oh. You know. How's it with you?
153) 5) dialog: (he can hardly hear) What's that noise?
153) 7) dialog: What's that noise?
153) 9) dialog: Great. Hey. That's great.
153) 11) dialog: John Wayne's great... Listen, Sal. Jesus. When are you getting out?
153) 13) dialog: (hearing it) What?
153) 15) dialog: Wait a minute. Sal. Hold it. John Wayne's making so much noise I can hardly --
154) 0) text: NICK holds the receiver, staring into it. There is the SO OF WHOOPING, GRUNTING, THUNDERING HOOVES...
154) 1) dialog: Sal?... Sal?
156) 0) text: NICK listens to the SOUND OF THE BUGLES for a moment, the puts the receiver back on the telephone. He stands, walks around in a little circle - pained, terribly upset. His e falls on the clock. It is nearly eight o'clock. He turns, hurries out the door.
157) 0) text: The lot is empty except for scores of abandoned shopping carts which a CLERK is banging together. NICK gets out of his car and goes in.
158) 2) dialog: Thanks.
158) 4) dialog: Oh. Fine.
158) 6) dialog: No.
158) 8) dialog: Linda... Honey, what's wrong?
158) 10) dialog: Hey. Look. There must be something. LINDA looks at him, tears streaming down her face.
158) 12) dialog: C'mon. I've got the car.
159) 0) text: The CLERK is still collecting abandoned shopping carts. T carts crash and clank as the CLERK rams them together. NICK sits behind the wheel, watching the clerk. His hands begin shaking uncontrollably and he gets back out of the
160) 0) text: NICK watches the lights go out in the market. LINDA comes of the door and crosses towards him.
160) 1) dialog: You okay? LINDA nods. NICK fumbles for the door.
161) 0) text: LINDA is asleep - lying on her back, arms flung out acros the pillows, like a dancer leaping. NICK stands beside the bed, wrapped in a blanket, looking down at her. After a moment he draws the covers over her, fusses with her slippers until they are straight and then goes to the window.
162) 0) text: The wind is blowing. Bits of trash skitter and swirl in t frozen ruts and a cat comes by, MEOWING. Suddenly a MAN appears walking slowly down the street. The MAN is elegan dressed in Western attire, wearing a tailored suit with v polished boots and a Stetson hat. As the MAN draws under light of a street lamp he pauses, looking at NICK's trail
163) 0) text: NICK backs away from the window. For a moment he stands motionless, hardly able to believe his eyes. He looks ove LINDA, he looks down at a chair, then he pushes his face the window again.
165) 0) text: NICK hesitates, then he sheds the blanket and pulls on pa shirt, jacket and jams his sockless feet into a pair of slices.
166) 0) text: NICK comes out into the street. There is no one in sight. NICK crosses to the intersection of Columbine.
167) 0) text: No one. Nothing. A beer can rolling in the wind. NICK jams himself against a wall, zippers his jacket. He irked with himself, a little frightened. Suddenly he hear car door close and en engine start up. A black limousine pulls out of a nearby street and comes past him slowly. A CHAUFFEUR is at the wheel. The PASSENGER in back appears to be the MAN he saw, but t MAN is looking out the window on the other side and his f is not visible. As NICK watches, the limousine rapidly gathers speed. The tail lights grow small, then the car dips over a hill and disappears.
170) 0) text: NICK is getting out of a cab. He pays the driver and star toward the building.
171) 0) text: MERLE watches NICK for a moment, his face utterly without expression, then MERLE continues down the stairs.
172) 0) text: NICK is pushing SAL down a walkway.
172) 1) dialog: Sal, we need you. We need you.
172) 3) dialog: We do, Sal. We do... You're the heart. Turns SAL and sits on a bench.
172) 4) dialog: Sal, you're gonna die! You're gonna sit in that corner watching soaps and you're gonna die!... I'm not saying it's gonna be the same. It's not gonna be the same, but whatever it's gonna be we're all gonna do it, Sal. God damn it we are! We are gonna do it!
172) 6) dialog: (nods) I know. It's like coming from the moon. Or Mars. SAL laughs.
172) 8) dialog: Yeah.
172) 10) dialog: No.
172) 12) dialog: I tracked this one, a big buck. God, he was such a beauty--! What's this suitcase here?
172) 14) dialog: Here. Behind you. NICK pulls a suitcase off the rack behind SAL's chair.
172) 16) dialog: Maybe Angela brought you stuff. I know she said -- The suitcase slips over the back of the wall.
172) 17) dialog: Shit! NICK swings up on the wall and then he freezes. The lid o the suitcase has popped open and bundles of money are scattered all down the slope of a steep embankment.
173) 0) text: NICK looks down at the money scattered at his feet. The bundles are made up of hundreds and they are everywhere.
173) 2) dialog: It's not socks, Sal. NICK bends over the suitcase and begins going through loo for identification. There is nothing. As he straightens u notices a wadded-up piece of paper lying beside one of th bundles of bills. The paper is about an inch square. The corners are tatter and it looks as if it had been carried in someone's pocke for a long time. NICK picks the paper up, realizes it is a calling card an unfolds it.
174) 0) text: NICK leans on a railing watching the black, interchangeab cars of a coal train roll slowly by. SAL sits with the suitcase of money in his lap, utterly bewildered, crying.
174) 2) dialog: It's Merle, Sal.
174) 4) dialog: I saw him last night. I thought I was dreaming. I thought I was out of my mind.
174) 6) dialog: Yeah.
174) 8) dialog: Oh cards, maybe. Poker... It's getting cold, Sal. I'm going to take you in. (starts off) We'll call Angela. The guys can help her bring you home... Did I tell you I was going on a trip?
174) 10) dialog: It's okay. Hey, it's okay! Just a week. Just to see Phantom Mary.
174) 12) dialog: Didn't I ever tell you about Phantom Mary?
174) 14) dialog: (starts off again) Well... Phantom Mary's on my mother's side. Naturally no one there admits it because Phantom Mary's pretty weird... You want to hear the whole story?
174) 16) dialog: Like I say, Phantom Mary's pretty weird... Lives alone, lives way out in the middle of nowhere with a cat called Pajamas and a cow called Fred. Well, last week I got a call from Phantom Mary, which in itself was very strange...
175) 0) text: The place is a madhouse of activity. As jets scream overh TROOPS embarking for Saigon are being counted and recount SERGEANTS are yelling off names. CLERKS are typing forms papers. Forklift trucks weave in and out, DRIVERS cursing NICK is back in uniform. He stands at a window watching a transport being prepared for loading. A CLERK comes by, arguing with a SERGEANT. The CLERK sets down his clipboar consult the SERGEANT's papers. NICK picks up the clipboar and moves into the CROWD.
176) 0) text: NICK spots a lone SECOND LIEUTENANT sitting on his gear. OFFICERS are waiting nearby but the SECOND LIEUTENANT see not to know them. NICK moves in close enough to read the SECOND LIEUTENANT' name tag.
176) 1) dialog: (bawling) Biederman! Where's Biederman!
176) 3) dialog: You Biederman?
176) 5) dialog: I got you on this flight, Biederman. Is that right?
176) 7) dialog: Follow me, please.
177) 0) text: NICK walks along briskly with the LIEUTENANT at his side.
177) 1) dialog: Right this way.
178) 0) text: NICK comes to a door, opens it.
178) 1) dialog: Through here.
179) 0) text: The LIEUTENANT walks into the closet and comes to a stop, looking puzzled. NICK comes in behind him, closes the doo and picks up a length of pipe.
179) 1) dialog: Take off the uniform. The LIEUTENANT stares at NICK, dumbfounded.
179) 2) dialog: Take off the uniform, Lieutenant! The LIEUTENANT nods, begins taking off his uniform.
180) 0) text: NICK has changed into the LIEUTENANT's uniform and tied h to a chair. The LIEUTENANT is in tears. NICK is going thr his orders.
180) 2) dialog: (exasperated) Listen, Biederman, I'm going to club you into the floor unless you tell me what the fuck is so important.
180) 4) dialog: Biederman!
180) 6) dialog: When I get to Saigon I'll tell 'em where you are. Slams the door.
182) 0) text: NICK stands in the aisle next to a COLONEL who is peering the window.
182) 3) dialog: Naw.
183) 0) text: A SIREN is screaming in the distance. NICK looks around nervously. The COLONEL is still right in beside him.
184) 0) text: There are jeeps with MP's ahead; there are jeeps with MP' behind. Seated beside NICK is a gigantic MARINE CORPORAL stares rigidly ahead.
187) 0) text: A STRING QUARTET is playing. GUESTS in evening clothes ar drinking champagne. NICK enters with the MARINE CORPORAL and is whisked rapid down a hallway.
188) 0) text: NICK stands in front of a huge range staring down at a ta On the table there is a basket of eggs, an omelette pan a pile of mushrooms. Across from the table six SERVANTS wit napkins on their arms stand waiting with plates.
188) 8) dialog: Pee-pee.
189) 0) text: NICK comes down the corridor behind the MARINE CORPORAL. he passes a straight-back chair standing against the wall picks it up and swings it down on the MARINE CORPORAL'S h The blow is ferocious. The chair splinters into pieces an the MARINE CORPORAL goes down with a dull thud. NICK stands for a moment, looking at him. Then he kneels, removes his pistol and jams it in his belt.
190) 0) text: Three MARINE GUARDS are standing at parade rest by an ope iron gate. As NICK appears in his white chef's hat the GUARDS snap t attention and he walks into the CROWD OF ASIANS streaming outside.
191) 0) text: NICK takes out his wallet, extracts the tattered calling that he found with SAL'S money and dials the number. He l it ring a long time but there is no answer.
192) 0) text: NICK is not sure where he is. Suddenly he stops, recogniz the yard with the little grape arbor where he met ARMAND.
193) 0) text: The yard is grown over. As NICK goes in there comes a low buzz of flies. He trips over something, draws back. Seein candle on the little table under the grape arbor, he cros and lights it. The yard is full of discarded champagne bottles, red velv cushions and rotting CORPSES. NICK leans over one of the CORPSES. The skin is falling away and the eye sockets wri with maggots. NICK straightens, looks around.
193) 1) dialog: Merle!!! The back door to the building is open. NICK draws his pis and goes in.
194) 0) text: NICK finds his way blocked by a door. He steps back, hurl himself against it. The door gives way with a crash and h staggers into the middle of a small stage hung with red velvet curtains and furnished with a table and two chairs Out beyond the proscenium, huddled together in a litter o broken cafe tables, a FAMILY OF REFUGEES stare at him in terror from the other side of a small fire.
194) 1) dialog: (waves pistol) It's okay. The REFUGEES cower back even further.
194) 2) dialog: (screaming) It's okay, God damn it! It's all right! POUNDING and BANGING come from the direction of the front door. NICK crosses...
195) 0) text: NICK readies his pistol, cautiously unbolts the door and jerks it open. The COLONEL FROM THE AIRPLANE tumbles in a falls flat on his back. Standing in the doorway, lit by t headlights of two cars, is a party of U.S. OFFICERS, ARVN OFFICERS and WHORES.
195) 8) dialog: You know a guy named Merle?
195) 10) dialog: Yeah?
195) 12) dialog: Yeah?
200) 0) text: Low bleachers covered in red velvet are set in a semi-cir facing a small stage. The stage is lit with a single, blindingly bright spotlight and is furnished with a table two velvet-covered chairs. Two CONTESTANTS, both of them VIETNAMESE, sit opposite one another. Between them, lying the table, is a revolver. Both CONTESTANTS are dressed in tuxedos. Both wear red numbers on their downstage arm. Although the bleachers are not yet full, eager BETTORS ja the first three rows. Here CLERKS with change trays take bets, signalling each transaction to a MARKER who chalks shifting odds on a large board. CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK, standing in the aisle, staring in disbelief at the evolution of the game he once played. Now a REFEREE enters the stage carrying two strips of sca cloth.
201) 0) text: NICK comes upon a pile of six naked CORPSES with their he blown off. Opposite the CORPSES -- sitting, standing, pac squatting in the dirt -- are a GROUP OF WAITING CONTESTAN Some of these are AMERICAN. Most are SOUTH VIETNAMESE, several of whom have come with WIVES and FAMILIES. A few the contestants are well dressed, most are in rags. THREE THE WAITING CONTESTANTS ARE WEARING TUXEDOS. Suddenly a WOMAN WITH A BABY lets out a shriek. NICK spin TWO BURLY MEN appear, bringing the CORPSE OF THE SECOND CONTESTANT. As the WOMAN WITH THE BABY begins sobbing and screaming with grief the BURLY MEN strip the tuxedo off t SECOND CONTESTANT and then, as each article is summarily removed, they begin dressing one of the WAITING CONTESTAN in it.
201) 3) dialog: I came to see Merle.
201) 5) dialog: Yeah.
201) 7) dialog: Where is he???
202) 0) text: GUESTS are still coming in from the cars, strolling down through the trees in bright coveys and flocks, chattering like birds. Laughter comes from the terrace. Glass tinkles and the ti lanterns bob and sway. NICK appears, hurrying down the steps. Suddenly he stops. MERLE is sitting at a table under a nearby tree. He is al dressed in a tuxedo, watching the arriving GUESTS with an expression of dreamy detachment, as if they were rain dro or snow flakes, or falling stones.
202) 1) dialog: (shouts) Merle! MERLE turns, watching NICK as he crosses toward him. When NICK reaches the table, he stands.
202) 2) dialog: Merle...! Jesus! Hey, how are you?
202) 4) dialog: I did. I... This is stolen. I came back.
202) 7) dialog: Fine. She's fine... Merle, what the hell are you doing?
202) 9) dialog: Merle... Hey, Merle, listen...  (stares at him) Why? For a moment MERLE doesn't answer. His eyes are pale, lik faded robin's eggs, and they seem to look through NICK, a to some landscape far beyond.
202) 12) dialog: Merle...! Merle, wait! NICK starts after them. He can see them ahead, moving rap through a GROUP OF ARVN OFFICERS and WHORES.
202) 13) dialog: Merle!!! NICK sees he can never overtake them directly. He cuts ar to the terrace.
203) 0) text: NICK maneuvers his way down to the end of the terrace.
203) 1) dialog: Excuse me... Sorry... Sorry... Pardon. NICK reaches the end of the terrace. MERLE and the BEAUTI VIETNAMESE GIRL have disappeared.
204) 0) text: NICK sits at one of the tables. The terrace is deserted.
205) 0) text: The gaming tables are utterly deserted. AS NICK WANDERS
206) 0) text: NICK appears at the back of the aisle between the bleache The CROWD is going wild, yelling and screaming. NICK push through a group of BETTORS and then stops. A look of stun relief spreads over his features. On the stage a tall figure stands alone in the spotlight, head bowed in acknowledgement of the OVATION. NICK grins. He begins yelling and screaming along with everyone else. On the stage the tall figure raises his head, pumps his f in the air and begins hooting maniacally.
211) 0) text: The PRIEST completes his reading of the 23rd PSALM. The MOURNERS join in the LORD'S PRAYER. CAMERA CLOSES ON NICK, VINCE, ALBERT, JOHN and SAL. They SAL to the side of the grave. It is awkward. The chair ge stuck and they have to carry it. THEY ALL pick up a handf of dirt and then, following NICK's lead, they throw it in NICK steps back from the grave, nods to the VETS. The VET come to attention. The VET WITH THE BUGLE steps forward a tremblingly, but perfectly, PLAYS TAPS.
212) 0) text: The meal is over. The WOMEN are drinking coffee, the MEN smoking and putting down the beer. There is muted laughte and conversation. NICK sits at the head of one of the tables, flanked by LI and SAL. He looks stunned. His food is untouched, there a tears in his eyes and he hardly seems to know where he is
212) 4) dialog: (very shaky) I just... would like to say a few words... about Merle. I guess Merle always wanted something... I don't know... better. That fucking guy, he saved my Life. He saved Sal's... What Merle liked, he liked things right... But then there wasn't any place for that... that he could find. Tears are streaming down NICK's face and he sits down, looking miserable.