6) 0) text: Mo and Shades step through the sliding doors into a large It’s wide as an aircraft hanger, lit by hanging flouresce and dusty skylights. The remains of gutted electronic equipment and dismember androids are stacked everywhere, mechanical limbs and hyd tubing dangling from the rafters, giving the place the ap of a cannibal's den. ALVY, a dwarf clad in threadbare, gr covered overeralls and holding a spanner in one hand, is over the shivering, partly-animated torso of a malfunctio domestic bot. He looks up from his work at the approachin and grins. ALVY. Well, well, well. Taking a little vacation, huh? Is this authorized? Mo slips the bag of his shoulder. It hits the floor with shifting CLANK.
6) 2) dialog: That's not true, I’m primarily legitimate, now, I'll have you know.
6) 5) dialog: I said primarily legitimate. He shoves the quivering android off the table into a roll tamper. He brushes wood and metal filings from the table- his sleeve.
6) 6) dialog: Put it right here and let's see what you've got. Let me get my glass. Alvy hops down from the bench and scurries into the nethe reaches of the warehouse. Mo hefts the bag onto the bench it. Behind them the warehouse doors open with a tremulant RUM and Shades turn around. A figure is silhouetted against t blazing daylight. It's the nomad. Coming toward them. He hat up to look at them. Speaks in a low voice.
6) 22) dialog: Who was that?
6) 24) dialog: Why doesn't he piss in the street like everybody else? Alvy clambers up onto the bench, rubbing his hands togeth plucks a large magnifying glass from his back pocket.
6) 25) dialog: Now what have you got for me? Mo unzips the bag and turns it over. Metal THUNDERS out. leans over the pile of parts. His eyes widen almost imperperceptibly at the sight of the skull. A pulse of excitement. He glances at the otheres to make sure they notice. Then he shrugs indifferently. Shades picks up the skull again. Now he can peruse it in Alvy’s eyes can’t help but to follow it. He tries to keep voice casual.
6) 26) dialog: Where'd you get that? Mo glances at Shades.
6) 28) dialog: (shrugging) Maintenance drone, probably. Mo furrows his brow doubtfully.
6) 31) dialog: That's the idea. Keeps the scavengers away, Y'see, you got a downed vehicle somewhere in the middle of nowhere, no survivors, you can drop a couple of these and have it put back together in no time. Shades looks the skull in the eye.
6) 35) dialog: Not much I can do with this. I can use the infra-reds. Breadboard up a couple of new circuits. (shrugging) How about thirty C's to take it off your hands?
6) 37) dialog: Hold onto it?! What--- ? Forty C's... Mo eyes him. Half-smiling.
6) 39) dialog: It is! It is worthless! But it's even more worthless to you!
6) 41) dialog: No I wouldn't cheat you, but... but... It is junk, but...what are you gonna do with it?
6) 43) dialog: Wouldn't she rather have a nice ...bouquet of flowers, maybe? They've got some beautiful stuff at the Mart. Just like in the pictures. Smell real good, too. Even die on you after a couple of days. Very convincing. She'd love "em.
6) 47) dialog: Ten C's. That's as high as I go. Mo holds out his hand for it. Alvy quickly counts out sev bills from a greasy roll.
6) 49) dialog: Very funny. Can i help it if my mother picked up a dose in the big one? (calling after) You just wait. All those years out in the zone? Your kids'll make me look like Narcissus!
19) 42) dialog: I gotta see you. Sorry to call so late, but...it's important.
19) 44) dialog: No. It has to be now. I'm talking big bucks, savvy. Meet me at the yard in an hour. And bring the, uh... skull and bones.
19) 46) dialog: Just hear me out. I can't talk over the phone. Too many ears. See you in an hour.
20) 0) text: Alvy sits crouched beside work bench, an island of floure light adrift in the darkened warehouse. He is bent over t bench, raising a jeweler's lens to examine the severed me hand that lies before him. He takes note of an engraved s number, then pushes the hand to the side, rummaging throu sheath of blueprints printed on a dog-eared read-out pape he finds one that clearly matches the hand’s design. He leans closer, examining an intricate schematic diagram charting the hand's wiring. Red lettering is stencilled a one corner of the blueprint: "MARK 13 PROTOTYPE -AUTHORIZ
27) 0) text: The android's severed hand shivers, fingers shifting minu delicately touching the table-top as if trying to orient Alvy is oblivious to the hand movement, too busy studying minutely detailed blueprints spread out before him to not anything else.
29) 0) text: Alvy detects a furtive movement out of the corner of his looks up from his work. The severed hand has vanished. The dwarf starts to his feet, checking the floor, seeing but bare concrete. He lifts the blueprints, searching the tabletop, suddenly bewildered. Behind him the hand scuttles deftly along a rack of spare freezing for Alvy looks around a moment in the shadow of can as then scampering up to perch like a spider on the h deactivated servo-robot. Alvy is already beginning to suspect the truth when he he the soft metallic tapping coming from the shelf behind hi Slowly he turns, half guessing what he is about to see, h beating faster anyway. Then he sees the hand, one finger impatiently against the servo-robot's cranium. The hand seems to know he's watching and freezes once mor
29) 1) dialog: (under his breath) I'll be goddamned... He takes a step closer, pulling on a pair of heavy rubber The hand remains motionless. The dwarf reaches slowly out, biting his lower lip nervou Then his fingers touch it and in an instant the hand is scuttling up his arm, faster than he can move, feeling it toward his face. He recoils, trying to brush it off, but already at his throat and he can feel its steel fingers trying to get a grip on his windpipe. He grabs at the stump of the wrist, frantically trying to hand away. He stumbles back, catching a chair behind his and losing his balance. He cries out, as he goes down, sc at the tabletop as he goes down, but succeeds only in pul blueprints down on top of him. He hits the floor hard an hand is already grasping at his face, feeling for his eye
31) 2) dialog: (thick and muffled)
31) 5) dialog: 
31) 8) dialog: Oh, God...I'm...bleeding...!
31) 10) dialog: It...it was in that pile of junk you sold me. I didn't...I didn't notice it till after you left. It's part of the...Mark 13.
31) 12) dialog: Mark 13. You didn't bring the rest of it?!
31) 14) dialog: It's a more sophisticated version of you.
31) 16) dialog: Uh...well, no. So did I. But then I got my hands on these blueprints. See? Alvy hops eagerly onto the bench seat, pawing through the blueprint pages. Mo steps close to the bench, peering ove shoulder. Alvy keeps one eye on the hand in Mo's grip.
31) 17) dialog: This is the guy who is gonna make you obsolete. You'll be the maintenance drone. (pointing at the hand) He's got three more of those where that came from, as well as four subsidiary arms. More legs than a fucking spider. It's designed to operate in the field, out of radio contact, working on its own initiative, even making its own repairs. It's the closest thing to real artificial intelligence money can buy and it's got just one primary function.
32) 0) text: Alvy turns proudly from the blueprints to Mo.
32) 1) dialog: It can lie dormant for decades and recharge itself anytime from any power grid even from the sun, if necessary. It can see in the dark and move faster and quieter than the most highly trained combat soldier. It's got mind- bending drugs inside it worse than cyanide. It can kill you in seconds and even make you enjoy it. Mo is staring at a blinking LED on the back of the hand.
32) 3) dialog: Oh, no. It's functioning fine. That's a warning that it's electrified. You're lucky the storage battery is kept in the chest cavity. Otherwise -- ZZZZT! The little bastard would've put more current through you than an electric chair.
32) 5) dialog: (reproachfully) I told you to bring it with you.
32) 7) dialog: Now, slow down! Can't we do some business first? That's what you came here for. Mo steps menacingly toward him.
32) 9) dialog: 250 C's! Cash! Mo thrusts the wriggling hand at him. Alvy recoils, the b draining from his face, the hand straining to reach him.
32) 11) dialog: (pointing across room) Over there! Over there! Jeesh. You'll need change. Mo carefully holds the hand out to Alvy. Wrist first. Alv his head.
32) 13) dialog: Apparently they were testing a bunch of them out on the dune sea, but there was a fuck up. Seems there was one structural defect. An Achilles heel in the insulation system... Mo hurries up to the vid-phone console, pulling change fr pocket, coins bouncing off the concrete floor. He feeds c into the slot, frantically types a number.
38) 2) dialog: Mo --
38) 4) dialog: All right, I'll do it. Little bastard's no friend of mine.
38) 6) dialog: Nah. I've just got a soft spot for an endangered species. Alvy points after him with the truncated hand. Mo reholst shotgun and steps out the warehouse doors. The night swal up.
40) 0) text: Alvy walks slowly down an avenue of rusting cars, gingerl clutching the wriggling hand, steam drifting all around h stops in front of one of the scrapyard's low brick blast and stands silent as if in thought. Then with one deft mo he opens the furnace door and hurls the hand inside, imme SLAMMING the door. He spins a metal wheel, sealing the fu and turning up the heat. He leans forward, firelight shim on his face, peering through the reinforced glass of the furnace window, watching the severed hand scamper frantic around its prison, fingers scratching at the brickwork. T of fire flicker up through a grate in the floor and the h crazy, flinging itself at the window. Alvy steps back, wiping his forehead. The temperature ris the hand glows red, its outline softening as it begins to There's no way out, but still it refuses to give up, hurl itself again at the walls, still banging frantically at t now just a jittering ball of fire.
79) 0) text: Alvy hovering over the blueprints.
79) 1) dialog: ...were testing a bunch of them out on the dune sea, but there was a fuck up. Seems there was one structural defect. An Achilles heel in the insulation system... The dwarf points at one of the diagrams and Mo feels hims falling forward, lost in the spinning schematic that unfo before him and turns into a glowing, computer-generated m He realizes that he has lost consciousness and struggles his way out of the maze and back to sanity. Alvy's face s before him, grotesquely distorted, emerging from a sea of circuitry. It points at him and grins.
79) 2) dialog: ...in the insulation system!
80) 2) dialog: It can kill you in seconds and even make you enjoy it.
80) 4) dialog: ...enjoy it... He looks into Mark 13's eyes and smiles, finding comfort red glow. He no longer fears it. In the end everything was perfect after all.