5) 1) dialog: This is Angry Bob coming at you on W.A.R. Radio with the good news and the bad news. Bad news is the heatwave's not going to let up. It's expected to hit ninety downtown before nightfall, although weather control keeps promising that rain is on the way. The foul up on the launch pad at terminal eight doesn't look like it's gonna clear for another half hour and holiday air traffic is still stacking up over the CBD and all outlying districts. But traffic control promises that if you all keep cool they'll get you home in time for Christmas. As for the good news -- I forget what the good news was, so let's just play some music! The deejay LAUGHS, his voice echoing maniacally as METAL across the wavelengths, spilling out into the scrapyard f old transistor radio that's been left standing on the hoo wrecked car. MO BAXTER and his friend SHADES are traversing the yard. still young, his muscular build betraying long hours of o bench pressing. His blond hair is close-cropped and he we patched and fazed military uniform, his shirt unbuttoned reveal a vest that is hand-painted with a blazing skull. scar zig-zags across his left cheek and his left hand is altogether, replaced by a robot prosthesis. A large grey is thrown over his shoulder. Shades is a scrawny individu wearing a leather flying jacket and a three-day growth of He squints through the dark lenses of his trademark glas Shades is talking his usual blue streak, Mo has on a tole half-smile.
94) 1) dialog: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! This is Angry Bob and you are listening to W.A.R. Radio, somewhere on your dial, and I am here to wake you up! We got some real good news from the Department of Defense todav. They're finally moving forward with the long-delayed Mark 14 project -- I don't know what it is and I don't care, but if you've got any kind of security clearance at all, get your unemployed ass down to Central Robotics first thing Monday morning. Things are looking up. Just one more reason ta celebrate on this great day, when we honor the birth of that very special man...and...yet he was not a man... (beat )
94) 2) text: This is Angry Bob wishing you and yours a very, merry Christmas! A HEAVY METAL version of "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" c loud as another day begins outside the apartment. The bodies of Mo, Vernon, Chief and Lincoln lie very stil listening to the radio as it gradually gets light.