8) 5) dialog: Another scorcher today. Nearly ninety, they said on the news.
8) 7) dialog: That it is. Hey, while you're here I want you to meet someone. Got a new kid on the job. Vernon, say hello to Mister Baxter! (to Mo) You heard about Tommy...? Shades nods. Up above, Vernon sticks his head through the railings and grins down at them. He's working on a wad of
8) 9) dialog: Kid's got shit for brains, but he'll work out once he knows the ropes. It ain't brain surgery! Mo nods down to the lower floors.
8) 11) dialog: Damn right. This is as far as they get. We've got new surveillance gear all over the block. If you want to maybe pop down later for a game I'll show you 'how it works.
8) 13) dialog: I'd appreciate it. Haven't had a good game in weeks. Vernon's got no head for chess. You can imagine. Mo and Shades press on up the staircase. Shades wants to question to Mo. Finally gets up the nerve:
49) 0) text: Chief and Vernon sit hunched over a chess board, CHINESE ROLL turned up to full volume on Chief's transistor radio echoing off bare concrete walls that are lined with video monitors and pages torn from pin-up magazines. Vernon tak of Chief's pawns, grinning, the end of his tongue pinched his front teeth.
49) 2) dialog: Check and mate. Vernon slaps himself on the head.
49) 4) dialog: Sicilian manuever. That's how you beet computers when you play 'em. Machines don't understand sacrifice and neither do morons. Chief cuffs Vernon hard across the ear, sending him tumbl his stool.
49) 5) dialog: Read some chess books, you jerk!
63) 1) dialog: (looking at the devastation) Jesus Christ! The android stands beside the console, wisps of flame ris it like tongues of fire in a religious fresco. As one the their firearms and the creature lunges toward them, track flame across the carpet, emitting a DEEP BASS TONE as it Mo's shotgun leaps in his arms and the creature whirls f across the room, taking the full force of the blast. Chie Vernon OPEN FIRE with their automatics, their bullets RIC off the android's titanium shell. It lunges backwards aga window and the glass in one of the panes CRACKS behind it It tries to come at them again, its arms tangling in the of the Venetian blinds. Mo slips another shell into his s and steps forward, SHOOTING it in the chest. Part of the android's breastplate disintegrates in a mass of sparks a the window finally gives way. For a moment it teeters on the edge, surrounded by a bliz glass, then it is qone, plunging backwards into the night all that is left is the ROAR of the city coming through t broken window and the sound of glass and debris cascading street thirty floors below. Mo relaxes slowly, coming down. He lowers his shotgun as Chief and Vernon go running past looking for a fire extinguisher. He hears something move behind him and turns to see Jill in the doorway, staring at the window, her face streaked tears. He steps toward her, reaching out to take her in h but she pulls away.
63) 8) dialog: There was a big riot downtown. Probably have their hands full. Something about that new bill. Chief ducks back out.
77) 0) text: Jill swims slowly back to consciousness, a ring of faces down at her. Several Chinese PEOPLE are watching over her Chinese woman who lives there trying to feed her a bowl o Several VAGRANTS and SQUATTERS crowd into the room, lured commotion. Chief comes pushing through them, clutching a baseball ba as if dreaming Jill sees his lips move, saying something, voice impossibly slow.
77) 1) dialog: Get back. The ambulance is here. We're gonna move her, now. She feels something cool on her bending over her face and up she sees Shades splashing water on her forehead. Then she tries to sit up, suddenly frightened.
81) 3) dialog: Please, Jill. Listen to me. You can’t -- She shoves him hard in the chest and he staggers back. Sh snatches the baseball bat from his hands and begins to pu through the crowd, feeling something grafting inside her
83) 0) text: Jill struggles painfully up the steps, clutching the base bat, the blanket tied around her like a cloak. She turns down at the gathering mob, threatening them with the bat them at bay as a red dawn breaks across the rooftops. Shades and the Chief stand at their forefront. Shades hol his hands to her.
84) 0) text: Jill staggers across the burned-out hallway, heading for lounge, her own head throbbing, filled with fire. She ree drunkenly, leaning on the bat for support. She knows she's nearing the limit of her strength but the something she has to do. Behind her, Vernon starts across the threshold, Chief and right behind him.
85) 1) text: There is a HISS of hydraulics and the apartment door slid on its runners, its control circuits sparking, close to o Chief sees the door closing and makes a dive for it. He doesn't make it. The door catches him just above the hips, squeezing him a the frame, driving the wind out of him, his body armor CR The hydraulics SQUEAL. The door automatically reopens. Chief gasps, trying to get up, but there seems to be some wrong with his legs. Shades grabs him by the feet, trying to pull him back acr threshold. Vernon turns, too slow, his gaze meeting Chief's for a mo Chief's eyes are wide with fear.
87) 0) text: The door RAMS home on its pistons and the Chief's body un at the waist. His arms twitch, his mouth wide open, vomiting a dark jet blood so thick it's almost solid. Shades staggers back against the railing, still clutching legs. Vernon falls to his knees and throws up on the carpet. Jill looks away, sobbing, staggering into the lounge, the baseball bat raised in front of her. Behind her, the door begins to slice open and closed, ove over, the runners greased with blood, sparks showering fr control console.
92) 0) text: Shades stumbles over Chief's torso and sprawls on the cha floor as the door SLAMS shut behind him with lethal force sits up, staring at the door in disbelief. Then he hears Jill SCREAM again and he starts to his feet prising the automatic from Chief's grip and heading towar bathroom.
94) 2) text: This is Angry Bob wishing you and yours a very, merry Christmas! A HEAVY METAL version of "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" c loud as another day begins outside the apartment. The bodies of Mo, Vernon, Chief and Lincoln lie very stil listening to the radio as it gradually gets light.