4) 0) text: The sole occupant of the apartment is already awake. A fi crouched in the midst of the tangle of sculptures, surrou numerous pencil sketches of insects, face hidden by a bat welding mask, body swathed in paint-spattered overalls, t nozzle of an oxy-acetylene torch held in gloved hands, sp showering everywhere. The door buzzer rings: a long held BUZZZZZZZZ. The metal curses, turns off the gas and crosses to a computer contr console in the lounge, On the way, she turns down the mus dull throb. She props up her welding mask and types a series of digit the computer. Her face is prematurely careworn but attrac She's in her late twenties, her hair hanging in strands, slick with sweat. Her name is JILL. A screen blinks into life on the console, patching into a security camera that is trained outside the apartment doo There's no one there. She bites her lower lip and taps a few more keys and gets down the hall and then a view from the other direction. N there. She exhales in frustration and types. After a few seconds of electronic snow the face of a blo appears in a haze. He's got a bandanna wrapped around his forehead and a wad of gum in his teeth. This is VERNON.
4) 2) dialog: Vernon, is the Chief there?
4) 4) dialog: Those kids from two were at my door again.
4) 6) dialog: Just now.
4) 8) dialog: That's what worries me.
4) 10) dialog: Listen, Vernon, I've got a delivery coming from Foodstuffs today. Be sure to let ‘em up.
4) 12) dialog: Probably the only one who won't make it through his "net”. She walks to the kitchen, pours a cup of coffee, comes ba turns the MUSIC BACK UP, flips down her visor and goes ba work. CAMERA MOVES PAST HER TO the window, looking out on the large urban metropolis somewhere in the future. Mile high chimneys rise against the smog-filled morning sky.
9) 1) dialog: Goddamn it!! The torch light cuts out. Jill steps to the console, pulling off the welding mask, it aside. She rapidly types digits into the computer. The screen blinks to life and Mo's face stares back at he through the electronic blizzard. For a moment she is sile features unreadable. Mo smiles and she finds herself smil too, almost against her will.
9) 2) dialog: Mo. His voice comes over the intercom, thick with static.
10) 2) dialog: (over intercom) I changed the code. Mo exhales impatiently.
11) 0) text: Jill stands there, eyes downcast. Torn. Finally shaking h in self-reproach and tapping a key. She heads toward the There is a HISS as the apartment's hydraulics go into act the front door slides open on steel runners to reveal Mo Shades standing on the threshold. Jill takes a geiger cou hanging from its peg in the hall and runs it over them.
11) 1) dialog: Hmm. Cessium level's low today.
11) 3) dialog: Hello, Mo. He gives her a smile.
11) 5) dialog: Hi.
11) 7) dialog: Not bad. I-- Mo takes the opportunity to move past her down the hall. hesitates for a second. Then:
11) 8) dialog: -- I got a commision customizing consoles for some uptowners. Welfare checks are coming in regular, I can't complain. Mo stands on the edge of the living room. He smiles light the chaos and puts down his gear. Jill and Shades come in him. Mo bends nods his
11) 9) dialog: See my new pet? I've been using it as a model. This morning I woke up and -- look -- it made a web. beside a glass tank. His eyes focus on the spider and he head.
11) 11) dialog: I've been giving it little bits of soy mince, but sometimes I catch a bug. It sucks ‘em dry. Mo frowns a little, then reaches down into his gunny sack
11) 13) dialog: (to Shades) I've been basing my work more on organic forms... translating them into the synthetic...focusing more on the synthesis... Shades nods. Mo stands up suddenly.
11) 16) dialog: They say there's a cold front on the way. It might cool things down in time for Christmas.
11) 20) dialog: Oh! Jesus God! He's beautiful! (lifting the skull) I love it! What a monster. She plants a kiss on its forehead.
11) 24) dialog: Bye.
11) 25) text: Later, Shades. Shades gives a little ironic salute, taps a number on the next to the door. The door SHUNTS open. He ducks out. The HISSES shut. Jill and Mo kiss. Deeply. Holding each other tight. The steel skull lies where Jill left it, still smiling, t embracing lovers inverted, reflected in the depth of its eyes.
12) 0) text: Hot water HISSES from the overhead faucet and Mo stands i frosted glass cubicle, eyes closed, steam rising around h lets the shower wash away three months of sweat and engin He reaches out, pulling Jill closer. Her hands reach arou gently massaging her back, feeling a web of waxy scar tis beneath her fingertips. A living mosaic of tattoos writhes beneath her touch, a j tangle of howling wolves, wilting roses, phallic warheads naked bodies. Their lips meet and he caresses her and eve he cannot feel the caress through his synthetic hand he f shiver anyway. She clasps his wrist, raising the prosthet to her lips, kissing the steep fingertips.
13) 0) text: Later they lie in the circular bed in the room that serve both bedroom and lounge, facing out towards the Venetian whose open slats reveal a panoramic vista of rooftops and windows. The television set is on, tuned to some program the famine, the volume turned down, the news camera track silently across rows of emaciated bodies stacked like fir the images spilling their cold blue light across the nake lovers. The only sound in the apartment now is the raspin their breath, the low hum of the air conditioning and the throb of the city, pulsing like blood rushing in their ea muted by the soundproof walls. Jill cries out, voice shrill as a bird call, head thrown Mo's hands clutching at her shoulders, his eyes closed, s toward transcendence. Her cries become thicker, distorted becoming an electronic synthesis of sound as a red glow g around them and their image loses resolution, their bodie becoming solarized, becoming a grainy pornographic photog taken on heat sensitive film stock.
14) 0) text: Jill lies on her back amidst the stained sheets, smoking letting Mo trace the outline of her body with his good ha smiles dreamily, her eyes half-closed.
14) 1) dialog: It's good to have you here, Moses.
14) 3) dialog: What is it?
14) 5) dialog: About what? She’s a bit wary, now. Cool.
14) 7) dialog: (deadpan) I like it when we're together. I haven't thought much beyond that. You're not somebody I can rely on. (suddenly) How long are you going to stay this time? He's silent for a long while. She waits. Finally, with difficulty:
14) 9) dialog: Let them count you out! You don't owe them anything! She glances at his robot hand. He curls it up, moves it a
14) 11) dialog: Which is when? He’s evasive. Shrugs.
14) 14) dialog: So? He closes his eyes. Sleepy. Dreamy. He shrugs languidly.
14) 16) dialog: Mo. But it is already too late. He is fast asleep. She sighs, up beside him, listening to the distant carol as she too slowly into sleep. All is calm. All is bright.
15) 0) text: Jill moans softly in her sleep, face damp with sweat. Moo filters through the blinds and it is as if the lovers sle the midst of a forest of metal trees, the glistening bran reaching arms of Jill's scrap sculptures silhouetted agai Silver glow. Glass eyes glint in the night and grotesque, tortured fa from the gloom. Ventilation tubing coils through the tree snakes and a steel owl perches above the doorway its wing lined with metallic feathers. Moonlight silvers the spider web and for a moment its str seem to fill the room. Somewhere, far back in the shadows something moves. Static flickers with a sputter across th television screen. A spark flies between synapses deep in damaged silicon brain and a crimson gleam flickers moment through the eyes of the steel skull. There is a HUM of energy and its memory banks light up. T screen dims for a second and the android's infrared retin as its disembodied head silently watches over the apartme focusing on the two glowing heatforms that lie curled bes other on the bed. Jill moans again, turning in her sleep.
17) 0) text: Jill wakes with a start, sitting up in the darkened room, still sleeping at her side and she lets out a little sigh relief when she sees him, reaching out to touch him, lett warmth reassure her. She sits for a while in silence and making a decision, she swings herself out of bed, slips o crumpled silk kimono and heads for the kitchen.
18) 0) text: Jill absent-mindedly types a command into a wall console automatic coffee maker percolator lights up, chugging and whirring contentedly to itself. She opens the freezer to carton of synti-milk, catching a glimpse of her face floa the dark glaze of the tiling, illuminated momentarily by light of the refrigerator door. The face seems disembodie almost unrecognizable.
19) 0) text: Jill picks her way through the debris, cradling a steamin coffee. She sits down in the middle of the room and cross legs, still feeling strangely disoriented. She taps anoth from an already half-empty pack of ‘Acapulco Gold' and re out to flick the television's remote control, turning up volume on a late-night news bulletin. The NEWSCASTER smil reassuringly at her, his voice silky and emotionless, his and complexion flawless, probably computer generated.
19) 6) dialog: You know that new emergency bill they're pushing through?
19) 8) dialog: I started on this when I first heard about it. Mo gazes at the sculpture for a long time. Then he starts around.
19) 10) dialog: Why do I let you in? Every time? Why? He turns suddenly to her.
19) 12) dialog: Yes, I do!
19) 14) dialog: Mo, I’m trying to work.
19) 18) dialog: Okay, okay. Jesus. If it makes you happy. She sits in the chair.
19) 19) dialog: Okay, now what?
19) 21) dialog: This is really stupid.
19) 23) dialog: Yeah, yeah. She tips the chair back keeping her balance with one foot
19) 24) dialog: Okay. Now what.
19) 26) dialog: No.
19) 28) dialog: No. I can't do it. No way. Mo steps suddenly forward and pushes her hard in the ches topples backwards with a SHRIEK and hits the floor with a resounding THUD. She lies on her back for a moment, looking up at Mo stand her, the shotgun still in his hands. Then she begins to laugh.
19) 32) dialog: (still smiling) You're so full of it... From the flat below comes the sound of muffled THUMPING a downstairs neighbors bang on their ceiling with a broom h
19) 33) dialog: Oh, God... the neighbors... Mo BANGS on the floor with his steel hand.
19) 35) dialog: Moses... The phone RINGS. A BURBLING electronic sound, tangling in hair. Mo's hand twitches spastically. She recoils with a
19) 39) dialog: Don't answer it. Too late. He's picked up the vid-phone handset.
21) 0) text: The room is still and dark. Neon glow blinks in a slat-pa the ceiling. The mute TV flickers and flashes. Jill is peacefully asleep. Mo is moving stealthily about the apartment, dressing. H carefully on the edge of the bed to lace up his boots. Ji in her sleep. Stirs. Mo waits till she settles back and gives her a soft kiss cheek. A small contented smile rises out of her dreams an on her lips.
26) 0) text: Jill rolls over, the sheets tangling around her. Mutterin sleep. Somewhere far back in the cluttered apartment something m comes to life. The red light glimmers in the eyes of the android's sever With an almost imperceptible electronic whir, its microch wakes up, watching over the apartment from its perch in t of a nest of barbed wire and burned dolls. The android's irises widen, like black holes slowly expan
28) 0) text: A bank of LED's light up on the main computer console. A whine of feedback crackles from the intercom and static h television screen. Jill groans, turning irritably on the Down on the floor, the android's dismembered limbs shiver returns to them, jointed fingers tapping on the floor, ar muscles flexing slowly, hydraulic tubing twisting, fluid back into damaged veins. A dark pool of grease spreads like blood across the carpe
30) 0) text: The light blazes, bright as hot coals now in the android' A coat rack falls with a CLATTER to the floor and Jill st hovering between sleep and waking. The floor of the room alive, now, hands twitching and hopping, wiring sparking gloom.
39) 0) text: Mark 13 moves slowly through the lounge, infra-red eyes c through the gloom, purring contentedly to itself as it ex the main computer terminal and then lollops on toward the halts, looking down at Jill, registering her sleeping for glowing puddle of energy. A printout rattles through its brain.
41) 0) text: Jill comes suddenly awake sitting up in bed, knowing that something is wrong. She looks around to the other side of bed for Mo. He's not there. Just flat, crumpled sheets. A burst of STATIC comes from the television and she looks t Something's wrong with the set. The sound is distorted, muted as if underwater, and the i become vague and shadowy, abstract, tinged with green. She stares at it, shaking her head in confusion. Behind h something glistens in the dark, pulling itself up to its height, poising like a cobra about to strike.
41) 1) dialog: Mo ? She sees the remote control lying at the foot of the bed reaches forward to pick it up and that movement is the on that saves her. A steel claw whistles past her head, so c can feel its wind. The mattress shivers beneath her, bulg under the weight of something only half-glimpsed that's over the head of the bed impossibly quickly. She YELLS, diving head first onto the floor, hitting the all wrong, a dreamy puff of feathers going up around her creature rips the mattress apart in a frenzy of tearing f and thrashing claws.
43) 0) text: Jill crouches against the wall, still clutching the remot hand, a blizzard of feathers falling all around her. The thing seems to be building a nest in the bed, pulling sheets tight around itself. She starts to edge past it, crawling slowly backwards tow door, trying not to look too steadily at it, the childish occuring to her that if she can't see it then maybe it ca her. A sob starts to rise inside her and she bites her li stay quiet. When she opens her eyes again the creature is Only the gaping claw marks in the mattress and the twist remain to show that it even existed. She glances around h shivering, eyes straining into the shadows, seeing nothin the feathers lazily drifting down past the blue strobe of television screen.
45) 0) text: Jill gets slowly to her feet, every muscle in her body te eyes darting from side to side as she backs toward the do foot strikes something and she recoils. She looks down an breaths a sigh of relief, seeing her blow-torch lying on floor where she left it. She kneels and tentatively lifting it pulls on the trigge igniting a thin blue tongue of gas. She backs toward the doorway, holding the blow-torch at a length, feeling comforted by its glow. Then she looks up something she sees takes her breath away. The android's h missing from its place in the center of the scrap sculptu Slowly the truth begins to dawn on her.
45) 1) dialog: Oh my God... She turns, stepping across the threshold into the darkene hallway crouching defensively, eyes searching the gloom, expecting the worst. She makes it as far as the door and nervously reaches out to type the exit code into the wall console. Her fingers brush the keyboard and in the same i the doorbell BUZZES. She types in the four digit code and with relief as the door HISSES open on its runners. She starts forward.
45) 2) dialog: Mo... thank God... She freezes in her tracks. A shadowy figure is standing threshold. A gust of warm air through the doorway snuffs her torch. Lincoln Weinberg, Jr., lifts a camera to his e
45) 5) dialog: Who -- who are you?!
45) 7) dialog: What do you want?!
45) 10) dialog: Why?
45) 13) dialog: What can I do for you? He looks past her.
45) 15) dialog: I'm fine. (pause) My boyfriend's asleep in the other room. Lincoln smiles. She nods, her body.
45) 18) dialog: Get out. over the threshold. A weird look in his eyes. Intense. He licks his lips.
45) 20) dialog: (backing away) Oh, Jesus... HISSES shut behind him.
45) 22) dialog: Oh, God, no!!
45) 25) dialog: There's an android running amok in my lounge!!
45) 27) dialog: My boyfriend brought it home with him from the zone. It must have reactivated itself, I don't know how. It was all in pieces! We've gotta get out of here!
45) 29) dialog: Why doesn't it work?!
45) 31) dialog: How do you know?
45) 33) dialog: (shaking her head) I don't remember.
45) 35) dialog: There is Now what?
45) 37) dialog: Mr... Lincoln? I'm scared. Can you get us out of here?
45) 39) dialog: In the living room. But --
45) 42) dialog: All right. Keep talking so I know where you are.
45) 44) dialog: Please?
45) 52) dialog: Whose?
45) 54) dialog: ...Moses.
45) 56) dialog: You can stop talking now. His face goes blank for a second. Then he grins.
45) 58) dialog: I don't care. Just get us out of here.
45) 60) dialog: Good. Let's go. He frowns. Bites his lower lip.
45) 62) dialog: Why'd I what?
45) 64) dialog: Wanna what?!
45) 66) dialog: What about them?! The window blinds are closed. The ones through which Lin watching her. He starts off toward them, snapping his fin again. Trying to act casual.
48) 0) text: Jill is frantically stabbing the code into the wall conso She steps back, waiting for the door to open. It doesn't.
48) 1) dialog: No!! She swallows a scream. Trying the code. Trying to rein he in. Carefully pressing each digit. Nothing happens. She hits the keypad with her fist.
50) 0) text: Jill is leaning her forehead against the cool metal of th Stymied. Something CLATTERS loudly in the room behind her turns with a whimper.
52) 0) text: Jill hears the sound of breaking glass. She feels the urg scream and raises her hand, biting it hard, almost drawin She peers into the gloom. A soft mechanical whir comes fr darknesss and she pulls back, flattening herself against wall. The whir grows louder and another sound grows with it. Th of an engine turning over, slowly gaining power, gears wh impatiently. She closes her eyes and jams her hands over ears. Suddenly the lights come on in the hallway and music come BLARING at full volume. "Silent night, Holy night" Jill shakes her head slowly back and forth.
52) 1) dialog: (quietly) Oh, God, help me... The carol plays on... "All is calm, All is bright..."
54) 0) text: The lights blink off again and Jill begins to edge down t passage, keeping her back to the wall. The Christmas caro then starts again, coming at her in disorienting spurts. reaches the kitchen door and the lights go on again, then to blink rapidly, reaching the hypnotic frequency of a st before sparking and shorting out entirely. Jill backs into the darkened kitchen. The timer bell goes the microwave behind her and she spins fearfully around. the LED's flashing chaotically on the wall console and he blender WHIRRING out of control, a thin blue ribbon of sm pouring from its motor. The coffee maker overboils with a splutter and she pulls scalding liquid sprays across the counter. She sees a red rising from the overheating toaster and an electric carvi lies WHIRRING and twitching to itself on the sideboard. Then suddenly everthing goes quiet. She looks up, knowing going to come next. A movement flickers in the hallway an sees the gleam of two red eyes cutting through the darkn beams highlighted like lasers by the drifting smoke. She back against the wall, whimpering, knowing she's come to end. Then in a flash of inspiration she realizes something.
54) 1) dialog: (under her breath) Infra-red! The bastard's working on infra-red! She crouches, pulling open the freezer and frantically ri out its shelves, sending the contents clattering to the f She hears the whir of servo-motors as the android approac without another thought she climbs into the freezer, curl herself up to make herself as small as possible. She shiv bare skin brushing against frosted metal. She rams her ha her mouth, trying to remain absolutely still, trying not breath. Infra-red eyes pierce the darkness of the kitchen and the appears silhouetted in the doorway, its steel claws SCRAT the linoleum. Its head revolves with a WHIR and for a mom looking right at her, then it looks past her and away, WH angrily to itself. Suddenly it swings itself across floor quickly that Jill almost loses sight of it. It reaches ou wrenches the cupboard door off its hinges. There is an ex of SHATTERING crockery. Jill stifles a yell as shards of porcelain rattle to the floor around her. The wreckage subsides and the android freezes, standing i still, head cocked to one side as if listening. Jill hold breath, her eyes wandering across the Formica countertop, lighting at last on the thing she's been looking for. The circular power saw she was using earlier that evening now on a shelf opposite the freezer beside her airbrush a cans of polyurethane spray paint. Then her eyes fall to t below the shelf and she sees the two cylinders of oxy-ace gas and a plan of action begins to take form in her head. She breaths out slowly, watching fearfully as her breath in the light of the open freezer. Now the android sees the plume of steam. Now it turns. Now it's looking right at her and she returns its stare w flinching. It hops toward her, head still cocked to one side, heat confused by the cold air streaming from the freezer. It s only an arm's length away from her and, reaching out blin begins to feel its way around the cold spot. Jill cowers back as far as she can, numbed by the cold gr creeping into her, trying to will herself not to shiver. android's hand narrowly misses her foot, closing on a jar mayonnaise. It withdraws the jar, holding it up for close inspection. Its fingers tighten and the jar shatters, may spattering to the floor in big round globules. Jill gasps involuntarily. The android drops the remains o jar and reaches back into the freezer, its hand feeling i toward her trembling face. Then from far off in the apart comes the sound of the doorbell ringing. The android freezes again, deadly still, its fingertips b inch from Jill's terrified eves.
55) 2) dialog: 
56) 0) text: Jill hears the muffled knocking but doesn't dare move a m She holds her breath, trying not to let her heart beat to The steel hand wavers before her eyes.
58) 0) text: The steel hand wavers and falls, withdrawing from the fre Jill breathes out softly. The android takes a step backwards, its head pivoting tow door. Jill inches forward, her eyes on the power saw. It's lyi in front of her, its handle sticking out over the edge of shelf. The android takes another step toward the doorway and Jil reaches out, holding her breath again. The android pauses Listening. She leans further forward and her hand fastens power saw's hilt, her fingers so numb with cold she can b feel it. After that everything happens really fast. The android tu one fluid movement, its eyes finding her. And Jill is alr her feet, brandishing the power saw with both hands. And android is coming across the kitchen at her in a horrid b motion. And she could swear it's grinning at her. And the power saw BUZZES into life and she's screaming at the top lungs.
58) 1) dialog: 
59) 2) dialog: He sees Shades standing near the apartment door and grabs shaking him so violently that his dark glasses almost fly
59) 8) dialog: He WAILS in frustration, tears welling in his eyes.
60) 0) text: The SHRIEK of escaping gas fills the room, almost drownin the sound of Jill's cries. The spinning drill arm hangs over her, poising itself wit surgical precision. She lashes out at the android's face with her free foot creature hunkers closer to her, its retinas widening in anticipation. She snarls at it, her face twisted in rage reaching suddenly out with the spray can she draws a line black polyurethane paint across its eyes. The android WHI clutching at its face, and Jill kicks free from its grip, plunging backwards down the corridor. She loses her footing and goes down on one knee as she pu pack of Acapulco Gold from her pocket. Already the android is looking for her again, crouching i kitchen doorway, gathering its energy for another attack. spins the lighter kindling the whole packet, waiting impatiently for the fl take hold. She looks up, right into the android's eyes, a smile touching her lips. Then she staggers to her feet, h the blazing cigarette pack and diving for cover. The andr reaches out and effortlessly snatches the blazing pack fr air like a star outfielder. Then everything EXPLODES.
62) 0) text: Jill covers her head with her hands as shards of hot meta around her. Her sleeve catches fire and she rolls on the to smother it, crawling across the blackened carpet towar lounge. Somewhere a fire alarm has begun to RING. The air seems filled with oily wisps like seeds from a bl dandelion and, looking up, she sees that the kitchen simp there anymore. The doorway at the end of the hallway is a like a chimney, the air shimmering with heat. She catches the flames for a while, half expecting someth move within the inferno and then something does but it is blazing wall-fitting subsiding in a cloud of sparks. She into the flames until the sweat evaporates and she feels eyebrows shrivel. Then, satisfied at last, she gets to he and limps back into the lounge, cradling her wounded arm her chest. She stands on the threshold, surveying her apartment. Th scrap sculpture. The twisted Venetian blinds and blood-st walls. The torn sheets and gutted mattress. The melted te receiver dangling slackly on its cord. Lincoln's body spr beside the window, his Hawaiian shirt dark with drying bl white drift of feathers strewn all around him. She shakes her head.
62) 1) dialog: God, What a fucking mess. The steel door HISSES open at the end of the hall and she the cool night wind on her body and she turns to see Mo silhouetted in the doorway, Chief and Vernon on either si him, craning their necks to see inside. Mo seems frightened. She starts forward, shrugging to show it's all right and if in a dream, she sees him draw his shotgun and level it head.
63) 2) dialog: Where were you?! She sits down on the end of the bed and begins to tear on sheets into strips, bandaging her arm.
63) 4) dialog: I can take care of it. Mo decides to remain ouiet. He leans back against the wal door. He hears the HISSSS of fire extinguishers coming fr hall. Shades wanders past, whistling through his teeth.
63) 9) dialog: Figures. She stands, broodingly.
63) 10) dialog: Why waste their time forcing birth control on us? Why not just send a few of those metal fuckers into the streets? She looks at Mo. He doesn't have an answer. She joins Sha the window, looking out. The smog has cleared and the stars are still bright over rooftops, the the sky a deep, rich blue, and on the far h is the first glow of dawn. Jill watches the sky slowly change hue. It is criss-cross vapor trails. High up a supersonic jet is barrelling along on the edge stratosphere, heading someplace else.
63) 11) dialog: (softly) I want out from here. I want to get away. Shades looks at her. Mo has crossed the room and is stand behind her. Shades looks at the floor, steps away from th
63) 16) dialog: For how long? He looks out the window at the changing sky. Then at the her head.
63) 19) dialog: You never had to go back, did you? That was a lie, wasn't it? Your contract is up. He doesn't answer. His face is blank. Then finally he sta shake his head and -- -- a blackened steel hand reaches up through the window -
64) 0) text: The power line breaks Jill's fall. She lashes out with one hand, grabbing onto the cable, cr in pain, her feet swinging in space. She reaches up with other hand to grip the cable more firmly and then just ha there for awhile, her head drooping. She feels blood running down her body and there is a dull her forehead. She realizes that she's been badly hurt, but she can't ge thoughts together much beyond that. She hears someone shouting in the distance and a sound li thunder. Mo's voice drifts back to her from earlier that evening, to explain something to her in his typical half-joking, h serious manner, his voice small and faint, coming from a off.
64) 2) text: Mo's head is bowed, hands clenched on the shotgun, eyes t shut, when he hears her scream. He lifts his head. Can't what he's hearing. Leaps forward and leans out the broken his steel hand clutching the buckled frame. Jill is swinging from the power line only a few feet belo her knuckles white. He starts to clamber through the broken glass stepping ou narrow, brick parapet, the night wind murmuring about him He calls her name and her eyelids flicker.
64) 4) dialog: 
64) 5) dialog: 
64) 10) dialog: 
64) 14) dialog: 
64) 19) dialog: I CAN’T DO IT!
64) 23) dialog: 
65) 0) text: Earlier that evening. Jill falling backwards in the chair, laughing, Mo standin her.
66) 0) text: The living room window BURSTS in a shower of glass and SC Chinese people dive for cover as Jill comes crashing feet into their lives, landing awkwardly on the coffee table, a bowl of stale cocktail snacks and coming to rest in a h the floor, one leg twisted under her, blood trickling in stream from her nose and pooling on the carpet. It's very red against her pale skin. The severed power cable HISSES and SPARKS, twisting besid if alive.
69) 0) text: The Chinese woman screams something inarticulate at Shade grasping at his sleeve and trying to hold him back. He pu away and manages to keep at arm's length as he struggles corridor into the lounge. He shoves her away and crunches broken glass as he approaches Jill’s body.
71) 0) text: Earlier that evening. Mo kissing Jill lightly on the cheek as she sleeps.
74) 0) text: Jill lying beside him in the dark. His fingers caressing her.
74) 1) dialog: It's good to have you here, Moses.
75) 0) text: Jill's body sailing through the picture window, streaked blood, glass bursting in a spray around her.
77) 0) text: Jill swims slowly back to consciousness, a ring of faces down at her. Several Chinese PEOPLE are watching over her Chinese woman who lives there trying to feed her a bowl o Several VAGRANTS and SQUATTERS crowd into the room, lured commotion. Chief comes pushing through them, clutching a baseball ba as if dreaming Jill sees his lips move, saying something, voice impossibly slow.
77) 2) dialog: 
77) 5) dialog: 
78) 0) text: Mo stretches out his steel hand, drawing his boot knife. He clenches his teeth and plunges the knife into his fore Blood and black ichor gush from the wound and he BELLOWS pain. He raises his arm, sucking desperately at it, spitting ou mouthful of warm, bitter fluid. He feels his nervous system starting to shut down and he the knife again. He knows he has to cut deeper into the i veins but he can't seem to get it together. He tries to c help, but all he can emit is a thick, syrupy grunt that g nowhere, dying in his throat. The apartment is blazing, now, light streaming up from everywhere. He sees Jill's wrought iron owl trying to tea off the wall, its steel wings fluttering with impossible He feels that he's drowning, sinking down into a floor th suddenly taken on the consistency of warm mud. Far back in his mind, someone's trying to tell him someth Something important that he's forgotten.
80) 0) text: Mo cries out, his eyes snapping open, the knife still clu his hand. The android is sitting astride the main terminal, now, dr power out of its matrix, slowly gaining strength once mor It raises its arms like the branches of a metal tree and it seems insanely beautiful. Like the Rig Veda. Goddess Kali and the dance of death. He begins to laugh. Jill's voice comes to him again, whispering from another stream.
80) 1) dialog: Ooh! Jesus God! He's beautiful...
80) 3) dialog: What a monster.
81) 0) text: Jill struggles to her feet, on the edge of panic, now, th onlookers crowding in around her.
81) 1) dialog: 
81) 4) dialog: 
82) 0) text: Mo no longer has the strength to laugh. The knife wavers falls from his hand and he steps forward out of his body Jill's waiting arms.
83) 0) text: Jill struggles painfully up the steps, clutching the base bat, the blanket tied around her like a cloak. She turns down at the gathering mob, threatening them with the bat them at bay as a red dawn breaks across the rooftops. Shades and the Chief stand at their forefront. Shades hol his hands to her.
83) 2) dialog: 
83) 6) dialog: 
83) 9) dialog: So IS MO!! Vernon glances over her shoulder. Jill spins around to fi Chief coming up to grab her. She swings the bat at his he YELLING at the top of her lungs. Chief takes a step back, startled more by her shriek than bat. Jill turns and makes a dash for the open door, wincing at pain in her leg. Vernon starts forward and she swings the bat at him, clip in the side of the head with a hollow THOK. He reels back She limps quickly across the threshold into the darkened apartment. Behind her the Chief and Vernon are yelling at each other doesn't look back.
84) 0) text: Jill staggers across the burned-out hallway, heading for lounge, her own head throbbing, filled with fire. She ree drunkenly, leaning on the bat for support. She knows she's nearing the limit of her strength but the something she has to do. Behind her, Vernon starts across the threshold, Chief and right behind him.
87) 0) text: The door RAMS home on its pistons and the Chief's body un at the waist. His arms twitch, his mouth wide open, vomiting a dark jet blood so thick it's almost solid. Shades staggers back against the railing, still clutching legs. Vernon falls to his knees and throws up on the carpet. Jill looks away, sobbing, staggering into the lounge, the baseball bat raised in front of her. Behind her, the door begins to slice open and closed, ove over, the runners greased with blood, sparks showering fr control console.
88) 0) text: Jill slowly crosses the room, glancing warily about. Then sees Mo and starts forward with a gasp, kneeling beside h momentarily forgetting her own peril. She touches him and head tips slackly to one side. Behind the half-closed lid eyes are dull as marbles. Jill shivers, a sob rising insi
88) 1) dialog: Oh, Mo...Mo... Why couldn't you wait for me...? She reaches out, softly touching his face, straightening hair, leaning forward as if to kiss him...
88) 2) text: I love you... She notices that she’s kneeling in a pool of blood that h spread beneath him. His left arm is folded under his torso. She turns him over. His robot prosthetic hand is missing, severed from his wr Dark fluid drools from the stump. Jill recoils with a gasp, staggering to her feet. She turns, brandishing the baseball bat, screaming, mindi tilting slowly into madness.
88) 3) dialog: 
88) 7) dialog: (raising the bat) SHUT UP! You want me to hit you with this again?! ! Vernon vehemently shakes his head.
88) 8) dialog: Then just shut the fuck up!
88) 10) dialog: Yeah, eventually. Not today.
88) 13) dialog: 
88) 15) dialog: 
88) 19) dialog: You have been programmed incorrectly! I am not the enemy and this is not the zone. I am an unemployed scrap sculptress and this is a residential building. The android seems to be thinking. Then:
88) 20) dialog: You need to be reprogrammed. What is your memory bank access code?
88) 22) dialog: How does your brain work. Tell me about your design.
88) 25) dialog: She spins around and the android is almost upon her. She YELLS, an animal cry of rage, BATTERING crazily at th android’s head and exposed brain, keeping it at bay as sh down the hall. She braces herself against the bathroom door, making a s the android comes at her again. She lashes out but the android deflects the blow and she her grip on the bat, sending it CRASHING through the glas partition. One of Mark 13's claws catches her on the jaw and she ree backwards, landing awkwardly on the tile floor of the sho cubicle, the cut in her scalp reopening, blood trickling forehead into her eyes. Her hand fumbles blindly across the broken glass, reachin the handle of the baseball bat. Mark 13 comes at her fast, now, talons SCRATCHING across tiling, pinning her down with its newly-acquired prosthet The red warning light on the back of the other hand blink life. She SCREAMS. A severed power cable SPUTTERS in the creature's damaged but nothing happens. Jill realizes why the android had to itself into the power socket before electrocuting Vernon. Mark 13's drill arm WHIRS to life, telescoping out toward about to finish something it started once before. Jill SC her head twisting from side to side, her legs thrashing, hands clawing in vain at the android's armored breastplat
92) 0) text: Shades stumbles over Chief's torso and sprawls on the cha floor as the door SLAMS shut behind him with lethal force sits up, staring at the door in disbelief. Then he hears Jill SCREAM again and he starts to his feet prising the automatic from Chief's grip and heading towar bathroom.
93) 0) text: Jill's fingers fasten on the baseball bat. Grasping if with both hands she SLAMS it into the android throat. It backs off an inch and she struggles violently to squir its grasp. The drill spins only inches awav from her flesh. Its mouth snaps at her, hvpodermic teeth dripping venom. Its claws tangle in her blanket and the fabric TEARS loud she pulls away. She kicks the android in the chest, breaking one of her t hurtling backwards, pulling right out of the blanket. The blanket is still warm and for a moment the android is confused. The drill bites into empty cloth and Jill inche The android looks up, clutching the rags. Knows it’s been tricked. Then Shades is suddenly in the doorway, leveling the Chie automatic at the android's head. The gun jumps in his hand and the bullet WHINES off the creature's armor plating, RICOCHETING around the cubicle spray of glass. Jill SCREAMS and ducks and the android turns to Shades, l at him as if he were no more a distraction than a fly. Sh stares back, red light glinting in his dark glasses. It i he hears a countdown for a lift-off echoing in his mind. The android tenses, preparing to spring. Shades levels the gun again, finger tightening on the tri Jill tries to regain her footing but her leg no longer se respond. She reaches for something to grab hold of. Her hand falls hot water tap. She tries to lift herself. The tap just sp under her weight and all she manages to do is turn on the Steaming water sprays from the shower head and the andro sensors go crazy. Jill backs off, inching away as the creature runs amok, a flailing in all directions, clawing at the falling water trying to grab hold of the steam, the shower partition disintegrating around it in a cloud of pulverized glass. To Mark 13 the water is a stream of golden light. There is light everywhere, now, even covering its chassis reaches out toward the source of the light, a coruscating like object on the cubicle wall. It reaches toward the shower head. It feels the light slowly seeping into its body. Seeping mind. Setting its mind on fire. It begins to understand. Hot water sprays across its eyes, driven in rivulets acro metal chassis. Jill sees a flurry of sparks begin to rise from its expos brain. The android emits a deafening, high-pitched mechanical SC it shorts out, its arms pinwheeling out of control. The prosthetic hand is tearing at the android's own wirin Jill suddenly understands and turns both faucets on full. The android writhes beneath the gently spray, a haze of s filling the air. It falls on its back, twitching spastica arms a blur of motion, glass scattering all over. Its brain matrix burns out in a burst of blue sparks and last it lies still. The sharp, electric smell of burning insulation hangs hea the air. Shades takes a step forward, lowering the gun, staring at deactivated android in disbelief.