13) 1) text: LINCOLN WEINBERG, JR., a short, stocky man with close-cro hair wearing a gaudy Hawaiian shirt, presses the remote l his camera, keeping one eye pressed to the viewfinder. Th shutter opens with a CLICK, exposing another frame, and t auto-wind mechanism WHIRS into action. A trickle of sweat runs down his forehead.
13) 2) dialog: Yeah, take it! Take that big dick! Take it all, bitch! He re-adjusts the infrared lens of his camera to maximum telephoto, panning slightly to keep Jill in the center of frame, peering through the parallel bars of the blinds, s the cascade of her hair, the curve of her breasts... His hand eases itself into his lap, his finger jerking on remote trigger, almost a reflex action now. He sees Mo's claw at her back, hard enough to bruise, and he groans. J shudders, her spine arching, and Lincoln shudders with he He blinks, trying to keep her moonlit image in focus.
13) 3) dialog: God... I love you...
25) 0) text: Lincoln is crouched by the window, following Mo through t of his camera.
25) 1) dialog: That's it, loverboy. Just keep on walking. He pans his camera up once more to focus on the window of apartment.
42) 0) text: Lincoln shivers, the remote lead jumping in his hand, not understanding what he sees. Everything across the way is of movement. Something big, the size of a large dog, has the girl’s place on the bed and seems to be eating the ma He squints through the lens, trying to figure out what it it refuses to conform with anything he’s seen before. He he glimpses a pair of glowing red eyes and a bobbing, alm human head and shoulders but the arms and legs are all wr blur of motion, limbs twitching like a big, clockwork spi He sits back, shaking his head.
42) 1) dialog: I’m losing it. I’m fucking losing it. Unable to resist, he bends to the camera again and recoil immediately, crying out, retaining only an image of eyes windows into hell. He can't shake the conviction that wha is was watching him right through the lens, waiting for h take a look, and now it's seen him. Now it knows his face He sits back, nervously picking at his acne, the beginnin idea taking form in his head.
45) 4) dialog: Hi.
45) 6) dialog: I'm a neighbor.
45) 8) dialog: (holding out his hand) Lincoln Weinberg, Jr. Jill is torn. Immobilized. She doesn't want to let this c Doesn't want to join him outside. Doesn't want to stay in He's still holding out his hand. She glances back over he shoulder. Shakes his hand.
45) 9) dialog: I thought you might need some help.
45) 11) dialog: Well... He suddenly raises the camera to his eye again. FLASH! She blinks, disoriented, irritated.
45) 12) dialog: Don't mind me. It's a pornographic -- photographic study I'm...working on...sorry.
45) 16) dialog: Your boyfriend. tight-lipped. His eyes dance up and down the length of She suddenly realizes that she's wearing only the skimpy kimono -- -- and that she has a blow-torch in her hand. She points him. He steps Fevered. The door
45) 17) dialog: You must have pretty weird taste in men.
45) 19) dialog: Listen. I have to talk to you. I know a lot about you. I know things about you that you probably don't even know about yourself...I bet.
45) 21) dialog: Whoops.
45) 23) dialog: It's okay -- The sound of loud HEAVY METAL comes crashing from the lo the lights the hallway flicker. Lincoln looks bemusedly a
45) 24) dialog: Whoa! What's going on around here?
45) 26) dialog: What?!
45) 28) dialog: It's okay. Take it easy. We can go to my place. Jill shoves him aside and types a series of digits into t console. Nothing happens.
45) 30) dialog: Someone's activated the emergency override. You can only unlock it from the main terminal.
45) 32) dialog: I used to be with the security and surveillance company that installed all the remote cameras and safety locks in this block a few years ago. You made me coffee while I was here.
45) 34) dialog: That's okay. I don't mind. The light flickers again and the music cuts off.
45) 36) dialog: It sounds like something's overloading the power grid. another abrupt BURST of sound and then silence again.
45) 38) dialog: Where's the main terminal?
45) 40) dialog: Don't worry. I know what I’m doing. Here. Gimme that. He's reaching for the blow-torch. She's reluctant to hand over. He peels He turns
45) 41) dialog: Come on! it from her grip and heads down the hall.
45) 43) dialog: I'm right here.
45) 45) dialog: All right. toward the lounge, brandishing the blow torch, while Jill crouches beside the locked door, her back against th
45) 46) dialog: Hello in there. Any androids in there? Come out, come out... Lincoln vanishes into the gloom. For a moment there is si Then the HEAVY METAL MUSIC comes on again, louder than before.
45) 47) text: (shouting) Lincoln! (pause) Lincoln?! ! Lincoln's voice comes back to her, yelling from the loung
45) 48) dialog: It's okay! I'm in here. I've found the terminal. There's nothing in here! She furrows her brow doubtfully. After a moment, she tipt into the lounge and sees Lincoln standing beside the bed, at the claw marks in the mattress. He looks at her with a a leer.
45) 49) dialog: Hot night, huh? Jill isn't really listening. Her gaze is scanning the roo
45) 50) dialog: You and the boyfriend really tore up the sheets. Heh. She's still looking worriedly about. He follows her gaze. Shrugging.
45) 51) dialog: I told you. (then) What's his name?
45) 53) dialog: Your boyfriend's.
45) 55) dialog: Moses. Jeez. Some name. He's not around much, is he? You should get a guy who doesn't leave you alone so much.
45) 57) dialog: What if i sing? You want me to sing?
45) 59) dialog: (crossing to the console) Let's see... um ...how about this? (snapping his fingers) Dum. Dum. Dum. (typing on the keyboard) Oh we all walk the wibberlee wobberlee WALK. Oh we all talk the wibberlee wobberlee TALK. And we all wear wibberlee wobberlee TIES. And we look at all the pretty girls with wibberlee wobberlee eyes. Oh - kay! That should do it. He gives her an amiable smile. She gestures toward the do her head.
45) 61) dialog: Wait. Why'd you...? She just wants out.
45) 63) dialog: Nothing. I just wanna...
45) 65) dialog: Your blinds.
45) 67) dialog: Dum. Dum. Dum. Oh we all sing the the wibberlee wobberlee song. Until day is daw-ning... He crosses the window, making a feeble attempt at dancing looking quite absurd in his baseball cap and Hawaiian shi clutching the blow-torch in one hand.
45) 68) dialog: And we all have that wibberlee wobberlee feeling in the morning. (smiling back at her) You don't want to keep these closed. You won't see Santa Claus coming. He pulls the sash, opening the blinds. A red light falls him and his smile freezes. There is a face looking back a from the other side of the blinds. A thin, malevolent fac eyes like fire, one side dark as night, ablaze with the s the other a misty blue blur of airbrushed clouds. It seems to smile at him and he notices that its teeth ar hypodermic needles. He realizes that he should try to get back but he can't s tear himself away from the creature's gaze. Slowly the an reaches out for him, the slats of the blinds crumpling ar and as if from a great distance he hears Jill begin to sc Steel hands enfold him and he feels himself lifted from t ground. He gives himself over to the embrace, the blow-torch drop from his numbed fingers. Perhaps this is what he came for. Perhaps this, at last, is love. This angel places a hand face as if in absolution. Sparks dance in his eyes and he to burn. His legs twitch, dancing in the air. There is a smell like burning rubber. His axial vertebrae dislocates with a sharp CRACK and blu rises in a plume from his hair. Then, in a final instant hot ecstacy, the angel slides a power drill into his groi its electrified fingers punch through his eyes into his b Everything lets go at once, blood and urine jetting acros Venetian blinds. To the the android's heat sensors the bl liquid, golden light. It opens up more holes with its dri letting out the light, digging deep into the husk, lookin the source. The light washes over its hands and then beg fade. Mark 13 lets Lincoln crumple to the floor, still si astride him, riding out his final spasms, smoke rising al it. Slowly the light dies. Jill SCREAMS and SCREAMS, trying to shut out the wet tear sounds as the android disembowels him, the drill WHINING as it grates against one of his ribs. Mark 13 twitches ecstatically, banging Lincoln's head aga floor as it works its fingers ever deeper into his skull.
47) 0) text: Mark 13 drops the messy remains of Lincoln's head with a thump, its limbs suddenly still, listening to the banging floor, realizing somewhere deep inside it's damaged brain still has work to do. It pivots around, infra-red eyes searching for the girl.
62) 0) text: Jill covers her head with her hands as shards of hot meta around her. Her sleeve catches fire and she rolls on the to smother it, crawling across the blackened carpet towar lounge. Somewhere a fire alarm has begun to RING. The air seems filled with oily wisps like seeds from a bl dandelion and, looking up, she sees that the kitchen simp there anymore. The doorway at the end of the hallway is a like a chimney, the air shimmering with heat. She catches the flames for a while, half expecting someth move within the inferno and then something does but it is blazing wall-fitting subsiding in a cloud of sparks. She into the flames until the sweat evaporates and she feels eyebrows shrivel. Then, satisfied at last, she gets to he and limps back into the lounge, cradling her wounded arm her chest. She stands on the threshold, surveying her apartment. Th scrap sculpture. The twisted Venetian blinds and blood-st walls. The torn sheets and gutted mattress. The melted te receiver dangling slackly on its cord. Lincoln's body spr beside the window, his Hawaiian shirt dark with drying bl white drift of feathers strewn all around him. She shakes her head.
94) 2) text: This is Angry Bob wishing you and yours a very, merry Christmas! A HEAVY METAL version of "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" c loud as another day begins outside the apartment. The bodies of Mo, Vernon, Chief and Lincoln lie very stil listening to the radio as it gradually gets light.