19) 0) text: Jill picks her way through the debris, cradling a steamin coffee. She sits down in the middle of the room and cross legs, still feeling strangely disoriented. She taps anoth from an already half-empty pack of ‘Acapulco Gold' and re out to flick the television's remote control, turning up volume on a late-night news bulletin. The NEWSCASTER smil reassuringly at her, his voice silky and emotionless, his and complexion flawless, probably computer generated.
19) 1) dialog: The Department of Agriculture announced today that further rationing under the new austerity guidelines is likely in the wake of the soya crop blight and the resulting forty percent shortfall in the harvest. The government has announced plans to set up a special task force to deal specifically with this problem and the recent reports of widespread defiency-releated diseases in the inner city. Jill takes another drag on the joint, turning her attenti unfinished sculpture. A collage of mutilated dolls, welde blowtorch into a single circular unit, interlaced with ba wtre and rusty surgical implements.
19) 2) dialog: Meanwhile, public resistance to the emergency population control bill continues to grow. The bill would mandate -- Jill flips the remote button, channel and turning to a ha pornography then to some music station where a nameless h metal band is batting its way through its latest number, undulating sea of dancers, surrounded upwards, hands reac desperately outlined by a blue neon grid of laser beams. Jill smiles, more at home now. She scrambles over to the scrap and begins to shift through the android's remains. torso is still largely intact, almost humanoid above the but degenerating below the hips into a truncated tangle o cables and hydraulic tubing. Jill’s fingers lightly trace the course of a shrapnel wo she leans forward to try to make out a battered serial nu what seems to be some kind of military insignia engraved breastplate. A stylized moon and a thunderbolt. She count arms, three of them ending in slender hands with long, de jointed fingers while a fourth terminates in a rugged stu paws through the scrap, frowning, but the missing hand is to be found. Two crumpled subsidiary arms project like insulated cater legs from the android's stomach, one tapering into a jagg bit and the other ending in a pair of rotating pincers. Jill smiles to herself, glancing up at the unfinished dol sculpture. Then she hauls on a pair of paint-spattered electrician's gloves and begins to work. Mo stris, gradually coming awake to the sound of heavv me bass turned too high, and the WHINE of a power saw in-ope somewhere in the gloom behind him. He sits up, turning to Jill crouched over the android's remains, still dressed i kimono but wearing welding goggles now and wielding a cir saw. He can’t quite make out what she's doing but he can see s the darkness, the clenched line of her jaw and the hurtin of her eyes behind the goggles. Rapt, almost mesmeric in concentration. He rubs his eyes and yawns, glancing at his watch. He pul his trousers and shambles over to the window, lighting a cigarette. Behind him the power saw cuts off for a moment changes to her airbrush, setting to work on the android's He smiles, neon washing over his face. Jill stands, raisi android's severed head and placing it in the midst of the fresco so that it forms a new centerpiece and Mo sees tha has painted one side of the steel skull with light blue c and the other with a dark, star-studded sky. He laughs an turns to him.