1) 0) text: The Darkness becomes a shifting veil of sand and we are i the funnel of a dust storm. The veil parts, momentarily r a vista of dunes, a thin poisonous wind shipping across t crimson spray. Then the veil closes again, shifting to re new tableau. Abstract shapes silhoutted against a red sky. A steel fence post. A coil of barbed wire. A body, its outline softened by the dust, broken and half its ragged uniform fluttering in a mockery of life. A glint of dusty metal. A minefield laid bare by the restless wind. Another shape gains resolution in the dust. A steel hand appears, jointed fingers pointed skyward, ve intricate web of cables and hydraulic tubing, born of fir A seething dust cloud appears low on the horizon, a dark emerging from its swirling grain, fluttering for a moment grounded bat, drawing closer, becoming the figure of a NO swathed in a flapping scarf and a ragged duster, face sha a wide-brimmed hat, shoulders hunched beneath the weight bulging military backpack. He holds a long stick like a s one hand and as he approaches we see the sunlight glisten his tinted blast goggles and on the transparent respirato protects his face. The nomad is moving hurriedly, trying to keep ahead of th his eyes nervously scanning the horizon. There is a sharp crack and two flares drift down behind h will-o’-the-wisps falling from the red sky. He glances around and his eyes catch a glint of metal thr gloom. Slowing, he weaves his way across the minefield, feeling path with the tip of his stick, his eyes focused on a sha buried beneath a low ridge of sand. He sees the reaching synthetic hand and hunches beside it sweeping away the dust, the wind helping him, and slowly emerges from the earth. A steel face with eyes like red jewels, features scorche marked by shrapnel wounds.The nomad begins to dig more sw now. He glances furtively around and then looks down, smiling discovery. The steel skull could be smiling back at him.
6) 12) dialog: Nowheresville. Mo and Shades nod. They know what he means.
6) 13) dialog: Looks like it stepped on a frag mine. No legs at all and the torso is... all fucked up.
6) 15) dialog: Fifty. Now Shades looks at him!
6) 17) dialog: (no nonsense) Fifty.
6) 19) dialog: Done.