5) 2) dialog: New York, Max. That's the place' to make it now. Just think of it. Over nine thousand tons of steel. (more) SHADES (Cont'd) Five thousand tons of aluminum. Four million miles of copper wire. Twelve thousand windows. Tons of audio gear. Auto parts. Typewriters. Kitchen appliances. Works of art still in the galleries. Just hanging there. Clothing. Toupees. Bridgework. False teeth. Prosthetic limbs. You name it. There's a killing to be made. New York has it all. Nobody's gonna repopulate the Big Apple, now. It's too ripe with radiation. The count's way up. All that stuff's just going begging. It's salvage city, Max. You'd love it.
5) 4) dialog: Why not? It's a good name. Anyway, give New York some thought. It's a lot safer than the zone and the move would do you good.
5) 6) dialog: Retire to what? Mo gives a nod to the overalled workers as he and Shades to the dilapidated warehouse at the center of the yard.
6) 0) text: Mo and Shades step through the sliding doors into a large It’s wide as an aircraft hanger, lit by hanging flouresce and dusty skylights. The remains of gutted electronic equipment and dismember androids are stacked everywhere, mechanical limbs and hyd tubing dangling from the rafters, giving the place the ap of a cannibal's den. ALVY, a dwarf clad in threadbare, gr covered overeralls and holding a spanner in one hand, is over the shivering, partly-animated torso of a malfunctio domestic bot. He looks up from his work at the approachin and grins. ALVY. Well, well, well. Taking a little vacation, huh? Is this authorized? Mo slips the bag of his shoulder. It hits the floor with shifting CLANK.
6) 9) dialog: What the fuck? Shades picks up the skull, awestruck. The nomad delicatel it from him and replaces it.
6) 30) dialog: Kinda scary-looking for a maintenance drone.
6) 32) dialog: Nobody around to put him back together, though, huh?
6) 34) dialog: You figure? Mo narrows his eyes briefly at him. Alvy plucks the skul his hands. Shades frowns. Alvy shines a light in the andr eyes. it...
6) 45) dialog: Jill doesn’t have any use for fake flowers. Not when she can have real metal. Mo nods at the pile of remaining parts.
7) 0) text: The temperature is still rising and heat shimmers in the tar and concrete valley of the street. Mo and Shades dism from a pedi-cab and move through the CROWD, dodging the c man-powered vehicles. Knots of figures sit clustered like barnacles in the shade of each supporting pillar of the e roadway, their legs almost under the wheels of the traffi is a low RUMBLE as a truck passes on an overhead expressw Mo and Shades pass a row of rusting, wheelles cars, smok from the chimneys in their roofs. Several TEENAGERS are b beating up a WINO they’ve got pinned against one of the h The wino breaks free and comes stumbling across Mo’s path falls to one knee, grasping at Mo’s leg, begging inarticu for help. The kids LAUGH. Mo looks menacingly at them, his hand falling to the butt shotgun. The kids clam up. Mo holds their sullen gaze. He the gun from its holster. The kids finally retreat down a The wino murmurs his garbled thanks, pawing at Mo's leg.
7) 2) dialog: Tough guy.
7) 4) dialog: That's why you're still in the corps, isn't it? Mo gives him a look. Fed up.
7) 6) dialog: You tell me. Mo rolls his eyes.
7) 7) dialog: No, really. Tell me why.
7) 9) dialog: I get around, too, and at least I'm still in one piece.
7) 11) dialog: Don't knock it. At least it’s quick. One pssht and you're gas spread out over a thousand miles of stratosphere. Think of the view. No coughing your lungs out in a bunker or sitting around waiting for the first cancer cells to show up or your kids to be born blind and blue because you've had one dose too many and come up snake eyes in the genetic crap game you play every time you go zone tripping. DO you think Jill wants you to go on strolling around out there up to your ass in radioactive iodine for the rest of your life?
8) 2) dialog: Some hophead drove a land cruiser through it. Put Tommy in the hospital. Did you know him?
8) 4) dialog: Two, three months ago. (beat ) Right after - you left. Mo pauses at a batteted computer terminal and types in an code before turning to face the steel doors of the lift. doors are slightly buckled as if someone has tried to ope with a crowbar. A grating metallic WHINE comes inside the elevator shaft. Mo waits for a while, listening as the wh drops to a lower pitch and then cuts out entirely. He ra door in frustration.
8) 16) dialog: You didn't mind waking me!
8) 18) dialog: You shoulda called. Think she'll let you stay?
8) 20) dialog: Ha! That's a laugh! She couldn't be more secure than she is now. She's sealed in tight. She doesn't need you or me.
8) 22) dialog: She doesn't stick her little toe out of there if she doesn't have to.
8) 24) dialog: I keep an eye on her. Mo stops, turns back. Eyes him narrowly. Shades shrugs ag a little embarrassed. Mo finally smiles.
8) 26) dialog: Sure. I'll do what I can. Sure. (then) You going somewhere? Mo turns and climbs to the top of the stairs. He stands o the steel door of an apartment. He reaches for the buzzer
10) 4) dialog: (whispering) I'll make up the couch.
11) 0) text: Jill stands there, eyes downcast. Torn. Finally shaking h in self-reproach and tapping a key. She heads toward the There is a HISS as the apartment's hydraulics go into act the front door slides open on steel runners to reveal Mo Shades standing on the threshold. Jill takes a geiger cou hanging from its peg in the hall and runs it over them.
11) 6) dialog: How’s it going?
11) 10) dialog: What do you feed it?
11) 15) dialog: No, that's okay, thanks. I want to talk to the super about the air conditioning before we all fry.
11) 17) dialog: Yeah. There's hope yet.
11) 23) dialog: I’m gonna head out. You guys... They're still locked in embrace.
11) 25) text: Later, Shades. Shades gives a little ironic salute, taps a number on the next to the door. The door SHUNTS open. He ducks out. The HISSES shut. Jill and Mo kiss. Deeply. Holding each other tight. The steel skull lies where Jill left it, still smiling, t embracing lovers inverted, reflected in the depth of its eyes.
36) 3) dialog: Ayuh... He grins at Mo, seemingly naked save for his dark glasse
36) 5) dialog: Hey, uh...wow, um...it's cool, but...right now it's, uh, kinda difficult... Do you know what time it is?
36) 7) dialog: (looking around uneasily) Oh, Jeez. Oh...Christ. It had to be tonight. He laughs nervously.
36) 9) dialog: My heart feels like an alligator.
36) 11) dialog: You know that tab of acid I was saving...?
36) 13) dialog: Yeah. I dropped it. Like...Christmas can get pretty crazy on your own, y'know? I've just been sitting here staring at the stars all night. The sky's so beautiful...
37) 0) text: Shades sits cross-legged in front of the console wearing pair of boxing shorts, the vid-phone receiver cradled in hand, candles burning everywhere. Books on eastern philos mysticism are spread on the floor around him, their pages intricate mazes and mandalas. The lights in the room are turned down and outside the pi window the stars really are beautiful. Shades hears a soft thud and looks up from the console, momentarily distracted. There is a moth outside, beating against the glass, its w silver in the moonlight. Shades smiles and, getting to his feet, takes a step towa window, entranced by the waiting stars. He reaches out to touch the glass, Mo's voice growing fai far away but still insistent.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
37) 4) dialog: What's going on? You in trouble with the cops again or --
37) 6) dialog: Okay, okay. Just let me get my pants on. Shades is trying to climb into his pants. He almost falls
37) 8) dialog: No sweat. I'll be seeing you later, huh?
37) 10) text: Oh, yeah. Noooooo problem. See ya. Bye. Shades smiles and hangs up the receiver, standing silent moment, listening to the dull flutter of the moth's wings against the glass.
55) 0) text: Shades stands outside the locked door, shifting uneasily foot to foot, chewing a piece of bubble gum. He presses t doorbell again, frowning. Then he BANGS on it with his fi
55) 1) dialog: 
57) 0) text: Shades shakes his head, dumbfounded.
57) 1) dialog: Jeez. He leans back against the railing, crossing his arms and a big, sticky bubble.
59) 4) dialog: Hey, I don't know, man! She wouldn't answer the door! Mo practically hurls him down the steps.
63) 5) dialog: Mama-mia. He kneels next to Lincoln's corpse, shaking his head. The looks up at the broken window and the sky beyond. He seem mesmerized by the view. He rises to a standing position. out. Chief turns off the fire alarm and ducks back into the ro
68) 0) text: Shades is already running on the stairs when he sees the the apartment downstairs burst open and a distraught Chin couple come running out onto the landing, screaming for h dashes down the flight, pushing past them into the lighte doorway.
69) 1) dialog: Oh no. He bends and lifts her, her away from the holding her gen his arms as he drags snaking power cable, chanting a mant his breath to try to make things all right.
72) 0) text: Earlier that day. Shades walking beside him, expounding.
72) 1) dialog: New York, Max. That's the place to make it, now. Think about it.
77) 4) dialog: It's all right! Just stay quiet now. Everything's gonna be all right. (beat ) There's nothing you can do. She pushes him away, sitting up, realizing that she's bee wrapped in a blanket on a couch in the downstairs neighbo lounge. Her eyes search the faces of the onlookers.
83) 0) text: Jill struggles painfully up the steps, clutching the base bat, the blanket tied around her like a cloak. She turns down at the gathering mob, threatening them with the bat them at bay as a red dawn breaks across the rooftops. Shades and the Chief stand at their forefront. Shades hol his hands to her.
83) 1) dialog: Okay, Jill, that's enough. What do you think you're going to do with that? She swings the bat at him.
85) 1) text: There is a HISS of hydraulics and the apartment door slid on its runners, its control circuits sparking, close to o Chief sees the door closing and makes a dive for it. He doesn't make it. The door catches him just above the hips, squeezing him a the frame, driving the wind out of him, his body armor CR The hydraulics SQUEAL. The door automatically reopens. Chief gasps, trying to get up, but there seems to be some wrong with his legs. Shades grabs him by the feet, trying to pull him back acr threshold. Vernon turns, too slow, his gaze meeting Chief's for a mo Chief's eyes are wide with fear.
87) 0) text: The door RAMS home on its pistons and the Chief's body un at the waist. His arms twitch, his mouth wide open, vomiting a dark jet blood so thick it's almost solid. Shades staggers back against the railing, still clutching legs. Vernon falls to his knees and throws up on the carpet. Jill looks away, sobbing, staggering into the lounge, the baseball bat raised in front of her. Behind her, the door begins to slice open and closed, ove over, the runners greased with blood, sparks showering fr control console.
88) 24) dialog: 
89) 0) text: Shades watches miserably through the swiftly opening-and- door. Breathing in and out through his nose. Mouth shut t closes his eyes at the sound of another SCREAM.
90) 0) text: Earlier that day. Mo turned to Shades on the stairs. Looking at him serious
91) 0) text: Shades opening his eyes and mouth. Drawing a long breath. Stepping back. Watching the door SLAM open and closed. Counting under his breath. Closing his eyes again. Humming softly to himself. Trying to match the tone of the electrical pulses that po door. He opens his eyes and jumps, sailing across the threshol tremendous leap that would have made a samurai warrior pr
92) 0) text: Shades stumbles over Chief's torso and sprawls on the cha floor as the door SLAMS shut behind him with lethal force sits up, staring at the door in disbelief. Then he hears Jill SCREAM again and he starts to his feet prising the automatic from Chief's grip and heading towar bathroom.
93) 0) text: Jill's fingers fasten on the baseball bat. Grasping if with both hands she SLAMS it into the android throat. It backs off an inch and she struggles violently to squir its grasp. The drill spins only inches awav from her flesh. Its mouth snaps at her, hvpodermic teeth dripping venom. Its claws tangle in her blanket and the fabric TEARS loud she pulls away. She kicks the android in the chest, breaking one of her t hurtling backwards, pulling right out of the blanket. The blanket is still warm and for a moment the android is confused. The drill bites into empty cloth and Jill inche The android looks up, clutching the rags. Knows it’s been tricked. Then Shades is suddenly in the doorway, leveling the Chie automatic at the android's head. The gun jumps in his hand and the bullet WHINES off the creature's armor plating, RICOCHETING around the cubicle spray of glass. Jill SCREAMS and ducks and the android turns to Shades, l at him as if he were no more a distraction than a fly. Sh stares back, red light glinting in his dark glasses. It i he hears a countdown for a lift-off echoing in his mind. The android tenses, preparing to spring. Shades levels the gun again, finger tightening on the tri Jill tries to regain her footing but her leg no longer se respond. She reaches for something to grab hold of. Her hand falls hot water tap. She tries to lift herself. The tap just sp under her weight and all she manages to do is turn on the Steaming water sprays from the shower head and the andro sensors go crazy. Jill backs off, inching away as the creature runs amok, a flailing in all directions, clawing at the falling water trying to grab hold of the steam, the shower partition disintegrating around it in a cloud of pulverized glass. To Mark 13 the water is a stream of golden light. There is light everywhere, now, even covering its chassis reaches out toward the source of the light, a coruscating like object on the cubicle wall. It reaches toward the shower head. It feels the light slowly seeping into its body. Seeping mind. Setting its mind on fire. It begins to understand. Hot water sprays across its eyes, driven in rivulets acro metal chassis. Jill sees a flurry of sparks begin to rise from its expos brain. The android emits a deafening, high-pitched mechanical SC it shorts out, its arms pinwheeling out of control. The prosthetic hand is tearing at the android's own wirin Jill suddenly understands and turns both faucets on full. The android writhes beneath the gently spray, a haze of s filling the air. It falls on its back, twitching spastica arms a blur of motion, glass scattering all over. Its brain matrix burns out in a burst of blue sparks and last it lies still. The sharp, electric smell of burning insulation hangs hea the air. Shades takes a step forward, lowering the gun, staring at deactivated android in disbelief.
93) 1) dialog: Jesus... The smoke thins, affording them a clear view of Mark 13's motionless carcass lying sprawled on its back in a shallo puddle. The spray rings lightly on its chassis, dripping its mangled face, pooling in its one remaining eye socket leaking deeply into its lifeless circuits. With a CRY of rage Jill somehow gets to her feet and star forward, dancing naked over its body, BEATING at its head the baseball bat, SCREAMING and SCREAMING, the blood runn her in pink rivulets. She beats at it until its head is nothing but a tangle o microchips and the bat splinters in her blistered hands. Shades puts a hand on her shoulder and she turns with a s threatening him with the remains of the bat. He holds his up to her.
93) 2) dialog: Jill! Listen to me! Listen...! It's over! You killed it. It's dead. Look. He kicks the android. It makes a hollow PLONK.
93) 3) dialog: (seriously) It's not going to get up. It’s finished. Okay? Jill stands beneath the hot spray, rubbing her eyes and a unnoticed, she lets the tears come, joining the rivulets water already running down her body. Shades takes off his flight jacket and drapes it around h shoulders. Jill drops the remains of the bat and lets him her from the cubicle.