4) 0) text: The sole occupant of the apartment is already awake. A fi crouched in the midst of the tangle of sculptures, surrou numerous pencil sketches of insects, face hidden by a bat welding mask, body swathed in paint-spattered overalls, t nozzle of an oxy-acetylene torch held in gloved hands, sp showering everywhere. The door buzzer rings: a long held BUZZZZZZZZ. The metal curses, turns off the gas and crosses to a computer contr console in the lounge, On the way, she turns down the mus dull throb. She props up her welding mask and types a series of digit the computer. Her face is prematurely careworn but attrac She's in her late twenties, her hair hanging in strands, slick with sweat. Her name is JILL. A screen blinks into life on the console, patching into a security camera that is trained outside the apartment doo There's no one there. She bites her lower lip and taps a few more keys and gets down the hall and then a view from the other direction. N there. She exhales in frustration and types. After a few seconds of electronic snow the face of a blo appears in a haze. He's got a bandanna wrapped around his forehead and a wad of gum in his teeth. This is VERNON.
4) 1) dialog: Yo.
4) 3) dialog: Hi, Miss Monroe. No, he's out on his rounds right now. I can have him call ya.
4) 5) dialog: When was this?
4) 7) dialog: We didn't see anybody.
4) 9) dialog: Huh?
4) 11) dialog: Will do, Miss Monroe. The screen blinks off. Jill mutters.
8) 8) dialog: Yo! Mo raises his hand to say hello, but Vernon has ducked ba of sight.
49) 0) text: Chief and Vernon sit hunched over a chess board, CHINESE ROLL turned up to full volume on Chief's transistor radio echoing off bare concrete walls that are lined with video monitors and pages torn from pin-up magazines. Vernon tak of Chief's pawns, grinning, the end of his tongue pinched his front teeth.
49) 1) dialog: Pow! Pow! Pow! Boom! Chief slides his bishop across the board.
49) 3) dialog: Oh, wha! How'd you do that? I didn't see that coming. Vernon bends over the board, peering myopically at the pi retracing the move.
49) 6) dialog: (holding his head) Ow! Ow-wow-wow!
63) 0) text: Mo stands in the doorway, the shotgun cradled in his arms and Vernon flanking him, clutching their automatics.
83) 4) text: Get out of my way, Vernon!
83) 5) dialog: You don't want to go in there, Miss Monroe.
83) 8) dialog: It's still in there!!!
84) 0) text: Jill staggers across the burned-out hallway, heading for lounge, her own head throbbing, filled with fire. She ree drunkenly, leaning on the bat for support. She knows she's nearing the limit of her strength but the something she has to do. Behind her, Vernon starts across the threshold, Chief and right behind him.
85) 1) text: There is a HISS of hydraulics and the apartment door slid on its runners, its control circuits sparking, close to o Chief sees the door closing and makes a dive for it. He doesn't make it. The door catches him just above the hips, squeezing him a the frame, driving the wind out of him, his body armor CR The hydraulics SQUEAL. The door automatically reopens. Chief gasps, trying to get up, but there seems to be some wrong with his legs. Shades grabs him by the feet, trying to pull him back acr threshold. Vernon turns, too slow, his gaze meeting Chief's for a mo Chief's eyes are wide with fear.
87) 0) text: The door RAMS home on its pistons and the Chief's body un at the waist. His arms twitch, his mouth wide open, vomiting a dark jet blood so thick it's almost solid. Shades staggers back against the railing, still clutching legs. Vernon falls to his knees and throws up on the carpet. Jill looks away, sobbing, staggering into the lounge, the baseball bat raised in front of her. Behind her, the door begins to slice open and closed, ove over, the runners greased with blood, sparks showering fr control console.
88) 5) dialog: What are we gonna do now?!! We can't get out!!
88) 9) dialog: (sobbing) But...but...it's gonna kill us. It got the Chief. You can't stop it. We're gonna die! She turns slowly, scanning for the creature, nodding.
88) 11) dialog: You...promise?
88) 12) text: (nodding) Cross my heart and... you know the rest. She hobbles over to the computer terminal. Vernon steps w into the room, his eyes searching the wreckage. He sees a stain on the floor and stares at it. A drop of hydraulic hits him on the cheek and he glances up at the ceiling. Mark 13 grins down at him, hanging from the light fixture hand plugged into the power socket. Vernon has just enough to time to let out a strangled yel the creature grabs him by the face and lifts him off the His automatic falls to the carpet, discharging a single s
94) 2) text: This is Angry Bob wishing you and yours a very, merry Christmas! A HEAVY METAL version of "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" c loud as another day begins outside the apartment. The bodies of Mo, Vernon, Chief and Lincoln lie very stil listening to the radio as it gradually gets light.