4) 4) dialog: Do me a favor, Richie...
7) 0) text: We follow GREG FEINSTEIN through a reception office.  Gre a senior broker here at JT Marlin.  He walks tall, wears  expensive clothing, drives a Ferrari.  But if you look cl you can see the high school loser who made good.  An attractive secretary in her mid-twenties, DEBBIE HILLI picks her head up when Greg walks in.  Debbie is black.   She's street smart and has that "in the know" look about Greg walks straight up to Debbie.  He doesn't look happy.
7) 1) dialog: Morning baby.  You wanna tell me where  the fuck you were last night?
7) 3) dialog: That what you think?
7) 5) text: Greg, incensed, GRABS her by the arm as a group of broker walks in.  He tries to act like he's showing her somethin the computer but she angrily SHAKES loose of his grip.  G leaves her and walks into...
8) 5) dialog: No, I understand why you'd be  concerned.  You just have to calm down  for a second.  You see nothing's  changed.  Our game plan's the same.   Look, this is off the record, but I  spoke to the controller this morning.   He assured me that they will be  reporting better than expected third  quarter earnings next month. (soothing) Right.  See I'm telling you, just sit  tight, everything's fine.  It's type  two buying power.  You're golden.  Call  me in a month from now when you're  rich.  Bye.
8) 6) text: One of Greg's trainees, MARC, approaches with a stack of  cards.
8) 8) dialog: I hope these are better than the last  batch of shit you gave me.  You produce  more wood than Ron Jeremy.
8) 10) dialog: I see you making your calls.  Listen to  me, you can't just get on the phone and  say, 'Can I send you some information?'   If you want them off the phone so bad,  why don't you just hang up?  You have  to excite them about things.   You want them to beg for a broker on  that first call.
8) 11) text: Debbie walks through the trading floor to drop a package at a broker's desk.  Greg watches, seething.
8) 13) dialog: Just stop pussying out every time  someone picks up the phone; it's what  you want.
18) 0) text: A black Ferrari rips around the corner.  Greg and Adam em from the car.  Adam knocks as Greg squeezes past him.
20) 12) text: Seth leads them over to the tables and discreetly puts th cash away.  Greg takes notice.  Seth shuffled the cards.
20) 14) dialog: That's cute, like the green spot on a  roulette wheel.
20) 16) dialog: How many idiots take that bet?
20) 18) text: Greg laughs and then removes a huge wad of cash.
20) 20) dialog: You didn't say anything about the  betting.
20) 22) dialog: Five hundred Max?
20) 23) text: Steve, who has just walked in with the sandwiches stops d after hearing Greg's suggestion.
20) 25) dialog: That's okay.  You can pay me tomorrow.
20) 27) text: Greg unfolds his bank roll and puts down a wad of cash.
20) 28) dialog: Five dimes.
20) 31) dialog: Denomination?  Ummm, I'll take three  Puerto Ricans, two Chinks and a Guinea.
20) 33) dialog: I'll let you mix it up for me.
20) 34) text: Seth takes the money and pushes it into the cash box.  He then counts up $5,000 in chips for Greg.
20) 36) dialog: If the shoe fits, baby.  Oh shit.  You  got real chips.
20) 38) dialog: (laughing) Look, they even say "Seth's" on 'em.   This is no joke.
20) 42) text: Greg reaches over to the platter for a sandwich.
20) 43) dialog: And you pay for food and drinks for all  these kids?
20) 45) dialog: You and me both.
20) 47) dialog: (laughing) Holy shit, would you listen to this  kid.
22) 0) text: It's the end of the night.  Seth sits with Greg.
22) 1) dialog: I'm just saying, this is risky  business.  You plan on dealing cards to  college kids when you're thirty-five?   Think you won't get busted in the next  two years?  You need to start thinking  about down-the-line time.
22) 3) dialog: (laughs) First of all, I'm not done with your  here.  And no, you'll only be working  for me for a short time.  You learn the  ropes, pass the series seven, then  you're on your own.  Just ask Adam,  he'll tell you.
29) 0) text: It's 8:00 and the trading room is already packed.  Seth s at his new desk with a box of cards in front of him. Greg drops down in a seat next to him.  He picks up the b of cards and starts right in.
29) 1) dialog: These are the D&B cards.  Dunn and  Bradstreet.
29) 3) text: Greg checks his paper as he continues...
29) 4) dialog: They're the company that supply us with  our leads.  Every one of these cards is  an opportunity.  These are good leads.   People on these cards buy stock.  Your  job is to call them and get them  interested in the firm.  You're not  actually selling stock yet, but you're  selling the dream.  Get 'em wet and  tell them that in a month from now a  senior broker will call them back with  one idea.
29) 6) dialog: Average client's forty-five years old,  from the Midwest, two hundred and fifty  thousand dollar annual income, three  million net.  Has a local broker, but  loves a New York guy who sounds good on  the phone.  The card's not gonna tell  you any of that.  Only says their name,  address and occupation.  You gotta feel  them out. (picks up card) Here.  Peter Davis, Vice President of  Parks Telecommunications.  Guy's  probably a whale.  See what he's  playing with.  Truth is it doesn't  matter these days.  With the DOW where  it is now, everyone wants a piece of  the market.  I can close anyone at any  time anywhere in the country.  Just  give me a phone number.
29) 9) dialog: I'm not here.  After you qualify the  guy you send him a press packet.  It's  all really easy and it'll get you  feeling comfortable on the phone, which  is key.  This entire business revolves  around the phone.  A good broker makes  over seven hundred calls a day.
29) 11) dialog: This month was approaching four hundred  thousand.  Now listen to me.  Even  though you're not actually selling  stock yet, I want you to remember the  coda we have here. Did you see  Glengarry Glenross?
29) 13) dialog: Alright then, you remember ABC?
29) 15) dialog: Right.  Always -- Be -- Closing.   That's the attitude you need.  Always  be closing Seth.  Telling's not  selling.  Now there's two rules you  need to know as a trainee.  The rest  will come later.  Number one, we do not  pitch the bitch here.
29) 17) dialog: We don't sell stock to women.  I don't  care who it is, we don't do it.  I'm  serious.  Nancy Sinatra calls, you tell  her you're sorry.  They're a constant  pain in the ass and never worth the  trouble.   They will call you every fucking day  asking you why the stock is dropping.   And God forbid the stock should go up  you'll hear from them every fifteen  minutes. (mocking) Is it a good time to sell?  It's simply  not worth the time or effort.
29) 19) dialog: Second rule.  Don't write wood.  A lot  of trainee are so anxious to get off  the phone they just steamroll the guy  into getting the press pack so they can  hang up.  Then I call in a month and  say, Hi, you spoke to a junior  associate of mine last month.  The  guy's like, Yeah, I'm not interested.   Bye.  That's a shitty lead.  It's  fucking wood.  The info we send is  bullshit.  The important part of the  call is telling them you have that one  great idea, and that a broker is going  to call them back in a month.  This  shows that we don't just fire a million  recos a day.  We tell them we have six  or seven great ideas a year!  They  don't want to think you're pitching  them something you read in the journal  this morning.  Get it?  No wood. 
29) 21) dialog: Don't even start with that shit.  I'm  just telling you what your place is and  what I expect of you.  I'm making your  job easier.
29) 22) text: This is not the Greg that Seth remembers from the casino.
29) 24) dialog: Alright, now we're talking.  You should  go into every call thinking just that.   If they want a recommendation, you put  the guy on hold, you stand up, and yell  "RECO" at the top of your lungs.  The  first senior broker to get to the phone  gets the sale.
30) 0) text: Seth walks up the path toward Greg's house.  It's a beaut The door is open and Seth slowly lets himself in.  He pas through the living room which as no furniture -- just  cardboard boxes waiting to be unpacked. In the den there are 15 guys from the firm sitting on the floor.  They're eating pizza and drinking beer.  A huge T sits against a wall, the only thing in the room besides t pizza. They are watching the movie "Wall Street".
30) 2) dialog: (pointing at TV) Shut-up, shut the fuck up, Gecko's  coming.  Alright my turn.
30) 3) text: The doors to Gordon Gecko's office open and Greg begins. following is intercut with scenes from the film.
30) 4) dialog: What the hell's goin' on?  I'm lookin'  at two hundred shares, pal.  I wanna  know if we're part of it.  We better be  or I'm gonna come down and eat your  lunch for you.  Back in two, Alex.
30) 11) dialog: So you say.  Nice to meet you.  Hope  you're intelligent.  Where'd you get  these?
30) 13) dialog: So what's on your mind, Kimosabi?  Why  am I listening to you?
33) 6) dialog: Hey Warren Buffet, you trying to e  cute?  Make the fucking calls!  You're  not a fund manager!  How's it going  there, Seth?
33) 7) text: Seth shrugs his shoulders.  Greg comes over.  The phone i ringing.
33) 9) dialog: Okay, first of all there are going to  be a lot of those regardless of how  good you are.  But you happen to suck  dick.  I have this friend who runs this  other firm.  He gives out this book to  all his trainees.  The Rebuttal Book.   Looks like a fil-o-fax.  Has those  index tabs but they don't say A to B to  G to H, they say things like Wife won't  let me, I'm not in the market now, Call  me back, Send me a prospectus.   Has a rebuttal for any excuse.  That's  all the shit you're gonna have to learn  later.  For now you only have to  remember one thing.  You can be whoever  you want on the phone.  So say what you  have to.  Use a different name if you  want.  Tell them you're a vice- president here.  Just get them on the  line.  That's the first step.  It's the  hardest part sometimes, but just get  the cocksucker on the line.
33) 11) dialog: Illegal?  No, Seth.  Everyone does that  shit.  Even on Wall Street.  And John  over there, he works for us.
33) 12) text: Greg points to John who is at a desk in the back of the r
33) 13) dialog: He's a fucking chimp.  The only  compliance work he's doing is making  sure my lunch is still hot when it gets  here.  He's only here because the SEC  requires it.  He might have the easiest  fucking job in the entire world.  Look  at him I think he's actually  masturbating right now.
33) 14) text: A Fed-Ex package is brought over by Debbie.  She's got a of them in her hands.  She smiles at Seth as she drops th package on Greg's desk.  Greg sees this.
33) 15) dialog: Bad news.  Stay the fuck away.
33) 18) dialog: (smiling wide) I did.
33) 21) dialog: I did.
33) 22) text: Greg opens the package and removes a good $20,000 in cash Seth's attention is snapped back to Greg and the package.
33) 23) dialog: Fuckin' A.  Only bookie in New York  that delivers Federal Express.
37) 0) text: We are at a "broker bar" with Greg, Chris, Richie, and Ad The guys have come from work.  They look very confused.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah.  What is this?  Looks like an  insurance salesman convention.
39) 5) dialog: Hey pal.  We ARE brothers.
41) 1) dialog: Can we get the fuck out of here now?
42) 3) text: Seth looks over towards Michael's office and sees Greg an three other team leaders coming out.
42) 55) dialog: He's still a trainee.  He doesn't need  to know about initial sell limits.
42) 57) dialog: That's great.  Why don't you go back to  little Italy now?
42) 58) text: Greg points across the room.
42) 64) dialog: Seth, I showed you where Chris' desk  is.
44) 0) text: This is a local bar near the office. Several exotic cars are parked outside.  The sight is  incredibly strange in this lower-middle class neighborhoo Greg's Ferrari is there and we see the license plate: "2  RIP".
45) 0) text: About 35 brokers are here drinking.  Seth sits at a table with Greg, Adam, Chris and a group of junior brokers and  trainees.
45) 3) dialog: You mean worked.
46) 8) dialog: Booked.
47) 0) text: Seth is out of the game watching from the side.  Greg's l is atrocious and he too is soon out.
47) 1) dialog: (to Seth) Let's go get some reserves.
47) 2) text: Greg bumps into a local coming out of the bathroom.
49) 0) text: Greg is driving.  Seth still has a blank look on his face
49) 1) dialog: You okay?
49) 3) dialog: Me?  You think I was watching?  I can't  look at that stuff, makes me nauseous.   You have to understand.  These are not  the kids you and I grew up with.   Remember in Hebrew school when a  shoving match was a big deal?  Worst  case scenario, someone's yarmulka got  knocked off.
49) 5) dialog: These guys are no joke.  They get  tanked up, throw a quick fist.  And  then some of them actually like it.   Like Richie.  He probably thought I was  being tough back there, just staring at  that guy.  I was shitting my pants.
49) 7) dialog: Thanks.  Those fucking Guineas, half of  them do coke.  They all drink.  No  stability, zero capital.  They make all  this money and they're always living  three steps ahead.  Do you know there  are guys in this firm that make close  to a million a year and couldn't get a  loan for a Honda because their credit  is so bad.  Everyone's just waiting for  the fifteenth of the month.  It's like  they may drive a Porsche but they don't  have ten bucks to put in the gas tank.   Nigger rich.
49) 8) text: Seth looks at Greg.  He's not the person he thought he kn The two drive on in silence.  Greg passes JT Marlin.
49) 10) text: Greg pulls into the lot where Seth's car sits.
49) 11) dialog: Alright, I'll see you back at Mickey's  then.  Oh, on the other thing.
49) 13) dialog: Don't forget what I told you about  Debbie.  She's trouble.
49) 15) dialog: Seth, I see what goes on.  And I'm  telling you as your friend, she's a  whore, Seth.  A fucking whore.
49) 17) text: Seth gets out of the car before Greg can respond.
56) 0) text: Seth is talking to Debbie.  Greg gives them a dirty look.
65) 2) text: Seth pushes hold.  The table erupts in cheer.  Debbie is  there as well.  She too congratulates Seth.  He's beaming Greg comes over to the table.  He goes straight to Adam.
65) 3) dialog: What happened?
65) 5) dialog: Hey Seth, get over here.
65) 7) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?  You just  violated a huge SEC regulation.  Who  told you to start closing accounts.   You're a fucking trainee.
65) 10) dialog: Hey!  You got a conoli you can stick in  your mouth.
65) 12) dialog: I don't care about the money, Seth.   Imagine if every trainee started  handling their own recos.  This shop  would be closed in about a week.
65) 14) dialog: What would that be?
65) 15) text: Greg turns around to see Debbie.
65) 16) dialog: Don't you have to answer the phones or  something?
65) 17) text: She laughs at him but doesn't move.  Greg sees that the b are heading into Michael's office for their lunch time  gathering.  He decides to leave things for now.
65) 18) dialog: We'll finish this later.
65) 21) text: Greg is fuming but has to hide it.  He pats Seth on the b
65) 22) dialog: Big time baby.  We'll get to see if  you're as good as you say you are.  It  gets pretty fucking hectic in there,  little man.
65) 23) text: Seth walks toward the office.  Greg stays behind.
65) 24) dialog: What the fuck was that?  Don't tell me  he's why we're not hitting it anymore.
70) 0) text: Seth, Chris, Greg, Richie and two of their friends from  another firm, Steve and Roger, are driving on the LIE.   Besides for Seth, they are all wearing suits. Jay-Z blasts on the system.  All heads are bobbing  simultaneously.  Shots of the approaching New York skylin
70) 2) dialog: Yeah right.  You'll still be at exit 53  off the LIE motherfucker.
70) 3) text: The song in the car changes and Richie recognizes it.  He raps along.  Seth jumps in.  Greg, however, doesn't look  happy.   He's pissed that Seth has gotten so close with his friend They make their way down 2nd Ave and park near a trendy  restaurant.
72) 15) dialog: (suddenly) What the fuck do you know?  You just  passed your seven this week.  Haven't  even popped your cherry yet.
72) 16) text: All eyes on Greg, surprised at his tone.  Seth ignores hi
72) 18) text: Laughter all around.  Greg realizes he is alienating not Seth, but his friends too and so he makes amends...
72) 19) dialog: Alright guys.  I want to make a toast  to the man of the night.  Highest  Series Seven score in the whole firm.   You are the big swinging dick tonight.
72) 24) dialog: Oh, I don't care about that.  I'm just  excited for your promising future.
77) 7) text: The room again breaks into cheers.  Greg and Chris gets p on the shoulder.  Seth looks at Chris in awe.
93) 4) text: Greg calls out from the head of the table.
93) 5) dialog: Hey Seth, hate to bust in on your  little victory speech, but that's your  fortieth account.
93) 7) dialog: Well you're out, but that account's  mine.
93) 9) dialog: No you don't.
93) 12) dialog: Sorry Seth.  I couldn't do it if I  wanted to.  It's the rules.
93) 14) dialog: Get the fuck out of here, Chris.
93) 15) text: Greg gets up and walks toward Seth.
93) 18) text: Greg moves very quickly toward Seth who doesn't react qui enough.  Greg SHOVES him hard enough to send him sprawlin
93) 19) dialog: You're on my team, I'm not on yours.   Try to remember that bitch.
106) 1) dialog: We're not fucking around today, guys.   I'm sure you all know that we're going  to be getting a lot of heat for what  Farrow Tech did yesterday, so be smart  on the phone.  Calm them down.  I don't  want people dumping their shares.
106) 6) text: Adam pulls out a sell ticket and quickly fills it out.  H then takes it to Greg to be signed.
106) 7) dialog: (enraged) What the fuck is this?  You think I'm  gonna sign a sell ticket for you?  What  did I just say?
106) 8) text: Greg takes the slip and rips it up in front of him.
106) 9) dialog: Call him back and explain the situation  to him! (to everyone) No one's gonna unload today, no one!