25) 19) text: One of the doors of the trading room opens.  Seth catches glimpse of several brokers crouched down, playing dice ne the far window of the trading room.  The door closes in S MOTION as Seth cranes to get every possible view. Out walks JIM YOUNG.  Jim is a team leader at JT Marlin. is dressed to the T.  He looks like someone not to be fuc with.
25) 20) dialog: Alright guys, come this way.
26) 0) text: The room used mostly for interviewing and on the rare  occasion a meeting is needed with someone outside the fir Jim walks in to find Marc sitting at the head of the tabl He laughs to himself.
26) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, but that's my seat.
26) 3) dialog: It's alright.
26) 6) dialog: You can get the fuck out of here.
26) 8) dialog: Don't talk to me, don't look at me,  just pick your ass up out of that  Italian leather chair and get the fuck  out of this room.
26) 10) dialog: We expect everyone here to treat their  co-workers with a certain level of  respect.
26) 11) text: Everyone in the room is silent and staring at Jim.
26) 12) dialog: (calm) Now before I get started I have a  question.  Has anyone here passed the  series seven?
26) 15) dialog: Good for you, now you can get out too.
26) 17) dialog: Because we don't hire brokers.  We  train new ones.
26) 18) text: Jim waits for him to leave the room and then calmly  continues.
26) 19) dialog: This is the deal.  I am not here to  waste your time and I can only hope  you're not here to waste mine.  So I'm  gonna keep this short.  You become an  employee of this firm and you will make  your first million within three years. (pauses) Okay?  Let me repeat that.  You will  make a million dollars within three  years of your first day of employment  at JT Marlin.  Everybody got that?   There is no question as to whether you  will be a millionaire working at this  firm, the question is how many times  over.
26) 21) dialog: You think I'm joking.  I am not joking.   I am a millionaire.  It's a weird thing  to hear, right?  I'll tell you, it's a  weird thing to sa.  I'm a fucking  millionaire.  Now guess how old I am?   Twenty-seven.  You know what that makes  me here?  A fucking senior citizen.   This firm is entirely comprised of  people your age, not mine.  Lucky for  me, I am very fucking good at my job or  I'd be out of one.  You guys are the  new blood.  You're gonna go home with  the kesef.  You're the future Big- Swinging-Dicks of this firm.  Now you  all look money hungry and that's good.   Anybody who says money is the root of  all evil, doesn't have it!  Money can't  buy happiness?  Look at the fucking  smile on my face.  Ear to ear, baby.   You wanna hear details?  I drive a  Ferrari 355 cabriolet. (throws keys on desk) I have a ridiculous house on the South  Fork.  I've got every toy you can  imagine.  And best of all, kids, I am  liquid.
26) 22) text: Jim takes a pause here and circles the room.
26) 23) dialog: So now that you know what's possible,  let me tell you what's required.  You  are required to work your ass off.  We  want winners, not pikers.  A piker is  someone who walks at the bell.  A piker  asks how much vacation time he gets in  the first year.  See, people work here  to become filthy rich.  No other  reason.  That's it.  You want vacation  time?  Go teach third grade public  school.
26) 24) text: Jim pours himself a glass of water from a carafe and drin
26) 25) dialog: Your first six months at the firm are  as a trainee... you make one hundred  and fifty dollars a week.  After you're  done training, you take the Series  Seven test.  When you pass, you become  a junior broker and you'll be opening  accounts for your team leader.  After  you open forty accounts you begin  working for yourself and then... sky's  the limit.  Now a word about being a  trainee.  The other brokers, your  parents, whoever: they're gonna give  you shit about it.  And it's true, a  hundred and fifty a week is not a lot  of money, but pay no mind.  You need to  learn the business and this is the time  to do it.  Once you pass the Series  Seven none of it will matter.
26) 27) dialog: Your friends are shit.  You're gonna  tell them you made twenty-five thousand  last month and they're not going to  believe you.  Fuck them!  Your parents  don't like the life you lead?  Fuck you  Mom and Dad!  As a trainee you will be  building a foundation for yourself.   Think of it as the foundation to a  building.  Right?  Gotta build the  foundation before you can put up your  skyscraper.  You know what I built? (takes out a model) The fucking twin towers.  Now go home  and think about whether this is for  you.  If you decide it isn't, nothing  to be embarrassed about.  It's not for  everyone.   But if you really want it, then give me  a call on Monday and we'll talk.  Just  don't waste my time.  Alright.  That's  it.
26) 28) text: Jim walks out of the room leaving the door open behind hi No one has moved from their seat.
52) 1) dialog: I want to talk to you about appearance.   Most of you dress like shit.  I don't  know what your financial situation is  like right now but you need to buy at  least one decent suit.  There is a  minimum level of aesthetic  professionalism that we have here.  In  a couple of months you'll be able to  outfit your whole closet, but for now  just get something to hold you over.   There's an important phrase that we use  here and I think it's time you all  learned it.  "Act as if".  Do you  understand what that means?  Act as if  you are the fucking president of this  firm.  Act as if you have a nine inch  cock.  Act as if.  To do this properly  you need to at least look the part.  So  go get dressed.  Secondly, it's time to  get your Series Seven books.  No need  to get nervous.  If you study you'll  pass.  Then you begin trading as an SEC  licensed broker.  Then you're a fucking  millionaire.  It's that simple.  I need  three hundred from each of you for the  books which will be returned if and  when you pass the exam.  And I'll need  that tomorrow.
52) 5) text: Others are discussing where they will come up with the mo as the meeting comes to a close.  Jim gets up from his ch
52) 6) dialog: Okay then.
52) 7) text: Seth is already up and walking towards Jim.  He takes out roll of cash from his breast pocket and peels off three  hundred dollar bills in front of Jim.  He looks proud doi it.
52) 10) dialog: What are you, last night's erection?
52) 12) text: Jim slaps him on the shoulder as he walks out.
65) 19) text: He walks toward the office when Jim steps out for a momen
65) 20) dialog: Hey Seth.  You just earned a spot pal.   Get in here.
85) 0) text: Seth kneels on the floor rolling dice with some other  brokers.  He turns to see a kid sitting in the waiting ro staring at him just like he did months earlier. Jim walks in and all of the brokers jump to find seats. drops his coat on the desk and starts right up.
85) 1) dialog: This is gonna be a quick one, boys.   You passed your sevens over a month  ago, and yet no one has opened the  necessary forty accounts for their team  leader yet.  Seth is the only one of  you that's even close.
85) 3) dialog: I did it in twenty-six days when I was  a junior broker.  You're not sending  out press packets anymore.  None of  this Debbie the Time Life operator  shit.  It's time to go to work.  Get on  the phones and be aggressive. (uncovering his coffee) I remember this guy once called me to  sell me some stock.  I let him pitch  me.  I got every fucking rebuttal out  of this guy.  Kept him on the phone for  an hour and a half.  Toward the end I  started asking him buying questions.   Like, what's the firm minimum?  That's  a buying question.  I ask a question  like that, he should take me down.   It's not like I asked him what his 800  number was.  That's a fuck off  question.  I was giving him a run but  he blew it.  To a question like, What's  the firm minimum the answer is zero!   You don't like the idea, don't pick up  a single share.  This putz is telling  me... (mocking) ...ummm, a hundred shares?  Wrong  answer!  You have to learn how to  close.  Always be closing!  You have to  push.  Keep asking questions.  Ask  rhetorical ones just to get a yes out  of them.  If you were drowning and I  threw you a life jacket would you grab  it?  Yes?  Good.  Pick up two hundred  shares, I won't let you down.  Ask a  guy if he'll let you down.   Ask a guy if he'll be happy to see  thirty to forty percent return.  What's  he gonna say?  Fuck you, I don't want  to see those returns?
85) 5) dialog: Stop laughing, it's not funny.  If you  can't close then start thinking about  another career.  I'm serious.  I am  dead serious about that.  Have your  rebuttals ready.  Anybody says call me  tomorrow, that's bullshit!  Anybody  says they got money problems about two  hundred shares is lying.  You know what  I say to that?  Tell me you don't like  my idea, tell me you don't like my  firm, tell me you don't like my fucking  tie, but don't tell me you can't pull  twenty five hundred together.  You hear  me, boys?  There is no such thing as a  "no sale" call.  A sale is made on  every call you make.  You either sell  the client some stock or he sells you a  reason he can't.  Either way it's a  sale.  The question is, who's gonna  close, you or him?  Be relentless!   Alright, I'm done.
85) 6) text: Jim walks out as suddenly as he came in.  Seth ambles out the office.  He has many things on his mind.  He sees Chr
102) 9) text: Seth pushes hold.  Jim Young has walked in front of the b and begins to speak to the firm.
102) 10) dialog: Just got word from Michael.  The rip on  Farrow Tech is now three dollars.