1) 0) text: SETH DAVIS stares out the window. Seth is 20 years old.  No menacing physical presence but sharpness that you feel right off.  He's a smart kid.   Confident but edgy.  Eyes always darting. The bus is filled with 19 and 20 year olds.  They wear ve sharp suits: Hugo Boss, Armani, very slick. They're going nuts.  Cards games in the aisle.  Five guys throwing dice in the back.  Booze and coke, yelling,  screaming.
3) 0) text: A top level manager for Bally's runs toward them.  He gre MICHAEL BRANDTLEY with a warm handshake.  Michael owns JT MARLIN, the company that these kids work for.
9) 1) dialog: You still owe me twenty-five bucks.
9) 3) dialog: From what?
9) 4) dialog: I spotted you at Douglaston last week.   Remember?  The birdie on nine?
9) 5) dialog: Oh yeah, yeah.
9) 7) dialog: Here you go.  Now pass me the  sauerkraut, you stank ho.
9) 9) dialog: Yo, where did you get those?
9) 10) dialog: Mind your fucking business.
13) 0) text: There are two full-size couches and a coffee table.  A la screen TV, VCR, and Sega game system sit in one corner. windows in the room are covered by red-velvet curtains. The centerpieces of the room are two blackjack tables.   They're for real -- professional felts, cash boxes, stool Seth hits the lights.  He stands there in sweat pants and "cunning linguist" T-shirt, dealing to the three kids.
16) 0) text: The room is now filled with people.  The television is  blasting out a Knicks game.  The tables are at their  capacity.  Many more stand around placing bets on the  dealer's hand. Seth is dealing on one table and one of his employees, JE an even younger looking kid, deals at another.  One patro at the center of all the action.  He looks very nervous a the stakes he's playing.
17) 0) text: The room is near empty.  The clock on the wall reads 3:00 The last two kids there finally call it quits.  No more  money.
17) 2) dialog: Fuck you!
24) 0) text: It's lunch time as Seth pulls up in his mother's Volvo wa The first sight he comes across is 14 kids in wing-tips a dress shirts playing street hockey in the parking lot. There are three Ferraris right in front.  The rest of the is filled with Mercedes SL's, Corvettes, and other exotic As Seth closes the car door, he spots a bright yellow "Je Mother on Board".  He throws it on the floor in the back.
26) 4) text: Marc JUMPS to another seat.  He is chided by one of his  friends, the same kid who was having words with Debbie.
26) 13) text: One hand goes up.  It's one of the few kids who wears a g suit and wasn't too worried looking in the waiting room.
26) 20) text: Every kid in the room besides Seth is completely starry e at this point.  Some mouths even hang open.  Seth is exci too, but is smarter than the rest... he doesn't show it.
73) 0) text: HARRY REYNARD sits at his desk doing paperwork.  Average somewhere in corporate America.  Has a photo of his wife two kids on the desk.  His PHONE RINGS.
84) 31) text: Susan and the kids all detect this change in tone.
85) 0) text: Seth kneels on the floor rolling dice with some other  brokers.  He turns to see a kid sitting in the waiting ro staring at him just like he did months earlier. Jim walks in and all of the brokers jump to find seats. drops his coat on the desk and starts right up.
111) 0) text: Harry is sitting on the floor of the living room as his w LEAVES with the kids.  He is crying again.