3) 0) text: A top level manager for Bally's runs toward them.  He gre MICHAEL BRANDTLEY with a warm handshake.  Michael owns JT MARLIN, the company that these kids work for.
3) 2) dialog: Great, great.
3) 4) dialog: Let's go to the room.  The boys look  hungry.
4) 6) text: Seth is sitting in an armchair with a drink in his hand. Michael moves to the front of the room to make an  announcement.  He has a glass of wine in his hand.
4) 7) dialog: Quiet down a second.  I want you all to  know that those pikers at the NASD are  finally off our ass.  JT Marlin once  again has unlimited trading  authorization.  I told you guys, you  can't keep a good man down. (big applause) We are the superstars now.  JP Morgan  just faxed over their congratulations.   It said, "Welcome to the Club."  This  also means that the teams headed by Ron  and Anthony who were good enough to  give up their rep numbers, can stop  cold calling and start trading again.   Welcome back.  To show you guys just  how appreciative I am, I have a little  something extra for you.   I want all of you guys from those teams  to go up to suite 418.  We're players  now, boys, let's celebrate it.  Salute!
29) 7) text: JOHN FEINER, the compliance officer, walks out of Michael office.  He looks at Seth as he walks by.
42) 3) text: Seth looks over towards Michael's office and sees Greg an three other team leaders coming out.
46) 6) text: Michael Brantley walks in at this point and pushes his wa down into the circle.  Everyone goes nuts when they see h
46) 7) dialog: Alright, I got the roller.  I can't  believe you guys aren't fighting over  it.  Betting against Greg's roll is the  only sure thing there is in the world. (to Greg) What are we going, two hundred dollars  on this?
59) 0) text: It's lunch time and Set remains at his desk studying for series seven.  He looks up to see a group of brokers comi out of Michael's office.
65) 17) text: She laughs at him but doesn't move.  Greg sees that the b are heading into Michael's office for their lunch time  gathering.  He decides to leave things for now.
66) 0) text: A group of brokers stand around Michael's conference tabl Seth is standing in the doorway as they lift a huge craps felt onto the table.  Jackets are removed.  Seth looks  shocked. The game begins as Michael pulls out a set of dice.
67) 0) text: Seth is getting into his car.  He sees Michael and a coup of other senior managers walking out of the building.  Th walk away from their cars toward another office building. Seth follows keeping his distance walking next to the  shrubbery.  He sees them go into the building.  He turns  away.
77) 3) text: Seth looks at Chris for further explanation but Michael w up to the front of the room and it quickly quiets down.
77) 4) dialog: How's everybody doing?
77) 5) text: The room erupts into cheers at this simple question.  Som yell out Michael's name.  There is a strong energy in the room.
77) 6) dialog: Good to hear.  First thing, I wanted to  congratulate you all on a huge month.   For any of you not yet convinced, these  were the top dogs for the month: Jim  Young -- $280,000.  Chris Varick -  $205,000.  Greg Feinstein - $190,000.
77) 8) dialog: This month is going to be bigger.  It's  actually going to be the biggest month  we've ever had.  We've got a new issue  I want to talk to you about.  It's  called Med Patent.  They've just  designed the world's first retractable  syringe.  This means that doctors and  nurses will never again have to worry  about infection from dirty needles.  This is not going to be an alternative  in the medical world, it's going to be  the standard.  We all know we're here  to make money, but if we can do  something good like this, then all the  better.  So I want you all to go out  and buy yourselves a new car, or a  house.  Whatever you want.  Go into  debt.  You will make a million inside  of six months.
77) 10) dialog: Now, onto matters of recreation.  We're  taking a class trip tonight so call the  ladies and tell them not to wait up.
86) 0) text: It's late afternoon as Seth walks out the front door.  He heads toward the building he saw Michael and the other gu go into.
87) 13) text: Seth finds the suite and opens the door.  He stops in  amazement.  It's the identical set up of JT Marlin's floo The desks are all in and there are close to 400 phones in room.  Nothing else.  Suddenly he hears VOICES from aroun the corner of the L-shaped room.  He ducks behind a filin cabinet.  Michael and John Feiner come around the corner.
87) 14) dialog: Now if the heat does come and we have  to jump, how long will it take to move  the whole firm?  I mean everything.