4) 1) dialog: Holy shit, that's the jockey from  Venezuela.  He's a sicko.  I heard he  weighs like forty-eight pounds.
4) 3) dialog: Whatever.  Give me three to one on that  skinny nigga.
4) 5) dialog: (laughing) You wanna throw down?
5) 0) text: CLOSE UP ON RICHIE, a broker with a bad temper, who is  fucking a prostitute from behind on one of the double bed the room.  He's still half dressed.  There is nothing sen about it. We PAN OVER to the other bed where another broker is fuck a prostitute.  The two men are looking at each other and  laughing. The women are quiet.  There is a lot of noise coming from hallway in the form of lewd CHEERS.
30) 5) text: Richie picks it right up.
30) 6) dialog: Sorry, Jeff.  Look, I loved it at  forty, it's an insult at fifty.  Their  analysts?  They don't know preferred  stock from livestock.  Alright, we wait  till it hits south, then we, we raise  the sperm count on the deal.  Get back  at ya.
37) 0) text: We are at a "broker bar" with Greg, Chris, Richie, and Ad The guys have come from work.  They look very confused.
37) 1) dialog: Yo.  I thought this shit was a broker  hangout.  Merryl Lynch, Solomon Bros,  the big dicks.
39) 2) dialog: Who the fuck are you?
39) 12) dialog: Yeah right.  And I'm a black Negro.
41) 0) text: Richie is being carried out by two bouncers.
46) 2) dialog: Booked!
47) 4) text: The dice game comes to a halt.  All eyes are on this  confrontation.  Richie does not wait for it to sort itsel out.
47) 5) dialog: He doesn't have to say shit.  Now why  don't you go back to your Heineken and  shut the fuck up.
47) 7) dialog: Do I give a shit?  If you're talking to  me, then you're talking to me and my  fucking crew.
47) 8) text: The local sees what he's up against and wisely opts out. Richie decides to have a go anyway GRABBING him by the ba of the shirt yanking him back into the small alcove.
48) 0) text: We move along the wall until we pass a door which FLIES o Richie pulls the guy outside with the help of three other brokers.  Richie does not waste any time once outside.  H KNEELS quickly, coming down on his stomach.  The man's fa raises off the floor in response and Richie ATTACKS his h He stops as suddenly as he started, stand up, and spits o him.  The man is completely unconscious.  Only Seth carri the expression of genuine shock.  The others have seen th before. Richie goes back in and closes the door.
70) 0) text: Seth, Chris, Greg, Richie and two of their friends from  another firm, Steve and Roger, are driving on the LIE.   Besides for Seth, they are all wearing suits. Jay-Z blasts on the system.  All heads are bobbing  simultaneously.  Shots of the approaching New York skylin
70) 1) dialog: (looking at NYC) That's it right there, baby.  That's  where I'm gonna be next year.  I'm  gonna get me a phat space in Tribeca.   Then all you punks can come see what  real living is.
70) 3) text: The song in the car changes and Richie recognizes it.  He raps along.  Seth jumps in.  Greg, however, doesn't look  happy.   He's pissed that Seth has gotten so close with his friend They make their way down 2nd Ave and park near a trendy  restaurant.
71) 2) dialog: We have got so hang out in the city  more often.
72) 0) text: They have begun to eat their food and there are many beer bottles on the table.  Richie returns from the bathroom.
72) 1) dialog: Who UAT'd this Budweiser for me?
72) 3) dialog: I hate Bud, send this shit back.
72) 22) dialog: You know why he's this happy, Seth?
72) 29) dialog: Hey, what are you eating over there  anyway?  A little tube snake smothered  in underwear?
72) 32) text: At this comment, the other two men at the table sit strai up, ready to engage Steve and Richie.