93) 4) dialog: There are others --
96) 0) text: Rambo and Banks wade into the river.
106) 0) text: Rambo is hiding against Tay's Barrack with Banks when all of a sudden the light comes on in the Barrack the spill illuminates him. Rambo ducks.
109) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks, walks by a latrine, the door suddenly swings open almost hitting then in the face as a prison guard exits and walks directly toward his barrack, and disappears inside.
110) 0) text: Co seems to have lost sight of Rambo. She scans the camp to the treeline and back. WHAM! A booted foot smashes down on her arm. She looks up at... A North Vietnamese guard who holds an AK-47 in her face. Co stares nervously at him. There is a HISSING SOUND, then a DULL RIPPING SOUND. Co looks up to see... The guard is paralyzed by the arrow lodged in his neck an pins him to a tree. Rambo and Banks appear from the undergrowth, bow in Rambo's hand.
111) 0) text: Rambo and Co carrying Banks. Rambo sets him down.
111) 2) dialog: I think so -- Banks stops and looks at his two rescuers, his eyes darting back and forth in their hollow sockets.
111) 3) dialog: (continuing) Who are you? co He is Rambo. I am Co.
111) 4) dialog: Banks -- Lieutenant -- Air Force. co . We must get to the river... Fast! Banks sits frozen for a moment.
113) 0) text: A guard discovers Banks missing and yells to the rest of the guards.
114) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks through the swamp with Co close behind them.
117) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks and Co arrive at the sampan pretty much as they left it. The pirates keep watch.
118) 0) text: Rambo and Co start to help Banks aboard the junk. Then Co climbs aboard. Rambo is still in the water. co L.Z. two K's up river.
118) 1) dialog: Good thing you came when you did. co Why's that.
118) 2) dialog: They move us around a lot... to harvest crops. Only been there a week.
118) 4) dialog: (nods and catches his breath) Yes. co When last time you in camp here?
118) 5) dialog: Maybe a year... Hey, what year is it? co 1984... Camp supposed to be empty? Banks is shaken. co (continuing) Something not good about mission, uh, Rambo? Rambo is starting to put two and two together as he climb aboard.
122) 0) text: Rambo watches through a chink in the sheeting of the cabi as the hostile landscape rolls past... Rambo is alerted by the faint but growing SOUND OF A BOA ENGINE. Rambo moves closer to the slats in the side of the sampan and peers out... Straining his eyes because of the difficult angle he becomes startled when a heavily equipped gunboat appears from around a bend in the river... the boat was once property of the U.S. Navy. Before Rambo can turn the two pirates have weapons in his back, and neck. One pirate jerks Rambo's .45 free and stashes it in his waistband. Co is alert and tries to get to her feet. One of the pirates kicks her down and takes her AK-47. Banks is held down at gun point. co What has happened?
135) 0) text: Co slings her rifle across her shoulder and taking charge of Banks heads out of the cabin.
136) 0) text: Co jumps into the brown water with Banks.
142) 2) text: Co and Banks still out of breath, move out of anxiety tha exhaustion. Rambo joins them. Banks studies Rambo with awe. co Knew you were a good man. Rambo shoulders Banks.
147) 0) text: Rambo is crouched with Banks beside a large tree. They are taking AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE from the trees nearby. Spurts of earth leap up around them. Rambo fires a short, controlled BURST down at the ascending troops.
148) 0) text: Sgt. Tay is eyeing Rambo and Banks through binoculars as they move further up the hill.
149) 0) text: of Rambo and Banks.
152) 0) text: In the distance Rambo and Banks are seen. They are surrounded. They move out of the tree line into a sparsely vegetated area that runs along the very ridge of the towering hill. The chopper opens fire with its machine guns and the NVA soldiers back off.
157) 0) text: Rambo half-supports Banks with one arm and FIRES his AK with the other. The rifle is empty and he drops it. MORTAR ROUNDS EXPLODE on all sides. They watch the A109 skimming in low across the tree tops, almost to them... hovers and then... It veers in a tight bank and climbs out. Heads away. The dust swirls around them. A MORTAR SHELL LANDS so close it knocks them down.
158) 2) text: Framed against the grey sky, Rambo watches as the A109 diminishes over his shoulder until it's a black dot. He is so consumed with rage that his expression goes slack.. blank... a murderous disconnection from conscience. Banks looks stunned, lost. He sags to one knee. Rambo just keeps looking in the direction of the A109.
161) 0) text: Co, watching from behind foliage, as the NVA's converge o Rambo and Banks. Her expression enigmatic. She turns and disappears into the forest.
165) 0) text: Another WHACK! heard from across the compound. All the P.O.W.'s are there. Two of them, b.g., seem completely autistic. The others seem to wince, as one, with Banks, as the WHACKS ECHO across the compound.
175) 0) text: Through the bars, Banks and the two other P.O.W.'s can catch a fleeting glimpse of Rambo being dragged away. An older PRISONER speaks up in a weak voice.
185) 0) text: They watch the lights outside come up to normal brightness. Banks closes his eyes, sharing a ghost of the pain.
188) 2) dialog: Don't say nothin'! (to Yushin) Do what you want. The knife moves closer. Podovsk looks at Rambo for an answer.
190) 0) text: Rambo is helped to the table. He seems on the verge of collapse... Banks leans against the wall still in the clutches of Yushin. THUNDER shakes the room.
190) 4) dialog: Don't do it! Yushin tightens the wire around Banks' neck.
190) 7) dialog: (softly) Don't -- Banks is viciously slammed to the floor and we CUT on impact -- He is now unconscious.
273) 0) text: Yushin spins to see a filthy, blood-encrusted Rambo comin through the gun door. Yushin charges as Rambo swings inside. Yushin draws his revolver but Rambo tackles him and drive him into the control panel. With his free hand, Yushin grabs Rambo violently by the face digging his fingers into his eyes. Rambo grimaces in agony. He takes the side of his hand and drives it into Yushin's throat. He breaks the hold. Rambo elbows him across the jaw. Yushin grabs Rambo and flings him roughly against the opposite side of the chopper. He then kicks Rambo twice and is about to stomp him when Rambo rolls to his knees and drives his shoulder into Yushin's crotch and standing rams the Russian forward. Yushin grabs Rambo's neck and is crushing the life out of him... Rambo manages to drop and twist free and kick Yushin in the face. The pilot sees what is happening. He banks hard, trying to get Rambo to fall out the open door. Rambo stumbles backward, but manages at the last second t grab the barrel of the M-60 doorgun and is suspended out the door. Yushin grabs his pistol and aims as Rambo grabs his boot knife with his free hand and flings it into Yushin's chest... The Russian staggers back then forward and raises his pistol at Rambo. At the last second he collapses and falls forward and past Rambo who manages to pull his knif from the Russian's body as he is falling. The pilot struggles to maintain control and looks terrified as Rambo swings up and advances on him.
289) 1) text: Banks is covering Rambo who is hauling the last of the P.O.W.'S onto the chopper. Banks has an RPG slung over his shoulder, and an AK in his hand. A wounded Russian opens fire and badly wounds the last P.O.W.
290) 0) text: Banks levels his AK, killing the Russian and assists the wounded P.O.W. on board, then climbs in himself.
292) 1) dialog: That's Thailand? Rambo nods, eyes riveted straight ahead.
292) 2) dialog: (continuing, to the men) We're home! We're home!
308) 0) text: Rambo steps steadily out into the waning light. He takes a deep, slow breath. Starts to walk and sees Banks in the distance.
308) 1) dialog: (weakly) Thanks. Rambo nods back... In the b.g., they are carrying the P.O.W.'s stretchers or pushing them in wheelchairs toward the medical facility. Everyone stares at Rambo with respect.