5) 0) text: Rambo's chopper lands in a fury of dust and he exits. His hands are cuffed. Behind him is an M.P. Rambo is greeted by a sharp-featured American dressed in half-military, half-civilian. The chopper cuts its engines. ERICSON speaks with an air of worldly confidence...
5) 1) dialog: You can take them off. Rambo studies Ericson with a raking glance. The cuffs are removed...
5) 2) dialog: How ya doing, Rambo, I'm Ericson. We better make it over to the hanger. Rambo follows along.
5) 3) dialog: (continuing) So you're the chosen one. You don't remember me do ya? We were in boot camp together in '63. You went Forces, I went Rangers... haven't been stateside since '72. Plenty of work here. They move towards the hanger. Active military personnel head in a multitude of directions. Many are taken aback by Rambo's strange appearance.
5) 4) dialog: (continuing) You've made a hell of a rep back in Nam. Anyway, I'm glad to be workin' with ya, and... this place may not be heaven, but at least you're out of prison.
6) 0) text: A section of the hanger turns out to be a HUMMING electronic womb. Rambo and Ericson enter.
6) 1) dialog: Pretty soon we'll all be out of a job. Somebody oughta blow it to hell and keep fightin' simple. In the subdued light, banks of video monitors glow, and the status light of upright computer units line one wall. Work stations for tracking, communications, and long-rang coordination create a claustrophobic jumble of modular equipment racks. Rambo and Ericson walk towards the center of the hanger a few TECHNICIANS stare at Rambo's unkempt, almost savage appearance from several yards away.
7) 14) dialog: . Amen. Ericson smiles and continues to walk. Lifer watches Rambo with casual indifference, as if trying to size him up.
12) 0) text: The pilots, one being Ericson, go through an equipment check in the cockpit...
16) 0) text: Ericson is making some final equipment checks on the dashboard.
16) 1) dialog: The Prince of Darkness.
16) 3) dialog: That was his nickname in Nam -- "Prince of Darkness'. At night he'd go out alone and hunt Cong, then come back at dawn... no questions asked. Man has style.
21) 0) text: Ericson uses HUD (Heads Up Display) that reflects the instruments off the front windshield. This device permits a pilot to fly without ever having to look down at his instruments.
25) 1) dialog: (filtered) Back in the Badlands, my man. Even the impassive Rambo is affected as he realizes he is back "in country." Lifer holds on to the side of the plane's interior as he moves to his position at the exit door.
25) 3) dialog: Stand by your position -- insertion, minus fifteen seconds. Rambo unbuckles and half-crawls to the open door.
26) 1) dialog: Five seconds, four, three, two. Jumper away. Read light turns to green. Rambo is gone.
28) 0) text: An ALARM SOUND and Ericson nearly jumps up.
28) 1) dialog: (into mike to Lifer) Shit! What's happening?
29) 0) text: All present hear the transmission from Ericson.
31) 2) dialog: He'll be torn apart!!
33) 1) dialog: (filled with panic) Condition Red! He's hung up!?
34) 2) dialog: He's being dragged! Lifer cut him loose.
36) 0) text: Ericson eyes the radar screen.
36) 2) dialog: It'll kill him to change course!
43) 1) dialog: (to himself) Out where?
47) 0) text: Ericson and Lifer in cockpit.
47) 1) dialog: What's happened back there?
48) 3) dialog: This is Dragonfly One, over.
49) 0) text: Ericson and Lifer head homeward.
49) 2) dialog: Negative.
67) 0) text: Murdock sits behind his desk. Lifer sits in the corner nearby drinking a soda... Trautman enters... Murdock look up. Ericson is present.
67) 7) dialog: He deserves a chance. Lifer eyes Ericson and exhales out his cigarette smoke.
115) 0) text: Lifer, and the ground crew are removing the camouflage canopy from the Agusta 109 helicopter. The TURBINES are warming up with an ascending WHINE. Ericson and Trautman, f.g., turn as TECH runs toward them
115) 3) dialog: (scowling at his watch) We're probably just wasting fuel.
143) 0) text: Once again Ericson is flying. He puts the landing skids through the treetops. Trautman sits behind the seats in the main bay. The AIR ROARS in the open door and Lifer, on door gun, dangles his legs in the windstream. The rain forest is a dim blur very close below. Lifer racks the bolt on his M-60 and grins. Trautman nods politely and looks at his watch.
146) 0) text: Trautman watches over Ericson's shoulder as the HELICOPTE ROARS between the walls of the mountain pass. The ship is buffeted by turbulence, bouncing and dropping violently.
146) 1) dialog: (turning) Three minutes. The steep slopes fall away and Ericson dives the ship across the rolling foothills.
153) 0) text: as he reacts to below. Ericson is firing the machine gun.
155) 3) dialog: (filtered) Roger, Wolf Den Six... go ahead.
156) 1) dialog: Say again, Wolf Den Six. He presses the helmet-headphone tight to his ear, then turns to Trautman, cupping his hand over the mike.
156) 2) dialog: (continuing, to Trautman) I've been ordered to abort before pickup.
156) 4) dialog: Confirmation's not necessary.
156) 8) dialog: Can't do that.
156) 10) dialog: (implacable) We're independent contractors. We take our orders from who's paying.
158) 0) text: as he looks at Ericson.
158) 1) text: of Ericson.
219) 0) text: Trautman is there, nervously pacing, agitated. Murdock sits solidly behind his desk... Ericson sits on the other side of the room.
275) 0) text: Murdock looks like he hasn't slept in days. Ericson approaches.
296) 0) text: Everyone freezes as they wait for orders from Murdock... He remains silent -- eyes are shifting. Ericson looks at Trautman who yells...
305) 0) text: He shoves the equipment aside that is blocking his path t Murdock, who is seen retreating. Ericson stands in his way. Rambo, without breaking stride, clubs him with the butt of his knife.