62) 0) text: The sunlight filters into the dusty, dark hut, which is nothing more than a den of eight incredibly vicious- looking thieves... most of them drink and smoke... two worn-out river whores are present. Every conceivable space is crammed with scavenged or looted detritus: ammo cases, hubcaps, radios, a TV with n back, several guns, and a shotgun is seen among the junk. Some of the pirates are smoking opium. Wearing all manner of jewelry, including four wristwatche and a pair of filthy Western-style jeans a size too large CAPTAIN TRONG KINH grins and motions them in. The grin reveals bare gums where his upper front teeth would be.
62) 1) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) Wa-ky number one. You come number one sampan. co (Viet/subtitled) Thank you, Captain, for your hospitality.
62) 2) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) This is the man who wants to go down river. (laughs) You speak Viet? Rambo pretends like he is ignorant. co He does not understand.
62) 3) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) You have money? co Half now... half later. Co hands over a wad of American money... Kinh smiles but is not happy about the financial arrangements and barks some commands to the lounging pirates.
62) 4) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) We leave now. It's safer -- (he offers Co a drink from the bottle) . Want a drink? Good for you. He smiles, and starts out the door.
63) 0) text: Rambo, Co and two of Kinh's cronies sit in the dim interior.
63) 1) dialog: You stay here -- you want a drink? He offers the bottle again... Co shakes her head no.
64) 0) text: Kinh returns the weapon to the locker and smiles at Co.
64) 1) dialog: We will have no problems. He laughs and exits.
69) 0) text: Rambo and Co appear on deck, ready to disembark. They jump off the boat, landing in water about knee deep and head toward the jungle. co (to Kinh) You wait here... We come back, then pay rest...
123) 0) text: Kinh waves a black piece of cloth from a stick and the boat draws closer. Kinh yells at another pirate to take the helm as he goes inside.
124) 0) text: Kinh appears and his friendly smile is gone. Rambo still remains frozen with an old high standard auto shotgun lodged against the back of his head.
124) 1) dialog: Whore! Kinh slaps Co viciously... CLOSEUP of Rambo slowly moving his hand imperceptibly toward his back.
124) 2) dialog: (continuing) You help this -- American pig! He slaps Rambo, who uses the moment to catch one pirate off guard and kills him with his knife. Then throws the knife into Pirate #2's heart.
126) 0) text: Kinh seeing this panics and heads out of the cabin. Then suddenly explodes from the threshold and sprawls like a rag doll across the deck.