0) 2) dialog: Nothing is over!!!
1) 0) text: A massive explosion that blows dust into the SHOT OF THE SUN. PANNING DOWN, we are at a quarry where twenty-five hardened criminals are slowly revealed by still MOVING CAMERA. All the well-built men wear the same federal prison clothing. Most wear tattered tank tops with a large "P" stenciled on the back... Five armed guards watch over the convicts. We finally PAN ACROSS the rising and falling of picks and shovels, ARRIVING on a wide back with an array of scars. SLOWLY MOVING UP the back, we reveal RAMBO swinging a sledge hammer onto an iron wedge sunk into the white rock quarry. Rambo continues to pound away with deft strokes, finally splitting the rock. He lets his hammer rest at his side and turns to look up at the nearest guard. He nods. The guard nods back and Rambo turns and moves to a water bucket. He waits for a black convict to finish drinking out of a ladle that is attached to a large bucket.
1) 1) dialog: drinking and pouring a ladleful over the back of his neck
2) 0) text: Rambo is led toward the top of the quarry, flanked by the two Prison Guards, passing the prisoners working away... Suddenly, TRAUTMAN steps into view, blocking Rambo's path
2) 4) dialog: Seen worse.
2) 6) dialog: Yeah.
2) 9) dialog: In here I know where I stand.
2) 11) dialog: What mission?
2) 13) dialog: Why me?
2) 17) dialog: I know. Trautman starts to leave.
2) 18) dialog: (continuing) Sir... Do we get to win this time?
3) 0) text: Rambo gazes out the window.
5) 0) text: Rambo's chopper lands in a fury of dust and he exits. His hands are cuffed. Behind him is an M.P. Rambo is greeted by a sharp-featured American dressed in half-military, half-civilian. The chopper cuts its engines. ERICSON speaks with an air of worldly confidence...
5) 5) dialog: . Am I?
6) 0) text: A section of the hanger turns out to be a HUMMING electronic womb. Rambo and Ericson enter.
6) 6) dialog: Sir.
6) 14) dialog: Photographs?
6) 16) dialog: (to Trautman) I'm supposed to leave them?
7) 0) text: Trautman and Rambo pass a tent-like camouflage under which an all-black Agusta 109 helicopter ominously. It has no markings and contents of screened from view. LIFER is attending to the
7) 2) dialog: canopy squats which are chopper. Give it a try --
7) 4) dialog: Let your fingers do the walking.
7) 11) dialog: I believe the mind is the best weapon.
7) 13) dialog: For some people.
7) 18) dialog: (softly) Indigenous agent Co Bao. Rambo gives him a cold stare and heads outside.
8) 0) text: In the darkened room, Rambo's presence is highlighted by shadows as he intently sharpens his knife. EXTREME CLOSEUP on Rambo's eyes then the blade as it drags across the grinding stone.
11) 0) text: Rambo is looking down the telescope and sight of an assault rifle.
17) 0) text: DOLLYING before Rambo and Trautman. Blue and red taxi lights send strobe flashes of color across their faces as they approach the aircraft. He is burdened by what seems to be a mountain of high-tech military communications equipment.
17) 4) dialog: (low, but hard) Remember when Murdock said he was with Second Battalion, Third Marines at Kom Tum in '66... Trautman nods.
17) 5) dialog: (continuing) The Second Battalion was at Kud Sank. Trautman lets that sink in then pats Rambo's shoulder. A relaxed Lifer helps Rambo aboard.
17) 7) dialog: Yeah.
22) 0) text: Rambo checks his equipment, preparing for the jump.
25) 0) text: Rambo methodically checks his burdensome pack and harness seemingly oblivious to the insanity outside.
26) 0) text: The ready light changes from red to yellow. Rambo hooks up his static line.
27) 0) text: Rambo's static line suddenly gets hung up. His equipment is tangled and Rambo is being dragged through the sky.
30) 0) text: Rambo's helmet is torn off by the incredible wind velocity. Rambo can no longer breath.
31) 0) text: Lifer tries to free Rambo's entanglement from the inside but cannot.
35) 0) text: Rambo manages to grasp his knife and with his other hand pulls a strap away from his body and cuts it... a pack of equipment blows away... Along with it, his rifle...
39) 0) text: Rambo cuts the second strap and more equipment disappears Rambo strains to wedge his body forward and in a final effort breaks free of the jet.
40) 0) text: Rambo falling away from the plane.
41) 0) text: Lifer is being ravaged by the DEAFENING ROAR and the wind force, and shields his eyes as he watches Rambo break free.
44) 0) text: Rambo falls. His chute explodes open.
45) 0) text: CLOSEUP of Rambo as chute opens.
45) 2) dialog: approaching the treetops and disappearing through them.
45) 3) dialog: hits the ground and rolls down slope.
45) 4) dialog: stops rolling by hitting a massive tree trunk.
46) 0) text: Foreboding darkness is everywhere. Furtive. Timeless. Rambo is lying on his side, badly shaken. He looks around to get some sense of bearing and then begins to gather i his chute.
51) 0) text: Rambo squats, studying his waterproof map. He checks his compass in the knife's handle. After a quick look around, he gets to his feet, and slips into the jungle.
52) 0) text: Rambo moving through the jungle.
54) 0) text: Rambo heads quickly up a steep trail over the ridgeline above.
55) 0) text: Rambo is half running along, then pauses... He hears MOVEMENT and freezes. In one deadly movement he whips the knife around and a SLICING SOUND is heard... Turning around he sees the suspended body of a decapitated writhing snake hanging from a branch... He replaces his knife and moves on.
56) 0) text: Running to the top of the rise, the trail opens out onto plateau-like cleared area. Rambo pauses to catch his breath. Ahead, wreathed in vines, looms from the mist, the ruins of a Wat.
56) 1) text: as Rambo walks into the atrium of a ruined "Wat," or Buddhist temple.
57) 0) text: Serene despite the ravages of centuries, two stone Buddha sit flanking the stairs to the ruined temple. Trees and vines all but obscure the cracked and tumbled forms of ornately carved walls. The central courtyard is open to the sky. Spire-like structures are dimly visible in the fog beyond. Moving in the shadows, Rambo walks through the ruins noiselessly. Rambo senses movement and lunging to the side draws his pistol and goes into a combat ready stance The figure in the undergrowth takes shifts position. Rambo takes up a new position. What appears to be a Viet soldier shifts position again; likewise Rambo.
58) 0) text: Rambo moves with surprising grace through the undergrowth... His quarry also moves with amazing swiftness... This chess game goes on for several more moves.
59) 1) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) Who are you? co (Viet/subtitled) Co Bao -- Are you the one they send? Rambo? Rambo nods. co (continuing) I was hiding -- you did not come on time. I thought you one of mercenaries still here. You did not expect a woman, no? (in broken English) Better speak English, yes? Rambo nods... Co rises and stands before Rambo, almost a head shorter than him. Her lithe figure is not entirely concealed by her loose black "pajamas."
59) 2) dialog: We better get moving. co Yes, we go to river... (they start off) Why you so late?
59) 3) dialog: (dryly) Got hung up.
60) 0) text: With Co leading the way through a maze of aimless game trails, she and Rambo make their way parallel to a modest river, the Ca. co I have arranged transportation down river -- old routes not safe. Rambo studies her face. Then they move off.
61) 0) text: Crudely fashioned hut of corrugated sheet metal and bamb walls among the naked tree roots in a brackish inlet off the main river. Out on the edge overhanging the river are two men, drunk and loudly speaking. Possibly two of the most misbegotten specimens ever seen. Modern day pirates. They suspiciously eye Co and Rambo as they approach from along the riverbank. Exchange a few quick syllables, and Co turns, motioning Rambo forward into the hut. co Salt of the earth, yes?
61) 1) dialog: Pirates? co Best way down river -- not get army suspicious.
63) 0) text: Rambo, Co and two of Kinh's cronies sit in the dim interior.
63) 2) dialog: What about patrol boats? Co looks at Kinh who smiles and opens a greasy wooden locker and takes out Russian-made R.P.G. rocket launchers...
65) 0) text: Rambo faces Co. co You want to rest? They speak English which has the pirates staring curiously. Rambo shakes his head "no." co (continuing) That settles that -- we eat, yes? Co pulls a food tube off her shoulder, she unrolls the rubber tree leaves and exposes some rice. Rambo takes the rice on the side of his knife. co (continuing) You're welcome.
65) 1) dialog: (reddens) . Want it back? co No, you eat -- How you get into this?
65) 2) dialog: Long story. co Long ride. Rambo shakes his head "no."
65) 3) dialog: How about you? co My father work for intelligence agency -- He killed, and I take his place -- Too much death here. Death everywhere... I just want to live, Rambo. What you want? Rambo shrugs.
65) 4) dialog: To win, to survive. co To survive. Rambo nods. co (continuing) Not so easy to survive here -- Still war here.
65) 5) dialog: To survive war, you have to become war. co That why they pick you because you like to fight? Rambo shakes his head "no."
65) 6) dialog: I'm expendable. co Ex-pend-a-ble?
65) 7) dialog: Know what it means? co Don't tell me... It mean if you invited to party and you do not show up, it does not matter? Yes? Rambo studies her face and slowly nods. Rambo looks at the medallion around her neck. co (continuing) It bring me good luck -- What bring you good luck? Rambo slowly reaches down and wraps his fingers around th butt of his knife then glances over at the lounging pirates... Co gathers his meaning.
69) 0) text: Rambo and Co appear on deck, ready to disembark. They jump off the boat, landing in water about knee deep and head toward the jungle. co (to Kinh) You wait here... We come back, then pay rest...
70) 0) text: Rambo and Co move through the forest... DISSOLVE to a different elevation and ANGLE as they continue to travel.
75) 0) text: co We should move closer. She starts to move and almost steps on a booby trap but Rambo places a hand on her shoulder to stop her.
78) 0) text: Now Rambo picks up his cylindrical pouch and opens it. He pulls out a collapsible bow. co What is it?
78) 1) dialog: A bow -- no sound. co That all you have?
80) 0) dialog: Rambo has completed assembling the bow.
81) 0) text: Rambo screws on a vicious-looking razor-sharp arrow-head. co You not going in there? -- But I thought you were supposed only to take pictures. Rambo rises. co (continuing) What about orders?
81) 1) dialog: Out here orders stop and people start.
82) 0) text: DOLLYING with Rambo at ground level as he crawls to the wire. And leveraging his knife against the edge of the post and rusting barbed wire, slices through the metal.
85) 0) text: Rambo crawls to door of P.0O.W. barracks, looks, opens do and looks into empty room.
86) 0) text: He reaches the guard building. Hugs it. Carrying only the bow and a quiver of arrows he moves like a snake. Rambo raises one eye slowly over a window ledge. Inside several guards sleep soundly under mosquito netting. Their rifles are stacked against the far wall.
86) 1) text: MUSIC is heard. MOVING with Rambo as he moves along the shadows. He freezes as a light is snapped on. It streams down through cracks between the slats. Moving very slowly, Rambo squints through a gap.
88) 0) text: as Rambo crawls under a hammock stretched between the barrack and rock with someone sleeping in the hammock.
89) 0) text: Rambo moves to the cave-like entrance and moves several feet into the recess of the cave.
92) 0) text: Rambo hears GROANING SOUNDS coming from the darkness outside the cave, he moves toward it.
93) 0) text: Outside of the cave and nestled near a pigsty, isa PRISONER suspended from a bamboo cross. He is ghostly white; a living skeleton... His wrists are clamped ina wooden stock. Blood runs down from abraded sores. He opens his eyes when Rambo touches his broomstick neck feeling for a pulse. His lips are parched and there is a horrible bruise aroun one eye. Rambo moves to him.
93) 1) dialog: Come to get you out -- The Prisoner manages to raise his hand, opens his eyes a little more.
93) 3) dialog: Don't talk -- don't move. Rambo hoists his gaunt frame over his shoulder and heads off in a crouching run.
93) 5) dialog: . We'll come back.
95) 3) dialog: As he fires arrow.
96) 0) text: Rambo and Banks wade into the river.
98) 0) text: Rambo reacts and throws his knife.
101) 0) text: The numbed guard is alerted and in a listless manner turn on his light and flashes it in Rambo's direction. As the light slowly swings around, it fully illuminates Rambo.
102) 0) text: A shocking vision of Rambo, bow fully extended aimed directly at the guard's heart... RACK FOCUS FROM the jagged arrow point TO Rambo's eyes. The arrow is fired.
106) 0) text: Rambo is hiding against Tay's Barrack with Banks when all of a sudden the light comes on in the Barrack the spill illuminates him. Rambo ducks.
107) 0) text: Patrol guard reacts to Rambo's movements and notices Ramb against the barrack. He's about to yell as Rambo kills him with his throwing knife. Rambo lunges on the staggering guard and pulls him from view.
108) 0) text: Sgt. Tay comes out of his shack and looks. The whore pulls him back. American MUSIC coming from a scratched RECORD continues. Rambo moves into the shadows.
109) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks, walks by a latrine, the door suddenly swings open almost hitting then in the face as a prison guard exits and walks directly toward his barrack, and disappears inside.
110) 0) text: Co seems to have lost sight of Rambo. She scans the camp to the treeline and back. WHAM! A booted foot smashes down on her arm. She looks up at... A North Vietnamese guard who holds an AK-47 in her face. Co stares nervously at him. There is a HISSING SOUND, then a DULL RIPPING SOUND. Co looks up to see... The guard is paralyzed by the arrow lodged in his neck an pins him to a tree. Rambo and Banks appear from the undergrowth, bow in Rambo's hand.
110) 1) dialog: Let's move. Rambo takes the guard's side arm and places it in his waistband.
111) 0) text: Rambo and Co carrying Banks. Rambo sets him down.
111) 1) dialog: Can you walk?
112) 0) text: A stocky Sergeant of the Guard stands over the partially concealed body of the guard Rambo killed. He raises his whistle and sends a SHRILL BLAST across the camp.
114) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks through the swamp with Co close behind them.
117) 0) text: Rambo carrying Banks and Co arrive at the sampan pretty much as they left it. The pirates keep watch.
118) 0) text: Rambo and Co start to help Banks aboard the junk. Then Co climbs aboard. Rambo is still in the water. co L.Z. two K's up river.
118) 3) dialog: (confused) Only a week? Rambo is alerted by this information.
122) 0) text: Rambo watches through a chink in the sheeting of the cabi as the hostile landscape rolls past... Rambo is alerted by the faint but growing SOUND OF A BOA ENGINE. Rambo moves closer to the slats in the side of the sampan and peers out... Straining his eyes because of the difficult angle he becomes startled when a heavily equipped gunboat appears from around a bend in the river... the boat was once property of the U.S. Navy. Before Rambo can turn the two pirates have weapons in his back, and neck. One pirate jerks Rambo's .45 free and stashes it in his waistband. Co is alert and tries to get to her feet. One of the pirates kicks her down and takes her AK-47. Banks is held down at gun point. co What has happened?
122) 1) dialog: We're sold out.
124) 0) text: Kinh appears and his friendly smile is gone. Rambo still remains frozen with an old high standard auto shotgun lodged against the back of his head.
125) 0) text: Rambo picks up the auto shotgun and FIRES.
128) 0) text: Rambo appears on deck with a vengeance... He blows three more pirates away with deadly SHOTGUN BLASTS.
131) 0) text: The SHELL HITS the bow, ten feet from Rambo, destroying the front of the boat...
131) 1) dialog: (to Co) Get to the shore!
133) 0) text: Rambo enters the cabin... He flips open the locker and pulls out the R.P.G. rocket launcher.
134) 1) dialog: (furiously) Take him and jump! Rambo shoulders the R.P.G. and takes aim.
137) 1) text: Rambo's finger tightens around the trigger and the WEAPON BELCHES an awesome flame.
139) 0) text: Seeing this inferno bearing down on them, Rambo sprints a full run, grabs his knife out of the dead pirate, picks u his black bow pouch and lunges out of the cabin like a jungle cat.
140) 0) text: Rambo appears on deck and dives into the river as the patrol boat is barely inches away.
141) 0) text: The gunboat and the sampan collide with a MIGHTY ROAR, as Rambo just breaks the water's surface.
142) 2) text: Co and Banks still out of breath, move out of anxiety tha exhaustion. Rambo joins them. Banks studies Rambo with awe. co Knew you were a good man. Rambo shoulders Banks.
142) 3) dialog: Let's move. They start off.
144) 0) text: Rambo's group heads for the elevated landing zone. The vista is quite stunning as the cold light suffuses th rain forest, giving it a haunting quality. Rambo scans the ridge line with intense concentration.
145) 0) text: Rambo hands his quiver and bow to Co.
145) 1) dialog: I won't be needin' it now... Trade you. She hands over the rifle.
145) 2) dialog: (continuing) There's explosives in the pouch. co It better I stay till end.
145) 3) dialog: This is the end. co I want to stay... Now we have chance, why don't you take me back?
145) 4) dialog: Where? co America... You can do if you want -- take me back as wife... You don't have to live with. Just help me get away from this.
145) 5) dialog: I came for P.O.W.'s -- How would it look if I came back with a wife? co Look like you hell of a man. Rambo shakes his head "no." co (continuing, softly) What the matter? Not allow to feel -- maybe dead inside already. Don't we die soon enough. Just thought I'd ask. A long look exchanged between Rambo and Co, then Co kisse his cheek and turns to head off along a diverging trail. She turns. co (continuing) Rambo... you not expendable. Rambo watches her go and then turns to Banks.
145) 6) dialog: Let's go.
147) 0) text: Rambo is crouched with Banks beside a large tree. They are taking AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE from the trees nearby. Spurts of earth leap up around them. Rambo fires a short, controlled BURST down at the ascending troops.
148) 0) text: Sgt. Tay is eyeing Rambo and Banks through binoculars as they move further up the hill.
149) 0) text: of Rambo and Banks.
152) 0) text: In the distance Rambo and Banks are seen. They are surrounded. They move out of the tree line into a sparsely vegetated area that runs along the very ridge of the towering hill. The chopper opens fire with its machine guns and the NVA soldiers back off.
157) 0) text: Rambo half-supports Banks with one arm and FIRES his AK with the other. The rifle is empty and he drops it. MORTAR ROUNDS EXPLODE on all sides. They watch the A109 skimming in low across the tree tops, almost to them... hovers and then... It veers in a tight bank and climbs out. Heads away. The dust swirls around them. A MORTAR SHELL LANDS so close it knocks them down.
158) 2) text: Framed against the grey sky, Rambo watches as the A109 diminishes over his shoulder until it's a black dot. He is so consumed with rage that his expression goes slack.. blank... a murderous disconnection from conscience. Banks looks stunned, lost. He sags to one knee. Rambo just keeps looking in the direction of the A109.
160) 0) text: Rambo glances down almost disdainful then back at the nearly diminished chopper.
161) 0) text: Co, watching from behind foliage, as the NVA's converge o Rambo and Banks. Her expression enigmatic. She turns and disappears into the forest.
164) 0) text: Powerful and vicious-looking as a rabid ferret. He raises one fist, and smashes it down, hitting Rambo. There is another SICKENING IMPACT against flesh.
166) 0) text: Off to one side of the camp in a gloomy shaded area is th pit that is filled with slime. It is ten feet deep, eight feet wide. CAPTAIN VINH, a severe-looking tyrant, observes Sgt. Tay standing on a pair of planks near Rambo who is being slowly submerged in the slime up to his neck Sgt. Tay looks to Capt. Vinh who nods and Tay backhands Rambo across the face. Rambo spits. Tay has Rambo's special knife tucked in his waistband.
170) 0) text: Rambo tries to see through his watering eyes, but is blinded by the blast.
172) 0) text: They glance at Rambo for a split second and motion to Captain Vinh to remove Rambo. Vinh yells an order at a pair of guards who start to pull at a pair of ropes and slowly hoist Rambo from the slimy pit.
173) 0) text: Rambo is pulled upright and we can see that he is bound t a pole in a crucified position... Upon closer inspection we see his body is covered with at least twenty huge blood-gorged leeches.
174) 0) text: The two Russian officers approach and coldy eye Rambo who is slightly suspended above them... Capt. Vinh and Sgt. Tay stand near the Russians. PODOVSK, the shorter, brighter-looking of the two, pulls Rambo's knife from Tay's waistband and, with a casual air, uses the tip of the razor-sharp knife to sever a black leech from the bas of Rambo's neck... He handles the knife like a masterful surgeon.
175) 0) text: Through the bars, Banks and the two other P.O.W.'s can catch a fleeting glimpse of Rambo being dragged away. An older PRISONER speaks up in a weak voice.
176) 0) text: Vinh sends the gawking guards scurrying with strident yells as he follows the two Russians into the room. The Soviets stand in front of Rambo. He is bare from the waist up. Lt. Commander Podovsk has a hard face, sharp features. His bearing is erect, arrogant. He still has Rambo's knife in his hand, which he uses like a painter when he speaks. The other, SGT. YUSHIN, is another story. A tall, broad slab of combat muscle. His hair cut short as a scrub brush. Thick and functional as state sculpture, his features cannot fill his broad, flat face Nordic Mongolian-Circassian heritage... He wears a pine tree patch on his shoulder denoting his status as a "plastune" or cossack scout.
181) 0) text: An iron bedframe has been brought in and leaned verticall against the wall opposite the door... Charcoal smoke fill the room. Rambo has been tied to the frame spread-eagle by length o wire around his ankles, neck and forearms at the elbows. His body is contorted in agonizing pain as electricity courses through his flesh.
184) 0) text: Rambo slams convulsively against the electric grid formed by the steel bed. His teeth are clenched as if he has tetanus.
186) 0) text: Rambo hangs from his bonds, heaving and shivering. Podovsk turns to him conversationally, as if he were an acquaintance at work.
187) 0) text: Rambo hangs so limply that he might be dead. Podovsk moves in to check as Rambo's head begins to rise.
190) 0) text: Rambo is helped to the table. He seems on the verge of collapse... Banks leans against the wall still in the clutches of Yushin. THUNDER shakes the room.
190) 6) dialog: 220-56 Lone Wolf -- receive.
190) 8) text: The center is still manned by an assortment of military personnel who are starting to dismantle some of the space age equipment. Trautman stands in the hanger. He looks like a forlorn soul as he stares blankly into the darkness. Rambo's weak voice transmission manages to break through the DIN of the operations center.
190) 9) dialog: Wolf Den -- This is... Lone Wolf -- do you read? Over. Trautman along with nearly everyone present snaps to attention --
191) 0) text: Rambo sits at the radio sweating profusely. This appears to be the hardest mental task for a tight-lipped soldier of his caliber to perform.
194) 0) text: Rambo leans closer to the microphone, but still remains silent.
194) 2) dialog: Murdock.
195) 0) text: Rambo leans forward until his lips nearly touch the microphone. (Lightning and THUNDER effect. )
195) 1) dialog: (chilling) Murdock, I'm coming to get you. Rambo strikes Yushin across the face with the microphone... Podovsk goes for his weapon. Yushin rises and goes for Rambo.
196) 0) text: The floor EXPLODES and we see Co under the floor boards with gun in hand. She kills the NVA soldier whose rifle is aimed at Rambo.
197) 0) text: Rambo slams the pistol into Yushin's temple and elbows Podovsk in the jaw. He flings Yushin against the electric bedframe, which jolts the huge Russian. Rambo grabs his knife and is about to run Podovsk through when the door slams open. Sgt. Tay and three soldiers enter, his expression agape. Rambo bolts to the window.
197) 1) text: Rambo jumps through the window -- Co joins him and they run through the darkness as the camp comes alive.
199) 0) text: A Russian runs up, AK-47 in hand. Before he can fire, Rambo spins into him with a flying kick which pitches him onto his back, an inert heap... Rambo takes the AK-47 and blows one of the spotlights and the guard to bits.
200) 0) text: The camp goes nearly black. The second tower swings its light toward Rambo and Co. Rambo OPENS FIRE, shattering the light and causing the guard to dive for his life. With Co close behind him, Rambo runs toward the compound fence. A running Russian and Co OPEN UP with their assault RIFLES. Lightning and THUNDER continues simultaneously. The Russian is hit in the leg and dives for cover. Rambo lifts the wire for Co to wriggle under. His hands bleed as the wire cuts deeply into his flesh. Co FIRES at several approaching guards as Rambo slips under the wire on his back, holding the wire up with his hands, shreddin his pants. Rambo and Co make it into the forest, running full out. More AK's OPEN UP behind them. Both tower PK's have been manned again.
201) 0) text: Preceding Rambo at a dead run, as he crashes through foliage. The forest is a blur. TRACERS WHIP BY, ruler- straight lines of red light. BARK EXPLODES from tree trunks around them. Leaves are ripped into confetti.
201) 1) dialog: This way! They angle away from the blind FIRING and spring away along the trail, disappearing in a moment.
203) 1) text: Rambo and Co at a dead run, zigzag along the dark game trail. The path steepens and he claws at exposed roots... climbing as much as running. Behind them is the rising SOUND OF HELICOPTER ROTORS.
205) 0) text: Rambo and Co are climbing rapidly, using roots as hand- holds to ascend the steep trail. The WHUMP-WHUMP of the HELICOPTER approaches and the glar of light flickering behind them. Rambo moves into a densely woven thicket. Russians move quietly f.g.
206) 0) text: Rambo and Co run down into a dip and into thick jungle.
207) 0) text: Rambo and Co crash through foliage as a searchlight sweep toward them. It races over them backlighting them as they dive off the trail. The searchlight flicks past them. Snaps back. Tay and his men in b.g.
210) 0) text: Rambo and Co tear through the jungle. They dive over the edge of a muddy ravine, dropping through tangled vines. Catching, clawing, dropping. They run on.
214) 0) text: Rambo and Co have taken shelter in the protective contour of the rocks and overgrowth... The helicopter moves off in the opposite direction... Co and Rambo catch their breath. co (softly) ... We safe for now -- you look like hell, Rambo.
214) 1) dialog: Tough night. Rambo stares at her and almost has to smile. She hands over Rambo's bow kit, which was slung over her shoulder. co (continuing) . maybe need this again. Rambo takes the bow kit and Co looks at his bleeding hands. co (continuing, moving very close) You hurt bad... Not so in-vo-nerable after all.
214) 2) dialog: No. co You rest a while, I watch.
214) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) I'll watch. co . What you do, Rambo? Try to get across to Thailand?
214) 4) dialog: Yes. co Then America. Rambo nods. co (continuing) You take me with you, Rambo? I give you one more chance.
214) 5) dialog: . You don't know me. co I know enough -- you take me? Rambo stares at her and nods. co (continuing) I think you make a good choice.
214) 6) dialog: . Yeah. (rises) Better move. Co rises and trails behind Rambo. NOISE. She turns and FIRES... And Tay with four soldiers hit the deck.
216) 1) dialog: No!!! Rambo leaps to her fallen rifle and rolling behind a protective object, FIRES BACK and blows two of the soldiers away... Rambo moves to another position.
218) 0) text: Rambo flanks the soldier and soldier turns to see smoking death racing toward him. He falls dead... Rambo rushes to Co. He cradles her for a moment and his expression transforms into insane rage. Co rolls her glazed eyes to Rambo. co You good man, Rambo... good. Not forget me. Co dies in his arms and Rambo roars with grief. The hunted man becomes the hunter... Rambo scoops her up and disappears into the forest.
220) 0) text: A small band of Viet soldiers are moving through the jungle searching for Rambo.
221) 0) text: Starts to rain. Eyes closed, he has smeared the goo thoroughly over his face. It is a neolithic, feral visage. He has buried Co and pauses on one knee at the gravesite... around his nec hangs her "good luck" medallion. He has cut a strip of her garment and with great deliberation ties it around h head. Rambo rises with his bow in his hand and arrows across his back... He is the warrior and the war has now begun.
223) 0) text: Rambo watches motionless -- and then kills the sergeant and Russian #2 with arrows.
224) 0) text: Through rain Russians materialize searching for Rambo. Into f.g. comes a Russian, parts bushes with rifle, turns past hollow tree. An arm comes out and pulls him in. He stiffens as Rambo's knife kills him.
225) 0) text: moving in absolute silence nearby. He freezes and raises his bow. Thirty meters away are the Russians... An arrow sinks into Russian #3's chest... Russian #4 and #5 sprint away... To a different position for defense they motion t split up and a second arrow burrows into Russian #4's chest and lungs as he moves. He falls dead and Russian #5 is frozen, until he sees what appears to be Rambo's fleeing form and takes chase.
226) 0) text: wave their AK's, looking for some sign of Rambo. They hear SOMETHING CRASHING through the downpour and undergrowth. Movement in dense brush. They OPEN FIRE. The CRASH OF SUSTAINED FIRE is deafening. They BLAST blindly. Their attention is so focused, the DIN SO LOUD, they do not notice a dark figure moving up behind them. Rambo snatches the wayward last guard into a thicket. A knife slashes, one Viet guard drops dead. Tay shouts repeatedly to cease firing and the others finally stop.
228) 0) text: Rambo traps Russian #6 with a vine around his feet. He slides down into a black hole and Rambo slits his throat.
229) 2) text: Rambo comes out of the mudhole and breaks Russian #8's neck.
231) 0) text: Rambo bursts out of the dense tangle, dragging streamers of vines, and finds himself in an EXPLOSION OF SQUAWKING CHICKENS. He is in the muddy door-yard of a rural hutch, part of a small hamlet, of about a dozen buildings. Pigs scatter, GRUNTING their surprise, as Rambo sprints across the yard Over a low rail fence. Between the hutches.
233) 0) text: Rambo emerges onto the main "street" at a dead run, tearing a swath through the everyday village activities. The Viet peasants scatter as the fierce American charges through their midst. A giant by their standards to begin with, Rambo is now a mud-caked nightmare, trailing vines and brambles... his face a mask of dark streaks topped by encrusted hair... Villagers scream and flee... Rambo drop low looking frantically for something beneath a hutch... not finding it, he moves quickly to another... noticing a large can, opens it, and smells its contents.
239) 0) text: INSERT/RAMBO'S HAND striking a match, igniting a wet trai of spilled gas, a WHOOSH.
245) 0) text: CLOSEUP of Rambo as he drops a small silver explosive charge into arrow shaft and screws on the razor tip.
246) 0) text: Rambo draws back his bow to full extension, and from his elevated position, takes aim at the first troop truck... The arrow buries itself near the truck and EXPLODES... missing the truck.
247) 0) text: Rambo adjusts the sites on the bow and releases another arrow.
249) 0) text: Rambo looks down into the field at devastation as flames curl high into the morning mist... He pauses and almost looks reflective for a moment... the copter moves closer to Rambo's position.
250) 0) text: Rambo's sixth sense causes him to glance behind and he spots Sgt. Tay's men approaching... Tay spies Rambo and they OPEN FIRE.
252) 0) text: He signals and orders the men to flank the tree. They do, but are flanked by Rambo who steps INTO VIEW at a right angle to their position and CUTS THEM DOWN, but is soon out of ammo.
252) 1) text: From his hiding spot Tay observes this and starts toward Rambo after FIRING off a couple of shots.
253) 0) text: He flees and takes cover behind a tree just as the bark i ripped off near his head by Tay's AUTO-FIRE... Rambo dive into the brush and instantly disappears from view.
254) 0) text: With growing apprehension, he moves forward, his body tense, sensing the kill! He hears Rambo's voice from behind.
254) 1) dialog: Here! Tay turns and with his rifle at the ready, faces Rambo on one knee with his bow fully extended. The arrow sinks into his chest, and Tay FIRES spasmodically. For a split second he grabs the un-extractable shaft and Rambo dives for cover. Tay's eyes widen with sudden realization, and the next second his body EXPLODES into fragments.
256) 0) text: Through the trees' canopy, Yushin can see Rambo flashing in and out of view.
257) 0) text: Rambo recognizes the napalm canisters and sprints even harder.
258) 0) text: Rambo slashes through the trees like a madman. Behind him, the napalm cannisters hit the ground. An enormous FIREBALL blossoms through the jungle, spewing twenty-meter-long arcs of flame, silhouetting the tiny running figure of Rambo.
260) 0) text: Rambo dives in as a sun-bright canopy of fire rushes across the surface with a MUFFLED ROAR.
261) 0) text: Surfacing, Rambo, moves at giddy speed over the tortuous stream bed.
262) 0) text: Rambo tumbles clear of the falling water as he drops down the face of the cataract. He hits the surface of the pool with a tremendous splash.
264) 0) text: Yushin swoops down toward Rambo who gasps for air. The MINIGUN BLASTS at him.
265) 0) text: as Rambo breaks the surface of the water, eyes the approaching chopper and dives again as the BULLETS start pouring forth from the MINIGUN.
267) 0) text: as the surface EXPLODES and rising like a spirit from hell, Rambo springs up from the river and grabs hold of one of the skids.
268) 0) text: Yushin's door gunner swings his M-60 around to bear on Rambo. But it's too late. Rambo's hand shoots up and pulls him out.
269) 0) text: The pilot feels the weight shift and looks back, sees Rambo on the skid. He "pulls pitch" hard.
271) 0) text: Rambo slips. Dangles.
273) 0) text: Yushin spins to see a filthy, blood-encrusted Rambo comin through the gun door. Yushin charges as Rambo swings inside. Yushin draws his revolver but Rambo tackles him and drive him into the control panel. With his free hand, Yushin grabs Rambo violently by the face digging his fingers into his eyes. Rambo grimaces in agony. He takes the side of his hand and drives it into Yushin's throat. He breaks the hold. Rambo elbows him across the jaw. Yushin grabs Rambo and flings him roughly against the opposite side of the chopper. He then kicks Rambo twice and is about to stomp him when Rambo rolls to his knees and drives his shoulder into Yushin's crotch and standing rams the Russian forward. Yushin grabs Rambo's neck and is crushing the life out of him... Rambo manages to drop and twist free and kick Yushin in the face. The pilot sees what is happening. He banks hard, trying to get Rambo to fall out the open door. Rambo stumbles backward, but manages at the last second t grab the barrel of the M-60 doorgun and is suspended out the door. Yushin grabs his pistol and aims as Rambo grabs his boot knife with his free hand and flings it into Yushin's chest... The Russian staggers back then forward and raises his pistol at Rambo. At the last second he collapses and falls forward and past Rambo who manages to pull his knif from the Russian's body as he is falling. The pilot struggles to maintain control and looks terrified as Rambo swings up and advances on him.
277) 0) text: Rambo unleashes the MINIGUN. The left guard tower vanishes in a cloud of falling splinters as THUNDER rolls across the valley. The Huey pivots nimbly. The MINIGUN ROARS again. An orange lightning bolt vaporizes the right tower.
278) 0) text: Three guards in the guards' barracks SHOOT at Rambo... They are destroyed.
282) 0) text: Out of the boiling, blasting dust and smoke, the figure o Rambo suddenly emerges. Death incarnate encrusted with dried mud, dried blood, streaked with rivulets of sweat. Rambo has detached the door gun from its sling and with the feed belt over his shoulder, carries it like a rifle. He runs forward.
283) 0) text: Rambo moves to the prisoner's cage in a battle-ready stance... Everywhere around him is smoking destruction.
285) 0) text: Rambo FIRES at the rock.
287) 0) text: Rambo runs to the prisoner's cage. He shoots off the lock and rips open the gate. The five prisoners stare at him in wide-eyed amazement.
287) 1) dialog: Let's go!
288) 0) text: The five prisoners are helping one another into the Huey as Rambo carries a sixth.
289) 1) text: Banks is covering Rambo who is hauling the last of the P.O.W.'S onto the chopper. Banks has an RPG slung over his shoulder, and an AK in his hand. A wounded Russian opens fire and badly wounds the last P.O.W.
292) 0) text: Rambo seems drained of color, flying on nerve. P.O.W.'s look forward as a broad river appears beyond a ridgeline less than a kilometer ahead.
293) 0) text: Rambo picks up the microphone.
293) 1) dialog: Lone Wolf to Wolf Den -- Do you read?
294) 0) text: Trautman and Murdock who have been waiting for further transmission suddenly hear Rambo's transmission.
295) 0) text: Rambo talking into the microphone.
295) 1) dialog: Prepare for emergency landing. Arriving with American P.0O.W.'s! Over?
297) 0) text: Rambo's burning Huey descends toward the landing field. As the techs and other camp personnel stand watching, Murdock raises a pair of powerful field glasses.
303) 1) text: DOLLYING with Rambo as he heads past the mountain of communications equipment with relentless determination. The technical personnel fall back, letting him pass... Dust is everywhere.
304) 0) text: He sees Rambo and strides forward to intercept him, then pauses.
305) 0) text: He shoves the equipment aside that is blocking his path t Murdock, who is seen retreating. Ericson stands in his way. Rambo, without breaking stride, clubs him with the butt of his knife.
306) 0) text: Rambo moving, silhouetted, closer to the HUMMING communications area, reeking of jungle, blood and death.. Murdock is against the wall... no where to hide.
307) 0) text: Rambo closes in on Murdock, looming. Murdock starts to move away, Rambo grabs him from behind, spins him down on top of a crate and raises his knife.
307) 1) dialog: We win... you lose! Mission Accomplished! And with all his strength impales it next to Murdock's terrified face.
307) 2) dialog: (softly) There's more men still out there, find them, or I'll find you.
308) 0) text: Rambo steps steadily out into the waning light. He takes a deep, slow breath. Starts to walk and sees Banks in the distance.
309) 0) text: Trautman steps in alongside Rambo.
309) 2) dialog: I don't know.
309) 4) dialog: You should give it to them... (indicates P.0O.W.'s) They deserve it more.
309) 6) dialog: Back to what? -- My friends died here... part of me died here.
309) 8) dialog: Hate? -- I'd die for it.
309) 10) dialog: What do I want? I want what they want... (indicates P.0O.W.'s) And what every other guy who came over here and spilled his guts and gave everything he had wants... for our country to love us as much as we love it... That's what I want. And that's what they wanted. (indicates P.0O.W.'s)
309) 12) dialog: Day by day. Rambo walks with his head held high until he fades into the smoke and distance. FADE OUT.