106) 0) text: Rambo is hiding against Tay's Barrack with Banks when all of a sudden the light comes on in the Barrack the spill illuminates him. Rambo ducks.
108) 0) text: Sgt. Tay comes out of his shack and looks. The whore pulls him back. American MUSIC coming from a scratched RECORD continues. Rambo moves into the shadows.
116) 0) text: A squad of Viet soldiers are moving rapidly through the forest, looking for signs of the escaping prisoner. Sgt. Tay is supervising the search.
121) 0) text: As Tay is talking on the radio, obviously notifying Superiors that the prisoner is escaping via the sampan.
148) 0) text: Sgt. Tay is eyeing Rambo and Banks through binoculars as they move further up the hill.
163) 0) text: He's hung above the slime pit. His muddy face grimaces as it is hit by Sgt. Tay. Tay curses him in Vietnamese.
166) 0) text: Off to one side of the camp in a gloomy shaded area is th pit that is filled with slime. It is ten feet deep, eight feet wide. CAPTAIN VINH, a severe-looking tyrant, observes Sgt. Tay standing on a pair of planks near Rambo who is being slowly submerged in the slime up to his neck Sgt. Tay looks to Capt. Vinh who nods and Tay backhands Rambo across the face. Rambo spits. Tay has Rambo's special knife tucked in his waistband.
174) 0) text: The two Russian officers approach and coldy eye Rambo who is slightly suspended above them... Capt. Vinh and Sgt. Tay stand near the Russians. PODOVSK, the shorter, brighter-looking of the two, pulls Rambo's knife from Tay's waistband and, with a casual air, uses the tip of the razor-sharp knife to sever a black leech from the bas of Rambo's neck... He handles the knife like a masterful surgeon.
197) 0) text: Rambo slams the pistol into Yushin's temple and elbows Podovsk in the jaw. He flings Yushin against the electric bedframe, which jolts the huge Russian. Rambo grabs his knife and is about to run Podovsk through when the door slams open. Sgt. Tay and three soldiers enter, his expression agape. Rambo bolts to the window.
198) 0) text: Sgt. Tay and his three men turn the corner in pursuit. Co cuts two of them down. Sgt. Tay drops back and yells for reinforcements.
202) 0) text: Podovsk's nose and mouth are bleeding, he strides out of the interrogation blockhouse followed by Yushin. He jerks Sgt. Tay to his feet by the collar. He points to the forest.
204) 0) text: Using hand lights to follow his footprints, Tay's squad o six guards jogs into the jungle. Behind them, through the trees, the Huey rises into the night. The chopper switches on the high intensity searchlights a it THUNDERS overhead. Shafts of light pierce the jungle. Sweeping. Searching.
207) 0) text: Rambo and Co crash through foliage as a searchlight sweep toward them. It races over them backlighting them as they dive off the trail. The searchlight flicks past them. Snaps back. Tay and his men in b.g.
216) 0) text: Sgt. Tay OPENS FIRE with a small machine gun then the soldiers open up on Co and she is riddled to the ground.
217) 0) text: Tay barks something in Viet to a soldier and slips fearfully away.
226) 0) text: wave their AK's, looking for some sign of Rambo. They hear SOMETHING CRASHING through the downpour and undergrowth. Movement in dense brush. They OPEN FIRE. The CRASH OF SUSTAINED FIRE is deafening. They BLAST blindly. Their attention is so focused, the DIN SO LOUD, they do not notice a dark figure moving up behind them. Rambo snatches the wayward last guard into a thicket. A knife slashes, one Viet guard drops dead. Tay shouts repeatedly to cease firing and the others finally stop.
226) 1) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) We got him! They move away, advancing on their "target". Tay gingerly parts woven branches, revealing Russian #5 riddled with hundreds of 7.62mm rounds.
227) 0) text: Tay barks at his men to sweep the area in an arc. The guards advance, stricken with a growing unease.
230) 0) text: Realizing they are without their flankers, Tay and four Viet Guards call out and move toward their last positions They stand together at the top of the mudbank, gaping at the two bodies of Russian #7 and #8. Tay stares around, outraged. He yells to his squad to take up the chase.
250) 0) text: Rambo's sixth sense causes him to glance behind and he spots Sgt. Tay's men approaching... Tay spies Rambo and they OPEN FIRE.
251) 0) text: With his bow still in his hand, lunges from view behind a tree... He starts to belly crawl into the brush, as Tay and three other soldiers think they have him pinned down...
252) 1) text: From his hiding spot Tay observes this and starts toward Rambo after FIRING off a couple of shots.
253) 0) text: He flees and takes cover behind a tree just as the bark i ripped off near his head by Tay's AUTO-FIRE... Rambo dive into the brush and instantly disappears from view.