166) 0) text: Off to one side of the camp in a gloomy shaded area is th pit that is filled with slime. It is ten feet deep, eight feet wide. CAPTAIN VINH, a severe-looking tyrant, observes Sgt. Tay standing on a pair of planks near Rambo who is being slowly submerged in the slime up to his neck Sgt. Tay looks to Capt. Vinh who nods and Tay backhands Rambo across the face. Rambo spits. Tay has Rambo's special knife tucked in his waistband.
172) 0) text: They glance at Rambo for a split second and motion to Captain Vinh to remove Rambo. Vinh yells an order at a pair of guards who start to pull at a pair of ropes and slowly hoist Rambo from the slimy pit.
174) 0) text: The two Russian officers approach and coldy eye Rambo who is slightly suspended above them... Capt. Vinh and Sgt. Tay stand near the Russians. PODOVSK, the shorter, brighter-looking of the two, pulls Rambo's knife from Tay's waistband and, with a casual air, uses the tip of the razor-sharp knife to sever a black leech from the bas of Rambo's neck... He handles the knife like a masterful surgeon.
176) 0) text: Vinh sends the gawking guards scurrying with strident yells as he follows the two Russians into the room. The Soviets stand in front of Rambo. He is bare from the waist up. Lt. Commander Podovsk has a hard face, sharp features. His bearing is erect, arrogant. He still has Rambo's knife in his hand, which he uses like a painter when he speaks. The other, SGT. YUSHIN, is another story. A tall, broad slab of combat muscle. His hair cut short as a scrub brush. Thick and functional as state sculpture, his features cannot fill his broad, flat face Nordic Mongolian-Circassian heritage... He wears a pine tree patch on his shoulder denoting his status as a "plastune" or cossack scout.
183) 0) text: Vinh and Russians are eating together. They react to the camp lights flicker.
234) 0) text: Two troop trucks are deploying 40 soldiers. Directing operations is Capt. Vinh. Vinh motions the soldiers impatiently toward where he stands at the edge of the elephant grass, and they wade into it. Beyond them the coarse grass becomes an impenetrable wall almost eight feet high. Vinh snorts in disgust and points at some trampled stalks There is a bright smear of blood, and beyond, another.
234) 1) dialog: (Viet/subtitled) You see? Not a demon. A man. Now, we find where he's crawled to die.
238) 0) text: REVERSE on Capt. Vinh, puzzled, wary.
238) 1) dialog: Everyone back! !
240) 0) text: Capt. Vinh looks up, seeing the river of fire snaking toward him through the waving stalks. He turns, panicked. Crashes into the men behind him. Shrieks at them to move. They trample over each other to run as the trail of fire reaches the can.
241) 0) text: Vinh sees a tremendous fireball erupt ahead. Hears SCREAMING. He freezes in his tracks as the nightmare begins again. Shrieking, a man runs toward him, on fire, charging past. Vinh shouts futilely into a radio as he's engulfed in fire.