176) 0) text: Vinh sends the gawking guards scurrying with strident yells as he follows the two Russians into the room. The Soviets stand in front of Rambo. He is bare from the waist up. Lt. Commander Podovsk has a hard face, sharp features. His bearing is erect, arrogant. He still has Rambo's knife in his hand, which he uses like a painter when he speaks. The other, SGT. YUSHIN, is another story. A tall, broad slab of combat muscle. His hair cut short as a scrub brush. Thick and functional as state sculpture, his features cannot fill his broad, flat face Nordic Mongolian-Circassian heritage... He wears a pine tree patch on his shoulder denoting his status as a "plastune" or cossack scout.
177) 0) text: Yushin walks forward.
190) 0) text: Rambo is helped to the table. He seems on the verge of collapse... Banks leans against the wall still in the clutches of Yushin. THUNDER shakes the room.
197) 0) text: Rambo slams the pistol into Yushin's temple and elbows Podovsk in the jaw. He flings Yushin against the electric bedframe, which jolts the huge Russian. Rambo grabs his knife and is about to run Podovsk through when the door slams open. Sgt. Tay and three soldiers enter, his expression agape. Rambo bolts to the window.
202) 0) text: Podovsk's nose and mouth are bleeding, he strides out of the interrogation blockhouse followed by Yushin. He jerks Sgt. Tay to his feet by the collar. He points to the forest.
235) 0) text: A line of 20 regulars and three Russians move into the grass. Only the radio antennas of the squad leaders are visible above the waving stalks. Yushin's helicopter arcs in from the distant ridgeline, converging.
255) 0) text: Yushin talks into his radio headset.
255) 1) dialog: (Russian/subtitled) Drop the napalm!
256) 0) text: Through the trees' canopy, Yushin can see Rambo flashing in and out of view.
264) 0) text: Yushin swoops down toward Rambo who gasps for air. The MINIGUN BLASTS at him.
264) 1) dialog: (Russian/subtitled) Goddamn him! !
266) 0) text: as the Huey descends over the treeline. Yushin orders his pilot down for a closer look. The Huey hovers only inches from the water. The water swirls from the power of the rotor blades.
268) 0) text: Yushin's door gunner swings his M-60 around to bear on Rambo. But it's too late. Rambo's hand shoots up and pulls him out.
273) 0) text: Yushin spins to see a filthy, blood-encrusted Rambo comin through the gun door. Yushin charges as Rambo swings inside. Yushin draws his revolver but Rambo tackles him and drive him into the control panel. With his free hand, Yushin grabs Rambo violently by the face digging his fingers into his eyes. Rambo grimaces in agony. He takes the side of his hand and drives it into Yushin's throat. He breaks the hold. Rambo elbows him across the jaw. Yushin grabs Rambo and flings him roughly against the opposite side of the chopper. He then kicks Rambo twice and is about to stomp him when Rambo rolls to his knees and drives his shoulder into Yushin's crotch and standing rams the Russian forward. Yushin grabs Rambo's neck and is crushing the life out of him... Rambo manages to drop and twist free and kick Yushin in the face. The pilot sees what is happening. He banks hard, trying to get Rambo to fall out the open door. Rambo stumbles backward, but manages at the last second t grab the barrel of the M-60 doorgun and is suspended out the door. Yushin grabs his pistol and aims as Rambo grabs his boot knife with his free hand and flings it into Yushin's chest... The Russian staggers back then forward and raises his pistol at Rambo. At the last second he collapses and falls forward and past Rambo who manages to pull his knif from the Russian's body as he is falling. The pilot struggles to maintain control and looks terrified as Rambo swings up and advances on him.