33) 6) dialog: Honey, Connie’s here. John straightens slightly as (CONTINUED)
33) 36) dialog: No. But I heard the knocks, three nights in a row. EXT. GORDON’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 55 John sees them all step onto the porch. Then, in spite of odd circumstances, he watches as Connie, Gordon and Denis a distinctly small-town thing: They all say a friendly go night to each other. Hug. Then, as Connie walks towards John, Gordon shouts:
53) 11) dialog: Thank God.
53) 13) dialog: (softly) Gordon, please...
53) 15) dialog: Thank you doctor, that would be very kind of you --
54) 0) text: FROM HIGH ABOVE: Gordon’s pick-up truck streaks across th 700 FOOT STEEL BRIDGE, an antique engineering marvei from 1920s that spans the Ohio River. INT/EXT. GORDON’S TRUCK/SILVER BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS 101 John watches Gordon and Denise: Gordon looks straight ahe one hand on the wheel, the other clutching Denise’s hand the seat between them. She’s putting up a good front, hid her concern. John lets his eyes drift down to the Ohio Ri rushing beneath the bridge.
55) 0) text: Gordon, Denise and John sit together at a booth. Gordon l frightened.
55) 1) dialog: Hey -- it was good news, right? You're not sick. That’s good.
55) 3) dialog: Don’t say things like that, Gordon.
58) 0) text: Denise sits at the table, her face distraught. The sound clock echoes through the quiet house.
59) 0) text: The service is letting out, and CHURCHGOERS head down the front steps. Among them are Connie -- and John. He looks he hasn’t been in a church in years. As they move away fr the others, they notice DENISE standing nervously at the bottom of the steps.
59) 2) dialog: I don’t mean to bother you, Connie, but it’s Gordon. As she steps closer to Connie, she can see that Denise ha been crying.
59) 4) dialog: I don‘t understand what’s happening to him. If word gets out that Gordon’s, you know, “hearing voices”...I need someone to go talk to him. 112 113 114 56.
68) 0) text: John stands on the Porch talking to Denise. She shakes he head, points towards town. INT/EXT. JOHN’S CAR - PARKING AREA/HILLTOP CLEARING - NIG John's car rolls to a stop at the hilltop near the Alanco Chemical Plant. No other cars parked, no sign of Gordon.
83) 0) text: About a hundred townsfolk have gathered for the annual Christmas tree lighting. John searches for Connie. He win his way through the crowd, past Nat and Lucy, C.J. and Ho Josh and the cranky Night Manager. Everyone seems a bit anxious: there’s trouble getting the tree lit. He spots Connie and Denise standing in a storefront, shar a cigarette. They both look upset. John hugs Connie, but doesn’t hug him back. John is hurt. Denise smooths the awkward moment:
83) 1) dialog: (joking, to John) You’re just in time, they’re about to light the tree -- have been for the last two hours.
86) 11) dialog: (under her breath) It’s your fault...you encouraged him... Denise climbs the porch and disappears into the house. Co takes John’s arm as they walk back towards the barn.
118) 0) text: Denise Smallwood sits alone in a the cavernous space; candlelight flickers against the walls. She bows her head prayer, tears streaming down her cheeks... 197 198 199 200 108.
131) 0) text: Dozens of firemen and rescue workers tend to the injured CARS and BODIES are pulled from the river. ON THE RIVER BANKS: The Coroner’s Men tend to the dead, lining them up in body bags along the river's edge... FURTHER DOWN: Denise Smallwood holds a sobbing Nat Griffi AND STILL FURTHER DOWN: John Klein waits while paramedics finish wrapping Connie’s fractured arm in a temporary cas and dressing several cuts and wounds. Finally, one nods at him: he can talk to her now. John rushes to her side, holds her.