2) 1) text: traveling fast along the inside of the wires, erupting ou the EAR-PIECE with a shrieking squall of feedback.
3) 3) text: JOHN (cont'd) scrape your career off your shoe anyway. At least do some damage on your way out, see your name in the paper one more time...Okay. He clicks off the line, speed proofs his story, sends it its way. He’s done, and done for the day. He pushes chair and stands up, kneads his back. ED FLEISCHMAN, (29), rolls out of the next cubicle:
3) 4) dialog: John! “The Balkans Peace Council is comprised of ten members” or “is composed of ten members”?
3) 6) dialog: Oh. Right. Thanks. Ed rolls out of sight. John grabs his coat and heads past Ed’s cubicle.
3) 8) dialog: What? John disappears through glass doors into:
4) 0) text: back his Editor CYRUS BILLS, (65), a scarecrow with a cigarette, scrolls through John's piece on the computer. His eyes ne leave the screen.
6) 0) text: John and MARY KLEIN hang back in an empty kitchen listeni to the REAL ESTATE LADY. Mary Klein, (31), a beautiful redhead with a quick smile an irrepressible joie de vivre.
6) 12) text: Mary grabs John, suddenly excited. She kisses him. He kis her. Passionately. She pulls him into the closet, laughin John closes the door.
6) 20) text: A naked light bulb switches on. John and Mary jump. A MOT bats the bulb with its wings, casting large flickering shadows. 15 16 17 18 IN THE BEDROOM a5 John and Mary tumble out of the closet.
11) 0) text: John watches Mary behind a glass partition. She has been readied for a scan. She’s fully conscious now, her eyes w and scared.
17) 0) text: Mary's hair is gone and her head is bandaged from surgery but she’s more awake and alert than the last time we saw John sits with her, a yellow pad in his hand.
18) 0) text: THICK BLACK SKID MARKS scar the street underneath the bra John tries an experiment. He gets in the car, backs up fo yards, guns the accelerator. Suddenly, he slams the brake cranks the wheel. The car slews sideways - he is pulled u short by the seatbelt. His face never even gets near the window. He sits back. Tugs on the shoulder harness. It locks up. why didn’t it lock up for Mary? He climbs out of the car, searching the street - searchin for an answer, a reason. What did she see? John stands behind the BRANCH and squints his eyes: the branch BLURS and TWO DISTANT RED CONSTRUCTION LIGHTS shin like EYES, forming the impression of a large looming figu was that it? John walks to the front of the car. That’s when he notice something on the front bumper. Something he missed comple the night of the accident... qT it. the bumper is scorched black.
19) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ...
19) 6) dialog: Is there anything else they can do?
19) 8) dialog: Did they say it’s a result of the accident?
19) 10) dialog: John, if there’s anything I can do. John just shakes his head. Ed looks at his friend. For th first time, John looks fragile, truly lost. John stares into the middle-distance.
19) 13) text: Facing John and Ed at the counter. The camera slowly pull back, through the pies, back through the mirror itself. J and Ed darken as we pull back, further and further into t impossible vantage point until ... they disappear.
21) 0) text: We track behind John as he runs frantically ‘own long corridors. Suddenly he stops: Dr. McElhone =: standing wi her head bowed, the answer is written on her face. And he knows... 35 36 37 14.
22) 0) text: John slowly enters then pulls back a curtain, his face fu of fear . Mary lies motionless on a bed. John moves slowly towards her, his entire self somehow diminished. He sits at her side and grips Mary’s hand like he’1l neve let her go. His shoulders tremble with sharp inconsolable sobs. He leans in close and presses his lips to her white lifeless face; a kiss that will have to last him a lifeti
23) 0) text: Snow falls. A SQUARE OF WARM YELLOW LIGHT glows in the ni it’s the window to the waiting area. From outside, WE SEE Ruth, who can barely stand, holding onto John. She lets o silent wail of grief; Woodrow watches them, unable to comprehend what has happened. Their images blur as we RACK FOCUS from the window, movin back through layers of FALLING SNOWFLAKES.
24) 0) text: The bed is empty. John slowly packs Mary’s belongings int RED OVERNIGHT CASE. He doesn’t know how to do this. What about the toothbrush? The lipstick? He picks up her dress smells it. His eyes close.
25) 0) text: The trees are leafless and the ground muddy. Mittened joggers, dog walkers pass in front of a partial view of t White House. John is sitting on a bench with his back to He looks as though he’s been there a long time, as though may sit there forever. The CAMERA begins to CLOSE IN on his back. John senses something. He whips around and glares straight at us. The CaMERA STOPS SHORT. John sees nothing, his face relaxes. He turns forward again. The CAMERA starts EASING toward h again. And very faintly now comes the hint of a RUSTLE. Wings. Louder. John strains to hear. He slowly scans left, right. Nothin The CAMERA is right behind him now. He can’t hear anythin Not even the sudden WHOOSH, the single FLAP as the CAMERA LIFTS OFF behind him, rising, leaving John down below, smaller, smaller, until he’s just another unremarkable hu dot in the park. FADE TO BLACK.
27) 0) text: PULL BACK FROM TV SCREEN TO SEE: John’s face ~- he’s watc himself on TV. Ed and other staff members look over his shoulder.
27) 5) dialog: Hey -- I told her to watch.
27) 9) dialog: Peter’s friend, Gwen. Sk. s gonna be there tonight.
27) 11) dialog: Are you kidding me? She’s gorgeous. Believe me, this will take, like, no effort. John moans. ED (cont'd) Come on, you can’t keep blowing this off.
27) 13) dialog: Almost forgot. Garrett Knox called. The interview got bumped to tomorrow night. John eyes the message slip, stuck.
27) 15) dialog: Look: she’s not Mary, not by a mile. But you know what? No one ever will be. You can’t hold that against them.
28) 0) text: Turkish dining. Pillows on the floor and belly dancers. Kitsch heaven to Ed, John’s idea of hell. With them: Ed’s partner PETER, (39), and GWEN, (33), pret friendly, sophisticated. (CONTINUED)
28) 4) dialog: Well, it should've been.
28) 9) dialog: My whole life has been leading to this moment . Ed pulls Peter with him onto the dance floor. John smiles Gwen.
29) 11) dialog: Where'd she go? John mutters.
31) 0) text: John is speeding down the interstate. Traffic is thin. He passes under THE LIGHTED SIGN FOR RICHMOND. His car drives on into the night. INT. JOHN’S CAR - LATER 48 John squints, trying to stay focused on the road as he dr down a crest into a FOG BANK. He flexes his brakes. Suddenly... BLINK: Red lights flash across the dashboard. The car sta EXT. JOHN’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 49 The car drifts out of the fog onto the shoulder and comes a stop.
32) 0) text: It‘s a cold night, and he tucks his hands under his arms. should put on his coat. THE LIGHTNING flickers violently, a few miles away. But w is the thunder? It’s silent, eerily silent, so quiet John hear his heart beating. Abruptly the lightning is extinguished. No stars. No moon light at all. JOHN feels a surge of anxiety. He’s alone at night in the middle of nowhere.
37) 0) text: The sleepy, cranky NIGHT MANAGER runs John’s charge. John concentrates on the road map stretched out under the glas the check-in counter. His finger traces Washington to Richmond, a straight shot interstate, not more than 120 miles. THE NIGHT MANAGER returns with John’s credit card.
38) 0) text: As John walks from the office to his room, we spot the Prowler parked across the street: Connie is making notes under the interior light. 61 62 63 64 30. INT. JOHN’S MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 61 The room is dark. John jerks awake, disoriented. He was asleep in his clothes on top of the bedspread, which he h cocooned around himself. He doesn’t know where he is for moment. Then he HEARS it. Faint BREATHING, someone BREATH something BREATHING. He reaches for the bedside lamp and switches it on. The breathing stops. Silent now. Just a dull, empty, standard issue motel room. John swings his legs off the bed and le forward on his knees. Bad dreams. He stands up. His cell phone is recharging on the chair. He heads for the bathro for a glass of water.
39) 0) text: John turns on the tap, splashes water on his face, looks studies his reflection. ANGLE FROM BEHIND THE MIRROR. WE PULL BACK: John’s image framed by the mirror. The sound of the running tap fades his image recedes, then disappears.
39) 3) dialog: 
39) 4) dialog: What time did you leave D.C?
39) 6) dialog: John, I’m sure there's a logical explanation for all this. Don’t worry about your pal the Governor, I'll cover you. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: They all stand near a blue pine tree that towers over the yard and house: (CONTINUED)
46) 0) text: The Prowler’s headlights illuminate a rusted chain with a sign: “ROAD CLOSED - NO TRESPASSING” Connie climbs out, pulls the chain aside, drives through.
47) 0) text: Connie points a flashlight as John and two teenagers, C.J.(17) and HOLLY(14), walk up the crest of a small hill One of C.J.'s eyes is slightly puffy with a blotch of red C.J. We were parked up here and sort of making out in the back seat...
48) 2) dialog: 
48) 3) dialog: Where the hell are you?
48) 5) dialog: West Virginia?
48) 9) dialog: You're kidding, something of national interest in West Virginia?
48) 11) dialog: Cy is beginning to look rabid.
48) 13) dialog: By the way, I aced your buddy, the Governor -- but don’t worry, he still loves you.
48) 15) dialog: You okay? You sound stressed.
52) 0) text: John steps up to the checkout counter. In his hands, a a HINGS UNSEEN; A Rationale for Unexplained Phenomena” Albert Leek. 96 97 48.
53) 0) text: Through a window decorated with Christmas lights, we see bank of TV MONITORS -- similar to the storefront we saw earlier when John was on CNN.
55) 0) text: Gordon, Denise and John sit together at a booth. Gordon l frightened.
56) 0) text: A phone cord stretches across a rumpled bedspread, shoppi bags, books, notes, photos and other research items.
60) 0) text: GORDON AND JOHN walk slowly around the farm. Gordon has a newspaper tucked under his arm.
60) 2) text: You met him? John is stunned -- but completely hooked:
60) 9) text: un eS GORDON i, 8.) {cont!a} tooked G bunan, b there was use
61) 0) text: Since we last saw it, the tiny motel room has been transformed into... JOHN’S INVESTIGATION HEADQUARTERS: A computer and fax mac crowd the small desk. Newspapers, books and faxes are sta everywhere. Maps cover the walls, studded with colored tacks: Red one for odd light events, blue ones for giant bird-creature sightings, etc. In the middle of the chaos: JOHN AND CONNIE sit on the bed, sharing a pizza and a bot of Merlot, watching:
62) 0) text: Connie’s speeding Prowler hugs the curves of a winding ba road, blue and red gumballs flashing.
63) 0) text: John is still on the phone with Indrid Cold. His mood has shifted from skepticism to anxious fascination:
65) 0) text: John sits in the SOUND LAB surrounded by some of the most sophisticated sound analysis equipment in America. He lis to a tape of last night’s phone call along with: SONNY BERGER, (45) a sound engineer -- good-natured, bear and at least 300 pounds. (CONTINUED)
66) 0) text: John's car passes through a tollbooth, exiting the main highway. There’s something eerie about it, but John is wrapped up in his call and doesn't notice.
67) 0) text: A cold wind howls outside. John lies in bed, tossing and turning in the dark...
68) 0) text: John stands on the Porch talking to Denise. She shakes he head, points towards town. INT/EXT. JOHN’S CAR - PARKING AREA/HILLTOP CLEARING - NIG John's car rolls to a stop at the hilltop near the Alanco Chemical Plant. No other cars parked, no sign of Gordon.
69) 0) text: John drives by -- also closed. He drives on. 134
71) 0) text: John drives past the scrap yard next to the UNFINISHED HIGHWAY where Gordon claims to have met Indrid Cold. As J drives under the elevated RAMP TO NOWHERE...
72) 0) text: ohn climbs ovt of his car, plants his feet on the aspha?t looks around. Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of Indrid Cold or an other explanation -- what did he just pass through? He walks back towards the area, slowly, cautiously, tryin stay calm. Then he takes one step too many. He’s back inside the zone. The air becomes perfectly stil ALL AUDIBLE SOUNDS -- animals, birds, even insects -- are sucked into silence. The night becomes darker, too dark. John's breathing becomes shallow and fast. He falls to th ground, engulfed in fear.
75) 0) text: INTERCUT again between John and Gordon with small electri patches taped to their faces and skulls. EEG printouts sc out beside them.
77) 0) text: ON WEST 83RD STREET: John stands in a doorway across from brownstone Criterion Apartments. He sees... A MAN emerges from the apartment building: stocky, red fa and crew-cut hair. Looks like a retired drill sergeant. (CONTINUED)
78) 0) text: John follows Leek into the giant, dusty old bookstore. Shelves tower overhead; stacks of books line the floor; aisles roll out in all directions, disappearing into murk darkness. ANGLE ON AISLE: John watches Leek scan the titles, his he tilted to the side. He plucks a book off the shelves:
79) 0) text: Loud, crowded, and cold. John and Leek walk into the wind
80) 0) text: John has put off his flight and spends hours walking circ around Times Square, wrestling with unanswered questions.
82) 0) text: John and Ed sip coffee. Typical airport chaos surges all around them. Ed shakes his head, can’t believe what he’s hearing. Beat.
82) 1) dialog: This doesn’t sound like you, John. This is the kind of stuff we used to rip on when it came over the wire.
82) 3) dialog: You met someone, didn’t you?
82) 5) text: 150 Ed takes a long, assessing look at his friend. He knows n to push it.
82) 6) dialog: Do me a favor. Talk to Cyrus. Today. Tell him you've got the flu -- make up any (MORE) (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: About a hundred townsfolk have gathered for the annual Christmas tree lighting. John searches for Connie. He win his way through the crowd, past Nat and Lucy, C.J. and Ho Josh and the cranky Night Manager. Everyone seems a bit anxious: there’s trouble getting the tree lit. He spots Connie and Denise standing in a storefront, shar a cigarette. They both look upset. John hugs Connie, but doesn’t hug him back. John is hurt. Denise smooths the awkward moment:
83) 15) text: 151 CONTINUED: (2) isi
83) 23) text: i151 152 153 154 84. CONTINUED: (3) isl A row of lights goes on, sparks, —¢ ‘ immedia-ely goes of The crowd lets out a disap sinted Shhhh” . yin moves ahea to see what’s going on. John looks at Connie and nods -- it’s okay. They circle t still dark tree in silence for a while, tracking Kevin. T JOHN (cont’d) Connie, whatever is happening here -- it has something to do with me. I was brought here. For a reason... Connie stops, looks him in the eyes. JOHN (cont'd) These things are real. Indrid Cold is real. He’s trying to show me something, tell me something...I don’t know what. John waits for her to react. All he sees on her face is concern. Whatever she’s thinking, she doesn’t want to say Fifty feet above them, the grand old pine tree lights. Th stare, speechless. It’s beautiful, but at the same time, maybe because of the events of the last months, a pall ha over the town...
85) 0) text: John turns over in bed, then wakes with a start. There's rustling sound outside. Somebody is at the window. John climbs out of bed. The phone starts ringing. He igno it. He goes to the window and draws back the curtains...
86) 0) text: THE PHONE IS STILL RINGING: John bolts up in bed, covered sweat, gasping from the nightmare John catches his breath and looks at the clock: 4:00 a.m. exactly. He picks up the phone:
87) 0) text: John is wearing a black suit, hunched over a glass of sco A couple people dressed in mourning clothes are gathered the other end of the bar. A hand gently squeezes John’s shoulder, he turns to find Fire Chief Josh Jessup: (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: It’s just getting dark as John pulls into town, parks in front of the POLICE STATION. John bounds up the station steps, his mind still reeling the events at the sound lab. He stops abruptly and walks down the steps, turns left. A WOMAN WITH RED HAIR climbs the steps from the right. Jo just misses seeing her, but we do: she’s a dead-ringer fo Mary. We follow John to a -
96) 0) text: John enters. The PHONE RINGS. He looks at ti >» answering machine: the number ‘9’ flashes insistently. John slowly approaches the phone and picks it up... AN EAR-SHATTERING BEEP -- he slams the receiver down. John hits the “playback” on his answering machine. It rew and plays: More BEEPING...Odd electronic MUSIC...A strang high-pitched rhythmic MURMUR... What the hell does all this mean? The PHONE RINGS. He hesitates, then picks it up. It’s a h pitched CHORUS OF VOICES.
100) 0) text: Three hours and 269 miles away from Point Pleasant. John pulls into the motel driveway and parks. He climbs out of his car, stiff and sore, unable to drive another foot. He wanders exhausted into...
101) 0) text: John approaches the YOUNG WOMAN at the counter. (CONTINUED)
102) 0) text: John grips the receiver, hovering on the edge of panic. H fumbles Albert Leek’s business card out of his pocket and dials the number:
105) 0) text: Riding the momentum, picking up steam, John storms throug the room, dismantling the headquarters with glee. Suddenly, a POLAROID PICTURE falis from the wall onto the desk in front of him. He freezes -- then relaxes: it’s th one of him and Mary in Hawaii. He smiles. Finally, it seems like it might be okay. He stares at thi island of normalcy in a room packed with madness. (CONTINUED)
106) 0) text: FADE UP on the same shot. Later. John sits in the dark room clutching his portable mini- recorder and playing the HIGH-PITCHED MURMUR over and ove
107) 0) text: John hasn’t moved. Dawn is breaking. John sits, half-asle the recorder still playing in his hands. But the batterie are dying and the tape plays slowly, the hi-pitched murmu now sounding like...a voice? THE PHONE RINGS. Startled, John jolts awake and grabs the receiver:
108) 20) text: -- have you received a bomb threat?
109) 0) text: They have reached the Governor's limo. McCallum squeezes eyes shut, drops his chin to his chest for an instant, lo up at John again.
110) 0) text: John enters and sits at the bar. A BASKETBALL GAME plays the TV, and stock quotes scroll across an LED SCREEN underneath.
112) 0) text: John’s luggage is on the bed; as he packs the last of his things there’s a knock at the door. He opens it. It’s Connie. She walks in, sees the bags:
115) 0) text: Josh Jessup and the other fireman use the truck ladders t place Christmas lights along the station house roof... EXT. LUCY GRIFFIN’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - SUNSET 192 Lucy and Nat Griffin build a giant snowman with GIANT WIN AND INSECT EYES beneath the blue pine tree where Mothman appeared just weeks ago...
119) 0) text: Just a few cars are parked here on <his cold, crystal-cle night. Connie Parker sits in her cruiser staring out at t horizon over the chemical plant. The CHOIR (0.S.) brings their song to its final, poignant notes... INT. JOHN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 198 John is curled asleep on the cold dark living room floor. FADE OUT.
120) 0) text: John looks like hell: he hasn’t shaved or changed clothes three days. He gazes at the clock -- it’s almost noon. He clutches the Polaroid -- Mothman still clearly visible the sky -- and waits. As John stares at the Polaroid, the Mothman’s eyes seem to stare back at him. IMPOSSIBLE ANGLE on John’s face from the Mothman’s POV in photo. THE PHONE RINGS. John pounces:
124) 0) text: Snow falls in gray flurries as John’s car makes its way across the final mile of Gallipolis, Ohio and approaches Ohio River and the 700 foot span of... THE SILVER BRIDGE leading into Point Pleasant. John’s car pulls up behind a line of cars stopped on the leading down to the red light before the bridge.
126) 0) text: Traffic is backed-up in both directions. Cars are loaded people -- on their way home, on their way to parties, on their way to the mall for some last minute shopping.
128) 0) text: John is getting antsy. What’s with the light? A burst of static fogs the radio. He shuts it off, annoyed. (CONTINUED)
129) 0) text: ..+RED AND BLUE LIGHTS dancing on the low hanging clouds.
129) 24) text: People are desperate to comply. Problem is, they’re in th middle of the traffic jam and couldn’t go anywhere even i they wanted to.
131) 0) text: Dozens of firemen and rescue workers tend to the injured CARS and BODIES are pulled from the river. ON THE RIVER BANKS: The Coroner’s Men tend to the dead, lining them up in body bags along the river's edge... FURTHER DOWN: Denise Smallwood holds a sobbing Nat Griffi AND STILL FURTHER DOWN: John Klein waits while paramedics finish wrapping Connie’s fractured arm in a temporary cas and dressing several cuts and wounds. Finally, one nods at him: he can talk to her now. John rushes to her side, holds her.