61) 31) dialog: Your father was born in Racine, Wisconsin. You lived in a green house on Monroe street. You can’t remember how your mother looked. John realizes he’s sweating, his breathing has quickened. makes himself breathe normally.
61) 33) dialog: Red shirt, three buttons. Correct. Hmm. John looks around the room. The curtains ar open. He pulls them shut. He looks down and sees his watc his shoe.
61) 35) dialog: Shoe under bed. He looks around the room: Hidden cameras? An elaborate tr He shuts off all the lights. Then plunges his hand into h overnight bag.
61) 37) dialog: Cream stick. John pulls his hand from his bag: he holds a small tube o Chapstick. Suddenly, an explanation occurs.
61) 39) dialog: I have no need to. (CONTINUED)
61) 43) dialog: (instantly) ‘“-- Face unadorned held a naked promise that her figure did --” John flips on the lamp, opens the book, finds the page, s the line, takes a sharp breath. Correct.
61) 44) dialog: (cont ‘d) Still more proof John Klein?
63) 0) text: John is still on the phone with Indrid Cold. His mood has shifted from skepticism to anxious fascination:
63) 2) dialog: Variable.
63) 4) dialog: We already have. You frighten easily. You‘re afraid right now.
63) 6) dialog: Why ask me what you already know? John takes a breath and closes his eyes: (CONTINUED)
63) 10) dialog: The one who was Mary Klein cannot be found by looking. (beat) Contact is possible. See you in time. The line ERUPTS IN A HIGH PITCHED WHINE, a metallic WHIST piercing John’s ear. He flings the phone away. The receiv keeps SCREECHING on the floor. John stares at the phone. SCREECH becomes a terrible CREAK, replaced by STATIC, the nothing, finally a dial tone. John forces himself to retr the receiver and place it back on the cradle. Sweat beads roll down into his eyes. EXT. GORDON SMALLWOOD’S HOUSE - NIGHT 122 Connie’s hand pounds on the door. Nothing. She pounds aga Nothing. Finally, a light goes on inside and... GORDON SMALLWOOD opens the door slowly. He’s in boxer sho hair-mussed, fresh from bed. He squints out at Connie:
71) 0) text: John drives past the scrap yard next to the UNFINISHED HIGHWAY where Gordon claims to have met Indrid Cold. As J drives under the elevated RAMP TO NOWHERE...
72) 0) text: ohn climbs ovt of his car, plants his feet on the aspha?t looks around. Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of Indrid Cold or an other explanation -- what did he just pass through? He walks back towards the area, slowly, cautiously, tryin stay calm. Then he takes one step too many. He’s back inside the zone. The air becomes perfectly stil ALL AUDIBLE SOUNDS -- animals, birds, even insects -- are sucked into silence. The night becomes darker, too dark. John's breathing becomes shallow and fast. He falls to th ground, engulfed in fear.
83) 23) text: i151 152 153 154 84. CONTINUED: (3) isl A row of lights goes on, sparks, —¢ ‘ immedia-ely goes of The crowd lets out a disap sinted Shhhh” . yin moves ahea to see what’s going on. John looks at Connie and nods -- it’s okay. They circle t still dark tree in silence for a while, tracking Kevin. T JOHN (cont’d) Connie, whatever is happening here -- it has something to do with me. I was brought here. For a reason... Connie stops, looks him in the eyes. JOHN (cont'd) These things are real. Indrid Cold is real. He’s trying to show me something, tell me something...I don’t know what. John waits for her to react. All he sees on her face is concern. Whatever she’s thinking, she doesn’t want to say Fifty feet above them, the grand old pine tree lights. Th stare, speechless. It’s beautiful, but at the same time, maybe because of the events of the last months, a pall ha over the town...
107) 11) dialog: {on tape) Great tragedy on River-Ohio. Great tragedy on River-Ohio. Great tragedy on River-Ohio... We hear Cyrus shouting to John through the discarded phon receiver, but John listens to the tape, transfixed. INT. CONNIE PARKER’S HOUSE - MORNING 178 John follows Connie around as she gets ready for work. (CONTINUED)