6) 0) text: John and MARY KLEIN hang back in an empty kitchen listeni to the REAL ESTATE LADY. Mary Klein, (31), a beautiful redhead with a quick smile an irrepressible joie de vivre.
6) 3) dialog: Oh, my God...I think I love it.
6) 9) dialog: Come on, let’s live dangerously. They enter the...
6) 12) text: Mary grabs John, suddenly excited. She kisses him. He kis her. Passionately. She pulls him into the closet, laughin John closes the door.
6) 20) text: A naked light bulb switches on. John and Mary jump. A MOT bats the bulb with its wings, casting large flickering shadows. 15 16 17 18 IN THE BEDROOM a5 John and Mary tumble out of the closet.
7) 0) text: Through the window, John and Mary clink champagne glasses
8) 0) text: Long graceful tracking shot as John and Mary walk from th restaurant to the Valet station. It's a moment of pure happiness, ease, everything between them is right. John hands the VALET his ticket. They bring the car. The Valet hands the keys to John. John tosses Mary THE KEYS and flops into the passenger se He’s drunk. Mary climbs behind the wheel. They drive off.
10) 0) text: IN THE SILENCE OF THE CAR, Mary turns to John...
10) 1) dialog: You know what I kept thinking when we were looking at the house today?
10) 3) dialog: (laughing) No...
10) 5) dialog: Yeah! No, I kept thinking it felt like a dream come true. Mary stops at a light. John looks at her, the red light reflecting off her eyes. She’s serious.
10) 7) dialog: Can we make it home first?
11) 0) text: John watches Mary behind a glass partition. She has been readied for a scan. She’s fully conscious now, her eyes w and scared.
12) 0) text: Mary is groggy, bandages on her nose. John holds her hand
12) 4) dialog: Yeah, I’m okay... But she’s not. She stares off, pre-occupied, remote. Fina she looks at him:
12) 5) dialog: You didn’t see it, did you.
12) 7) dialog: Nothing. John’s hand tightens on hers.
12) 11) dialog: John...there’s something wrong with me.
14) 0) text: THROUGH THE OUTSIDE WINDOW INTO DR. MCELHONE’S OFFICE ... We see John and Mary sitting at Dz. McElhone’s desk, as s talks to them. After a long moment John slowly puts his a around his wife.
15) 0) text: John sees Mary’s parents, WOODROW and RUTH DUNNING, rush carrying overnight bags.
17) 0) text: Mary's hair is gone and her head is bandaged from surgery but she’s more awake and alert than the last time we saw John sits with her, a yellow pad in his hand.
17) 2) dialog: Are you sure you can do all this? Have the stores wrap everything for you, okay?
17) 4) dialog: John... I’m sorry.
17) 6) dialog: About all this. I feel like I ruined everything. John looks at her; she’s talking about a lot more than ju Christmas. He takes her hand and smiles.
18) 0) text: THICK BLACK SKID MARKS scar the street underneath the bra John tries an experiment. He gets in the car, backs up fo yards, guns the accelerator. Suddenly, he slams the brake cranks the wheel. The car slews sideways - he is pulled u short by the seatbelt. His face never even gets near the window. He sits back. Tugs on the shoulder harness. It locks up. why didn’t it lock up for Mary? He climbs out of the car, searching the street - searchin for an answer, a reason. What did she see? John stands behind the BRANCH and squints his eyes: the branch BLURS and TWO DISTANT RED CONSTRUCTION LIGHTS shin like EYES, forming the impression of a large looming figu was that it? John walks to the front of the car. That’s when he notice something on the front bumper. Something he missed comple the night of the accident... qT it. the bumper is scorched black.
22) 0) text: John slowly enters then pulls back a curtain, his face fu of fear . Mary lies motionless on a bed. John moves slowly towards her, his entire self somehow diminished. He sits at her side and grips Mary’s hand like he’1l neve let her go. His shoulders tremble with sharp inconsolable sobs. He leans in close and presses his lips to her white lifeless face; a kiss that will have to last him a lifeti
24) 0) text: The bed is empty. John slowly packs Mary’s belongings int RED OVERNIGHT CASE. He doesn’t know how to do this. What about the toothbrush? The lipstick? He picks up her dress smells it. His eyes close.
29) 0) text: John and Gwen walk from the restaurant to the Valet stati A long graceful tracking shot reminds us of John’s last h evening with Mary. But tonight he’s with Gwen. They hand their tickets to the valet.
89) 0) text: It’s just getting dark as John pulls into town, parks in front of the POLICE STATION. John bounds up the station steps, his mind still reeling the events at the sound lab. He stops abruptly and walks down the steps, turns left. A WOMAN WITH RED HAIR climbs the steps from the right. Jo just misses seeing her, but we do: she’s a dead-ringer fo Mary. We follow John to a -
91) 0) text: John climbs the steps. As he passes through the glass fro doors, THE WOMAN WALKS RIGHT PAST HIM. Once again, John misses seeing her. Is that Mary? Now we' not sure. Something looks different.
93) 0) text: JOHN'S MEMORY POV: The beach. Hawaii. Mary laughs, her re hair and green eyes shining in the sun...
105) 0) text: Riding the momentum, picking up steam, John storms throug the room, dismantling the headquarters with glee. Suddenly, a POLAROID PICTURE falis from the wall onto the desk in front of him. He freezes -- then relaxes: it’s th one of him and Mary in Hawaii. He smiles. Finally, it seems like it might be okay. He stares at thi island of normalcy in a room packed with madness. (CONTINUED)