6) 12) text: Mary grabs John, suddenly excited. She kisses him. He kis her. Passionately. She pulls him into the closet, laughin John closes the door.
42) 14) dialog: It’s been going on about a month, every Wednesday night at the poison plant. John looks a question at Connie: “Poison plant?”
42) 16) dialog: (smiles) Used to be. Now we just watch the lights.
42) 18) dialog: I don’t know, man, just these weird lights zipping around in the sky.
42) 20) dialog: Nobody knows, dude, the sky's just totally freaking out.
42) 22) dialog: That's when they seem to show up. Lucy refills their coffee cups. Connie takes out the bird sketch:
46) 0) text: The Prowler’s headlights illuminate a rusted chain with a sign: “ROAD CLOSED - NO TRESPASSING” Connie climbs out, pulls the chain aside, drives through.
51) 3) dialog: In a week or so we'll have to watch from our cars.
51) 5) dialog: Naw, this is the most people so far.
51) 16) dialog: Look, there they are! Suddenly, excitement ripples through the remaining spectators. John and Connie stand up. The camcorder lies forgotten at John’s feet. RED AND BLUE PINPOINTS OF LIGHT hover in the sky. Big dea It could be an airplane.... THE LIGHTS collapse in on each other and plummet straight down into the river, disappearing at the horizon where th water meets the sky. More pairs of lights appear. Now some of them spin around each other, and the after image looks like a DNA spiral falling to the earth. John watches spellbound as the flickering lights spin and fall. The effect is hypnotic, eerie, dizzying, disorienting...
63) 0) text: John is still on the phone with Indrid Cold. His mood has shifted from skepticism to anxious fascination:
65) 0) text: John sits in the SOUND LAB surrounded by some of the most sophisticated sound analysis equipment in America. He lis to a tape of last night’s phone call along with: SONNY BERGER, (45) a sound engineer -- good-natured, bear and at least 300 pounds. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: ohn climbs ovt of his car, plants his feet on the aspha?t looks around. Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of Indrid Cold or an other explanation -- what did he just pass through? He walks back towards the area, slowly, cautiously, tryin stay calm. Then he takes one step too many. He’s back inside the zone. The air becomes perfectly stil ALL AUDIBLE SOUNDS -- animals, birds, even insects -- are sucked into silence. The night becomes darker, too dark. John's breathing becomes shallow and fast. He falls to th ground, engulfed in fear.
83) 0) text: About a hundred townsfolk have gathered for the annual Christmas tree lighting. John searches for Connie. He win his way through the crowd, past Nat and Lucy, C.J. and Ho Josh and the cranky Night Manager. Everyone seems a bit anxious: there’s trouble getting the tree lit. He spots Connie and Denise standing in a storefront, shar a cigarette. They both look upset. John hugs Connie, but doesn’t hug him back. John is hurt. Denise smooths the awkward moment:
103) 0) text: It’s still dark out. John enters like he’s walking into a snake pit. He quickly knocks the phone off the hook befor has a chance to ring. He looks around the room... JOHN'S POV: Mothman drawings, photos, maps, charts, books it looks like a lunatic’s office. John comes to a decision: there’s only one thing to do. John opens a box of 40-gallon trash bags. He shakes one o and slowly begins stuffing it. He starts with the photos, next go the note cards. Then t maps and charts. He begins moving faster and faster. He furiously jams faxes and articles into the bag. Finall he rips THE MOTHMAN DRAWINGS off the wall and tears them
115) 0) text: Josh Jessup and the other fireman use the truck ladders t place Christmas lights along the station house roof... EXT. LUCY GRIFFIN’S HOUSE - BACKYARD - SUNSET 192 Lucy and Nat Griffin build a giant snowman with GIANT WIN AND INSECT EYES beneath the blue pine tree where Mothman appeared just weeks ago...
129) 56) text: Nat thrashes in the water, when out of the darkness -- HANDS GRAB HIM: John’s hands. He grips Nat and heads for surface.
131) 0) text: Dozens of firemen and rescue workers tend to the injured CARS and BODIES are pulled from the river. ON THE RIVER BANKS: The Coroner’s Men tend to the dead, lining them up in body bags along the river's edge... FURTHER DOWN: Denise Smallwood holds a sobbing Nat Griffi AND STILL FURTHER DOWN: John Klein waits while paramedics finish wrapping Connie’s fractured arm in a temporary cas and dressing several cuts and wounds. Finally, one nods at him: he can talk to her now. John rushes to her side, holds her.