1) 5) dialog: Max my boy -- seeing that it’s your last night here, I thought it only appropriate that we open something extra special...
1) 8) dialog: Tempier Bandol. 1969. The kind of wine that’1l pickle even the toughest of men... I once saw a Castilian prizefighter collapse into a heap after drinking just a single glass. Of course, my knee landing squarely on his testicles may have been partly to biame. He begins opening the bottle.
1) 9) dialog: What was I talking about before?
1) 11) dialog: Blue suits?
1) 13) dialog: Quite right. A blue suit is the most versatile of accoutrements... But even more important than the suit itself is the tailor who fits it for you. Take note, Max: once you find a good tailor, you're not to give his name away -- not even under the threat of bodily harm. Uncle Henry pours a glass for himself. One for Max. Then spills a little water into Max‘’s glass, just to soften i bit. He takes a seat.
1) 14) dialog: Now where were we? Whose turn is it?
1) 20) dialog: Max, have I told you why I enjoy making wine so much? 09/19/2005 3.
1) 23) dialog: You’re starting to sound like a communist, Max. In France, it’s always the landowner that makes the wine, even if all he does is supervise with binoculars from the comfort of his study... (swirls his wine) Now then -- I enjoy making wine because this sublime nectar is, quite simply, incapable of lying. You see Max, all the work we do here at La Siroque -- all the Planting, all the harvesting, all the fermenting -- it’s nothing more than the art of bottling truth, Par example: if perchance one year it rains too much, the wine will tell you that very easily, by the depth of it’s color... (holds the wine up toa candle) And if it rains too little, itll tell you that too...in it’s aroma and bouquet... (sniffs the wine) Pick too early, pick too late, it i Matters not -- the wine will always } whisper into your mouth with i complete, unabashed honesty, every : time you take a sip... i (takes a sip) Abhh... Delightful. (then; serious) So Max-a-million...now that you know why I love wine so much, do you have something you want to tell mée...? i i Max looks at his Uncle, poker-faced. Then down at the che board.
24) 7) dialog: Nonsense, Max, at your age I could spot a hyena on-the veldt at three quarters of a mile. Uncle Henry lines up his serve. THWACK! Dead-center. Max lunges for the ball as if his life depended on it, but mi anyway.
24) 8) dialog: Ace! Game, set, match! Uncle Henry dances in the “end zone” in celebration. Piss Young Max slams his racket to the court...and walks towar the service box to examine the line.
24) 11) dialog: The veal question, Max, is why you aren’t celebrating.
24) 13) dialog: Max...a man should acknowledge his losses as gracefully as he celebrates his victories... (goading) Now give us a jig...for your old Uncle's sake... 09/19/2005 20a. Following orders, Young Max makes a half-hearted attempt dance around the court. . —
24) 16) dialog: Try harder, Max-a-million! Focus! Arms up in triumph! (not happy with his performance) Dance boy -~ don’t shimmy like an Ttalian! Young Max raises his arms, but he’s just not feeling it.. abruptly stops.
24) 18) dialog: Someday, Max, you'll come to see that a man learns nothing from winning. The act of losing, however, can elicit great wisdom...not the least of which is how much more enjoyable it is to win... It is essential to lose now and then... The trick is not to make a habit of it... THE PRESENT.
42) 3) text: INT. UNCLE HENRY'S BEDROOM - LATER 70 — Max’s eyes slowly flutter open. He gets up and walks to t shutters, but when he throws them open, & FRENZIED SWARM scorpions EXPLODES from the sill! Holy shit!
43) 0) text: Madame Duflot is climbing the steps with Max’s pressed su when she hears his screams. She rushes up... 70B INT, UNCLE HENRY’S BEDROOM - SAME 70B Max grabs a shoe and frantically pounds anything that mov Madame Duflet bursts in and sees the scorpions. She uses suit to help him kill the bugs.
43) 1) text: MADAME DUFLOT i Lavande!? Lavande!? : Madame Duflot joins in, and thrashes the scorpions with M newly-cleaned suit. Then, she fishes the plastic dish of moldy lavender out of the trash...and pompously waves in front of Max's face. MADAME DUFLOT f Lavande!} : She firmly places it back on the window sill. 700 INT. UNCLE HENRY’S BEDROOM - LATER 70C "Max digs through Uncle Henry’s clothes closet. It’s fill an assortment of styles, spanning the decades.
55) 2) dialog: (loud; calmly) Wide... THE PRESENT, Max does a perfect “D,K. lillee off-cutter.” Hits the center stump.
61) 13) dialog: Tell me Max, what do you see down there? YOUNG MAX’S POV - INTO VAT Filled to the rim with bubbling, fermenting red wine.
61) 15) dialog: (confused) Are you speaking in tongues, boy?
61) 17) dialog: I must be suffering from dementia, I don’t recall ever having taught you that,
61) 20) dialog: Well done. Proves the adage that wisdom can be found in the most unlikely places. (MORE)
61) 24) text: UNCLE HENRY (cont'd) To watch Duflot on bended knee, doing something as simple ag weeding his soil... there's a magnificent poetry in his devotion to each and every grape. Perhaps he‘1l inspire you to find devotion in what you do for a living someday?
61) 26) dialog: Max, ask me what the most important part of comedy is.
61) 28) dialog: {cutting in) ~-Timing. PRESENT, Max chuckles, as the reverie fades away.
68) 0) text: Max sits at his Uncle’s desk, carefully examining the estate’s accounting records, -which are exceptionally nea and all written in deep, green ink. Behind him, the recor player spins a Harry Nilsson 45. Madame Duflot ig on her knees, scouring the floor. Max throws some papers off the desk into a bin. He stops. He picks up a RED WATERMAN FOUNTAIN PEN and rolig it in h palm. He unscrews the pot of green ink and smells it. He smiles. Remembering. FLASHBACK. Uncle Henry on the couch, glass of wine on hig stomach. At the desk is Young Max, gripping the SAME PEN, writing in Henry's checkbook, forging his handwriting.
68) 2) dialog: How much?
68) 4) dialog: (sighs) Sign!
68) 6) text: Using Uncle Henry’s real signature as a guide, Young Max flips it upside down, and copies the scrawl...
68) 10) dialog: Who else, who else...?
68) 12) dialog: (standing to pour wine) Not a sou to that grease monkey ! The jag's still coughing up like your Aunt Midge. Uncle Henry leans over admiring the young forger’s handiw
68) 13) dialog: You're a genius Maximillian. You could be me.
90) 3) text: 127 09/19/2005 80. Scribbled in green ink in his Uncle’s writing it says: “Alison Roberts. The San Francisco Treat.” INT. UNCLE HENRY’S STUDY - MINUTES LATER 126A Max compares the duplicate photo side-by-side with the on that Christie brought. They are a perfect match... He is stunned. Max's Treo rings.
102) 0) text: The rain has stopped. Drip, drip, drip...the estate dries itself off in the rising sun... INT. UNCLE HENRY’S BEDROOM - SAME 147 Max is fast asleep. Fanny is tiptoeing out of the bedroom clothes in her hands. Suddenly, we HEAR Charlie SCREAMING from his room:
103) 29) dialog: Max, the terroir needs more than sun and rain...more even than the loving hand of a winemaker... It needs harmony. It needs balance. Henry stands up and young Max follows. They start to walk side-by-side,..row by row...
104) 0) text: Max striding through the terminal toward the check-in counter. UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE The thing is, Max old boy, I’m dying... I know this because Dr. Khan, my physician, hag stopped talking about my health and begun discussing the weather...
107) 0) text: Christie geta out of a sputtering Renault, and waves good to the people who dropped her off. (Obvioualy she hitched a ride.) * UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE I have a daughter... ‘Her name is Christie Roberts. Sadly, we have never met...
108) 0) text: Dinner rush. For a moment, Fanny looks over to where Max the other night, helping her as a waiter. A Moment of regret... UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE Her mother’s name was Alligon. She was a tour guide at a tiny vineyard in Northern California.
110) 0) text: A DRIVER holds a card that reads “Skinner.” Max exits wit crowd of people...and motions to the Driver... UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE I hope this decision doesn’t hurt your feelingg -- and as successful as you are -- you don’t need it. .f hope you understand,
112) 0) text: The train rips through the French countryside, Christie opens the envelope. Inside, she finds both photos, as wel as Uncle Henry’s letter to Max -- which is written in gre ink, in a flowing Italianate, She begins to read...
112) 4) text: UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE : And it is my heartfelt wish that i Christie should share in that : magic... 161 INT. MAX‘S FLAT - DUSK 161 Max enters the austerity of his hip flat. Puts his keys o steel counter. Removes Henry’s sandals, still covered wit Provencal dust and drops them in the trash.
112) 6) text: 162 163 09/19/2005 99. UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE I like to think of her there... After all...ghe and La Siroque are all I leave behind... Then, as an afterthought, he takes them out.
113) 0) text: Christie finishes Uncle Henry's letter, overcome with emotion... : UNCLE HENRY’S VOICE Your loving Uncle... (Max signs) Henry Skinner...
116) 0) text: Young Max is wading in the pool. Uncle Henry, in swimming trunks and terry bathrobe, appears above him--
116) 1) dialog: Max...would you mind entertaining Ms. Chenal’s daughter while I give her mother a tour of the estate? Uncle Henry smiles lasciviously at MS. CHENAL, 40's, who pushes FANNY, 10, forward to meet Max. Even at this age, she's gorgeous and a bit dangerous. Max turns red with typical adolescent embarrassment.
116) 3) dialog: Given the book’s title, I don’t expect you'll be surprised by the ending, Max. {to Mother; as they go) Come now, Ms. Chenal, there are Many attractions here at La . Siroque, beginning with the view, which, fortuitously, is best appreciated from my bedroom... Uncle Henry and Ms. Chenal’s shuffle off...leaving Max al with Fanny...