6) 0) text: Neat and orderly. No sign of personal belongings. One poster adorns the wall: a man's torso in a sharply- tailored taupe suit. Bold letters proclaim: "MANAGEMENT". Smaller script reads: "Everything's Under Control." A video camera (labeled MANCAM) records Qohen's every mov Except Qohen doesn't move. He simply sits staring at his computer monitor, trancelike. The image on the monitor shows Qohen from behind, staring an image of himself on his monitor staring at an image of himself... ad infinitum. His phone RINGS. Qohen slowly comes back to reality as the phone continues RINGING. Finally, he picks up the receiver. A female COMPUTERIZED VOICE speaks.
8) 13) dialog: I take it you're not happy, Mr. Leth. Qohen hesitates, startled.
8) 15) dialog: I know you, Mr. Leth. Sit. Qohen grimaces in the direction of the party, then nervou perches on the edge of the empty chair. Management sips from his teacup, eyes riveted on the page
8) 16) dialog: What seems to be the problem?
8) 21) dialog: You're quite insane, Mr. Leth. Qohen stands, cowed by Management's bland disinterest.
8) 40) dialog: What is the meaning of life, Mr. Leth? Qohen clutches his throat, eyes bulging. 16.
8) 41) dialog: So close to its end, and still no answer. Management closes his book.
8) 42) dialog: I have a special project for you that might prove to be mutually beneficial. The room blurs.
8) 43) dialog: But there's not much time, Mr. Leth. Not much time at all... Qohen's knees buckle... And then he is suddenly lifted off his feet from behind a dragged back into the...
52) 33) dialog: I'm afraid you won't find my son here, Mr. Leth. He's been hospitalized.
52) 35) dialog: If I believed in miracles, I'd be praying for one now. My son... is not well. He's never been well. I've tried to protect him, but he's always chafed at my touch... Eventually, a father must let go. Surely you know that, Mr. Leth. He turns to face Qohen, smiling sadly. Qohen looks around.
52) 37) dialog: This is your mind, Mr. Leth. This is your mind in ManCom.
52) 39) dialog: Is there really a difference? You're part of the Neural Net now. All of your knowledge, all of your being has been incorporated into ManCom. Qohen stares in despair. 88.
52) 41) dialog: That depends upon the question. Qohen's jaw clenches.
52) 43) dialog: (amused) Good question, Mr. Leth, but posed to the wrong person. You've apparently mistaken me for an entity of considerably higher power. I am not the source of your call. I am neither God nor Devil. I am simply a man who seeks the truth.
52) 45) dialog: You're looking it dead in the eye. He sweeps his hand toward the Black Hole behind him.
52) 46) dialog: Chaos encapsulated. This is all there is in the end, as it was in the beginning. Qohen stares at the Black hole in dismay.
52) 48) dialog: Not quite. ManCom is still, as you put it, "crunching" the data. But it's only a matter of time. Qohen struggles to control his anger.
52) 50) dialog: The saddest aspect of mankind's belief in a purpose beyond this life is that it makes this life meaningless -- a way station on the road to eternity.
52) 52) text: The black hole swirls behind Management, a yawning maw of emptiness framing his head like a dark halo.
52) 53) dialog: You've persisted in believing that a call could give your life meaning. You've waited and waited for that call to come. And as a result, you've led a meaningless life. We give our own lives meaning... even if we can't understand the reason... Every rose has its thorns, Mr. Leth. Management approaches Qohen, puts a hand on his shoulder.
52) 54) dialog: (sadly) I'm sorry, Mr. Leth. We're not really all that different, you and I... But ultimately you must find your own way. Qohen stares at Management's hand... «+. and suddenly Management disappears. Qohen slumps for a moment, staring at the Black Hole... Then, eyes burning, he seats himself at the control panel He locates a keyboard, begins typing desperately. Nothing. Frustrated, Qohen leaps to his feet, rips the keyboard fr the panel, and hurls it at a nearby computer bank. The keyboard shatters without doing any damage, but sudde the computer bank lights up like a flashing pinball machi Qohen stares at the light-show in wonder... Frantically, he begins demolishing the control panel, hur pieces at the computer banks... He heaves up the desk-top +. and something falls CLANGING to the floor. It is a ball-peen hammer. Qohen stoops to pick it up. He holds it in his,hand, flexing its weight, smiling cold And then he goes berserk, throwing himself against bank a bank of computers, wildly swinging, SMASHING, swinging, grinning like a demon on fire... He rampages down the corridor of computer banks, hammerin And while each machine remains undamaged, all flash wild lights after he hits them, a frenzied flashing and WHIRRI that seems to match Qohen's unbridled anger. 90. He finally falls to his knees, weary, and raises his eyes All the way down the endless corridor, ManCom's computer banks are powering up. He turns and, still on his knees, gazes at the Black Hole It seems to loom closer, larger. Qohen's eyes light up like fire as the realization hits h Qohen gets to his feet. He pulls up his hood, places a ha on the "Q" on his chest, pats it for reassurance, raises hammer high... «+. then takes off at a sprint up the corridor. Computer banks flash, spark, explode in his wake... He vaults the control panel in a single bound and is sudd soaring through...
55) 0) text: Qohen stands on the sidewalk, face aimed at the sunny sky PASSERSBY stare at his costume, but Qohen doesn't notice. He turns to look at his chapel. Smoke billows out the windows. He walks to the curb... .--and suddenly spots Management, flanked by Chubs and Sl standing in a shop doorway across the street. A sports car comes screeching to a halt in front of Qohen The tinted window rolls down, and Bob pokes his head out. Get in! 1 stole this from the old man. Every Clone in town'll be after me. Qohen circles the car to the passenger side. Hand on the door, he hesitates. Across the way, the Clones move forward, eyes menacing. But Management stops them with a motion of his hand. He nods to Qohen, puts a finger to his lips, and, smiling sadly, takes one last look at Bob. Then he turns and goes into the shop, the Clones followin