3) 0) text: Nyles trudges up a moonlit road. He takes a Tecate from h pocket and drinks as he reaches the top of a hill, where another source of LIGHT illuminates his face. He gazes ou with a look of recognition -- and resignation: A LARGE ESTATE at the end of the road, 100 yards down, in this otherwise pitch black desert valley. The MAIN HOUSE the center, with two large GUEST HOUSES, all connected through strands of twinkling lights extending down a long dirt driveway, packed full of hybrid cars. Nyles continues toward the estate, passing a SIGN: “Tala Abe's Wedding - November 9,” stenciled on driftwood in wh Futura font. Nyles SLAPS it down as he passes.
4) 5) dialog: That’s my cue -- Abe, always the charmer, pulls Tala in for a long kiss wh guests cheer. As he releases her, Sarah returns to her se across from them, watching with quiet judgement. Tala smiles at her sister, Sarah feigns one back. Misty turns the page of her notes --
4) 23) dialog: Who's this guy?
13) 0) text: Howard carries a driftwood sign down the driveway. At a f in the road, he hammers it in the dirt with a mallet. REV THE SIGN: “Tala & Abe’s Wedding - November 9.”
22) 0) text: ON SARAH as she quietly opens the front door, hoping to g unnoticed... but is hit by the mad rush of people bustlin about to set up, the onslaught of wedding decorations, Ta and Abe's engagement POSTER before her. Nausea strikes --
24) 7) dialog: What happened? How is she?
24) 9) dialog: I need to see you, baby!
24) 12) dialog: How bad is it? Sarah just stares back, trapped by this bizarre situation
49) 0) text: Tala and Abe slow dance, gazing into each other’s eyes. Nyles, dressed in a tux, taps on Abe’s shoulder.
49) 2) dialog: It’s the first dance. REVEAL: All of the guests watch. It is indeed the first d
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
66) 0) text: Abe and Tala are about to cut the cake when Nyles runs up CROSSBOW in hand --
86) 0) text: Nyles wanders down the hall in his underwear, passing peo setting up for the wedding. He stops in the living room w he sees Pia putting up photos of Tala and Abe.
87) 7) dialog: Mind if I partake? Need a breather. Abe snorts a line off the coffee table. He notices Nyles
87) 8) dialog: Misty’s boyfriend, right? Maybe don't mention this to her, cuz it’ll be a thing. Nyles zips his lips shut, locks them, and throws the key. frequently cut back to Nyles as the coke babble accelerat
87) 10) dialog: The next Gram Parsons.
87) 17) dialog: -- GP and Grievous Angel.
87) 19) dialog: The dude just couldn’t hang. Abe snorts another line.
87) 22) dialog: (to Nyles, re: coke) Misty’s boyfriend, you in? Nyles doesn’t move... his face changes... something about this pillow. He inhales and recognizes the scent.
87) 24) dialog: Whatever. Abe does another line, then heads for the door --
87) 25) dialog: Feel free to join the party -- Abe exits. Nyles takes another breath into the pillow -- sits up with some pep. His detective hat is on.
88) 0) text: Nyles races to the dance floor as Abe sits down next to T
88) 2) dialog: Excuse me?
88) 8) dialog: Shut up, you’re drunk.
88) 13) dialog: Of course not. This guy’s been drunk all day.
88) 17) dialog: Get the fuck out of here.
88) 19) dialog: You don’t actually believe this guy? Abe looks at all the faces judging him. Tala, Howard, Pia the Schlieffens, Trevor, Erin -- all stare at Abe in shoc
88) 20) dialog: Come on. Guys, really. That’s not me. But Tala knows it is. It makes sense to her. Time for him leave. Abe begins to walk away... but Nyles won’t let it
93) 0) text: Sarah shoots awake, sits up, fucking done with this day. She goes straight to the BATHROOM -- She flings open the steamed shower door to find Abe --
93) 1) dialog: Hey you.
93) 3) dialog: Uhh, okay. You’re not going to tell Tala though, right?
101) 0) text: Nyles trudges down the dirt road, AWAY from the estate, a guests drive toward the wedding. He passes the sign for “Tala & Abe’s Wedding - November 9
104) 0) text: MOS: Tala and Abe share their vows as family tears up. Sa smiles, standing by Tala in full support. She glances out the audience -- everyone falls for the love on display.