1) 0) text: PUSH IN on NYLES, 35 -- his head down on the bar, dressed swim trunks and a Hawaiian shirt, a full glass of whiskey the side. How he ended up here is anyone’s guess, but wha clear is a faded self-regard and fatalistic outlook. A fe BARFLIES throw darts and eat chili behind him. DARLA, 60s, a crusty regular, rubs his leg. Nyles shoots
1) 1) dialog: You okay, sweetheart?
1) 3) dialog: What’re you pouring this kid, Ted?
1) 6) text: Darlin’, take a look around: whatever you're after, it ain’t here... Nyles stares back at Darla -- for an uncomfortably long t Darla cocks her head. What the fuck is this guy on?
1) 7) dialog: (to Ted the Bartender) You sure he didn’t take something?
33) 10) dialog: 
33) 13) dialog: Who the fuck are you?
33) 15) dialog: Don’t you know how to hustle, kid?
33) 21) dialog: My eyes and hands are one. Nyles keeps watching Darla, Sarah keeps staring at him, waiting for an answer. He finally looks over.
44) 0) text: The darts game is over. Now both Sarah and Darla listen attentively to Nyles’ story.
46) 2) dialog: Amen to that. I tied my tubes at forty. Despite his nonchalance, Sarah senses Nyles is still trou
47) 34) dialog: You make me feel illegal. Nyles kisses her belly tenderly... He looks at her and lo eyes. He nods. She guides him down further, between her l
70) 0) text: Nyles, giddy with excitement, leads a blindfolded Sarah i the bar... He takes off her blindfold to REVEAL: The entire bar is filled with decorations -- STREAMERS, BALLOONS, and giant ‘HAPPY MILLIONTH BIRTHDAY, SARAH’ sig The unenthused BARFLIES all wear PARTY HATS, Darla claps Sarah covers her smile, truly touched and surprised -- 59.
107) 0) text: Nyles sulks at the bar, swirling a glass of whiskey. PUSH on that empty mug of his... Until he DROPS his face down the bar. As we first met him. Gram Parsons’ “Return of th Grievous Angel” plays throughout. Darla slides up and rubs his leg. Nyles shoots up.
107) 1) dialog: You okay, sweetheart?
107) 3) dialog: What’re you pouring this kid, Ted?
107) 6) dialog: Darlin’, take a look around: whatever you're after, it ain’t here... But now TIME SLOWS for Nyles... and _we see this moment differently than before as he locks eyes with Darla -- He turns back to the bar, digesting this odd profundity, staring into the MIRROR behind dusty liquor bottles -- FROM OVER NYLES’ SHOULDER, REFLECTED IN THE MIRROR, WE WA A giddy Nyles leading a blindfolded Sarah into her surpri shindig filled with decorations and a giant ‘HAPPY MILLIO BIRTHDAY, SARAH’ sign... that joyous tableau from their e days together. He removes her blindfold --
107) 10) dialog: You sure he didn’t take something?