5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
24) 0) text: Tala WAILS, clasping her bloody mouth. Sarah stands besid her, drenched and shellshocked -- Tala grabs her hand -- It’s all out pandemonium; a mess of snot, tears, and stre of mascara. Pia, Misty, and Erin (bridesmaid) dab Tala’s eyes, Nico looks on with a morbid curiosity, Howard frantically paces around the bedroom on the phone.
24) 3) dialog: Get ice, Sarah! Help! Help, Sarah! Do something! «+. a nauseating nightmare... swirling pastels...
28) 0) text: Nyles cautiously steps up to the pool, lingering by the e anticipating Sarah’s arrival. Jerry kickboards across.
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
75) 0) text: Locked on the tent, the lantern casts shadows, subtle moa merge with the desert sounds -- creaking insects, the smoldering fire, a coyote’s howl. We MOVE AWAY from the t through the smoke of the fire, and float UP -- Off the plateau, drifting into the night, moving on from moment... And now the tent is merely a spec, a dot of lig in the distance.
77) 0) text: Sarah walks through the house to wake up Nyles, but she s at the BRIDAL SUITE. The door is ajar. She peeks INSIDE: Tala sips on a mimosa while Erin does her hair, both smil Sarah watches, longing for this happiness she can never s with her sister. PRE-LAP: The sound of a beer can opening.
99) 5) dialog: Please, don’t move -- WIDE TO REVEAL: Erin, thoroughly annoyed as she tries to Sarah's hair for the wedding.
99) 6) dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking about, but we only have half an hour until photos and I still need to get ready.