4) 14) dialog: Get on up there, peanut.
4) 16) dialog: Of course you’re supposed to give a speech, you’re the maid of honor. That's your main job.
5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
13) 0) text: Howard carries a driftwood sign down the driveway. At a f in the road, he hammers it in the dirt with a mallet. REV THE SIGN: “Tala & Abe’s Wedding - November 9.”
18) 0) text: The harsh ray of sunlight slices through a gap in the curtains onto her face. She shoots up, assesses her surroundings, piecing things together... This room is familiar. Shag carpet, black silk sheets, clothes scattered on the floor, someone in the shower. Wa that all a dream? 20. She jumps out of bed, quickly dresses, peers out a WINDOW Howard and Nico carry sections of the altar, wrapped in plastic; Pia talks to the FLORIST by the main house. They setting up for the wedding.
22) 5) dialog: Sarah, peanut! (gives her a kiss) You must’ve gotten up early, I checked your room at six --
22) 7) dialog: You look exhausted. Stay hydrated. Howard offers her his water.
22) 12) dialog: I don’t understand the question.
22) 14) dialog: What are you saying?
24) 0) text: Tala WAILS, clasping her bloody mouth. Sarah stands besid her, drenched and shellshocked -- Tala grabs her hand -- It’s all out pandemonium; a mess of snot, tears, and stre of mascara. Pia, Misty, and Erin (bridesmaid) dab Tala’s eyes, Nico looks on with a morbid curiosity, Howard frantically paces around the bedroom on the phone.
24) 1) dialog: Nico! Get me the teeth -- Tala WAILS some more. Nico hands Tala’s TEETH to Howard.
24) 2) dialog: (into phone, re: teeth) The three front teeth are broken in half, one full canine... I’d guess two millimeters? ... Yes, the wedding is today... in six hours... Sarah silently observes this nightmare... We go into her BLURRY FACES coming into focus to scream at her: 24.
24) 11) dialog: (covers phone; to Abe) She'll be okay. I found a dentist in Cathedral City... (into phone) Yes, sorry. We’ll be there soon! Abe leans in close to Sarah, quietly asking:
24) 13) dialog: Everyone! I’m taking Tala into town. This dentist glues teeth! Tala WAILS -- it’s all too much -- Sarah VOMITS on the fl Abe leans back, grossed out --
24) 14) dialog: No, Sarah, no! 25. Howard grabs a towel, tosses it to Sarah, commands the ro
24) 15) dialog: Alright! Pia, keep setting up --
24) 17) dialog: Okay. Girls, you’re on table decor. Jerry and Nico are here to help. Your bride-slash-wedding planner needs some emergency surgery so -- He looks at Sarah, but she’s useless right now, so --
24) 18) dialog: Misty, you’re in charge. All hands on deck! We can do this! off Tala’s WAILING --
27) 0) text: Sun through the curtains. Shag carpet. Black silk sheets. Shower running. She shoots up, peeks OUTSIDE: Howard and carry the altar; Pia talks to the florist. It’s all the s
30) 1) dialog: She didn’t leave a note or anything? Are you sure she didn’t text back?
30) 3) dialog: Don’t say that. Nyles flips ON the blender -- and it’s LOUD. Pia and Howa both glare at him, but he doesn’t take his eyes off the cyclone of booze. He flips it off and pours into his cup.
30) 5) dialog: Who, Sarah? Of what?
52) 0) text: IN A HOT TUB: Nyles and Howard are forehead-to-forehead -
52) 1) dialog: What are we doing?
52) 3) text: Howard goes in for the kiss.
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
54) 2) dialog: What are you doing? Sarah ignores him and takes the mic from The Officiant. She holds it up to her mouth, words on the tip of her tongue... but looking out at audience, and then to Tala.. she reconsiders, and lowers the mic. She walks up to Tala, pulls her into a tight hug and says something inaudible into her ear. The onlooking crowd wai
54) 5) text: EVERYBODY PANICS. Pia holds Tala. Howard holds the altar steady. One guest sprints away. A baby cries. Nyles remains calm, but confused -- THE EARTHQUAKE STOPS. The guests glance around with relie
66) 9) dialog: Son, please, put the weapon down -- Sarah TACKLES Nyles into the pool --
83) 0) text: Nyles pours himself a tall glass of tequila while Howard Pia chat nearby.
83) 1) dialog: She didn’t leave a note or anything? Are you sure she didn’t text back? 76.
83) 3) dialog: Don’t say that.
88) 18) dialog: (off Tala’s realization) Abe, let’s take a walk.
97) 0) text: From behind the computer, ANGLE ON Sarah as she sits befo this machine which may hold all the answers. As she gets work typing we slowly PUSH IN on her face -- TIME SPEEDS UP BEHIND HER -- library guests pass by in a -- but Sarah never moves, her eyes just rapidly scanning every page she reads, absorbing every video she watches - -- FLASH TO diagrams of WORMHOLES, BLACK HOLES, EQUATIONS COSMOLOGICAL DIAGRAMS --— 95. -- FLASH TO various entries typed into GOOGLE: cosmology, Magnetic vortex, quantum suicide, parallel universes -- PUSHING IN on Sarah, her face fills the frame, pupils shr -- FLASH TO Sarah waking up -- she hops out of bed -- Her speeds away in a dust cloud -- OVER and OVER again -- -- FLASH TO a Stephen Hawking TED Talk -- Sarah furiously takes notes -- -- Sarah's eyes grow heavy as she watches a dated TV spec on time travel... until she falls asleep at the computer -- Sarah WAKES UP -- back at the guest house -- FUCK -- a jumps out of bed -- Her car speeds away -- PUSHING IN on Sarah’s face -- on her EYE -- -- As Howard assembles the ALTAR, Sarah swipes a TAPE MEA from Howard’s tool box and walks off, but STOPS when --