5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
14) 2) dialog: (accepting the beer) Shukraan. After a few moments:
14) 3) dialog: Good day so far?
14) 5) dialog: Today is young. Ask me again at the end. Anything can happen. Jerry shoots Nyles some flirtatious side-eye.
21) 2) dialog: (shouting) Are you okay?
28) 0) text: Nyles cautiously steps up to the pool, lingering by the e anticipating Sarah’s arrival. Jerry kickboards across.
28) 2) dialog: No, sorry. Maybe she’s with Tala? Nyles, relieved, gives a thumbs up, then falls into the p
54) 3) dialog: (quietly to Nyles) What is she doing? Nyles shrugs. No clue. Sarah releases the hug, tears fill her eyes. She hands th mic to The Officiant, the flowers to Pia, and walks away. Everyone turns to Tala for an explanation. She’s in shock Speechless. She looks at her parents, a silent cry for he At Abe. At everyone. Heavy breathing, the world is ending
87) 0) text: Nyles zones out on the bed amidst an intimate cocaine par with Randy, The Officiant, and Jerry. An alt-country reco plays. The Officiant cuts the coke on the mirrored coffee table and rambles about the record:
87) 2) dialog: But he’s white? 78.
87) 11) dialog: Who is this Gram Parsons? Abe, Randy, and the Officiant all look over, judging him. Nyles lies back, his head on the pillow, staring up.
87) 13) dialog: I’m from Sudan, dude. (off their looks) Of course I know the fucking Byrds. 79.
87) 20) dialog: I don’t really like country music. The three guys hang their heads and groan in disappointme Nyles turns to his side, his face sinks into the silk pil
89) 0) text: Everything is back to normal. No mess, no blood, no horro Nyles slouches in his chair at another table, bearing the heavy reality of his world. He refills his glass of wine, spilling over the brim onto the white table cloth. Jerry watches him, concerned. DANCE FLOOR: The Officiant takes the mic.
89) 11) dialog: It's okay, my friend.
89) 13) dialog: What is painful? Nyles turns to Jerry, snot dripping from his nose, blood eyes, and asks with full sincerity:
89) 15) dialog: Not right now, but I appreciate the offer. Nyles pats Jerry on the leg, then continues hanging his h
89) 17) dialog: Who?
89) 19) dialog: Harris? Nyles nods, still buried in his hands.
89) 20) dialog: I didn’t know you knew her. We all wish she could’ve been here. Nyles shakes his head.
89) 22) dialog: Oh. I see. That’s interesting. Off this image of a kind dude consoling a heartbroken man