4) 17) dialog: She's been drinking, Howard. Sarah looks at her sister and Abe apologetically. Tala struggles to hide her disappointment.
5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
18) 0) text: The harsh ray of sunlight slices through a gap in the curtains onto her face. She shoots up, assesses her surroundings, piecing things together... This room is familiar. Shag carpet, black silk sheets, clothes scattered on the floor, someone in the shower. Wa that all a dream? 20. She jumps out of bed, quickly dresses, peers out a WINDOW Howard and Nico carry sections of the altar, wrapped in plastic; Pia talks to the FLORIST by the main house. They setting up for the wedding.
22) 1) dialog: There you are! Pia stands on a ladder tying photos of Tala and Abe to tw string across the room.
22) 2) dialog: (shouting out) Tala! I found Sarah! Pia waddles off the ladder and grabs Sarah --
22) 3) dialog: We were looking for you all morning, come on -- She leads Sarah into the --
22) 8) dialog: Tala should be done with her make- up soon, so you need to be ready.
22) 10) dialog: She made a specific order for you girls, and we already moved Misty up because we couldn’t find you. Sarah's gaze darts around the room, her mind racing. Pia looks
22) 16) dialog: Are you on drugs again? Sarah stops suddenly, staring out the window to the backy IN THE POOL: Jerry... and Nyles.
24) 0) text: Tala WAILS, clasping her bloody mouth. Sarah stands besid her, drenched and shellshocked -- Tala grabs her hand -- It’s all out pandemonium; a mess of snot, tears, and stre of mascara. Pia, Misty, and Erin (bridesmaid) dab Tala’s eyes, Nico looks on with a morbid curiosity, Howard frantically paces around the bedroom on the phone.
24) 3) dialog: Get ice, Sarah! Help! Help, Sarah! Do something! «+. a nauseating nightmare... swirling pastels...
24) 6) dialog: You're making it worse! Sarah flees to the door, flings it open, and STARTLES whe she finds Abe listening in --
24) 16) dialog: I am going with you. Pia cradles Tala in her arms.
27) 0) text: Sun through the curtains. Shag carpet. Black silk sheets. Shower running. She shoots up, peeks OUTSIDE: Howard and carry the altar; Pia talks to the florist. It’s all the s
30) 2) dialog: Check my phone if you don’t believe me. Sarah realized the day wasn’t about her so she left.
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
54) 5) text: EVERYBODY PANICS. Pia holds Tala. Howard holds the altar steady. One guest sprints away. A baby cries. Nyles remains calm, but confused -- THE EARTHQUAKE STOPS. The guests glance around with relie
66) 2) dialog: Oh my god!
83) 0) text: Nyles pours himself a tall glass of tequila while Howard Pia chat nearby.
83) 2) dialog: Check my phone if you don’t believe me. Sarah realized the day wasn’t about her so she left.
86) 0) text: Nyles wanders down the hall in his underwear, passing peo setting up for the wedding. He stops in the living room w he sees Pia putting up photos of Tala and Abe.
86) 3) dialog: (playing it off) Oh. Yeah, of course. Her room is the second to last down the hall. (as Nyles turns) But she isn’t there. 77.
86) 5) dialog: No one knows, we haven’t seen her since last night. Howard went to wake her up this morning but she wasn’t in there. Nyles walks down the hall, second to last room, and opens It’s empty. The bed perfectly made, untouched.
89) 2) dialog: Tala. You know that I’m not great with words. But I do love you more than anything.
89) 4) dialog: And Abe, the beautiful bridegroom, you are now my son. 84. Tala kisses him. Nyles gives a loose wrist clap.
89) 6) dialog: When I was a little girl, me and my sisters found beauty in music. It’s how we communicated and bonded. Abe rubs Tala’s back. Tala smiles wistfully, missing Sara Nyles watches this and drinks more.
89) 7) dialog: So we’re going to perform a song we learned as little girls. It’s a song I want you two to remember when you run into hard times. Love can get you through anything. This is “A Lover’s Concerto.” The Officiant presses play on the laptop, cueing “A Lover Concerto” by The Toys. Pia TRANSFORMS into a whole new person, a true performer, hamming it up with PURE JOY --
89) 8) dialog: How gentle is the rain that falls softly on the meadow... Tala’s hands cover her grin, tears welling up. Nyles’ breathing gets heavier. He downs the rest of his w
89) 9) dialog: «+. Some magic from above made this day for us just to fall in love... Pia and her sisters do a little choreographed step-and-sh as they sing back ups. The guests all CHEER. Nyles stares off, lost in a thought or memory. And he beg to cry. Some guests notice.
89) 10) dialog: .«.. Oh, don't ever make me cry through long lonely nights without us. Be always true to me, keep this day in your heart eternally... Tala grabs Abe’s hand and pulls him up to dance. 85. As the INSTRUMENTAL BREAK in the song hits, the sound of grown man’s GUTTURAL MOANS spread. Heads turn to the sour Nyles is a bawling, blubbering mess. It’s truly an ugly c The backing track of the song continues on, but Pia and h sisters stop singing, joining everyone as they just watch Nyles in bewilderment. At a loss, Tala and Abe look over Misty, by the bar with Trevor, shaking her head, embarras Finally, Jerry puts his hand on Nyles’ shoulder, bends do and whispers into his ear. Nyles nods and rises. Jerry pu his arm around Nyles and leads him away. INT. NYLES AND MISTY’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Nyles and Jerry sit on the bed. Nyles is hunched over, he in his hands, but he’s done crying. Jerry rubs his back.