5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
5) 2) dialog: I dunno, you’ve had more to drink?
5) 4) dialog: Oh whatever, I don’t have time for a lecture. Randy dances away, one hand in the air. Sarah shakes her head, and as she takes another sip of wine -- she locks e with Nyles, across the dance floor, smiling back at her. Nyles struts onto the dance floor, navigating the sea of partiers with a cool familiarity. He effortlessly anticip each passing guest’s dance moves and incorporates them in his own unique, complicated, and fucking bizarre routine. He weaves his way over and presents himself in front of Sarah, holding out his hand: Dance with me? She shakes her head. Not a chance. He tucks in his Hawaiian shirt, slicks his hair back, lic his fingers and grooms his eyebrows, then pirouettes. There’s intrigue on her face at least. Her aloof facade m dropping... But she still declines. Nyles shrugs, then performs a flawless cartwheel back to center of the floor, narrowly kicking multiple guests yet somehow, missing each one by inches. He continues letting loose with Sarah’s family -- high-fives to Howard and Abe twirl for Pia, an undeniable master of this universe. Off Sarah, increasingly curious about this odd stranger.
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
60) 0) text: Sarah (not dressed for the wedding) walks to the edge of dance floor. Randy drunkenly dances up to her.
60) 1) dialog: What up, Sarah? We missed you earlier. Tala’s pissed.
60) 3) dialog: What? Sarah leans in to his ear --
60) 5) dialog: You’re messing with me, right? Sarah grabs his crotch --
61) 0) text: Randy is naked, blindfolded by his shirt, holding his iPh out to record. He takes a deep breath, then opens the doo REVEAL: Trevor going down on Misty --
87) 0) text: Nyles zones out on the bed amidst an intimate cocaine par with Randy, The Officiant, and Jerry. An alt-country reco plays. The Officiant cuts the coke on the mirrored coffee table and rambles about the record:
87) 4) dialog: That seems fucked up.
87) 6) dialog: Ayyy! Married man! There’s the fuckin’ guy!
87) 15) dialog: -- Sweetheart of the Rodeo.
87) 28) dialog: You okay, dude?