10) 0) text: Nyles hobbles around the bend, losing blood, slowing down and he collapses before a mound of boulders blanketing th side of a hill... almost at his destination: A TRIANGLE-SHAPED CAVE in the hillside, twenty feet ahead But he can’t make it in time -- Roy’s grunting just aroun the bend. Quick decision -- Nyles army crawls to the othe side of a nearby Joshua Tree, concealed by darkness. He h his breath, remaining completely silent, just as -- Roy rounds the bend -- and stops before the cave. Roy loo around, but he can’t see Nyles. It’s too dark. NYLES’ POV: Roy’s menacing silhouette, fifteen feet away. shouts into the cave.
10) 1) dialog: Keep running, shit bird. I’1l always find you. Then, with a disappointed sigh, Roy marches forward -- in the cave. And after a few seconds... Roy vanishes. Weird. Relieved, yet still in excruciating pain, Nyles uses his remaining strength to crawl into the cave, following Roy.
34) 2) dialog: This tuna?
34) 4) dialog: Mmm. Tasty. The server holds the tray as he takes two more. She moves but we follow Roy meander away, smiling at guests he clea doesn’t know while he continues to eat, until he makes it
34) 7) dialog: You being a dick to Daisy? It takes a patient soul to put up with pricks like us. (to Daisy) A more beautiful barkeep I never did see... Moscato, please.
34) 9) dialog: Actually Dais’, two whiskey shots. Daisy pours the shots, hating life. Roy flips through a massive wad of cash, puts a single dollar bill in the tip Roy hands Nyles one of the shots and holds his up --
34) 10) dialog: To the struggle. Nyles and Roy take their shots -- just as the guests APPL around the dance floor. The WEDDING PARTY makes their gra entrance. There’s Misty and Trevor, Erin and Nico, Sarah Randy... And the guests go nuts as Tala and Abe stroll ou
34) 11) dialog: Why do people clap? What’s to clap about?
34) 13) dialog: Confucius said: Marriage is a seemingly bottomless pit of sorrow that makes you forget who you are.
34) 15) dialog: But there is a bottom, my friend. And it’s dark down here. Nyles gives Roy the hang loose sign.
34) 16) dialog: (leaning in) You wanna dance a little? Roy taps his nose.
34) 17) dialog: The Officiant in the dumb suit -- 39. Roy gestures to THE OFFICIANT (30s), a bearded guy in a h Nudie suit (A rhinestone embroidered cowboy suit), who MC the wedding party entrance.
34) 18) dialog: Turd bird has a bag of sweets in his pocket. I tried to corner him in the bathroom, but he won’t share -- But Nyles walks away from Roy before he can finish. From ROY’S POV, Nyles walks across the dance floor up to Officiant, reaches into his pocket, pulls out a bag of pi The Officiant buries his shock and continues to MC as Nyl ignoring quizzical looks, returns to an amused Roy.
35) 0) text: Nyles and Roy grin at each other, swaying, nostrils caked different colored powders. Roy keeps licking his lips wil Nyles’ gaze goes from watching this to the bathroom door handle jiggling. Someone tries to open it -- POUNDS on it
35) 2) dialog: (whispering) Over here. Roy crouches in the bathtub.
35) 3) dialog: Hop in. Nyles joins him. More POUNDING on the door.
35) 6) dialog: I won’t let him hurt you, friend.
35) 8) dialog: We are the shit. You and I, we’re in this together. Nyles stares back, eyes fully dilated, but he begins to look... scared. Not of Roy, but of everything happening. eyes roll back, but Roy SLAPS him awake --
35) 9) dialog: My boy, I got you. We’re alive. Roy holds Nyles head to his breast to comfort him as the POUNDING continues --
36) 0) text: IN SLOW-MOTION: Nyles and Roy tango on the dance floor, t out the world around them, lost in this blur of life.
37) 0) text: Nyles and Roy lie on their backs, staring at the stars, o of their fucking minds, stoned, tripping.
37) 1) dialog: This is the greatest night of my life. The Earth, the stars, the holy mother. Grace and love. Peace and personality.
37) 3) dialog: You'll find it. I know you will. Otherwise, what’s the point? They go silent for a moment, star gazing. We see Nyles’ e dart as he stares up -- THE SKY: Nyles’ creates his own constellations, connectin star to star with trails of light zig zagging into a shapeless, meaningless mess -- his new existence. 41.
37) 4) dialog: Man, I wish I could just live out here forever. Nyles looks over at Roy. A fucked up, sad man who seems t at peace right now.
38) 0) text: Nyles and Roy stand before the CAVE. A quiet wind inside.
38) 1) dialog: What is it?
38) 3) dialog: My ancestors?
38) 5) dialog: Alright. I’m in. Nyles wobbles, dizzy, while watching Roy walk in through blurred vision. Nyles’ legs give out and he collapses ont his back, the toll of their binge catching up with him.
40) 0) text: A shirtless, sweaty Roy cracks a whip as he SCREAMS at Ny gagged and tied to a chair under a single swinging lightb
42) 0) text: Roy waterboards Nyles.
45) 3) dialog: How’s the water? Roy walks up smoking a cigar, holding an empty gas can.
45) 4) dialog: Looks a little cold. Before Nyles can react, Roy tosses his cigar in the pool, engulfing Nyles in flames. Roy, fire reflected in his eyes, just watches.
78) 27) dialog: Howdy, stranger. Roy raises a SHOTGUN --
78) 31) dialog: -.. Who... is that? Nyles shakes his head, conflicted. This asshole’s caused so much pain, but it’s hard to watch someone die. BWOOP BWOOP.
90) 4) dialog: (harsh whisper) What are you doing here?!
90) 6) dialog: Everything's okay, nothing to see. My brother-in-law, PTSD, Fallujah, 9/11. Real war hero. (quietly to Nyles) I’m not letting you ruin family day, so keep your mouth shut. Roy drags Nyles into his house. INT. ROY’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Pleasant, portrait of Jesus. TWINS (boy and girl, 6) on tricycles. A TEEN watches TV. Not what Nyles expected.
90) 7) dialog: You can’t be here. WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Who was that man?!
90) 8) dialog: Goddammit. JAMIE (45), Roy’s wife, appears at the top of the stairs bathrobe, drying her hair.
90) 10) dialog: Hey, sorry hon’, this is ... 88. It just now dawns on Roy that he doesn’t know Nyles’ name
90) 12) dialog: Nyles is an old friend.
90) 15) dialog: He’s a ball buster, hon’. Nyles just stopped by to say hi. Tuna will be ready soon. We’ll be out back. Roy pulls Nyles away.
91) 0) text: Nyles blankly takes in Roy’s yard. Idyllic suburbia. Pool Golden Retriever, BBQ and a smoker. A twin BOY (6) waters grass with a hose. His twin SISTER calls out from a swing
91) 2) dialog: (re: his twins) Can you believe I made these? If I had one less Mai Tai that night I'd have put the rubber on right and they wouldn’t be here. (then) Here’s to Mai Tais. Roy sips his beer, watching his kids with fatherly pride. and Nyles trade off pushing the swing.
91) 4) dialog: Not bad, huh? Beautiful wife, three beautiful kids. (MORE )
91) 6) dialog: (pointing to his boy) Little retard is watering dog shit. It’s weird and beautiful. The boy scoops up a piece of dog shit, dumps it onto a pi in middle of the grass, and continues watering it.
91) 8) dialog: Shit, man, I’m not without my demons. Don’t crucify me. Things change. Priorities... change. Nyles stares at the kid, unpacking all of this. Roy picks on Nyles’ troubled mental state.
91) 9) dialog: So what are you doing here? You have two minutes to drink that beer before I slit your throat and throw you in the smoker. (off Nyles’ look) I’m kidding. This is a PG house. Get on with it though. You’re scaring my wife. Nyles notices Jamie watching him through the blinds from second floor bedroom window. She shuts the blinds.
91) 11) dialog: Yeah, no shit. A bunch of rock climbers found me on the road that day and brought me to the hospital. Nurses wouldn’t let me sleep because they thought I'd fall into a coma. Died a slow, painful death.
91) 13) dialog: Alzheimer’s. Way worse. Runs in my family. At least I don’t have to deal with that. Roy sips on his beer, suppressing some memory. 90.
91) 14) dialog: I had a lot of anger for you, man. I’m never gonna see my kids grow up, I’m never gonna walk Madison down the aisle. But you wouldn’t know shit about that, would you? Roy glares at Nyles, then takes a more enlightened approa
91) 15) dialog: I admit, my head may have been up my own ass, I might not have fully grasped what I put you through, but that little hospital stint opened my eyes. Today was always a good day here. Matty tending his dog shit, Jamie in the prime of her womanhood at forty-five. Madison's gonna draw a family portrait later where we’re all animals. I’ma goddamn grizzly. I don’t have to watch my family grow up to hate me. Can't beat that. Roy glances over at Nyles, sensing that the dude is a los soul at the moment.
91) 16) dialog: You gotta find your Irvine.
91) 18) dialog: We all have an Irvine. (then) Who was that looney bitch that blindsided me, anyway?
91) 20) dialog: You brought her to the cave, didn’t you? Goddamn, didn’t you learn anything? Nyles stares ahead, still pushing Madison.
91) 22) dialog: Hey. At least you have each other. Can’t imagine anything worse than going through this shit alone. Nyles stops pushing, hit with the reality that they don’t have each other anymore... He does have to go through thi shit alone. Madison looks back at Nyles.
91) 23) dialog: Okay, you gotta go now.
91) 25) dialog: It’s probably best if we don’t see each other again. (then) It’s not you, it’s me. A moment as Nyles absorbs this. Even Roy is done with Nyl
91) 28) dialog: Side yard. (to Madison) Daddy’1l be right back, honey. EXT. ROY’S HOUSE - SIDE YARD - MOMENTS LATER Roy leads Nyles to the side yard and shuts the gate behin them so that they’re out of view from the kids.
91) 29) dialog: (quietly) K, uh... Get in the recycle bin. Roy unlocks a storage bin and pulls out the HUNTING BOW. Nyles climbs into the empty recycle bin and faces Roy.
91) 31) dialog: It’s my eldest’s. Caught him hunting cats. At least I don’t have to see him grow up to be a serial killer. Roy cocks the arrow into place -- AIMS at Nyles’ HEAD...
91) 32) dialog: I hope you find it, man. Then AIMS at Nyles’ HEART -- and FIRES -- Nyles collapses into the bin -- the lid shuts closed. We HOLD ON the recycle bin for a few more seconds as Roy leaves the side yard... TILT UP to the NIGHT SKY -- All the stars, all the constellations -- and BACK DOWN to