4) 4) dialog: Throw me a bone, this isn’t the day for moderation. After a brief staredown, Daisy fills the rest, letting it spill over the edges. Sarah smiles, tips $10, GLUGS half glass, and heads back to the tables. Everyone clinks their drinks for Tala and Abe to kiss --
4) 8) dialog: Jesus Christ. Tala shoots Sarah a look: Stop. Sarah nods: Yeah, sorry.
4) 13) dialog: Uh... Sarah doesn’t move. Howard leans across the table.
5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
5) 1) dialog: I already told you No earlier. What makes you think I changed my mind?
5) 3) dialog: You can’t say that to me --
6) 1) dialog: What are you smelling? Startled, Nyles spins to find Sarah behind him. Covering, sniffs her hair.
6) 3) dialog: Uh, yeah. That’s weird.
6) 5) dialog: I hate it, but it was a birthday present from Tala last year and she'd kill me if I didn’t wear it. Daisy the Bartender returns with two COCKTAILS. Nyles off one to Sarah.
6) 7) dialog: Or maybe you’re an alcoholic? Nyles shrugs: Yeah, maybe. She takes the drink, they chee then meander away from the bar.
6) 8) dialog: You're Misty’s boyfriend, right? I don’t think we met at the rehearsal last night. I’m Sarah.
6) 10) dialog: Plantar fasciitis.
6) 15) dialog: You don’t actually believe any of that stuff you spouted, right?
6) 18) dialog: Wow. That’s a little forward. What’s the rush?
6) 20) dialog: What would Misty think about us running off together?
6) 22) dialog: Can't say I ever really liked her. 11.
7) 0) text: REVEAL: Nyles and Sarah squeeze next to each other, spyin the scene through a small window.
7) 2) dialog: You know she tried to get Tala to make her the maid-of-honor because I missed the bachelorette party? Manipulative bitch. (then) Who’s the guy?
7) 4) dialog: Why don’t you go in and stop them?
7) 6) dialog: Well, if it makes you feel any better, you gave a great speech and everyone out there loves you.
7) 8) dialog: On the other hand, they see me as a liability who fucks around and drinks too much.
7) 10) dialog: Because I fuck around and drink too much.
7) 12) dialog: And now they just worry and try to take care of me, but it’s suffocating.
7) 14) dialog: Exactly, I can fend for myself.
7) 18) dialog: This is so fucked up.
7) 20) dialog: Kind of hot though. They share a smile. Locked in. She feels it, he feels it, sparks fly, Misty climaxes, shit’s getting real. Connecti
8) 0) text: Nyles and Sarah make out on top of a small boulder, not f from the party. Sarah keeps trying to untie Nyles’ board shorts but they’re double knotted.
8) 1) dialog: Okay, I give up. Take off your clothes.
8) 4) dialog: You wear underwear under your bathing suit? THWACK! AN ARROW FLIES INTO NYLES’ SHOULDER.
8) 9) dialog: What the fuck is going on?! Who is that?! The Man begins to climb up to them. Nyles staggers away f Sarah, slides down the opposite face of the boulder, and off into the desert, the Man in pursuit.
11) 1) dialog: (a loud whisper) Hey! He turns his head to find Sarah, twenty feet back, standi at the mouth of the cave.
11) 3) dialog: Are you okay?
14) 7) dialog: You! Sarah storms up to the side of the pool, almost slipping the water. Nyles FREEZES --
14) 8) dialog: (to Nyles) What the fuck did you do to me? Jerry looks at Nyles, horrified. Nyles sees Jerry, looks back to Sarah -- panics -- and submerges himself to escape.
14) 9) text: Nyles dodges a bombardment of Tecate cans thrown from abo We’re with him for as long as he can hold his breath, whi we hear Sarah’s muffled shouts -- SARAH JUMPS IN THE POOL, grabs Nyles’ hair, yanks him up Nyles surfaces with a GASP, arms FLAILING --
14) 10) dialog: Tell me what the fuck is going on! 18. But before Nyles can come up with an answer:
15) 0) text: SARAH'S FACE -- all horror and confusion -- hiding behind bush as she watches: THWACK! AN ARROW FLIES INTO NYLES’ THIGH. Nyles SCREAMS.
16) 0) text: Sarah rounds the corner but no one is there. She hears a SOUND -- a faint groan. Coming from -- THE TRIANGLE CAVE. Sarah follows the groans -- until she’ the mouth of the cave. She can faintly make out Nyles crawling twenty feet in.
16) 1) dialog: (a loud whisper) Hey! Nyles turns his head --
16) 3) dialog: Are you okay?
16) 5) dialog: Hello? Nothing. But something about the cave draws her in. Some intangibl urge she can’t resist, this black hole of both curiosity escape, and she has to know what’s inside. She steps forw
17) 0) text: Sarah’s hands trace the walls for guidance. The moonlight dims as she goes deeper... Until it’s completely PITCH BL Then -- a faint sliver of an orange light appears in the distance, growing brighter the closer she gets. It lights her face, revealing a mix of wonder and fear --
17) 1) dialog: What the fuuuuuck???
18) 1) dialog: What the fuck? She hears the shower turn off. PANIC. She has to leave --
19) 0) text: The taupe backside of the estate. Desert shrubs, a noisy unit, and, above it, a small window... which OPENS. Sarah wiggles out head first but gets stuck at her waist.
19) 1) dialog: Come on... O.S. VOICES approach. She FREEZES, looking toward two lar trash bins by the corner -- Howard and Nico appear with giant balls of plastic wrap. don’t see Sarah teetering out the window as they smash th plastic in the bin. Howard shuts it and they walk off. Once out of sight, Sarah uses all her strength -- STRAINI and pushes OUT -- taking the entire window frame with her SLAMS onto the air conditioner, BOUNCES off, and lands on CACTUS. A silent SCREAM --
20) 0) text: Sarah hurries to her Kia rental car, parked among the oth and gets in the front seat.
21) 0) text: Sarah catches her breath, steadying herself. She checks h PHONE: The date and time - 9:40am, November 9. She drops it. What’s happening? She stares into the rearv mirror and SLAPS herself, again and again, sanity crackin
21) 1) dialog: Wake up. Wake up. BEHIND HER, we see Jerry in his swim trunks, towel over t shoulder, kickboard in hand. He stops to watch, weirded o 21.
21) 3) dialog: Nothing makes sense. They stare at each other for a moment -- helpless terror her face, confusion on his. Too much for him to handle, h scurries off to the backyard. She drops her head onto the steering wheel, giving up.
22) 0) text: ON SARAH as she quietly opens the front door, hoping to g unnoticed... but is hit by the mad rush of people bustlin about to set up, the onslaught of wedding decorations, Ta and Abe's engagement POSTER before her. Nausea strikes --
22) 6) dialog: Yeah... I went on a hike. 22.
22) 9) dialog: I need a minute.
22) 11) dialog: (to Howard) This is really happening, right?
22) 13) dialog: This day already happened. over at Howard with a concerned look...
22) 15) dialog: It was real. It felt so real.
23) 0) text: Sarah storms up to the side of the pool, almost slipping the wet pool deck. Nyles freezes at the sight of her.
23) 1) dialog: What the fuck did you do to me? Jerry looks at Nyles, horrified. Nyles panics -- and submerges himself to escape. 23. Sarah grabs cans from the box of Tecate, firing into the water at Nyles while she berates him.
23) 2) dialog: Hey! Come back up here! Jerry uses his kickboard to shield himself. SARAH JUMPS IN THE POOL, grabs Nyles’ hair, yanks him up Nyles surfaces with a GASP, arms FLAILING --
23) 3) dialog: Tell me what the fuck is going on! But before Nyles can come up with an answer:
24) 0) text: Tala WAILS, clasping her bloody mouth. Sarah stands besid her, drenched and shellshocked -- Tala grabs her hand -- It’s all out pandemonium; a mess of snot, tears, and stre of mascara. Pia, Misty, and Erin (bridesmaid) dab Tala’s eyes, Nico looks on with a morbid curiosity, Howard frantically paces around the bedroom on the phone.
24) 5) dialog: I can’t be here. This doesn’t make any sense. None of this makes any fucking sense!
25) 0) text: Nyles slouches in a lounge chair, but he’s far from relax He stares off, dwelling on the chaotic turn of events. cans litter the pool bottom. Beer Sarah wanders out of the house, physically and emotionall drained, and collapses onto one of the chairs. Nyles tries to bury any semblance of guilt... and smiles he cracks open another Tecate.
25) 2) dialog: What’s going on?
25) 4) dialog: But what is this? When is this? 26.
25) 6) dialog: How do I stop it? I don’t want tomorrow to be today. I want tomorrow to be tomorrow.
25) 9) dialog: Which way is that cave? Nyles sighs and points. Sarah walks off, determined. Nyles sips his beer and attempts to continue his sky gazi but he’s clearly bothered. His routine’s been fucked with
26) 0) text: Sarah mutters to herself, scanning the boulders, searchin for the cave. From the edge of the canyon, we get a clear picture of how big it is, and how small Sarah is within i
26) 8) dialog: Please. Where is it?
26) 10) dialog: Fuck you. Just tell me. Nyles gives up... and points to the other side of the can Almost directly across from them. But there’s no cave.
26) 11) dialog: Where? Nyles looks toward the horizon... watching... He takes a steps back, to the left, like he’s looking for his mark..
26) 16) dialog: But will this day end if I go in there?
27) 1) dialog: No, no, no. In a panic, Sarah turns around, scans the room: The bathr door. The window to escape. Her keys on the bedside table
28) 0) text: Nyles cautiously steps up to the pool, lingering by the e anticipating Sarah’s arrival. Jerry kickboards across.
29) 0) text: Sarah downs three 5-Hour-Energy shots as she fills her ca
31) 0) text: As the crowd laughs at Misty’s speech, Nyles watches Dais fill his wine. He drinks and looks at Sarah’s empty chair then over to Tala. She’s staring at it too, missing her s
32) 0) text: Austin, TX. Sarah parks her car in front of a small home. INT. SARAH’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING Photo booth strips of Sarah with various friends cover th fridge, depicting a life full of partying and bars. Dishe are piled in the sink. A lone cup in the drying rack. 31. Sarah grabs the cup and fills it with water. She drinks, it back in the drying rack, then moves into her --
32) 2) dialog: This is all a dream. This is alla dream. This is all a dream. She shuts her eyes. CLOSE ON Sarah’s face... Her closed eyes... Then -- A SLIVER OF SUNLIGHT STRIKES HER FACE. Her eyes open. It’s a new day. Shag carpet, black silk sheets. Someone in the shower. She’s back. Fuck.
32) 6) dialog: Wake up. Nyles moans. Too early for him.
32) 10) dialog: Get dressed. I can’t be here anymore. Sarah leaves. Misty, totally lost, looks at Nyles.
32) 14) dialog: Stop talking. Let me think. He offers her a beer and she swiftly accepts, pleasing hi
32) 15) dialog: What is this? I get that it’s the same day. But what is it? Nyles inhales, gearing up to give what feels like a rehea speech, aimed at quashing any further questioning.
32) 18) dialog: Then what’s the point of living? Sarah presses down on the gas, the car accelerates.
32) 20) dialog: So we can’t die?
32) 22) dialog: Why slow down if nothing matters? Sarah's becoming unhinged. Nyles tries a softer approach.
32) 24) dialog: No. I need to get out of this. Sarah keeps a serious, dogged expression. She stomps down the gas and the car quickly gains speed. 100mph -- 115mph Nyles grows irritated. He unbuckles his seatbelt and maneuvers into an odd, super unsafe crash position. 34.
32) 25) dialog: What are you doing?
33) 0) text: Head in her hands, Sarah stares down at a double whiskey shot, still in a serious existential funk. Nyles leans against the bar, at home in this desert dive.
33) 2) dialog: They don’t want me there, I don’t want to be there, so it’s a win-win for all. Sarah shoots back her whiskey and slams it down for a ref Sore subject. Nyles notices. Sarah shifts course -- 35.
33) 3) dialog: I drove all the way back to Austin. Still woke up here.
33) 6) dialog: (intrigued) I can go anywhere...
33) 8) dialog: Don’t fucking tell me what I want.
33) 17) dialog: Wait. Jesus. Who was that guy with the hunting bow? Darla cocks her head, just as Nyles throws his final dart and misses the board.
33) 23) dialog: But why was he trying to kill you? Nyles sighs. Even thinking about Roy bothers him...
39) 0) text: Sarah throws darts as Nyles continues.
39) 4) dialog: What does he want?
44) 0) text: The darts game is over. Now both Sarah and Darla listen attentively to Nyles’ story.
46) 3) dialog: You need to confront him. You can’t keep running from this guy forever.
47) 0) text: A hole-in-the-wall taco stand. Nyles and Sarah finish up burritos. A MEXICAN BOY, 8, walks up with a box of candy.
47) 3) dialog: Twix.
47) 6) dialog: You know that’s a scam. Notice how he didn’t say which charity? Nyles turns to the kid, now selling to another table.
47) 9) dialog: Other than beers, burritos, designer drugs, and candy. 45.
47) 11) dialog: What about sex?
47) 13) dialog: Because Misty’s cheating on you?
47) 15) dialog: But to have to live with that over and over again, to experience that level of betrayal every day, that might really fuck a person up. Nyles studies her.
47) 17) dialog: What about fucking other people?
47) 19) dialog: We've never had sex, right? EXT. 46.
47) 21) dialog: Yeah, you said that already.
47) 23) dialog: Okay... Who, then? Besides Misty. Just curious.
47) 31) dialog: I can see that. Who else?
48) 2) dialog: That’s something an asshole says.
48) 4) dialog: What about Tala?
50) 1) dialog: Yeah. That’s Tala. Anyone else?
50) 3) dialog: You fucked Jerry Schlieffen?
50) 6) dialog: Yeah, I got it.
51) 2) dialog: That’s it?
53) 0) text: Sarah processes, confused. Nyles stares back. For a long
53) 2) dialog: I’m not going to fuck you, so don’t even try. Maybe would have the other night. Not now, though.
53) 4) dialog: You promise we’ve never hooked up?
53) 6) dialog: Uh. No. Why would I do that?
53) 8) dialog: That’s not love.
53) 10) dialog: HA! For someone who knows everything, you really have no idea what you're talking about. Nyles sees he struck a bad chord there.
53) 11) dialog: Tala and Abe are like 95% of all couples. (MORE )
53) 13) dialog: They hit the point in their relationship where they got bored, but are so emotionally stunted they can’t be alone. So, they fall victim to the most archaic patriarchal scam of all time: marriage. Weddings: An industry designed to turn you against the one you ‘love.’ Nyles tries to chime in, but Sarah gets passionate --
53) 14) dialog: How any woman with an ounce of self respect is okay spending tens of thousands of dollars so their father can ‘give them away,’ AND calls it the fucking high point of their life... it’s one of society's greatest tragedies. Nyles opens his mouth again, but --
53) 15) dialog: Why, when anyone tries to simply start a dialogue is it always suppressed? Because we, you and me and everyone, are weak. We can’t stand the idea of being alone, so we buy into the pageantry and celebrate its bullshit. A long beat.
53) 17) dialog: They have a relaxed no-frills celebration without any friends or family, just free booze and their own mutual respect. They party like it’s their last night on earth, have incredible sex, and then -- they get divorced. We aren’t built to spend our entire lives with another person. Nyles sips his beer.
53) 19) dialog: Maybe it’s a karma thing?
53) 21) dialog: Maybe that’s how I get out of this. Be selfless and you’re free.
53) 23) dialog: No, real acts of selflessness. The bone marrow shit Tala does. She looks around at the various people at the taco stand.
53) 24) dialog: Maybe life goes on for everyone else here, just not us, until we've earned our way out. So, tomorrow, that kid will still have a hundred bucks to spend.
53) 26) dialog: But there are millions of worlds where she isn’t. Have you really never thought of this before? Of course he has. Still, he humors her --
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
54) 1) dialog: Hold up! Puzzled looks fill the crowd. Nyles, too. At this point h has no idea what her “selfless act” actually is.
55) 0) text: Sarah’s far more relaxed, with an almost celebratory vibe she takes shots and plays pool with a couple barflies. The front door swings open, Nyles steps in --
55) 2) dialog: Doesn't matter, sister stuff. But I think I’m good. Karma’s fucking great. Selflessness is fantastic. Sarah hits two balls in at once.
55) 3) dialog: Pay up boys. The barflies she was playing each hand her $20.
55) 4) dialog: (to the Ted the Bartender) Two shots of your finest whiskey. Ted pours the shots. Sarah holds one out for Nyles --
55) 5) dialog: Well, Nyles, it’s been great. Or, interesting, at least. If this ever happens again, please keep me out of the cave. Good luck with the psychopath. Deal with him. Maybe that’s your way out. They clink their glasses and take the shot.
55) 10) dialog: Didn't work. Life is meaningless. Let’s get the fuck out of here. She heads out. Misty looks at Nyles as he rolls out of be
56) 0) text: A HIP POOL PARTY alive with dancing, cornhole, bocce ball and a photo booth. And in the middle of it all: Nyles and Sarah float in the pool with neon cocktails.
57) 0) text: Sarah wakes up. Glances at the bathroom, shower running. weight of the real world returns. She fights through -- NYLES AND MISTY’S BEDROOM Nyles wakes up and jumps out of bed with pep in his step.
58) 2) dialog: Who’s the mustache? SPUDS (50), the owner, stands by with a bazooka. A GOAT grazes in a PEN behind him.
58) 4) dialog: How’d you get such a good picture?
59) 0) text: Sarah wakes up, morning dread -- 56.
60) 0) text: Sarah (not dressed for the wedding) walks to the edge of dance floor. Randy drunkenly dances up to her.
60) 2) dialog: I missed you.
60) 4) dialog: Meet me in the bathroom in ten minutes... And you better be naked.
60) 6) dialog: Use your shirt as a blindfold... And film me when you walk in. off Randy’s bewildered smile --
62) 0) text: Sarah’s car -- fifty yards up -- EXPLODES! Sarah, Nyles, and Spuds pop up from a DITCH, high-fiving. Nyles points to Sarah’s ears -- they’re bleeding -- but s LAUGHS about it. 57.
63) 0) text: Nyles tries setting up a tent but can’t because Sarah kee WHIPPING him with one of the poles, really fucking hard.
64) 0) text: Nyles and Sarah lie in their own sleeping bags, facing aw from each other.
65) 0) text: Sarah wakes up, looks at the empty space next to her in b NYLES AND MISTY’S BEDROOM Nyles wakes up, looks at the empty space next to him in b
66) 5) dialog: (to Nyles) You son of a bitch! You ruined my plan to kill everyone!
67) 0) text: Nyles (helmet and goggles on) feigns a confident smile an thumbs up to Sarah as he’s led to the open door by his ta skydiving INSTRUCTOR -- Sarah pushes by and leaps OUT of the plane, without her parachute, turning back at Nyles with two middle fingers
68) 0) text: Wide shot, brutal sun, clear blue sky, A FIGURE rockets TOWARD the Earth -- it’s SARAH -- in FREEFALL, dive-bombi THUMP!!! A mini mushroom cloud where she hits the ground.
69) 0) text: Sarah wakes up, looks at the empty space next to her in b
70) 0) text: Nyles, giddy with excitement, leads a blindfolded Sarah i the bar... He takes off her blindfold to REVEAL: The entire bar is filled with decorations -- STREAMERS, BALLOONS, and giant ‘HAPPY MILLIONTH BIRTHDAY, SARAH’ sig The unenthused BARFLIES all wear PARTY HATS, Darla claps Sarah covers her smile, truly touched and surprised -- 59.
70) 1) dialog: Have I really been here that long?
71) 0) text: Nyles, Sarah, and five other DESERT HIPSTERS party -- drinking, dancing, snorting blow. A couple of them make o
72) 0) text: END MONTAGE ON: Sarah and Nyles drive away from us down a dirt road deep in the desert...
73) 0) text: Nyles and Sarah sit by a small fire, empty desert vista behind them. Sarah holds a cheeseburger. Nyles chews a Tw
73) 5) dialog: But if you really want to know someone deeper, it does matter. You have to know the whole package.
73) 8) dialog: I was married for two years.
73) 10) dialog: I still am, technically. Divorce takes a while. (then) My family hated him. My dad's the kind of guy who desperately tries to see the good in everyone, and even he hated the guy. 61.
73) 12) dialog: I knew it wasn’t going to work out when I said ‘yes,’ I knew it wasn’t going to work out when I moved to Austin for him, I knew it wasn’t going to work out as I walked down the aisle. But I went through with it. And it didn’t work out. And ignoring all of that would make me destined to repeat it. Nyles stares in the middle distance as his chewing slows. Like he’s short circuiting. Silence. For a long time.
73) 15) dialog: Except I can’t be dead tomorrow.
73) 17) dialog: Everything. Everything. Sarah processes... Losing her grip... She puts up a finge hold on. She walks behind some bushes and pukes 0.S., the returns, wiping her mouth. Reengaged --
73) 18) dialog: What if I want to invest some present energy into my future? Like my burger. (MORE )
73) 20) dialog: I have maybe one bite in me, but I also know the center is going to be the tastiest part. So what if I go straight for the center and skip the edges.
73) 22) dialog: I hate the edges.
73) 24) dialog: If you feel sorry for me, that Means you care about me, Nyles.
73) 26) dialog: What else has drifted away? Nyles goes silent, his thoughts take him somewhere else.
73) 27) dialog: Nyles?
73) 29) dialog: To pretending not to care. 63.
73) 31) dialog: Oh my god.
73) 33) dialog: Are they real?
73) 35) dialog: They're beautiful. She smiles and grabs Nyles’ hand. He squeezes back. THE EARTHQUAKE HITS -- but Nyles and Sarah don’t react. They're locked onto the dinosaurs. Off this tableau --
74) 0) text: Nyles crawls into his sleeping bag. Sarah’s still awake.
74) 2) dialog: Nyles.
74) 4) dialog: Let’s just get it over with and fuck.
74) 7) dialog: What? Nyles, though drunk and still coming down from the mushro is quite taken by Sarah, by her body, by the whole situat It’s intense and real and complicated. To the point where Sarah feels uncomfortable by the vulnerability. So -- She skirts past it, pulls him toward her, and they go at
77) 0) text: Sarah walks through the house to wake up Nyles, but she s at the BRIDAL SUITE. The door is ajar. She peeks INSIDE: Tala sips on a mimosa while Erin does her hair, both smil Sarah watches, longing for this happiness she can never s with her sister. PRE-LAP: The sound of a beer can opening.
78) 0) text: Sarah sips her beer, driving. In the passenger seat, Nyle has a fresh glow and a twinkle in his eyes.
78) 3) dialog: Oh. Yeah. She glances in the rearview mirror, noticing a dark car a ways back. Is this guy following her?
78) 5) dialog: Yeah, it was fun. Tension relief. It’s fun to relieve tension. She's still looking at this car. It’s a little closer now Close enough to see that it’s a POLICE CAR. Nyles doesn’t notice, more concerned by her response.
78) 7) dialog: What’s to talk about, it’s all meaningless, and technically that happened tonight. 66. Nyles sits back, put off by the cold turn she’s taken. Sarah throws her beer out the window, and checks the mirr for the cop’s reaction.
78) 9) dialog: (re: the cop) Nothing still, Jesus. This cop’s been following us for miles. What's this fucker’s deal? Sarah presses the gas to pick up speed. 90mph and climbin
78) 11) dialog: Finally! Sarah starts slowing down.
78) 13) dialog: Believe it or not I’ve never been arrested before. Curious to see what it’s all about. Nyles looks back one more time. His eyes go wide.
78) 16) dialog: Him?
78) 18) dialog: Oh! That fucker. Sarah screeches to a halt. The cop car stops right behind only see the cop’s silhouette, his sheriff’s hat...
78) 20) dialog: No way. If you aren’t going to deal with him, someone has to. Sarah gets out of the car and throws her arms up --
78) 21) dialog: Help! He’s trying to kill me! Sarah runs back toward the cop car as Nyles sinks deeper his seat -- what the hell is she doing? NYLES’ POV: Sarah reaches the cop car, frantically shouti
78) 30) dialog: (on the microphone) You called for back up? Nyles stares at Roy twitching on the ground, gasping for BWOOP BWOOP -- Sarah messes with the cop car sounds.
78) 32) dialog: (on the microphone) Please step inside my vehicle, sir. As Roy wheezes, Nyles steps back to the cop car, maintain eye contact with Roy the whole way.
79) 0) text: Nyles chugs beer in the passenger seat, dazed, even remorseful, but trying to stay composed while Sarah drive
79) 1) dialog: Lighten up, dude. Look what he was planning to use on you. Sarah gestures to the backseat where there’s an aquarium a COBRA SNAKE. It hisses, spitting venom against the glas
79) 2) dialog: Let’s do something crazy. Nyles looks around at their stolen cop car.
79) 4) dialog: Let’s rob a gas station. Ooh, what about a bank? Nyles doesn’t share in her excitement.
79) 6) dialog: It’s not blood lust. It’s about trying something new.
79) 8) dialog: Yeah, a fucking sadist, dude. You've had forever to play around in this world but I haven’t. You can’t expect me to take your word for everything.
79) 10) dialog: Yeah, I don’t believe in that anymore.
79) 12) dialog: Of course not. That’s what you’ve been telling me from day one. “The only way to live is to embrace the fact that nothing matters.” Right? So I’m embracing it. 69. Nyles sits back. She’s right. But he doesn’t want to admi it. He glances out the window, searching for an answer, a distraction, and notices a BILLBOARD for a local casino.
79) 14) dialog: Ooo, good call. That’s even better than a bank.
79) 16) dialog: For a guy who supposedly cares about nothing, you seem to have a lot of lines you won't cross. Nyles drinks his beer, done debating this.
79) 17) dialog: Whatever, fine. We’ll go to the casino and not rob it. (then) Pussy.
80) 0) text: Sarah slams her hands down on a half-full BLACKJACK table she takes a seat. Nyles sits beside her --
80) 1) dialog: (to the DEALER) I’m gonna count cards. Cool?
80) 3) dialog: King, nine, ace, three. Nyles, wanna jump in here? Nyles lightens up, glad to get back to the innocuous fun 71.
80) 8) dialog: Don’t call me a fucking kid. I didn’t know I couldn’t bet more. (to Dealer) Apologies. Sarah kisses her fingertips and makes a peace sign -- and rotates into a middle finger aimed at the Grumpy Player. Nyles clocks this as the Dealer looks at him for his turn
80) 10) dialog: I want more.
80) 13) dialog: Don’t tell me what to fucking do. (to Dealer) Hit me. Hard. The Dealer lays down a QUEEN on her TEN/NINE. BUST.
80) 17) dialog: Oh suck my dick you greasy fucking hot dog man.
80) 20) dialog: I’m not his girlfriend -- Nyles shoots her an surprised look -- Sarah KNEES the Grumpy Player in the nuts, grabs all of h chips and bolts for the door --
81) 0) text: Sarah bursts through the doors, giggling and delirious, followed by an exasperated Nyles, the Security Guards and Grumpy Man now in pursuit.
81) 2) dialog: That guy had it coming to him. You're supposed to be on my side!
81) 7) dialog: Not quite what I had in mind, but glad we did it, ya know? This world is too small for dicks like that. She gestures to the Grumpy Player giving his statement to cops. But Nyles looks at her, blank-faced. We now see his right eyeball is completely red and draining bloody tears
81) 9) dialog: Oh shut up. No one got “harmed.”
81) 11) dialog: You’1l be fine tomorrow.
81) 13) dialog: It doesn’t matter. Nothing matters. Those are your words.
81) 15) dialog: You were never going to deal with him. I did you a favor. So, fuck you.
81) 19) dialog: I’m stuck in this shit because YOU got me stuck in it.
81) 21) dialog: I followed you because I liked you and someone was trying to hurt you. Because I GIVE A SHIT, which you clearly know nothing about. But had I known I’d be stuck with a pretentious, wannabe nihilist for the rest of my fucking life I'd have stayed far away, and I sure as hell would never have slept with you.
81) 23) dialog: What do you mean? Nyles looks to the Cops --
81) 26) dialog: Answer me. Nyles looks at her with a cold stare --
82) 0) text: Nyles drinks on his pizza, but he can’t get comfortable. sun is too bright, the beer too warm, the pizza isn’t inflated enough. Everything is off. Sarah is gone.
92) 0) text: Where Nyles and Sarah sit handcuffed on the curb as the Grumpy Man gives his statement to the Cop. Back to the la time Nyles and Sarah saw each other.
92) 2) dialog: I’m getting the fuck out of here. Nyles doesn’t understand...
93) 0) text: Sarah shoots awake, sits up, fucking done with this day. She goes straight to the BATHROOM -- She flings open the steamed shower door to find Abe --
93) 2) dialog: No. This is done. This never should've happened. We both deserve every awful thing that’s coming to us because we are shitty people. But I’m done being shitty.
93) 4) dialog: I already fucking told her and it doesn’t make a difference. And with that Sarah SLAMS the shower door, cracking it.
94) 0) text: PUSH IN on Sarah behind the wheel, a woman on a mission.
95) 0) text: Sarah’s car screeches into the EMPTY parking lot.
95) 3) text: Sarah slips right by and we follow her INSIDE --
96) 1) dialog: Science. I need the science section.
96) 3) dialog: Time loops? Time travel?
96) 7) dialog: I walked into a cave that sucked me into some type of hellish wormhole and now I’ve been stuck living the same day over and over again and I need to find a way out. The Librarian gives her a blank stare.
97) 0) text: From behind the computer, ANGLE ON Sarah as she sits befo this machine which may hold all the answers. As she gets work typing we slowly PUSH IN on her face -- TIME SPEEDS UP BEHIND HER -- library guests pass by in a -- but Sarah never moves, her eyes just rapidly scanning every page she reads, absorbing every video she watches - -- FLASH TO diagrams of WORMHOLES, BLACK HOLES, EQUATIONS COSMOLOGICAL DIAGRAMS --— 95. -- FLASH TO various entries typed into GOOGLE: cosmology, Magnetic vortex, quantum suicide, parallel universes -- PUSHING IN on Sarah, her face fills the frame, pupils shr -- FLASH TO Sarah waking up -- she hops out of bed -- Her speeds away in a dust cloud -- OVER and OVER again -- -- FLASH TO a Stephen Hawking TED Talk -- Sarah furiously takes notes -- -- Sarah's eyes grow heavy as she watches a dated TV spec on time travel... until she falls asleep at the computer -- Sarah WAKES UP -- back at the guest house -- FUCK -- a jumps out of bed -- Her car speeds away -- PUSHING IN on Sarah’s face -- on her EYE -- -- As Howard assembles the ALTAR, Sarah swipes a TAPE MEA from Howard’s tool box and walks off, but STOPS when --
97) 2) dialog: (Subtitled Spanish) Make sure you spend it all today. -- FLASH TO Sarah at the mouth of the CAVE, measuring it, pacing back and forth, pouring weird chemicals in the dir She strides in, staring at a stopwatch, the ORANGE ORB engulfs her into a BLACK VOID -- We PULL OUT from Sarah’s PUPIL -- she rubs her weary eyes she SKYPES with a PROFESSOR:
97) 4) dialog: -- BUT. Wait. You’re wrong. Hintz argued that a Reissner-Nordstrom-de Sitter black hole would allow an observer access to the indeterministic universe on the other side of the Cauchy horizon. The Professor stares back.
97) 7) dialog: I think I got it. The Librarian smiles politely, then goes back to her work
98) 1) dialog: Still here, huh? 97. Nyles turns his head to see Sarah approaching -- and fall of his chair. He blinks to be sure he isn’t hallucinating
98) 3) dialog: Yup.
98) 5) dialog: Yeah. Well I can’t age.
98) 7) dialog: So, how you been?
98) 9) dialog: Are you done? Nyles thinks for a moment. Am I done?
98) 11) dialog: Good. I think I found a way out. off Nyles -- 98.
99) 0) text: TIGHT ON Sarah as she explains her theory to Nyles.
99) 1) dialog: «+. all lying entirely within a Cauchy horizon, and though the chronology protection hypothesis and quantum fluctuations theoretically don’t allow for traveling back in time, it really comes down to nature always inhibiting us. So, the general consensus is eradicate the energy source and all should reset. She looks at Nyles, preoccupied and clearly not following
99) 2) dialog: Nature prevents time travel. The earthquake broke nature.
99) 4) dialog: No, listen, this is serious. Sarah leans forward and grabs her PURSE from the vanity -
99) 7) dialog: Then get ready. I'll finish up. Erin puts her hands up, glad to be done, and leaves. Sarah takes out LIPSTICK and draws a DIAGRAM on the mirro starting with a LONG TUBE -- 99.
99) 8) dialog: This is the cave. It’s also life, birth and death, our consciousness, the timeline we all live on, but it’s simpler to think of it solely as the cave. We enter here -- She circles the left entry --
99) 9) dialog: -- and what’s supposed to happen in life is we just walk through this tube to the other end, continuing on this regular timeline. But, much like an earthquake can break pipes underground, it broke our pipe. She circles a section of the tube --
99) 10) dialog: This is the part where it all turns orange, where we’re sucked in. For exactly 3.2 seconds we lose control of our bodies, and what’s happening is we’re being sucked down into this fissure caused by the earthquake, back to the moment we wake up. Sarah draws a line down from the fissure, back to the sta
99) 12) dialog: Nyles, focus. It’s really not that hard to understand. Here -- (circling the fissure again) This is a highly concentrated energy source. Remember, you said it yourself. Energy Is Everything. We're trapped in a box of energy. Sarah draws a BOX around the entire graphic.
99) 13) dialog: That's all this day is. A box of energy. (pointing to the fissure) We destroy the energy source in that 3.2 second window, we break the box. At least I think. Sarah goes back to applying her make-up, pleased with her 100.
99) 15) dialog: I don’t know, maybe we wake up and it’s today, maybe it’s twenty years from now, or we're dead under a pile of rocks. I can’t be sure of any of it, that’s why it’s a theory. But we have to try. Sarah’s making somewhat of a convincing argument, but Nyl remains skeptical.
99) 17) dialog: We blow up ourselves and the cave in that 3.2 second window. Then we're out. Sarah moves onto her mascara, so confident in her plan.
99) 19) dialog: Well, technically, I’ve spent no time on it, since this isn’t real time, it’s all time spent outside of time, but go on.
99) 21) dialog: This is different. She puts down her mascara and looks him in the eyes.
99) 22) dialog: I tested it. 101. Sarah moves into the BEDROOM and starts changing into her DRESS. Nyles is stuck on her last line though...
99) 24) dialog: I tried it with Spuds’ goat. I sent her into the cave, blew her up, and... she’s gone. I don’t know where she went, but she isn’t here anymore. (then) Zip me up. Nyles zips her dress, still unsure...
99) 26) dialog: Yeah. Crazy, right? So, get through today, don’t do anything too crazy, and tonight, meet me at the cave so we can peace the fuck out of this shithole. Sarah checks her dress in the armoire mirror. Nyles sits the bed, processing. Did she actually find a way out?
99) 28) dialog: What? No. What are you talking about? Sarah sits on the bed and begins lacing up on her shoes.
99) 30) dialog: Rush? Nyles, we've been stuck in here for an eternity.
99) 32) dialog: Holy shit. You’re scared to leave.
99) 34) dialog: What’s the difference?
99) 36) dialog: Everything we’re doing in here is meaningless. You know that, right? This isn’t real.
99) 38) dialog: You don’t love me. I’m literally the only other human being stuck in here with you.
99) 40) dialog: So, you're saying that out there, in the real world, with millions of choices, you'd still want to be with me? Nyles hesitates for a second too long... Sarah clocks it.
99) 42) dialog: Bullshit. You can’t possibly know that.
99) 44) dialog: Fuck no. Sarah heads back into the bathroom --
99) 46) dialog: You've lost your mind. Nyles stands --
99) 48) dialog: I want my life back, Nyles!
99) 50) dialog: How do you know about that? He sighs.
99) 53) dialog: Wow, YOU don’t judge ME? That’s rich coming from the guy who lied about us fucking “thousands of times.”
99) 55) dialog: Yeah, well apology not accepted. Good talk, Nyles. Don’t come with me, I don’t care. She turns to leave -- but he’s in the way.
99) 56) dialog: Can you move? If this is my last day, I’m not wasting it with you. Nyles stares back, he wants her to stay... but she won’t down. He steps aside and she leaves.
102) 0) text: Sarah, all dressed for the wedding, straight-faced as the PHOTOGRAPHER positions the family members around Tala and in front of a cactus. Sarah forces a smile for the photo.
105) 0) text: Nyles turns up another dirt road, the sun descends below mountains behind him -- and THE EARTHQUAKE HITS. Nyles pauses for a moment. A thought crosses him, he look west: The cave is open. Maybe Sarah’s heading in. He sighs, then keeps walking forth into the darkness.
106) 3) dialog: Thanks Misty, that was great. Sarah looks directly at Tala throughout.
106) 4) dialog: Tala. My baby sister, Tala. What can I say that hasn’t been said? Heh... Even from this angle, I can see a very faint halo of light around your head -- hovering just above those angelic cheekbones. 106. Tala’ cheekbones radiate. Sarah sighs to herself, this is ridiculous... But sees Tala beaming at her... and actuall gets a little choked up. What are these feelings I’m feel
106) 5) dialog: This world is bizarre... things happen, life happens, and it’s easy to bear down and just go through the motions day after day, after day... But, my sweet little sis’, you are so open to the wonder of it all. You have this hopefulness that’s special and rare. Every morning you get up and you confidently charge forth toward the life you've dreamt up for yourself. Your joy, this joyous energy, it's contagious and it’s just...
106) 7) dialog: Staring at each other across the campfire --
106) 10) dialog: 
106) 11) dialog: .-. it’s everything. Sarah pauses, struck by the warmth of this memory. She swallows her vulnerability, and looks back at Tala --
106) 12) dialog: Big sisters are supposed to teach baby sisters, but I will today and forever, and ever and ever, be learning from you. The two sisters share a blissful, teary smile.
106) 13) dialog: So, now, Abe... Abe leans forward, expecting some kind words...
106) 14) dialog: You fucking hurt her and I’1l stab your little fucking dick with a fork, I swear to god. 107. Stunned reactions from the crowd. Sarah smiles, drops the mic, and walks off.
107) 7) dialog: (touched, beaming) Have I really been here that long? 108.
109) 0) text: Sarah drives her car along a rough dirt road, deeply focu INT. TED’S PICK-UP - NIGHT Nyles presses down the gas -- SPEEDING DOWN THE HIGHWAY - He CRACKS his nose back into place, then -- He hits a POTHOLE -- POP!!! -- he blows a tire -- -- and SKIDS TO A STOP on the shoulder. Nyles jumps out of the truck, checks the tire: torn to sh and bent in on itself.
110) 0) text: Sarah gets out of her car at the dead end of a dirt road. pops the trunk and pulls out a DUFFEL BAG, throws it over shoulder, and powers forth into the desert -- on a missio
112) 0) text: THE CAVE. Open and ready. SARAH. Calm. Resolute. She stands just beyond the mouth, staring at it. She takes a deep breath and pulls on a VES LINED WITH C4. She walks toward the cave. Just as she’s about to cross the threshold --
112) 2) dialog: Goddamnit. What is it, Nyles? 111.
112) 4) dialog: You don’t know what I feel. You don’t know me.
112) 6) dialog: I don’t want another one of your fucking speeches, Nyles... She looks toward the cave.
112) 7) dialog: You get one more sentence.
112) 10) dialog: That’s your one sentence --
112) 16) dialog: Ellipses.
112) 18) dialog: That was a grammatical nightmare.
112) 20) dialog: What if we get sick of each other?
112) 22) dialog: I can survive just fine without you. But there’s a chance that life can be a little less mundane with you in it.
112) 24) dialog: Then I’1l try it for now. Nyles beams. Spuds CLAPS, watching from his bike.
113) 0) text: From the inside looking out, Sarah and Nyles stand at the mouth of the cave. Her in her C4 vest, him with a broken in his swim trunks and Hawaiian shirt. A perfect engageme photo. They begin their walk in.
113) 2) dialog: Too late, you already committed.
113) 5) dialog: In case I don’t see you again -- Sarah kisses Nyles, the ORANGE ORB SWELLS --
113) 7) text: ENGULFED BY ORB --— MAKING OUT -— SARAH’S HAND ON THE DETONATOR -- CLICK -—-
114) 0) text: Yesterday, last year, today, tomorrow... Sarah and Nyles float on an extra large pizza raft in a pool, burritos in hand, horchata in the pepperoni cupholders.
114) 1) dialog: There’s one thing I still really don’t understand?
114) 3) dialog: How did you find the cave in the first place? You had to find it that first day at the wedding, but it’s like two miles from the party, not by any roads. What were you doing out there? Nyles takes a big bite of his burrito.
114) 4) dialog: Seriously. Honesty and communication are key to a healthy relationship.
114) 6) dialog: Yeah, because an answer is inherently satisfying. It satisfies the pursuit of truth. And I like truth. I get off on truth. Nyles stares directly at Sarah. 115.
114) 9) dialog: No. That’s pretentious. And dumb. Nyles ponders this for a moment. A small raft with the bo Tecate on it floats by.
114) 11) dialog: Beer?