3) 0) text: Nyles trudges up a moonlit road. He takes a Tecate from h pocket and drinks as he reaches the top of a hill, where another source of LIGHT illuminates his face. He gazes ou with a look of recognition -- and resignation: A LARGE ESTATE at the end of the road, 100 yards down, in this otherwise pitch black desert valley. The MAIN HOUSE the center, with two large GUEST HOUSES, all connected through strands of twinkling lights extending down a long dirt driveway, packed full of hybrid cars. Nyles continues toward the estate, passing a SIGN: “Tala Abe's Wedding - November 9,” stenciled on driftwood in wh Futura font. Nyles SLAPS it down as he passes.
4) 3) dialog: Love you, babe! AT THE BAR: SARAH HARRIS (32, cool tattoos, an emotional fortress, Tala’s real sister), scoffs at this as she wait for her wine to be filled. Luckily she’s far enough away so no one heard her besides DAISY THE BARTENDER (30, droll) who fills her wine halfwa
4) 11) dialog: Woo-hoo! Tala and Abe stand and clap. Everyone else joins in appla
4) 24) dialog: Misty’s boyfriend. DANCE FLOOR, Nyles addresses the guests:
4) 30) dialog: How does he know all that? Abe shakes his head -- he has no clue.
4) 33) text: While we all gorge that shit, she gave hers up to Baby Brother Nico, saving his life. Everyone is stunned by this revelation. Tala smiles at he hipster brother, NICO (23), through scattered applause --
5) 0) text: A BACCHANALIAN DANCE PARTY. Guests bounce, groove, grind energized by the LOVE in the air. Tala Bhangras with her Howard. Nana Schlieffen shimmies with Jerry from Sudan. A Soulja Boys with his new mother-in-law, Pia. Brother Nico makes out with ERIN (27, bridesmaid). 8. Sarah nurses her wine off to the side, watching Tala and RANDY (25, bolo tie, top knot), drunkenly dances up to he
13) 0) text: Howard carries a driftwood sign down the driveway. At a f in the road, he hammers it in the dirt with a mallet. REV THE SIGN: “Tala & Abe’s Wedding - November 9.”
14) 11) dialog: Sarah! Sarah turns: Tala, hair and make-up wedding-ready, is crossing the yard --
14) 12) dialog: Oh my god, what are you doing?! Tala reaches the pool deck -- and SLIPS ON WET CONCRETE - her face SMACKS the ground.
23) 4) dialog: Sarah! Sarah turns: Tala is crossing the yard --
23) 5) dialog: Oh my god, what are you doing?! Tala reaches the pool deck -- and SLIPS ON WET CONCRETE - her face SMACKS the ground.
24) 0) text: Tala WAILS, clasping her bloody mouth. Sarah stands besid her, drenched and shellshocked -- Tala grabs her hand -- It’s all out pandemonium; a mess of snot, tears, and stre of mascara. Pia, Misty, and Erin (bridesmaid) dab Tala’s eyes, Nico looks on with a morbid curiosity, Howard frantically paces around the bedroom on the phone.
24) 8) dialog: Don’t let him in! He can’t see me!
24) 10) dialog: Don’t fucking come in here!
31) 0) text: As the crowd laughs at Misty’s speech, Nyles watches Dais fill his wine. He drinks and looks at Sarah’s empty chair then over to Tala. She’s staring at it too, missing her s
49) 0) text: Tala and Abe slow dance, gazing into each other’s eyes. Nyles, dressed in a tux, taps on Abe’s shoulder.
49) 4) dialog: No!
54) 0) text: TRIBAL MUSIC begins and the guests quiet down for the ceremony. Two DANCERS in green leotards dance down the ai weaving between hay bales, tossing glitter on guests. From here we catch brief snapshots of the wedding: - Abe and his MOM stroll down the aisle to CHEERS. - The WEDDING PARTY walks down... Misty and Trevor, Erin Nico, Sarah and Randy. Nyles gives her two thumbs up. EVERYONE STANDS to watch Tala walk with Howard. As Tala a Abe meet at the altar, their faces stretch into the great smile of their lives. Abe’s eyes well up, Tala starts cry The Officiant wipes a tear. Howard sobs, Pia comforts him pan the audience: EVERYONE feels the love. And then there’s Sarah. She steps forward --
54) 5) text: EVERYBODY PANICS. Pia holds Tala. Howard holds the altar steady. One guest sprints away. A baby cries. Nyles remains calm, but confused -- THE EARTHQUAKE STOPS. The guests glance around with relie
66) 0) text: Abe and Tala are about to cut the cake when Nyles runs up CROSSBOW in hand --
77) 0) text: Sarah walks through the house to wake up Nyles, but she s at the BRIDAL SUITE. The door is ajar. She peeks INSIDE: Tala sips on a mimosa while Erin does her hair, both smil Sarah watches, longing for this happiness she can never s with her sister. PRE-LAP: The sound of a beer can opening.
86) 0) text: Nyles wanders down the hall in his underwear, passing peo setting up for the wedding. He stops in the living room w he sees Pia putting up photos of Tala and Abe.
88) 4) dialog: (to Abe) What’s he talking about?
88) 12) dialog: Abe. That isn’t true, is it?
89) 3) dialog: Love you too, Mom! Nyles watches with dead eyes, nursing his wine.
101) 0) text: Nyles trudges down the dirt road, AWAY from the estate, a guests drive toward the wedding. He passes the sign for “Tala & Abe’s Wedding - November 9
102) 0) text: Sarah, all dressed for the wedding, straight-faced as the PHOTOGRAPHER positions the family members around Tala and in front of a cactus. Sarah forces a smile for the photo.
104) 0) text: MOS: Tala and Abe share their vows as family tears up. Sa smiles, standing by Tala in full support. She glances out the audience -- everyone falls for the love on display.
106) 1) dialog: Woo-hoo! Tala and Abe stand and clap. Everyone else joins in appla