1) 5) dialog: Success!! Victor SCREAMS in fright, then catches himself
1) 7) dialog: I was beginning to lose faith, Victor. He looks our at the screaming mob.
1) 8) dialog: A pity your moment of triumph is being spoiled over a little thing like grave robbery.
2) 2) dialog: Where are you going to run, Victor? SPARKS rain down as Victor throws open a traveling chest wildly begins packing. Dracula is suddenly on the complet opposite side of the room, pacing the mantelpiece.
2) 3) dialog: Your peculiar experiments have made you ... unwelcome, in most of the civilized world. Victor looks up at Dracula, momentarily confused by Dracu impossible moves.
2) 5) dialog: No, Victor, the time has come for me to take command of him.
2) 9) dialog: And I do. But now that it is, as you yourself said, "a triumph of science over god," it must now serve my purpose.
4) 2) dialog: Feel free. I don't actually need you anymore, Victor. I just need him ... he is the key. Dracula moves in for the kill. Victor backs away towards roaring fireplace, eyes narrowing in defiance.
4) 4) dialog: I cannot allow that to happen. My brides would be very put out.
4) 8) dialog: You can't kill me, Victor ... Dracula impales himself on Victor's sabre and keeps walki impaling himself all the way up to the hilt, bringing the men eye-to-eye. Victor is beyond shocked. Dracula smiles.
4) 9) dialog: --- I'm already dead.
6) 0) text: Dracula's canines glide out into razor sharp fangs, all t blood drains from his face, his hair turns pure white. Vi SCREAMS. The Count bites down into his neck. Up in the rafters, Igor scurries off through a door, slam it behind him as Victor's SHADOW is murdered above it. Dracula drops Victor's limp body to the floor. And that's when a horrific ANGUISHED BELLOW suddenly fills the room.
12) 0) text: Dracula's SHADOW rises up the laboratory walls and TRANSF into something huge, with wings.
39) 0) text: TIGHT ON a DRAGON INSIGNIA, like the one on Van Helsing's ring. Carved into an open COFFIN covered in snow and ice. snow and ice suddenly melt into STEAM as Dracula rises up of it.
39) 1) dialog: 
39) 3) dialog: If it's not the Christians, it's the Moors! Why can't they just leave us alone. We never kill more than our fill. And less than our share. Can they say the same? Dracula walks UPSIDE DOWN across the forty-foot-high ceil
39) 4) dialog: Did I not say how important it was to finish with these Valerious. He comes face-to-face with Verona and Aleera, hanging fro beam by their feet, cradled in each others arms, sobbing.
39) 5) dialog: Now that we are so very close to fulfilling our dream? 34. The brides wail in anguish, Dracula's demeanor changes on dime, from anger to sympathy.
39) 6) dialog: There, there, my lovelies. Do not worry, I shall find another bride. The brides are appalled.
39) 9) dialog: No! I have no heart. I feel no love. Nor fear, nor joy, nor sorrow. I am hollow! Soulless! At war with the world and every living soul in it! ... But soon ... very soon, the final battle will begin. His demeanor changes on a dime again, he smiles curiously
39) 10) dialog: I must find out who our new visitor is. Dracula jumps the forty feet to the ground with ease. The huge SHADOW of a Werewolf prowls across the wall behind h a chain around its neck. Dracula smiles at it.
39) 11) dialog: We'll have to make a special aperitif out of him. We are much too close to success to be interrupted now. Both brides immediately panic and leap off their perch, d the forty feet and land next to Dracula.
39) 14) dialog: 
39) 16) text: The brides cower in fear. Dracula is immediately horrifie as if he hurt a little child, he envelops them in his cap
39) 17) dialog: No, no, no. Do not fear me, you must not fear me, everyone else fears me. The brides calm down and begin to purr in his grasp.
39) 18) dialog: But we must try ... we have no choice but to try .... For our own survival. Dracula inhales, smelling his brides, but his reverie is broken by the roar of the Werewolf. Behind them, the werewolf's shadow is being poked by a long stick held by HUNCHBACK'S SHADOW; the poking is accompanied by the soun electric shocks.
39) 19) dialog: Igor! The creepy hunchback himself scurries up, slipping across ice, carrying a ten-foot-long electric cattle prod.
39) 21) dialog: Why do you torment that thing so?
39) 23) dialog: Remember Igor, "Do unto others."
39) 25) dialog: Now go. Dracula looks up into the rafters.
39) 26) dialog: All of you! 36. A large gang of vile little DWERGI are perched along the beams. German Gothic trolls, short and squat, with weird masks and goggles that completely hide their faces.
39) 27) dialog: To Castle Frankenstein!
50) 0) text: A little, gloved Dwerger HAND slams a huge switch down. T laboratory sparks to life. Brilliant arcs of electricity shoot up and down the walls. The massive dynamos, generat gears, and fan belts kick in. The Dwergi are feverishly preparing the equipment. A flash of lightning attracts Dracula to the shattered skylight.
50) 1) dialog: Igor! Igor looks down from the skylight, rain lashing his twist little body, heavy wind practically blowing him off his f
50) 3) dialog: Have you finished?
50) 5) dialog: Good. The Werewolf glides in through a fissure in me granite wa its eyes fixed on Dracula. Dracula purposefully ignores i
50) 6) dialog: Werewolves are such a nuisance during their first full moon, so hard to control. The Werewolf TRANSFORMS back into Velkan, bent over in ag Dracula strides majestically past him.
50) 7) dialog: I send you on a simple errand, to find out who our new friend is, and you stop for a talk with your sister.
50) 9) dialog: Don't wish for death so quickly. I intend for you to be quite useful.
50) 11) dialog: Don't be boring, everyone who says that dies. Dracula unfastens the metal straps holding the corpse in.
50) 12) dialog: Besides, tonight, after the final stroke of midnight, you'll have no choice but to obey me. 48. He rips the corpse out of the pod and throws it down in f of Velkan.
50) 13) dialog: Look familiar? Velkan stares at it, stricken.
50) 15) dialog: He proved useless. But I'm hoping with Werewolf venom running through your veins, you will be of greater benefit. Dracula grabs a rusty metal SKULLCAP and slams it down on Velkan's head. Wires and electrodes spring from the skull and attach to the dynamos. Velkan struggles to the last.
53) 0) text: LIGHTNING FLASHES as the Dwergi move like monkeys around the equipment. Everything is starting to accelerate. Dyna CRACKLE. Pulleys WHIRL. Electrical arcs FLASH. Dracula tu a flywheel. The pod with Velkan inside it rises up off th floor, heading for the skylight high above.
55) 0) text: Dracula steps up to a huge vat of neon green liquid, he s the hatch shut and dogs it tight.
55) 1) dialog: Let us begin! Igor and the Dwergi lower blast shields over their heads, then clamber up the towering scaffolding to various power stations. The weather is getting ferocious. Gusts of RAIN whip down from the shattered skylight, backlit by blindin LIGHTNING and accompanied by explosive THUNDER.
57) 0) text: Dracula spins around into a CLOSE UP:
57) 1) dialog: Throw the switches!
59) 0) text: The flash of energy rips down all the electrical wires an starts them jumping like scalded snakes. Van Helsing watc this, then continues digging a hole in the cocoon, his ha suddenly reveals the repulsive little humanoid face of a PYGMY BAT. It has huge, creepy, lidless eyeballs covered veins, a hairy pig snout, mottled greenish skin, and a ga maw filled with rows of tiny, razor-sharp fangs. Even wit it's eyes open it's obviously lifeless. Anna looks sicken Another flash of energy rips down all the electrical wire And that's when the creepy little thing SNAPS TO LIFE and HISSES. Anna SCREAMS. Van Helsing palms her mouth and pul her tight. All the cocoons begin PULSING with some sort o repulsive inner life. High above, Dracula, Verona, and Aleera stride out of the flickering electrical light show and onto a balcony. Van Helsing and Anna quickly back off into the darkness. third flash of energy rips down all the electrical wires. the cocoons begin QUIVERING WILDLY, shocked into animatio The pygmy bat revealed by Van Helsing suddenly EXPLODES o of it's cocoon. It darts up into the rafters. More cocoon explode open, spraying walls and pillars with gooey white slime. The putrid little things fly around the foyer. The CHITTERING becomes deafening. Dracula smiles at his Bride
59) 1) dialog: They must feed. Show them how. Dracula shoves Aleera and Verona off the balcony.
59) 2) dialog: And beg the devil that this time they stay alive! 54. The two Brides drop through the air and then TRANSFORM in giant bat form. They fly and cavort with their offspring. Dracula points out the windows and YELLS to his spawn:
59) 3) dialog: You must feed! To the village! TO
61) 0) text: Back in the foyer, the sound and fury and wind dissipate. Then WE CUT TO Dracula's POV, a creepy blueish NIGHT-VISI scanning the foyer. Van Helsing is nowhere in sight. WE T a huge WINGED SHADOW across a wall, it transforms into th shadow of a man. Dracula steps into FRAME.
61) 1) dialog: I can tell the character of a man by the sound of his heartbeat. He puts his hand to his ear, we can hear the sound of a HEARTBEAT.
61) 2) dialog: Usually when I approach I can almost dance to the beat.... Strange that yours is so steady.
64) 0) text: Dracula stalks through the arches. A phosphorescent match suddenly IGNITES at his feet, he looks down. Van Helsing drops out of a ceiling and STABS a wooden stake deep into chest. Dracula looks at the wooden stake in his chest, th at Van Helsing, standing in a shaft of light. Dracula giv him a rather pleasant smile.
64) 1) dialog: Hello, Gabriel. Van Helsing freezes. We've never seen him puzzled before. Dracula calmly grabs the wooden stake in his chest, rips out and casually discards it.
67) 0) text: A dawning realization washes over Dracula.
67) 1) dialog: You don't remember, do you? Suspicious, Van Helsing backs off into the ancient foyer.
67) 3) dialog: You are the great Van Helsing. Trained by monks and mullahs from Tibet to Istanbul. Protected by Rome herself! But like me... (his face darkens) .---ehunted by all others.
67) 5) dialog: Oh, but it's much more than that, you and I go back a long way, Gabriel. I know why you have such horrible nightmares. The horrific scenes of ancient battles past? Do you know how you received those triangular scars on your back? Van Helsing's eyes narrow, now it's getting really strang
69) 0) text: Van Helsing hears Anna's scream. Dracula just smiles.
69) 1) dialog: So, would you like me to refresh your memory? A few details from your sordid past? Van Helsing rips a crucifix out of his cloak and thrusts at Dracula. Dracula SHRIEKS and angrily swats it away, th calms down, smiling beatifically, as if nothing, had happened.
69) 2) dialog: I guess that's a conversation for another time. But before you go, let me reintroduce myself (bows majestically) Count Vladislaus Dragulia. Born 1432. Murdered 1462. His bicuspids distend into razor sharp fangs.
71) 0) text: Dracula spins around at the distant sound of his brides WAILING. Van Helsing uses the moment to leap into a large dumbwaiter and cut the cables with one of his saw blades. Dracula looks back in time to see Van Helsing rocket upwa
74) 0) text: High atop the castle tower, Dracula cradles the sobbing brides in his arms. Igor slithers up, looking terrified, he had a tail, it would be tucked firmly between his legs
74) 2) dialog: Truly. Igor cowers, but Dracula seems spent.
74) 3) dialog: It is clear that the good Doctor took the key to life to his grave. The Werewolf steps up onto the parapet, an insane look in it's eyes. Dracula waves him away, dismissive.
74) 4) dialog: Hunt them down. Kill them both. The Werewolf gives him a deranged look and snarls evilly, clearly he is Velkan Valerio us no more. He turns and lea off the parapet. 61.
104) 0) text: OUT ON THE DANCE FLOOR: Dracula dances with Anna, both wearing masks. He dips her and removes her mask. She is i trance. Eyes open, unblinking. Dracula throws away his ma and kisses her. Anna snaps out of it. Dracula spins her around.
104) 1) dialog: How does it feel to be a puppet on my string? Anna suddenly looks around, realizing she's dancing with Dracula. She struggles, but is completely within his powe
104) 3) dialog: I have no intention of trading you. And if I know Van Helsing, which I do, he isn't planning on making a trade either. He dips her and leans in close, their lips almost touchin
104) 4) dialog: Neither of us has ever settled for half.
104) 6) dialog: That's not all I could do with your skin. Dracula gently caresses her neck. Aleera cuts in and grab Anna away from Dracula.
106) 4) dialog: You look famished, my dear, go get yourself a bite. 80. Aleera scowls as Dracula spins Anna over to a MIRROR WALL
106) 5) dialog: Don't we make a beautiful couple? Anna looks at the mirror. Dracula is not in the reflectio He starts to dance with her in front of the mirror.
106) 6) dialog: I'm looking for a new bride, Anna, someone strong and beautiful. In the mirror it looks like Anna is dancing alone, seemin being dipped and spun and twirled by an invisible force.
106) 7) dialog: All it takes is one bite from me. He hugs her tighter. Anna looks from his face to his ches crushed tightly against her breasts, her eyes widen.
106) 9) dialog: Perhaps it just needs to be rekindled. Dracula leans in for a kiss. Anna angrily turns her head away, so she doesn't see all the blood drain from Dracula face and his canines distend into fangs, about to bite in her neck. A Fire Breather tilts his head safely up and away from th crowd, lifts a torch to his mouth and starts to BLOW Carl quickly sidles up and shoves him hard. The Fire Breather BLOWS FLAMES across the back of Dracula's cape.
108) 0) text: DOWN ON THE DANCE FLOOR: Dracula whirls around, ON FIRE, shocked and angry. 81.
110) 0) text: Dracula grabs the Fire Breather and tosses him dear acros the ballroom. Van Helsing swoops in, grabs Anna by her wa and swings her up into the air.
111) 0) text: UP ON THE BALCONY: Van Helsing and Anna land, skid to a s and look down. The entire crowd looks up at our heroes. And then, in uni they all remove their masks. Their eyes go yellow, their goes white, fangs glide out, they HISS angrily. They are VAMPIRES. Dracula smiles up at Van Helsing.
111) 1) dialog: Welcome to my summer palace. A side door bursts open and a batch of vampires charge in carrying Frankenstein over their heads, he's chained tigh and bellowing furiously. Igor stands on his chest.
111) 3) dialog: Enjoy yourselves! The entire vampire crowd rushes forward, SHRIEKING like w Banshees. Anna's response is to rip the arm off a SUIT OF ARMOR, st her hand down the sleeve and into its metal glove, attach to the glove is an IRON MACE covered in spikes. Van Helsi response is to give her an incredulous look, then grab he and yank her out of FRAME.
116) 6) dialog: God hasn't helped you in years, Van Helsing, why should he start now!? We hear Aleera LAUGH as the two dark shadows flyaway. Ann and Carl run up beside Van Helsing. Anna grabs him.
124) 1) dialog: Bring me the monster...!! Dracula's voice ECHOES through the immense fortress as Ig snickers evilly.
127) 0) text: The Dwergi are putting the final touches em the reassembl Victor Frankenstein's equipment. Frankenstein himself is welded into the iron pod, bellowing angrily. Dracula stri past, slamming all of the huge electrical switches on.
127) 1) dialog: What ate you complaining about? The entire laboratory sparks to life. Spectacular arcs of electricity shoot up and down the walls between the dynam The gears kick in. The fan belts snap taut and start to s
127) 2) dialog: This is why you were made, to prove that god is not the only one who can create life! Dracula turns the flywheel. Frankenstein begins to rise.
127) 3) dialog: And now you will give that life to my young.
131) 0) text: All of the equipment is accelerating wildly. The Dwergi are desperately trying to keep everything from spinning out of control. Dracula is in rapture as sparks down upon him. Van Helsing climbs up out of the shaft and hides behind t shattered block of ice, which is being pelted and melted raining sparks. Dynamos crackle. Pulleys whirl. Electrica arcs flash. Van Helsing looks up. Sixty feet above him is OPEN SKYLIGHT, twenty feet above that is the POD apparatu
137) 0) text: Dracula looks up as a BLAST OF ENERGY emanates from the p down into the room and through the equipment, which insta OVERLOADS, spitting FLAMES and SPARKS. One of the Dwergi blown across the room, ON FIRE. Dracula smiles maniacally
137) 1) dialog: Give me LIFE!!! The blast of energy surges out through every door, crack, pore of the room.
143) 0) text: Another energy blast surges through the room. Dracula lif his arms and eyes to the sky in triumph.
143) 1) dialog: One more bolt and my young shall live! And then he sees Van Helsing high above him. Dracula scow and TRANSFORMS into a HIDEOUS WINGED BEAST FROM HELL.
146) 0) text: Van Helsing rips the last metal strap off of Frankenstein And that's when the hideous Winged Dracula Beast swoops u and rips into Van Helsing, throwing him back. Van Helsing bounces off the apparatus and drops-
159) 0) text: The huge Winged Beast strides through the flames, then TRANSFORMS back into Dracula, a smile on his lips.
159) 1) dialog: You're too late, my friend! My live! Van Helsing backs away, really mess
159) 4) dialog: That is correct. A deranged look fills Van Helsing's face.
162) 0) text: As Dracula moves in on Van Helsing, Van Helsing looks out a window to the CLOCK-TOWER. The BI HAND slams forward. It is now exactly one minute to midni The clock CHIMES. Van Helsing's whole body suddenly CONVULSES. Insanity pours into his eyes. Dracula looks perplexed. Van Helsing GROANS:
162) 2) dialog: No .... This ... this is not right (furious) This can not be!
164) 0) text: Dracula cautiously backs off as the huge Werewolf collect itself and moves towards him. For the first time in his l life, Dracula actually looks nervous, he plays for time.
164) 1) dialog: You and I are part of the same grand game, Gabriel. But we need not find ourselves on opposite sides of the board.
166) 0) text: The Werewolf LUNGES at Dracula. Dracula whirls around, becoming the Winged Beast, he flies up the wall, heading the open skylight. The Werewolf bounds after him, ripping way straight up the sheer rock, it leaps out and grabs th Winged Beast. Both creatures crash down into the equipmen
168) 0) text: Dracula leaps up first and backs away.
168) 1) dialog: You're being used Gabriel. As was I. But I escaped, and so can you! The Werewolf springs at Dracula. Dracula becomes the Wing Beast and desperately uses his four razor sharp appendage claw at the Werewolf. The Werewolf howls in pain, then la out and rips away at the Beast. The Beast shrieks, then throws itself up into the rafters and becomes Dracula, hi arm is torn and limp. The clock CHIMES. 108.
168) 2) dialog: I know who you are. Who controls you. Join me! Join me and I'll cut the strings that play you! I'll give you your life back!
170) 0) text: The Werewolf looks insanely hungry as it closes in on Dracula, who is desperately backing away.
170) 1) dialog: Don't you understand!? Four hundred years ago we were friends. Partners! Brothers! The clock CHIMES. The Werewolf leaps at him. Dracula beco the Beast and desperately tries to flyaway, but he's too damaged. The Werewolf grabs him by the throat, about to k him, and that's when the Werewolf turns back into Van Helsing. Van Helsing quickly staggers back. Dracula looks at the roiling clouds obscuring the moon, then he looks a Van Helsing. That old confident glint fills Dracula's eye
170) 2) dialog: Did I mention that it was you who murdered me?
172) 0) text: Van Helsing desperately backs off through the FLAMING, SPARKING equipment as Dracula slowly moves in on him.
172) 1) dialog: All I wanted was life, Gabriel ... now I'll have to take yours. Dracula holds up his left hand, his ring finger has long been CUT OFF.
172) 2) dialog: And I'll take my ring back as well. The clock CHIMES. Van Helsing backs up into a wall, trapp breathing hard, the two men stare at each other. Dracula' bicuspids distend into long fangs.
172) 3) dialog: Don't be afraid, Gabriel, now I will give you back your life, your memory. And then through a window, Van Helsing sees the clouds ab to fully reveal the full moon. The clock CHIMES.