2) 9) dialog: No!
2) 10) text: Boos as we FIND... JIMMY LEACH, 18, grumge look, long hair.  He sits with a of white trashy types, or at least what passes for such a Bay School.  Jimmy appears a bit more genuine, as does... SUZlE TOLLER, a boyish brunette, seated nearby, but with enough space between her and everyone else to mark her as loner.  She studies Sam Lombardo with a dark, sullen star
2) 12) dialog: Hey, man, at least in study hail I could meditate.
2) 25) dialog: Not getting any.
5) 3) text: He watches his class clamber up the docks.  His eye falls the pagoda, the dancing cheerleaders -- Kelly Van Ryan in work-out tights -- bare arms reaching for the sky. EXT. SCHOOL DOCKS - SAM &amp; JIMMY - LATER hosing down boats, stowing sails.  They look up as... A HUGE POWER BOAT glides past.  The docks rock in its wak
5) 4) dialog: All right.  I could party on that.
5) 10) dialog: You know, I want to thank you for getting me into this class...  No way was my old man going to spring for the fees...
5) 12) text: He tosses Jimmy the coiled line.  Jimmy's caught off-guar catches it at the last second, then shares the laugh with
5) 14) text: Sam and Jimmy turn to find Kelly Van Ryan at the far end dock.  She's fresh from cheerleader practice, in a white knotted at the bottom to REVEAL a flat, tanned stomach; o the top to REVEAL the swelling of her breasts.  She favor with a coy smile.
5) 18) text: Sam places the coiled hose on top of a locker then starts dock, Jimmy at his side.  Kelly falls in with then.
5) 25) text: Sam hesitates, momentarily at a loss, then turns to Jimmy seems to regard Kelly with something akin to physical pai
5) 27) dialog: (still looking at Kelly) What?
5) 29) dialog: Yeah.  But I got my bike.
6) 0) text: Sam's Jeep rolls out of the drive, Jimmy's bike in back, that Jimmy and Kelly are squeezed into the passenger seat is fine with Jimmy.  Kelly's thigh is pressed against his arm pushes against her breast.  Kelly is not so happy. As they near the school's entrance, they come upon a beat VW bug -- stalled at a stop sign. A John Deere tractor mower sits nearby.  A groundsman -- black guy with a shaved head, waits at the wheel of the b Suzie Toller -- in black platform shoes, a T-shirt and cu jeans, leans over the engine, fiddling with the car's lin Sam pulls up next to the bug and stops.
6) 8) text: Jimmy turns, waving to Suzie as the Jeep pulls away.
7) 7) text: Sam has already hung a U. Sandra comes through the gate and up to the Jeep. Jimmy is checking her out.  All eyes.
7) 12) text: Sandra looks down her nose at Jimmy.
31) 0) text: Gloria talks with students -- Jimmy, Nicole, others.
33) 0) text: The sky has begun to color.  Art Maddox stands on the gra the end of the channel separating the slips, watching as. A lone sailboat tacks toward the school. ANGLE ON BOAT - SAM &amp; JIMMY Sam drops his sail, leaving himself just enough momentum cruise expertly into the little channel then into the sli Art watches as Jimmy jumps from the boat, ties it off.
33) 2) text: Jimmy hesitates, he wants to say something.  Sam waves hi Jimmy gives Art a hard look and heads for the grass.
59) 21) dialog: I don't believe it...
102) 10) text: Sandra shakes her head, walks off. Kelly turns away, freezes, as she catches sight of -- Ray talking with Jimmy.
103) 0) text: Ray and Jimmy walk along the sand, moving in the directio big rocks.  Jimmy wears sagger shorts, a surfer T-shirt. wears a suit.  He carries the coat over his shoulder.
103) 1) dialog: It's those rocks, up there.
103) 3) dialog: Yeah, sometimes.  Lots of the kids hang out here. (beat) You really think something bad happened to Suzie?
103) 5) text: Jimmy looks at him, surprised, sees that Ray is serious. the idea generates a laugh.
103) 7) dialog: No.  But I mean... just the idea that Mr. Lombardo would...
103) 9) dialog: Yeah, but...
103) 10) text: He breaks off as Ray kneels over a big flat rock.  Ray br away some sand, drapes the sport coat over his arm, takin tweezers and latex gloves from the pockets. Jimmy moves closer, curious, seeing what Ray sees.
103) 13) text: Jimmy looks a little sick, but he takes the money.  He st toward the lot. Ray watches for a moment.  Then calls out to him.
103) 15) text: Jimmy looks at him, trying to make sense of what Ray is s clearly disturbed by the implications.  But he asks no mo questions.  He turns, trudging alone back through the san