2) 0) text: A hundred high school kids sit before a raised, hardwood The students are not unlike the campus, radiant, well-ten veritable sea of adolescent sexuality -- bronze boys who have just come from the boats or tennis courts -- girls i shorts riding high up shapely thighs, as... SAM LOMBARDO strolls out onto the stage.  The man is thir drop-dead handsome.  Dressed not that differently from th in an Izod polo shirt, khakis and boat shoes. His entrance has an effect upon the audience, particularl the girls. KAREN and JANELLE, 16, pretty blondes, whisper then giggl NICOLE, a dark-eyed beauty, 17 but going on 25, watches S walk, then turns to the girl at her side... KELLY VAN RYAN, 17, a fully-developed knockout.
2) 1) dialog: When we graduate the only thing I'm going to miss is... (with a nod to the stage) Know what I mean?
2) 2) text: Kelly's eyes are locked on Sam.  Nicole has to nudge her.
2) 3) dialog: Kelly?
8) 1) dialog: This is it?
8) 5) dialog: Nice.
8) 7) text: Nicole does, before one of the not-so-neat houses.  Sam's Jeep Wrangler is parked in the drive.  Behind that is a r Mercedes convertible.
10) 0) text: Sam goes to the front door, opens it, to find... Kelly and Nicole, holding plastic pails full of rags.  Th are dressed in Blue Bay High T-shirts, cropped to REVEAL tummies, shorts and running shoes.
10) 5) dialog: You mean that isn't yours too?
12) 0) text: Kelly and Nicole, looking very much like the finalists in T-shirt derby, ring the bell. Sam answers.  He looks them over.  A couple of houses dow see the guy with the mower, dumping grass into a can, wat the girls, then turning to walk back to his house.
12) 5) text: Nicole laughs.
12) 8) text: Sam looks at her, as does Nicole.
12) 10) text: He hurries from the room.  Kelly turns to Nicole, giving eye, pointing toward the drive.
12) 11) dialog: (mouthing the words) Are you sure?
31) 0) text: Gloria talks with students -- Jimmy, Nicole, others.
58) 0) text: Suzie, nervous, paces the floor, stops, lights a cigarett The other witnesses sit in chairs along the wail -- the l mower man, cul-de-sac kids, Barbara, Nicole, as...
66) 16) text: She starts crying.  Kirk and Nicole drag her away as a cr gathers. Sam, shaken, kneels over the broken crystal.  Art bends t him pick up the pieces.
102) 4) text: Baxter moves away, greets Nicole and her parents. Kelly puts some room between her and Sandra.