50) 19) text: Gloria starts, then turns to find a woman (RUBY) has walk beside her.  The woman is in her sixties.  She's dressed polyester.  Her hair is piled on top of her head -- too d be anything but a dye job.  A cigarette bobs from her lip Before Gloria can respond, Ray steps up behind than.
50) 21) dialog: (a long beat) Can I help you with something?
50) 24) text: Ruby looks toward the store.
50) 25) dialog: You know the way.
50) 27) dialog: You won't shoot her will you?  I don't believe she's armed.
55) 4) text: Suzie, in the company of Ruby and Walter, pushes past the crews.
60) 0) text: A mob scene.  Video crews are herded to one side by baili Sandra and Baxter, with Kelly in tow, move toward a side Sam and Ken round a corner, followed by Ray and Gloria wh on either side of Suzie. Kelly sees them.  She makes a run at Suzie.  For a moment girls shove and kick but Ray and Gloria are between them hurry, pulling then apart as Baxter arrives to take charg Kelly, pulling her toward the door. Ruby and Walter arrive now too.  Suzie runs to them and t her through the crowd, Walter pushing people aside with h tattooed arms. Gloria heaves a sigh.  Ray pushes a hand through his hair turns to find Sam looking at him.  Most of the press have to follow the girls -- looking for more action.  It is a moment.  The two men lock eyes.
100) 0) text: Gloria and Ray stand in front of the ramshackle wooden bu talking to Ruby.  Walter sits nearby, sharpening a knife.
100) 2) dialog: She's been sayin' she was going to go to L.A.  But I don't know.  I mean all her clothes are still here.  An' she's missin' her graduation. (a long beat) She should graduate.  She's a smart girl...
127) 0) text: Gloria drives up in the white Taurus.  She parks before t ramshackle old building and the gator pen. Walter is in the pen.  Ruby stands just outside of it.  S toward the road as Gloria gets out, then back to the pen. Gloria comes down the bank to stand beside Ruby.  She's j time to see the huge old reptile raise itself, hissing, o front legs, jaws sprung wide.  The women watch as Walter his arm into the gator's mouth.
127) 1) dialog: Gator can't see what's in front of it for shit.  They see out the sides. (beat) That one don't even know Walter's arm's in his mouth.
127) 3) dialog: Then I guess Walter can kiss that arm of his goodbye. (loud enough for Walter to hear) He don't use it for no good deeds anyway.
127) 5) dialog: You come all the way out here to watch Walter?
127) 7) dialog: About Suzie?
127) 9) dialog: (a long beat) He used to come around here.  He had a thing going with one of the girls over at the Glades.
127) 10) text: Ruby nods toward the motel, a bitter smile on her face.
127) 11) dialog: Got sort of hung up on her, from what hear.
127) 13) dialog: No.  Not after that night. (a long beat) I don't know what happened.  Maybe he caught her with some john... All I know is, the next morning the girl was gone and there was a dead boy... Indian kid named Davy.  Used to live down the road there in a wrecked car. Him and Suzie were at the Glades that night. (beat) It was right after that, Ray got Suzie busted and sent her away.  That's what there is to say about Ray Duquette.
127) 15) text: Ruby cuts her off with a short laugh.
127) 16) dialog: Duquette always claimed the kid was dusted, came after him with a knife. But it was Jack's Fish Camp... This could be the moon for all most people care. (a long beat) Wasn't supposed to be like that though. This place was supposed to be something once.  There were going to be roads and houses.  There was going to be a town. They were going to call it Salt Creek.
130) 1) dialog: You asked if Suzie knew about the Salt Creek land deal?  Girl read every book she could find on it, the Van Ryans too.
130) 2) text: Ruby takes a photo album from among the books, opens it, photograph on the bed.  It is one we have seen before.
130) 4) dialog: Wasn't enough Van Ryan had to destroy the people who invested here.  He got to be old, he and his rich cronies would come down here, hunt and whore, act like assholes.  One trip he showed up with this young girl he'd picked up somewhere, gotten her pregnant then dumped her in the swamp. (indicating the photo) That came with her.
130) 6) dialog: She had it, before she drank herself to death.  Wasn't exactly a love child...
130) 8) dialog: Raised her like she was, but no, Walter's my only child. (beat) He was a good boy, till the army took him.
130) 11) dialog: And the other girl, Kelly.  Suzie's niece.
130) 12) text: Gloria stands, a little weary.  Ruby walks her from the r
130) 15) dialog: You okay?
131) 1) dialog: There's an old saying from the Everglades -- virtue may be missed but sin can't hide. (a long beat) Folks pay in the end.