39) 13) dialog: Thank you.
39) 17) text: Why must you run away, Billy? Don‘t i treat you well? As he talks, the dummy’s jaw lowers and shuts vigorousiy.
39) 18) dialog: You do treat me well, mother. The best I could ever hope for. It’s just that...
39) 20) dialog: Well, it‘s just that...it gets so dusty inside that box. It makes me want to...
39) 23) dialog: It makes me want to... Mary whips the handkerchief out of his top pocket, holdin up to his nose.
39) 24) dialog: Ahhhh-chocosoc!! As he sneezes, the handkerchief blows outwards, propelled the force of the sneeze. The audience laughs and claps.
39) 26) dialog: Bless me?
39) 31) dialog: I’m sorry for that, mother. I--
39) 36) dialog: What do you mean, mother? Mary keeps her eyes fixed on the boy. Her and Billy’s voi have lowered. With his new, less sprightly tone, Billy’s now seems malevolent.
39) 38) dialog: But...but that can’t be true. (beat) There’'s no way you'd give me ALL the good lines! Laughter from everyone.
39) 40) dialog: I don’t want to forget it, mother! I think we should show this boy that I’m real.
39) 42) dialog: I refuse ta go on until he believes that I’m real! Mary and Billy’s shouting begins to OVERLAP.
42) 0) text: Richard opens the front door, letting a tall man, who is carrying a familiar VENTRILOQUIST DOLL ~ BILLY - enter th house. They shake hands. Henry watches through a crack in his bedroom door.
44) 3) text: a While he works, Richard keeps looking up to study Billy dummy, sitting in the far corner. The whole room is a mess of paint brushes and tools. Richard sets up an old box camera next to the bench. He a the camera at Mary, clicking off a picture. Henry watches. He leans a little too far forward, knockin mop over. Richard whips his head up, fuming.
67) 18) text: Detective? Audrey swathes the tenebrous cavern with her flashlight. Neither of them dares breathe. Finally, Jamie sizes up the TAUT CLOTH which covers up on side of the dust-choked dungeon. He approaches it, careful. Picks up one corner of it. Audrey‘s heart is in her throat. Jamie RIPS the curtain away... .+-Tevealing a large, GLASS-FRONTED CABINET. Behind the glass, all perched on shelves in neat rows like obedient children, are DOZENS UPON DOZENS OF VENTRILOQUIST DUMMIES Bil of them wearing the exact same tuxedo BILLY wears.
67) 20) text: Bé. The flashlight gives each wooden face a moment in the spotlight. All those sets of eyes...all STARING EERILY at Audrey and Jamie. Jamie finally turns to face the cloth on the opposite sid the room. There appears to be someone or something under Jamie looks back at Audrey, who grips her shotgun. Jamie tears the sheet away. Audrey stifles a gasp. Instead of more wooden dolls, Audrey's flashlight finds a hideously atrophied HUMAN BODY - slumped over, its head b forward. Like all the other dummies, the body is dressed exactly l Billy. Audrey steps in close to the body, examining the hardened leathery flesh of its face. She bends down, trying to get better view.
82) 1) text: 10 ‘o ... past a four-poster bed, shielded by a sheer lace curtain..-past a FIREPLACE, its flames giving off the onl light...to a tall, free-standing closet. The sobbing interrupts him again. It as coming from within the closet. The closet doors open a fraction, a thin blade of darknes separating them. Jamie plays statues, staring at the closet. We can hear h heart beat. He treads towards the closet... «.-closer... +. Closer... -+-standing in front of it. He grips the gun tightly. Takes a deep breath -- —- and throws open the doors. The chime of coat-hangers greets him. A face grins up at him from the back of the closet. BILLY. The sobbing melts into laughter ~ a slow burning cackle. JAMIE FREEZES as he realizes the LAUGHTER is coming from BEHIND him. That’s when a mirror mounted on the inside of the door sh him a terrifying vision. In the reflection, MARY SHAW IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HIM GRINNING. He whips around to face her. She SNARLS at him, her tongue worming across her chest li blood soaked eel.
92) 0) text: Ella stands above the erib, cradling Billy in her arms. i We see an APPARITION rise from within Billy - ENTERING El body through every orifice in her face... ..-POSSESSING HER.