15) 3) text: Jamie ambles up the garden path towards the front dooz, shivering in the cold. He reaches the front door, hesitating. He knocks on it wi the big, brass DOOR KNOCKER at its center. Bad decision? late. i : The door opens, revealing ELLA ASHEN (late 30's). She is ultimate trophy wife; sexy, yet not sc young and dumb tha the pool man thinks he has a shot. She smiles warmly.
15) 4) dialog: Well, this is a surprise. Jamie clearly has no idea who this person is.
15) 5) dialog: I'm so sorry about what happened. I can’t imagine how you must be feeling right now. Jamie looks a little awkward.
15) 6) dialog: Oh my Lord, you mist think I'm s0 rude. She curtsiest and offers her hand, all charm-school manne and southern traditions.
15) 7) dialog: I‘m Ella. I'm your...well, I guess I’m your step-mother. Jamie shakes her hand.
15) 9) dialog: I know, I've seen your pictures. Though you look much more handsome in the flesh.
15) 11) dialog: Is who...? Oh, of course. Yes, he is. Silly me. we uw ‘ An awkward moment.
16) 0) text: Jamie shuffles through the door, Ella behind him. He surv the cavernous surroundings. Oil paintings of stern figures glare down at him, between wall mounted lamps that cast dim pools of light. Ella shuts the door. poke ELLA \ It's freezing out there. A VOICE booms from upstairs. We recognize it as the voice from the phone call with Jamie.
17) 0) text: Ella leads Jamie down a narrow corridor.
17) 1) dialog: I have to warn you, he’s been very sick. He would have looked a lot better the last time you saw him.
17) 5) dialog: " “That's how long it’s been since you two saw each other?
17) 8) dialog: Well, again I have to warn you. You might be more shocked than you think at his...appearance. (beat) I’ll tell him you're here. She takes out a key, unlocking the door. She enters and closes the door behind her. We hear her talking to someone, then:
17) 9) dialog: Come on in, Jamie. Jamie opens the door.
18) 0) text: The theme of the house continues - it‘s dark in here. Jamie takes in the room - and finds what he's looking for Ella was right. A gaunt, male figure is propped up in a WHEELCHAIR in the corner. A plastic respirator covers his mouth, from which draws staggered, rasping breaths. His hands are clawed, a his whole body was drying up. This is CHARLES ASHEN(late 50's), Jamie‘s father. Ella is seated next to him. Jamie stands like he’s in the principals office. He doesn ever look hig father in the eye, a habit he will continue throughout this entire story.
18) 4) dialog: Charlie, that’s not the issue. Your son is here.
18) 6) dialog: Quiet, Charlie. Don't make me wheel ~ you into the closet and leave you there again. Charles grumbles.
18) 8) dialog: Why don’t you sit, Jamie? Jamie shakes his head.
18) 18) dialog: Charlie, I was just telling Jamie how the photo's you have of him don’t do him enough justice. Neither Jamie nor Charles seem to hear this.
18) 23) dialog: Then you're staying the weekend? Jamie doesn‘t answer.
18) 25) text: Actually, Ella and I would like you to stay longer than one weekend. We'd like you to stay for as long as you can.
18) 37) text: Well, take me off it! you don’t get a ‘get-out-of-jail-free’ card just because yon had a stroke. (beat) Goodbye, Ella. It was nice meeting you. He storms out.
19) 0) text: Jamie peels out into the corridor. Ella comes after him.
19) 1) dialog: Jamie, he didn't mean to upset you. Please, would you stay one night?
19) 3) dialog: It hasn‘t been all bad. You've also made a new friend in the last ten minutes. She approaches him, takes his hand.
19) 4) dialog: And I've had the chance to meet someone I've been hearing so many great things about. Jamie pulls his hand away.
19) 6) dialog: Yes, but an old man whose brain is shutting down from mini-strokes would.
19) 9) dialog: You have all the power here. You can walk out, but he can’t come “after you. Why don't you choose to stay and show him that the young boy who left here is now a strono- : willed young man? | She‘s got him.
20) 0) text: Ella flicks on the light, revealing a musty bedroom fille with furniture draped in WHITE SHEETS. Jamie flings his suitcase onto the bed, along with the bo the ventriloquist doll came in. Looks around. More bad memories.
20) 1) dialog: Try to get some sleep, Jamie. She suddenly steps towards him and EMBRACES him. He half accepts the hug, half doesn’t. They separate.
20) 2) dialog: I‘m 60 glad to finally meet you. I'm just sorry it had to happen this way. She leaves, shutting the door behind her. Jamie explores the room, noticing something odd. - There are bars on the windows. Beyond the glass, he sees padlocking the gate. Boz looks up, as if he knew someone were watching him. Fi Jamie and stares straight at him. Jamie pulls the drapes closed.
24) 0) text: Grey headstones merge with the grey sky. The last leaves fall scatter in fear of the oncoming winter. A dozen. of -so mourners hunch together around Lisa's plo including Ella. Charles is not here. A shovel load of dirt is heaped onto the casket. Jamie si in a chair, watching the black lid disappear under the wo soil. Everyone stands opposite him except Ella, who stand directly behind him, her face veiled in black lace. A priest stands over the grave, muttering something so lo that we CANNOT HEAR IT. Jamie scans the faces of the other attendees. None of them cry or make a sound...but they are all stari at hin. Jamie looks away and spots DETECTIVE LIPTON in the distan standing by a tree. Watching. The priest raises his voice ever so slightly; enough that can finally’hear something he is saying.
26) 0) text: Clink. Gulp. Clink. This family dinner is very workman-like: chew, swallow, repeat. No talking. Candlelight dances across the walls as Ella spoon-feeds a very gruel-like substance to Charles, at the head of a lo oak dining table. Jamie sits opposite, eyes down. Finally
26) 1) dialog: Isn't this wonderful? All of us eating here together?
26) 10) dialog: I‘m sorry honey, speak up a little bit.
26) 15) text: SAMIE (cont'd) They had a poem about her, I think. (beat ) Mom used to read it to me. Ella looks up, reacting to the words - if only slightiv. on CHARLES You spent most of your childhood far away from here, in boarding school.
26) 17) dialog: Jamie, would you like something to drink?
26) 21) dialog: Poor old thing. (beat) Jamie, would you like dessert? I made a pear pie.
26) 27) dialog: MO I would love you to stay for lunch, Jamie. You simply must try my walnut cake.
26) 29) text: Jamie slams his fork down. Blank looks from Ella and Char
33) 1) text: ac. Jamie descends the stairs quickly, neading for the front door. He catches sight of Ella, who is busying herself in the kitchen:with pots and pans,
33) 4) dialog: Are you going somewhere? He doesn't answer. EXT. ASHEN HOUSE —~ MORNING The sun rises over Ashen House for a new day. Jamie flings open the front door, rushing towards his car then stops in his tracks. A FALLEN TREE is blocking the driveway. Boz hacks away at it with a saw. Jamie approaches.
33) 14) dialog: Jamie, can I get you to help me with something? I'm just not as strong as I used to be. A twinge of nervousness spreads across Jamie’s face. He l from Ella to the gate like a trapped animal. He chocses t front gate.
33) 16) dialog: Well, when will you be back? I’m fos making lunch. tO Jamie quickéns his pace, not looking back.
57) 64) dialog: Is he in trouble, officer?
57) 66) dialog: We'll keep him here, officer. Thank you very much. Goodbye.
57) 71) dialog: I'll walk you to the door, officer. Jamie goes to the window, staring out through the bars. He hears Lipton and Ella clomp down the stairs, then watc as Lipton exits the house and heads for his car. Then, from somewhere deep in the house, an angry bellow.
58) 0) text: A roaring fireplace licks out at a stately library. Ella walks up behind Charles, whispering in his ear. She spins Charles’ wheelchair around, so that he can see Jamie, standing in the doorway of the darkened room.
58) 7) dialog: Your father and I aren't mad at you, Jamie. We just want to protect you. We care about you.
58) 9) dialog: It's okay.
58) 12) dialog: That’s quite okay. (beat) We're going to have a birthday dinner tonight instead. What do you say? curT TO:
59) 0) text: Candles flicker on a cake, before Ella blows them ail ont Jamie is.once again séated at the end of the table, oppos Charles. and. Ella. He prods his dinner; hasn‘t touched any of it. Looks nerv
59) 1) dialog: I love birthdays. Especially my own.
59) 3) dialog: Be quiet, you. She cuts inte the cake with a large knife.
59) 4) dialog: Would you like some cake, Jamie?
59) 7) dialog: I know this is a very hard time for you, Jamie, but I've always found that, even in a small way, there’s nothing like a piece of chocolate cake to raise your spirits.
59) 9) dialog: One more word out of you and it’s off with your head. Jamie shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
59) 12) dialog: No, darling. Jamie's probably had “enough of us.
59) 16) dialog: oy (singing) yt ..-for he’s a jolly good fellow... I which nobody can deny! Jamie starts to shake, the fork in his hand quivering.
59) 17) dialog: (singing) Which nobody can deny! Which nobody can deny!
59) 19) dialog: You sure you don't want any cake, Jamie? Jamie casts his eyes down, fidgeting.
59) 25) dialog: ~ Charlie, calm down.
59) 34) text: i CHARLES Ko How dare you say that in front of “my wife! Ella can't take it anymore. ‘ ELLA Why can‘t we all just be a happy family for one night on my birthday?
60) 0) text: Jamie storms out the front door, hurling his suitcase int his car. ae Ella comes after him, pleading.
60) 1) dialog: Jamie...
60) 3) dialog: You can't leave, Jamie. I’m afraid oft what will happen if you leave. Re takes off, speeding down the driveway - and SLAMMING O THE BRAKES. The front gate is PADLOCKED shut. Jamie glances in his rearview - sees Boz approaching with garden stake. Sweat pours down Jamie‘s forehead. He reverses the car up -- Boz breaks inte a run. ~4 Ww Jamie throws the car into drive, STOMPINS on the gas and BARRELING through the gates, SMASHING them down and fish- tailing into the night.
60) 4) text: Charles-is sitting at’ the upstairs window in his wheelch Staring. down at the ruined gates. i There's something cold and detached about his look. : Boz slows down, giving up the chase. Ella appears next to him.
60) 6) dialog: Mr Ashen would like to see you. curt To: EXT. “COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGHT The motel’s sign sways in the wind, creaking. INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - SAME ¢ A This ain't the Hilton. o Lipton sits. on his bed, examining Billy. He sits the dummy on his lap, wedging his hand into the b of its head.
83) 0) text: We have returned to an earlier scene, where Jamie first r united with his father. As Jamie stands and dismisses the pleasantries, we ROTATE around to view the scene from BEHIND Charles and Ella. From here, we see Ella operating Charles like a puppet. A talks, we ZERO IN to see that it is Ella‘s throat moving, providing Charles’ carcass with a voice. . CUT To:
84) 1) dialog: Isn’t this wonderful? All of us eating dinner here together? As she says this, we ROTATE around her - seeing that the gruel she is shovelling into Charles’ mouth is not being consumed --- but DRIPPING cut of a hole in the back of hi head like a leaking pipe. cUT TO: INT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT - DAY - FLASHBACK Back to the beginning. The phone rings and Jamie lets it go to the answering machine.
85) 0) text: Ella is on'the other end of the phone, speaking in the vo of Charles.
85) 1) dialog: {as Charles) I only want to say two things. Please allow me to do so. cuT To:
86) 0) text: Jamie reels back from his father‘s solidified body, stunn A shadow FLATS across the wall behind him and he whips around. There is a presence in the room. Jamie follows it with his eyes until his gaze lands on a figure, lying on bed beyond the lace curtain. We see the shadow fall into the figure, which then sucks huge breath, sitting up. It is Ella. She is smiling at Jamie. A motherly smile. She climbs out of the bed, walking towards Jamie.
86) 1) dialog: You don’t have to be afraid of him. He can’t hurt you anymore. cur TO:
87) 0) text: A SPOTLIGHT illuminates Ella, looking very pregnant. We are seeing this in the same style in which we saw the Shaw poem in the opening scene. . As in Mary’s story, a man steps into the light and begins attacking the pregnant woman - though this time it is CHA striking Ella. INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT SLOW MOTION: Jamie backs away from Ella, shocked. He turns and runs, bursting through into -- 103.
88) 0) text: -- the corridor. SLOW MOTION: As he runs, we hear Ella's voice-over runnin over a series of images which MIRROR Mary’s story in the epening scene - all played out in the harsh beam of a spotlight.
88) 1) dialog: He hurt a woman named Ella once, and she lost her baby.
89) 0) text: We are in Jamie's bedroom -- only now it looks more like nursery. Ella is curled in a ball in the corner, weeping, clutchin child’s doll.
89) 1) dialog: After that, she went a little mad...and started hearing my voice.
90) 0) text: Ella takes an axe from the wall of Boz’s shed.
90) 1) dialog: My voice calling out to her... cur TO: INT. MARY‘S LIVING AREA, GUIGNOL THEATRE ~ NIGHT - FLASHB Ella swings the axe, smashing the lock on the trunk which contains the ventriloquist doll.
90) 2) dialog: ~.-telling her that it could give her the one thing she wanted more than anything...
91) 3) dialog: ++-a family.
92) 0) text: Ella stands above the erib, cradling Billy in her arms. i We see an APPARITION rise from within Billy - ENTERING El body through every orifice in her face... ..-POSSESSING HER.
92) 1) dialog: Now Ella is no more. cur TO:
94) 1) dialog: The murder of your wife brought you back here to this house... Jamie suddenly FREEZES. He turns slowly to his right, staring off into the living room. Pure HORROR spreads across his face - whatever he i looking at, it must be a vision of Hell.
94) 2) dialog: +«sbut now I need you to be the perfect child. For a perfect family. We see what Jamie is looking at. If Is LISA. Her decomposed CORPSE is sitting up on a chair. Rotting d clinging to her body. Flesh shrivelled and pale. Mouth ga open.
95) 3) dialog: There's only one thing that can stop her. She picks up the candle beside the bed, leaning a little closer to the boy... -.-who we now see is not a boy, but-- -- JAMIE. He lies still on the bed. Eyes open. Unblinking. A young man, once alive, now just EMBALMED FLESE filled sawdust. A HUMAN DOLL. Through Ella’s ventriloquisn, a voice seems to escape his cold, dead, tongueless mouth.
95) 4) dialog: (in Jamie‘’s voice) What's that, mother? Ella whispers for emphasis.
95) 5) dialog: Silence... And with one breath, she blows out the candle... «»-plunging us into darkness. FADE OUT.