11) 4) dialog: Mister Ashen?
12) 0) text: Cluttered. Must be a busy time. Henry sorts through papers at his desk. He is a good man bad job, with a nervous smile. A worrier. Jamie sits opposite. Henry speaks to him in a hushed tone that Jamie will experience with everyone he meets in Rave Fair.
12) 1) dialog: You, you must excuse Marion, my sister. She’s not well, but she didn’t mean any harm.
12) 3) dialog: These days she barely talks to me. (beat) No such thing as a perfect family, I suppose.
12) 5) dialog: I‘ll just need you to sign where it’s marked. Jamie signs.
12) 6) dialog: Thank you, friend. Henry takes the form.
12) 11) dialog: Oh no, your father is taking care of it all. Jamie furrows his brow, confused.
12) 13) dialog: All of it. He called here and insisted. Said to bill him whatever c it cost. a (beat) NM He's paying for the whole thing. Henry watches Jamie’s shocked reaction.
12) 14) dialog: Be didn’t inform you?
12) 16) dialog: You can check it with him. Are you staying with him while you’re here? Jamie looks down at his shoes.
12) 17) dialog: I'm sorry, that‘s none of my business. Jamie looks up.
22) 0) text: A body bag is laying out on a workbench. Henry hobblee up to it, uncoiling tubes of embalming flui Just another day at the office. He unzips the bag -- -- and FREEZES. The sight is like a slug te the gut. Inside the bag, we SEE LISA’S FACE. It looks exactly as i did when Jamie found her - eyes wrenched skyward, face twisted into a permanent scream, tongueless mouth gaping open. Eerie. A flash of RECOGNITION flares across Henry's face. A long beat passes.
22) 2) dialog: I need to work now, Marion. Marion leaves, walking up the stairs. Finally, Henry moves. He goes to a drawer, taking out a Polaroid camera. He aims it at Lisa's face, depressing the trigger. The white flash transposes into--
25) 17) dialog: Marion, what are you doing? Leave him alone. You know better than this. (beat) I’m sorry, Mister Ashen, she doesn’t know what she’s saying. I apologize, sir. Henry leads her away, berating her under his breath. Jamie, still in shock, looks to the headstone she had bee pointing at. It has decayed with age, vines strangling it. Etched into the rock, the words: HERE LIES MARY SHAW.
36) 5) dialog: Mister Ashen, I would prefer it if you left her alone. Jamie STARTS as Henry interrupts. He stands up, dejected, backing away from Marion.
37) 0) text: Henry peers through the shop-front window, then flips the “OPEN' sign to “CLOSED’, locking the door. He begins ‘pulling the blinds closed.
37) 1) dialog: Thére are things you remember, and there are things you can’t forget. Jamie sits in an old armchair, listening attentively.
37) 2) dialog: Despite the inarguable fact that I am getting on in years, I remember a lot of things from my life. Remember them well, in fact. He turns to face Jamie.
37) 3) dialog: But the look on old Mary Shaw's face when she died...that's something I just can't forget. Henry paces the room, hervous as ever.
37) 4) dialog: What would you say if I told you that, sixty years ago...in this very town...I saw a face that looked exactly as your wife's did?
37) 6) dialog: Her name was Mary Shaw. (beat) The woman who lost her voice.
38) 3) dialog: _ Back wnen I was.a boy, the one horse they had in this town hadn‘t i been shot yet. Some people even said it could become a boomtown, a real cultural hot-spot. And so, somebedy built a grand old theater on the edge of town.
39) 0) text: A cocky young boy of about ten maneuvers his way through plush seats of the auditorium. This is YOUNG HENRY. Young Henry finds his seat, settling on one near the fron
39) 1) dialog: I only ever went there once. The lights fade in the auditorium. A spotlight comes on, singling out an old man in a bright suit, standing on the stage. It is MARY'S HUSBAND, whom w met in the opening scenes.
40) 0) text: It is clear that afternoon‘s events are seared into Henry brain.
40) 1) dialog: Some weeks later, that disbelieving little boy went missing. Gone, without a trace, Eventually the search for him was abandoned and the case left unsolved...but I always felt in my gut that Mary had played some role in it. (beat) I only saw her one other time. He points towards the stairs with a trembling hand.
40) 2) dialog: Down there...in the basement.
41) 0) text: Henry, the young version we just met, tip-toes stealthily down the steps leading to the workroom. He reaches the last step, stealing a glance inside.
41) 1) dialog: I never did find out the exact details of her death. I do know that whatever she looked like when she died...it must have been quite something to turn my fathers head. Aman in a 1940's police uniform stands over a cot, covere by a sheet. Henry’s father, RICHARD (40's), listens to th officer's whispered utterances. The officer lifts the sheet. WE DO NOT SEE. A flash cross Richard's face, a tremor of repulsion he barely contains. looks away. The officer lowers the sheet, handing a thick contract to Richard.
41) 3) dialog: Having a body in our home was nothing new to me. It didn’t give me so much as a goosebump to know that I was sharing shelter with a corpse. (beat) But for the next few days, things were...different around our house.
42) 0) text: Richard opens the front door, letting a tall man, who is carrying a familiar VENTRILOQUIST DOLL ~ BILLY - enter th house. They shake hands. Henry watches through a crack in his bedroom door.
42) 1) text: w o f INT. STAIRWELL, WALKER FUNERAL BOME - DAY -- FLASHBACK Henry pokes his head through the bannisters, spying <he T Man, arguing with his father in the hall below.
43) 0) text: Henry listens to his father work as he lurks down the sta
44) 3) text: a While he works, Richard keeps looking up to study Billy dummy, sitting in the far corner. The whole room is a mess of paint brushes and tools. Richard sets up an old box camera next to the bench. He a the camera at Mary, clicking off a picture. Henry watches. He leans a little too far forward, knockin mop over. Richard whips his head up, fuming.
44) 6) text: The thing that intrigued me the most, though, was not how Mary had - died, or even who she was before she died. It was her final request. Henry sits up, climbing out of bed and padding through th room, past the sleeping figure of his sister, MARION(B).
45) 0) text: Henry creeps down the stairs. He stops after every step h takes, listening to the darkened house.
45) 1) dialog: It was said that, as her last wish, she had asked to be buried looking exactly like her doli. * (beat) To become a doll herself. A low rumble of thunder seems to warn him as he reaches t workroom door. Henry scans - there is no one else around. He takes out a key, unlocking the door. . INT. BASEMENT WORKROOM, WALKER FUNERAL HOME — CONTINUOUS Henry takes a moment. Steps inside. The room's only light-source is a small desk lamp in the corner. In the centre of the room, atop the workbench, is an open coffin. Opposite the coffin, angled to one side in a chai is Billy the dummy. Eyes staring off at the far wall. Henry takes a few paces inside. Keeps watching the dummy. Lightning blinks in the window, casting long shadows. He edges closer, reaching the bench. He gets up on his toes, placing his hands on the edge of coffin, He glances over at the dummy. It hasn‘t moved. He hauls himself up, straining to get a look.inside the coffin. wi uw The light flicks on. Richard stumbles into the room, bleary eyed and angrv. Mary Shaw is but a lifeless corpse once again, lying on t floor like a discarded rag doll. Richard surveys the scene. Turns to Henry.
46) 0) text: Henry gazes at the wall, reliving memories he'd clearly l to forget. Now we know why he’s the nervous wreck he is.
46) 1) dialog: - She‘d had her tongue cut out, apparently. Without her voice...her livelihood...she couldn’t go on. She hung herself. e (beat) f } After that, it was said that her \ ghost would roam Raven‘s Fair at — night, stealing the tongues of those who would scream in her presence. Jamie is silent for a beat.
46) 3) dialog: I think it's better that I don't tell you anything more...and show you instead. Henry gets up and opens a drawer. He takes: out an old, black-and-white photo, handing it t Jamie, along with the Polaroid he took of Lisa. Jamie takes them both -- and they TAKE HIS BREATH. The faded image is of an old woman, her face garishly pai up -- like a doll.
46) 6) text: You took this picture? Henry nods. Jamie charges up to him, furious. Henry flinc Jamie Jamie
46) 8) dialog: I have to take pictures. It‘s part of my business. I can’t work without them. backs down.
46) 9) dialog: You seem to be forgetting that you came to me, Mister Ashen. I never wanted to share this with you. You asked. paces. Shredded nerves.
46) 11) dialog: No, we're not. We're talking about a woman who died three days ago. (beat) Whether you believe in ghost stories or not, you cannot deny what you have in your hands. Jamie stops. Examines the pictures.
46) 13) text: wo or JAMIE (cont'd) (beat) A ventriloguist’s dummy. He turns and drills Henry with a fearful look. JAMIE {CONT’D) It has Mary Shaw's name written on at. Now it's Henry‘s turn to look fearful. Jamie studies the picture of Mary Shaw, THINKING BACK.
46) 16) dialog: Where are you going?
46) 18) dialog: Nobody ever goes up there. (beat) And nobody smart wants to. Jamie opens the door.
46) 19) dialog: If you're trying to find a ghost, Mister Ashen, you‘re going to’ regret it. I promise you. Jamie turns around.
48) 0) text: Henry watches through the window as a monstrous black HEA speeds off down the main street of Ravens Fair.
48) 2) dialog: Son of a... Jamie is behind the wheel.
57) 4) dialog: They weren‘t hers to give. Jamie looks around at the group. Jamie
57) 29) dialog: What is he talking about?
57) 31) dialog: The last time I spoke to him was when we were arranging the funeral.