1) 41) text: Ouch! The voice came from the RITCHEN ©” where a young man is wedged under the sink, wrenching at pipes. This is JAMIE ASHEN (29). We cannot see his face v An earthy, beautiful young woman enters, LISA (28).
1) 45) dialog: Like who? A real man? Lisa grins. LISA - “ I didn’t say that. “
1) 46) dialog: Why don’t you just castrate me and give me a membership to Oprah’s book club while you're at it?
1) 51) dialog: Do you want me to prove to you what -a real man I am right now?
1) 53) dialog: I'm going to, if you stop interrupting me.
1) 55) dialog: Oh really?
1) 58) dialog: Timing. He gets up and goes to the door.
1) 59) dialog: If this is a plumber, you’re in trouble.
1) 62) dialog: She’s inside, I'll sign for it. He signs and takes the package, closing the door.
1) 64) dialog: It‘s a big god damned box is what it is. Lisa takes it and places it on the living room table. She checks the label on the package. It is addressed to her. There is no sender address. Jamie appears, handing her a pair of scissors.
1) 65) dialog: Come on, open it up. Lisa cuts through the tape, opening the box. She claws through a layer of shredded newspaper, revealin cracked and peeling wooden surface beneath. Curious, she reaches inside and lifts out -- -- a VENTRILOQUIST’S DUMMY. The dummy is wearing a tattered tuxedo - a red handkerchi hanging out of the top pocket. It is the doll we saw MARY SHAW performing with in the opening scenes.
1) 66) dialog: What the hell is that?
1) 73) dialog: Wo. A doli is something a child plays with. That is something a man in a raincoat who hears voices in his head plays with.
1) 75) dialog: Can you find out?
1) 78) dialog: He's definitely creepy enough.
1) 80) dialog: Are you serious?
1) 82) dialog: Yeah, well...he can keep trying. A long beat. They return the dummies gaze. Lisa finally turns to face Jamie.
1) 84) text: Are you going to stare at this thing all night or go back to being a handyman so we can make dinner? Jamie looks down at the wrench in his hand.
2) 0) text: Jamie hands over cash in exchange for a bag of greasy Chi takeout.
3) 0) text: Rain cascades down in sheets. Jamie steps out into the downpour, shielding himself with newspaper. The concrete arches of the city loom overhead, trapping a cacophony of NOISE. Car horns blare, sirens shriek, peopl shout to be heard above it all. Jamie makes a break for his car. A fire-truck roars past, throwing water up onto him. He opens the driver's door, setting off'the alarm.
6) 0) text: Jamie skips up the stairs, seems giddy. In one hand - the takeout. in the other - a long stemmed rose. He reaches his door, fishes for his keys.
7) 0) text: Jamie moves. through the darkened apartment to the kitche Dumps the takeout on the counter.
7) 2) dialog: You’re gonna love this. you're gonna be’ glad we didn’t make dinner “ourselves, : He listens. A beat of silence passes.
7) 3) dialog: You’re not talking to me anymore, is that it? He arranges the rice on the plates like he made it himsel
7) 4) dialog: Hello? Lisa's voice answers from upstairs. Sounds strangely detached.
7) 6) dialog: What if I was planning on coming upstairs and making you beg for mercy?
7) 8) dialog: Well, I guess I -- JESUS! HE STOPS DEAD. _ Beneath him, on the living room carpet, is a splotch of BLOOD....in the shape of a foot. He stares at it, then steps forward slowly... seeing a crimson trail of footprints weave through the entire apartment. Fresh. Wet. Red. Instinctively, he puts down the plates and snatches up a kitchen knife. Begins to stalk through the house in their wake.
7) 9) text: What's wrong? Jamie listens. The apartment is
7) 13) dialog: Lisa, stay back! But Lisa is not there. He turns
7) 14) dialog: Who are you? No answer. Trembling with fear, illuminating the figure. It IS LISA. DEAD. to face the intruder. Jamie flicks on the light, Blood seeps from within her mouth, where her tongue shoul be...but ISN’T. Her face is a death mask, molded mid~scre Contorted, horrified - a frozen Jamie cannot comprehend what he shock colliding together on his From somewhere in the abyss, he
7) 16) text: image of terror. is seeing; confusion and face. lets out a primal, tortured a3. f JAMIE Qo NOOOCOOOOOOO!! Libis ys The scream changes pitch, becoming -- EXT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT -- a siren. Uniformed police swarm around the entrance to Jamie's building, clearing a path for a gurney which is loaded in coroner's van. We know the two cops talking to Jamie are important becau they’re not in uniform. Trench-coats and stern looks. Jamie, however, is a million miles away.
8) 0) text: Jamie is slumped at a table. He is a SHATTERED man. Numb the.shock. Zombie-like. Detective JIM LIPTON(47) sits opposite; a picture of hard edged skepticism. A lit fuse. fod LIPTON ‘ Was the victim taking any a prescription drugs of any kind that you know of? For depression or any form of mental illness?
8) 1) dialog: No.
8) 3) dialog: Why are you asking me this? What does it have to do with anything? Lipton drills him with a hard stare. Decides to let it go
8) 8) dialog: Lisa received some sort of-..doll...in the mail that night. She didn’t know who had sent it to er.
8) 10) dialog: I spoke to her.
8) 13) dialog: That can’t be... He meets Lipton’s suspicious gaze. Their eyes stay locked
8) 16) dialog: Yeah. For the funeral.
8) 18) dialog: She was from there. We both were. Her family’s still there. (beat) It‘s the only place she would've wanted to be buried.
9) 0) text: Raining. The apartment is bare, almost empty. ’ i Jamie is collapsed on the floor by the window, his ga reflected in‘the rain-soaked glass. Tears streak down his face.
9) 1) text: The phone rings. Jamie doesn’t react. Let's the call go t the answering machine.
9) 2) dialog: (in attempted unison) Hello? (beat) This might sound like us but you’re actually talking to an answering Machine right now. Leave a message. We love you! A beep. MAN’S VOICE (V.0.) Hello, Jamie. Jamie turns towards the answering machine. The voice is gravelly and slurred, as if it were an effort to talk. MAN’S VOICE (V.0.) I only want to say two things- ‘ Please allow me to do so.
9) 3) text: i Jamie stares at the machine.
9) 7) dialog: Ravens Fair... 7. EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -— DAY A lonely road snakes through the fall-kissed countryside, beneath a grey sky. Jamie‘s car appears over a hill.
10) 0) text: Jamie's car speeds past a weathered wooden sign - WELCOME
11) 0) text: The sun sets over the modest headquarters of the towns deceased. Jamie‘s car pulls up outside and he climbs out, surveying deserted main street. A church clock tower at the end of the street casts its twilight shadow across vacant windows and faceless store fronts.
11) 2) dialog: Excuse me? She helds the raven up and we realize she is talking to i
11) 5) dialog: Yes.
11) 7) text: I‘ve been expecting you. Please, come inside. Jamie fellows him in, ‘watching the woman whisper tc hers in the chair, oblivious to Jamie's presence.
12) 0) text: Cluttered. Must be a busy time. Henry sorts through papers at his desk. He is a good man bad job, with a nervous smile. A worrier. Jamie sits opposite. Henry speaks to him in a hushed tone that Jamie will experience with everyone he meets in Rave Fair.
12) 2) dialog: That’s okay, I wasn’t harmed.
12) 4) dialog: Yeah. Henry hands him a clipboard.
12) 7) dialog: Has she arrived yet? Henry iocoks up.
12) 9) text: Se She arrives tonight. The police have a few more things to... He trails off. Jamie nods.
12) 10) dialog: Listen, I'm sorry to ask this... would it be possible for me to pay in installments. I’m ina bit of a tight spot at the moment.
12) 12) dialog: I don‘t...what is my father taking care of?
12) 15) dialog: No. He didn't.
12) 18) dialog: It's okay. Actually... (beat)
12) 21) text: JAMIE (cont'd) ...do you know of a motel around here? cuT TO: EXT. “COME IN INN' MOTEL - NIGHT The motel sign sways in the wind, the word “VACANCY’ spel out in big, black letters.
13) 0) text: The office is empty. Jamie waits. A sign on the desk says “Ring Bell For Attendance’. He does - but the bell doesn’t make a sound. He taps it a few more times. Nothing. Perplexed, he picks up, inspecting it. A figure appears from a back room, carrying something.
13) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sir. The man emerges from behind the counter, walking straight past Jamie towards the door. He looks like an elementary school librarian. Jamie stops him.
13) 2) dialog: Do you work here? The man nods.
13) 3) dialog: Okay, 50, can I get a room for the night? The man shakes his head.
13) 4) dialog: Are you joking? The man shakes his head again. Jamie is agitated, city- slicker style.
13) 5) dialog: Well, the sign out the front says vacancy. The man just stares at Jamie.
13) 6) dialog: What the hell's wrong with you, man? Aren't you gonna say anything?
13) 8) text: 2i. The man holds up what he is carrying. It is a square of w tin. Stenciled on it, in big black letters, is the word W With that, the man exits. Jamie is dumbstruck. He goes to window, ‘watching the wiry man scale a ladder and begir slotting the NO sign in front of the word VACANCY.
13) 10) text: Jamie sees another figure emerge from one of the motel ro unloading cases from a car, Jamie squints at him. It is DETECTIVE LIPTON. Time for plan B.
14) 0) text: Pale headlights arc across a wrought-iron gate. Jamie's car pulls up. He climbs out. An ageing mansion looms beyond the gate, the grounds arou it carpeted by a lazy fog. Its moss-soaked spires and arc windows suggest an atmosphere one could coin “House Of Us esque’ Jamie STARTS as a figure emerges from the shadows; a hulk man, all shoulders, Cro-Magnon brow. This is the maintena Man, BOZ (30's). He is holding an oil can. He begins to o the hinges on the gate. His arms are covered in grease.
14) 1) dialog: Hey Boz, it’s been a while.
14) 3) dialog: Good to see you're still working here at night.
14) 5) dialog: Patrolling the grounds, keeping them safe from large, dangerous men. Boz doesn’t quite get it. He pulls on the gate, which ope without making a noise.
15) 3) text: Jamie ambles up the garden path towards the front dooz, shivering in the cold. He reaches the front door, hesitating. He knocks on it wi the big, brass DOOR KNOCKER at its center. Bad decision? late. i : The door opens, revealing ELLA ASHEN (late 30's). She is ultimate trophy wife; sexy, yet not sc young and dumb tha the pool man thinks he has a shot. She smiles warmly.
15) 8) dialog: Nice to meet you. I’m Jamie.
15) 10) dialog: Thanks. (beat) Is he in?
15) 13) dialog: May I come in? Ella cocks’ her head in mock disbelief, then steps outsid standing next to Jamie. ELLA ‘ On the contrary, my dear, it is I who should be asking you if I can enter your home.
15) 14) dialog: sure.
16) 0) text: Jamie shuffles through the door, Ella behind him. He surv the cavernous surroundings. Oil paintings of stern figures glare down at him, between wall mounted lamps that cast dim pools of light. Ella shuts the door. poke ELLA \ It's freezing out there. A VOICE booms from upstairs. We recognize it as the voice from the phone call with Jamie.
16) 3) dialog: Well, I’ve heard him now, and I can smell him. Why not ruin one more of my Senses?
17) 0) text: Ella leads Jamie down a narrow corridor.
17) 4) dialog: I probably looked a lot better twelve years ago too.
17) 7) dialog: Yeah. I didn’t even know he'd remarried, to be honest. Ella can’t tell if Jamie is sad about this or not. They reach a door and stop.
18) 0) text: The theme of the house continues - it‘s dark in here. Jamie takes in the room - and finds what he's looking for Ella was right. A gaunt, male figure is propped up in a WHEELCHAIR in the corner. A plastic respirator covers his mouth, from which draws staggered, rasping breaths. His hands are clawed, a his whole body was drying up. This is CHARLES ASHEN(late 50's), Jamie‘s father. Ella is seated next to him. Jamie stands like he’s in the principals office. He doesn ever look hig father in the eye, a habit he will continue throughout this entire story.
18) 2) text: » JAMIE NL Hello, Charles. Charles speaks in a militarily stern manner, struggling t get the.words out.”
18) 9) dialog: I always had to stand in front of father.
18) 11) dialog: Thanks for the charity with the funeral.
18) 13) dialog: = only mention it because I‘m not accepting it.
18) 15) dialog: Because Lisa was my wife, and I lived with her and loved her and I‘m going to be the one who pays for her funeral. So thanks, but no thanks.
18) 17) dialog: It‘s got nothing to do with you. Ella, SMILING as always, tries to break the heated moment
18) 20) dialog: Yes. I know.
18) 22) dialog: Well, the only motel in town was all booked up, 80... Ella lights up.
18) 26) dialog: iocan’t.
18) 28) dialog: I have to go back home and help the police.
18) 30) dialog: Why the sudden need for me to stay here?
18) 32) dialog: Now would probably be the worst time to do that. He sighs, calming down.
18) 33) dialog: Look, I’m thinking it was a mistake coming here. I'm thinking I should just stay somewhere else. Jamie gets up and walks towards the door.
19) 0) text: Jamie peels out into the corridor. Ella comes after him.
19) 2) dialog: I‘ve been here ten minutes and I'm already up to my knees in bad memories. Why would I stay the night and get in up to my chin?
19) 5) dialog: Now I know you‘re bull-shitting. The father I grew up with would never say great things about me.
19) 8) text: Jamie looks away, ashamed.
20) 0) text: Ella flicks on the light, revealing a musty bedroom fille with furniture draped in WHITE SHEETS. Jamie flings his suitcase onto the bed, along with the bo the ventriloquist doll came in. Looks around. More bad memories.
22) 0) text: A body bag is laying out on a workbench. Henry hobblee up to it, uncoiling tubes of embalming flui Just another day at the office. He unzips the bag -- -- and FREEZES. The sight is like a slug te the gut. Inside the bag, we SEE LISA’S FACE. It looks exactly as i did when Jamie found her - eyes wrenched skyward, face twisted into a permanent scream, tongueless mouth gaping open. Eerie. A flash of RECOGNITION flares across Henry's face. A long beat passes.
23) 0) text: -- a bloated moon. It hangs over the house, back-lighting gothic peaks. INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT Blades of moonlight slice through the open window. The la curtains swell and settle in the breeze. The ventriloquist dummy is propped up in a chair in the corner, its head facing the window.
23) 1) text: Jamie is wide awake, staring at a photo of Lisa. The loo his eyes is one of PURE FEAR. CUT To: INT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - FLASHBACK i
23) 2) text: Lisa’s face FLASHES in Jamie’s mind: blood dribbling down chin, eyes wrenched skyward... | .+-dead. INT. JAMIE'S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT He lowers the photo, taking a deep breath and pinching th bridge of his nose. Is he going crazy? He pries his eyes open and sees a cockroach skitter acros the ceiling above hin. A whisper slithers from out of the darkness...so soft it could almost be the breeze playing tricks.
24) 0) text: Grey headstones merge with the grey sky. The last leaves fall scatter in fear of the oncoming winter. A dozen. of -so mourners hunch together around Lisa's plo including Ella. Charles is not here. A shovel load of dirt is heaped onto the casket. Jamie si in a chair, watching the black lid disappear under the wo soil. Everyone stands opposite him except Ella, who stand directly behind him, her face veiled in black lace. A priest stands over the grave, muttering something so lo that we CANNOT HEAR IT. Jamie scans the faces of the other attendees. None of them cry or make a sound...but they are all stari at hin. Jamie looks away and spots DETECTIVE LIPTON in the distan standing by a tree. Watching. The priest raises his voice ever so slightly; enough that can finally’hear something he is saying.
25) 0) text: Jamie drifts away from the crowd. Sees Lipton walking away and hurries to catch him.
25) 1) dialog: Detective Lipton. Lipton stops and turns.
25) 2) dialog: How are you?
25) 4) text: w a f JAMIE LU That’s okay. (beat; overly hostile) Detective, if you den’t mind me . ,asking, why are you here? Lipton studies Jamie, gauging his suspicion.
25) 6) dialog: Okay. Seen anything interesting?
25) 8) dialog: I just didn’t expect you to show up fo all the way down here. oy ' LIPTON ~ I didn’t come for fun, kiddo. I'm here for-the same reason plumber ‘s hang around broken toilets a lot. He walks away, then stops and turns around.
25) 15) dialog: What did you say? Marion points at the headstone, her voice growing louder more fearful.
26) 0) text: Clink. Gulp. Clink. This family dinner is very workman-like: chew, swallow, repeat. No talking. Candlelight dances across the walls as Ella spoon-feeds a very gruel-like substance to Charles, at the head of a lo oak dining table. Jamie sits opposite, eyes down. Finally
26) 3) text: Jamie pokes at his meal -- a soppy and badly cooked roast oe dinner. He looks up. Elia and Charles are staring at h
26) 4) dialog: .. It’s great. Ella smiles. She spoons more goop into Charles’ mouth, ‘t dabs his lips with a napkin.
26) 6) dialog: What's that?
26) 8) dialog: (distracted) Uh, yeah...they are. I can pretty much go back whenever I want. fo A long beat of silence follows, until:
26) 11) dialog: Marion, from the funeral home, she said something to me today...about a woman named Mary Shaw. She said, “Mary Shaw did it.”
26) 13) dialog: I remember the name, though...Mary Shaw. From when I was a kid around f here. (MORE)
26) 16) dialog: I‘m aware of that.
26) 18) dialog: I'm fine. Clink. Gulp. Clink.
26) 19) dialog: So you’ve never heard-of her?
26) 22) dialog: No, thank you. Clink. Gulp. Clink.
26) 23) dialog: I know I've heard her name.
26) 25) dialog: I can’t. (back to Marion) It was just the way she said it...she seemed so...scared.
26) 29) text: Jamie slams his fork down. Blank looks from Ella and Char
26) 30) dialog: I can’t stay! He gets up and leaves.
27) 0) text: Jamie charges out of the front door, breathing hard. A figure catches in his peripheral vision and he stops in tracks. It is Boz, in the distance. He is talking to someone at t front gate. Jamie squints at the second figure through th fog. Qo Detective. Lipton.
28) 0) text: Jamie splashes water on his face, shaken. He has the look a first-day prison inmate - a man with no escape. Ee looks up into the mirror, and is STARTLED to see CHARL sitting in his wheelchair at the opposite end of the corridor.
32) 0) text: A grandfather clock ticks. Tick...tick...tick. INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE ~ SAME Jamie is asleep. A bottle of sleeping pills sits on the bedside table, tablets scattered around it. For a moment, it is only Jamie's steady, rhythmic breathi we can hear... .-.but then another sound is introduced. At first, it could be Jamie -- until it drowns him out. Sobbing. Jamie‘s.eyes flutter epen. He tunes in to the guttural mo His vision adjusts in thé darkness, scanning the room; pa the door, past the furniture covered in white sheets, unt they STOP DEAD on something. A figure is hunched over in the corner by the window, whimpering, its back to Jamie. The figure’s head rests in hands ~ MIRRORING the image we saw of Mary crying in the opening scenes. Jamie BOLTS upright in bed, adrenaline kicking in. He glares at the figure for a long beat.
32) 1) dialog: Ella? Immediately, the sobbing CEASES and the figure stands up, turning around to face Jamie. Shrouded in shadow, it.resembles an OLD WOMAN - her pale catching what little light there is.
32) 2) text: A sudden gust of wind sends the drapes. billowing outward obscuring the woman. Only the old woman's eyes pierce through the sheer lace fabric; eerily WIDE and unblinking. Staring right at Jami Then... -»-the drapes settle, and she is GONE. Heart in his throat, Jamie switches on the bedside lamp a gets out of bed, going over to the window. He checks all corners, finding nothing.
33) 1) text: ac. Jamie descends the stairs quickly, neading for the front door. He catches sight of Ella, who is busying herself in the kitchen:with pots and pans,
33) 2) text: Oh, Jamie, you're up. Would you like some breakfast?
33) 3) dialog: No, that's okay.
33) 7) dialog: What storm?
33) 9) dialog: Okay..-s0, how am I supposed to get my Car out?
33) 11) dialog: How long? 4i.
33) 12) text: KL A day maybe. Jamie can't believe it.
33) 13) dialog: A day?! But that‘s...you can’t... Ella appears in the doorway.
33) 15) dialog: I.-.I would...but I have to go somewhere.
33) 17) dialog: Later...I’11 be back later, IL promise. Boz and Elia watch him go.
34) 0) text: Jamie marches skittishly down a winding, tree-lined road; vein cut through the heart of the forest by men. The forest does its best to claim the land back, gnarled branches over-hanging it and trapping a MIST that keeps J from seeing too far ahead of himself. He keeps going anyway...
36) 0) text: Marion sits in her chair, cradling her crow. Jamie approaches. She doesn’t seem to notice. He kneels down, apprehensive.
36) 1) dialog: Ma’am...I have to talk to you. She strokes the head of the dead bird, smiling.
36) 2) dialog: You said something to me about my wife yesterday...you said a woman named Mary Shaw did it. Marion looks up slowly. Leans forward and whispers in Jamie’s ear.
36) 4) dialog: Who is she? Tell me.
37) 5) dialog: I'd say go on. Henry lowers his volume, as if someone were eavesdropping
46) 2) dialog: You’re telling me that my wife was murdered by a ghost?
46) 5) text: é , Jamie’s eyes switch between the photo of Mary Shaw, KO Polaroid of Lisa. Mary's death face is eerily similar of Lisa‘s; those eyes - like a victim who glimpsed hell before their last gasp. Jamie hélds up the picture of Lisa.
46) 6) text: You took this picture? Henry nods. Jamie charges up to him, furious. Henry flinc Jamie Jamie
46) 7) dialog: What kind of a sick bastard are you?! I brought her here to be . buried, not to be a memento in some necrophilic's photo album.
46) 10) dialog: You're talking about a woman who died sixty years ago.
46) 12) dialog: The night Lisa died...somebody sent her a package. We opened it up, and there was some sort of...dummy in it. (MORE)
46) 13) text: wo or JAMIE (cont'd) (beat) A ventriloguist’s dummy. He turns and drills Henry with a fearful look. JAMIE {CONT’D) It has Mary Shaw's name written on at. Now it's Henry‘s turn to look fearful. Jamie studies the picture of Mary Shaw, THINKING BACK.
46) 14) dialog: Mary Shaw... A few words of rhyme drift back into his memory from the of childhood. He recites them as they come to him.
46) 15) dialog: -..then late one night, when she returned to her room, hidden high above the stage, dark and cramped like a tomb... Jamie looks over at Henry. JAMIE (CONT‘D) She lived at that old theater, didn’t she? The one on Lake Seerie. He throws the photo's on the table, heading for the door.
46) 17) dialog: I’m going up there.
46) 21) dialog: I’m not trying to £21 I'm trying to find ouz what happened to my wife.
47) 0) text: Jamie steps out onto the street. Looks both ways, as if searching for a cab.
47) 1) dialog: God damn it, I need my car.
49) 0) text: Jamie pilots the hearse along an off-the~-map road that i bordered by towering trees. Speckles of sunlight dapple the windshield, peeking throu the branches. Jamie slows down, seeing an old weatherboard house on his left. .
50) 2) text: Jamie continues along the road, which gets darker as the foliage overhead thickens. The dirt turns to mud, squelching beneath the tires. The narrows. ' Jamie glances over through the passenger window, then tur back -- -- and hits the BRAKES! He has reached a DEAD END. At least, that’s what the sign says. The sign also says ~PRIVATE PROPERTY’. Below these words, someone has spray-painted “NO ONE GOES IN...NO ONE COMES OUT!!’ Trees block the road behind the sign like giant wooden sentry's.
51) 0) text: Jamie steps out of his car. He moves past the sign, clawing through the thick brush a stumbling ott onto ~- -- the shore of a swampy lake. A sodden, makeshift jetty juts out over the water - all t remains of the footbridge that once ran to the theater. A small boat is lashed to it with a frayed rope. In the center of the lake is an island, and on that islan .+-1s the Guignol Theater. A lone crow caws in the distance. Jamie steps out into the boat. It rocks as he sits in it. unties the rope and begins rowing out towards the island.
52) 0) text: Jamie alights the boat, tying it to a stake, then stares in awe at the building before him. Like an aging former movie-star, you can still glimpse th glory behind the brittle bones. Tall and imposing, it is obvious someone put a lot of work into this place, but na has stripped away her dignity.
52) 1) text: He approaches the building. Nothing appears to grow on the island - all the trees are skeletal relics, tortured into impossible shapes by starv Dead ravers litter the ground, as if some sort of bird holocaust had occurred. Jamie steps up to the double doors, and then sees somethi on the ground below him. A footprint. It's recent, the mud fading but still clear enough to mak out. The footprints lead to the door. Jamie knocks on it lightly...and it groans open. Somebody has already been here.
53) 0) text: Inside is the same story as out - a palace once grand, no derelict. A curtain of red velvet hangs across the stage; once regal, now moth-eaten. Jamie makes his way down the aisle, scanning around. Shards of sunlight cut in from outside, highlighting orna sculpted statues that gape down at Jamie from the corners the high ceiling, above a huge audience balcony. He reaches the stage, clambering up onto it. He looks around the auditorium. Not a hint of movement. A that we can hear is his quivering breath. He steps behind the curtain.
54) 0) text: It has been a long time since anyone trod these boards. An old piano at the side of the stage is ail that remains Jamie lifts the key cover, tapping a few of the keys. The sound is eerily discordant, neglected by time. Matches th feeling in here. Jamie paces around the stage, seeing a pile of wooden pla in one corner.
54) 1) text: ur © He looks up into the lighting rigs high above him, spotti door which is slightly ajar. Nailed across the door are a random wooden planks, most of which have been torn away. Somebody. has already been here. The only way to reach the door is across a narrow catwalk which runs over the stage like a suspension bridge. Jamie finds a set of stairs which lead up into the lights ascends them, vertigo setting in as he sees the stage bel At the top of the stairs, he takes a tentative step onto rickety catwalk, then scampers quickly across it. He pushes the door open...
55) 0) text: ...entering a short passageway with a rounded door at the of it. Jamie advances, reaching the door and trying the handle. opens.
56) 0) text: He crouches through the portal into a squalid living area Pale shafts of light filter through a window, showing Jam small dinner table, with a crude kitchen in the corner, quilted in spider-webs. In another corner, a threadbare mattress and sheet, next which is a STAGE-MIRROR, framed by light-bulbs. MAKE-UP i spread out on the table beneath the mirror. A shelf on one wall is crowded with assorted junk,. among dozens of STUFFED ANIMALS, SEWING KITS, NEEDLES and JARS EMBALMING FLUID. Jamie goes tc the shelf, picking up a taxidermic BLACK CA face frozen in mid-hiss. Yellow eyes glaring. He searches the shelf further, finding a small doll, wear an old fashioned dress. One of its eyes is missing. His fingers find a string at the back. He yanks it and a voice croaks to life, age slowing it down to a masculine drawl.
56) 2) dialog: Shit... It is a man in Sheriff's uniform, an unidentified woman, Henry -- -- and Lipton.
57) 5) dialog: I must be a popular guy - everyone but the mayor is here.
57) 7) dialog: I don‘t believe this. It’s a derelict building nobody gives a erap about!
57) 10) dialog: Well shit, looks like you got me red handed, Detective. Open and shut case of trespassing. You could push for the chair on this one. 6l. him.
57) 14) text: Jamie lands face down in the mud with a SMACK. Lipton dr- a knee into his back.
57) 17) dialog: I‘m trying to find out what happened to Lisa, which seems to be more than you're doing.
57) 19) dialog: God damn it, I didn’t kill my wife!
57) 21) dialog: Something about Lisa’s death leads to this place.
57) 23) dialog: There waS a woman...named Mary Shaw. She lived in the theater.
57) 26) dialog: Yes, they have. She lived in there and she hung hersel® aftez her husband cut her tongue our. Lipton looks up at the Sherzif, who shakes his head.
57) 28) dialog: Teil them Henry, tell them what you told me about Mary Shaw. Everyone looks to Henry.
57) 30) dialog: Mary Shaw! Tell them! Henry turns to the Sheriff.
57) 32) dialog: You‘re a liar! Lipton eases off Jamie’s back, watching all this with interest. The Sheriff hoists Jamie to his feet.
57) 34) dialog: {to Henry) You know what you said to me!
57) 39) text: I know who it was. She steps up to Jamie. AUDREY (CONT’D) It was you. The Sheriff leads Jamie towards the car. Lipton picks up the axe, examining it.
57) 45) dialog: They‘re lying.
57) 47) dialog: Mary Shaw. They know who she is. Jamie stares off out the window, aware that he sounds cra
57) 48) dialog: The night Lisa died, somebody sent her a package. There was a...doll in it. LIPTON. A what?
57) 52) dialog: An cold ventriloquist’s dummy. And it belonged to a woman named Mary Shaw. A woman who died in that theater a long time ago.
57) 54) dialog: Something's not right about Lisa’s death. I don't know what it is... but it’s there. You said it yourself -.no fingerprints, no signs of forced entry.
57) 56) dialog: That package, that doll, came from here. I want to know who sent it. Lipton furrows his brow, incredulous.
57) 58) dialog: I don’t know...all I know is that ever since I got here, things have been happening to me. Strange things. This place is...suffocating me.
57) 60) dialog: No. I’ve always said that it‘s not where you are, it’s what happens to you while you’re there. {beat ) : I was born in this town. It’s who I am...but all I remember when I‘m here are the daily beatings from my father and the death of my mom.
57) 62) dialog: De this one thing for me. Help me. After that, you can do whatever you " “want. EXT. ASHEN HOUSE — DAY Lipton walks Jamie up the front path towards the front do Boz clears away branches to the side, staring at Lipton. Lipton knocks and the door is opened by Ella.
57) 67) dialog: Wait. (beat) fhere's something I'd like to give to the detective before he goes. INT. JAMIE’S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - DAY The door opens. Jamie enters, picking up the box which he shoved Billy into. He hands it to the detective.
58) 0) text: A roaring fireplace licks out at a stately library. Ella walks up behind Charles, whispering in his ear. She spins Charles’ wheelchair around, so that he can see Jamie, standing in the doorway of the darkened room.
58) 2) dialog: I got caught up. Sorry.
58) 4) dialog: No.
58) 6) dialog: I was trying tc.... (beat; reconsiders) I don’t know.
58) 11) dialog: Happy birthday, Ella. Ella beams.
59) 0) text: Candles flicker on a cake, before Ella blows them ail ont Jamie is.once again séated at the end of the table, oppos Charles. and. Ella. He prods his dinner; hasn‘t touched any of it. Looks nerv
59) 5) dialog: No, I’m fine.
59) 13) text: Come on, we'll sing one for him. Jamie smiles nervously,
59) 18) dialog: Thank you...thank you, that was...very nice. And back to awkward silence.
59) 20) dialog: No, no, thank you. SUDDEKLY - Charles EXPLODES, screaming at Jamie.
59) 26) text: No, I won't. This is the way it’s always been with him. All he does is take. Jamie pushes himself up from the table.
59) 28) dialog: Good enough for what? A hug and a fucking apology? He turns to Ella.
59) 29) dialog: Just tc keep you up to date, Ella, thé last time I saw Charles here, twelve long years ago, I was squinting at him through a black eye that he gave me.
59) 31) dialog: I was a kid, dad. That’s the whole story, end of story.
59) 33) dialog: Toy cars don’t mean shit when you're locked in your room all day listening to you hit mom.
59) 35) dialog: Because of me, that’s why. I'm the ungrateful bastard. So I think I should just go. He storms out.
60) 0) text: Jamie storms out the front door, hurling his suitcase int his car. ae Ella comes after him, pleading.
60) 2) dialog: I‘m leaving, Ella. He jumps inside his car, starting it up.
61) 0) text: Lightning casts long shadows across this field of the dea «sand one living soul. Jamie kneels over his wife’s grave, head bowed. The wind whistles through the trees. Jamie is truly alone
61) 4) dialog: Hello? _ Electronic hiss replies...like breathing.
61) 5) dialog: Hello? &A single word emerges from the white noise, like a cry f help in a snowstorm. LIPTON’S VOICE (V.0.) +.-damie... The line is a bad one - static interrupting.
61) 6) dialog: Detective? The electronic hiss grows louder.
61) 7) dialog: Detective, I can't hear you. You‘re breaking up. Syllables pop in and out, all that Jamie can make out, an then-- LIPTON’S VOICE (V.0.) «-.you‘re innocent... Jamie gets to his feet. Stunned.
61) 8) dialog: What did you say? LIPTON’S VOICE (V.O.) ..-the theater...go...theater «.-Nnow...it's... The hiss drowns his words again.
61) 9) dialog: Detective I'm losing you. Detective? Detective?! The line goes dead.
61) 10) text: Jamie stares at the phone, speechless. He turns and RUNS through the headstones towards his car. INT. LIPTON’S ROOM, ‘COME ON INN’ MOTEL - NIGET A bloodied ‘hand spears out of the CRAWLSPACE door, grabb at the carpet. It hauls a body forward - LIPTON'S body. He gags, lurching forward on his hands and knees, clingin life. He claws his way out of the crawlspace, towards the phone... «..until his body gives in and collapses under him. Then--— --a light falls across his face as the door opens. Lipton eyes widen in terror as a shadow falls across him. An UNSEEN figure is entering his hotel room. Lipton follows the figure with his eyes, blood seeping fr within his mouth. The. UNSEEN intruder picks up the doll calmly, pausing to stand over Lipton. He makes a noise, all that his tongueless mouth will allo throaty bark from deep within his gut. The last noise he ever make. And with that, the UNSEEN figure leaves, taking the doll. The door closes.
63) 0) text: Jamie climbs out of his car, scanning around.
64) 0) text: Twigs crunch underfoot as Jamie steps out onto the lake. A thick MIST hangs over the water like a vaporous blanket obscuring any view of the island at its center. Next to the boat, an olé gas lantern hangs on a post, the flame inside flickering. Jamie takes it and steps into th boat. He pushes off from the jetty. The mist envelopes him. As he rows towards the theater, the soft glow of the lant floating through the thick fog is all that we can make ou
65) 0) text: The theater. It looms against the black sky, daring brave souls to enter it. One such soul steps up to it - Jamie. He clambers out of boat, gawking up at the building. He leans into the open door.
65) 2) dialog: Detective? His query echoes throughout the theater...and then is answered by a distant voice. LIPTON’S VOICE (0.5.) Inside. Jamie hesitates, then pushes the door open.
66) 0) text: By day, this theater is dim...pby night, it is an impenet fortress of darkness. Jamie gropes down the aisle, exploring the auditorium wit the lantern held out in front of him.
66) 1) dialog: Detective? No answer.
66) 3) text: He peers up into the lights. The door to Mary’s living Ko quarters swings open. Jamie ascends the ladder which leads up to it. Cautious, he begins to pace across the catwalk that runs Mary‘s living quarters. He stops halfway across.
66) 4) dialog: Detective? i Again, there is no answer.
67) 0) text: Jamie edges into Mary’s meager lodgings. The room is empty.
67) 1) dialog: Lipton, where are you? He holds up the lantern, swinging it around -- ~- as someone's HAND COVERS HIS MOUTH!
67) 5) dialog: Hold on a minute...
67) 7) dialog: Put the gun down, please.
67) 8) text: Ba. VL You don’t know what you've done, boy. Coming in here. Disturbing the place. . JAMIE. i‘m sorry, I --
67) 10) dialog: Detective Lipton called me, me to meet him here.
67) 12) dialog: Detective Lipton is in here somewhere, I swear it. find? he told
67) 16) dialog: Wait... Jamie steps forward, holding the lantern out in front of Audrey stops breathing, cocking the shotgun. Jamie reaches the wall, examining it with the lantern. f com. He leoks back at Audrey, then holds out his arm -~ -- and instead of hitting the wall, his arm extends. THRO it. . That's because it is not a’wall at all, but a HIDDEN Door disguised by the patterns of the wood.
67) 18) text: Detective? Audrey swathes the tenebrous cavern with her flashlight. Neither of them dares breathe. Finally, Jamie sizes up the TAUT CLOTH which covers up on side of the dust-choked dungeon. He approaches it, careful. Picks up one corner of it. Audrey‘s heart is in her throat. Jamie RIPS the curtain away... .+-Tevealing a large, GLASS-FRONTED CABINET. Behind the glass, all perched on shelves in neat rows like obedient children, are DOZENS UPON DOZENS OF VENTRILOQUIST DUMMIES Bil of them wearing the exact same tuxedo BILLY wears.
67) 20) text: Bé. The flashlight gives each wooden face a moment in the spotlight. All those sets of eyes...all STARING EERILY at Audrey and Jamie. Jamie finally turns to face the cloth on the opposite sid the room. There appears to be someone or something under Jamie looks back at Audrey, who grips her shotgun. Jamie tears the sheet away. Audrey stifles a gasp. Instead of more wooden dolls, Audrey's flashlight finds a hideously atrophied HUMAN BODY - slumped over, its head b forward. Like all the other dummies, the body is dressed exactly l Billy. Audrey steps in close to the body, examining the hardened leathery flesh of its face. She bends down, trying to get better view.
67) 26) dialog: Wait. Then: ‘The dummies whole head moves. It pivots to the right with a click, as if staring off at something. Another head follows...then another...then another. Like SPREADING WAVE, every one of the devilish dolls swivels i head to the right, all FOCUSING on something at the end o the room. Terrified, Jamie and Audrey follow the many sets of eyes what they are all looking at: a FIGURE, sagging in a rock chair in the corner. Another ventriloquist dummy. At first it does nothing...then its jaw moves, ever so slightly. Emits two hoarse, whispered words, in the voice LIPTON.
69) 0) text: Audrey and Jamie are horrified by what they are hearing.
69) 5) dialog: What happened to Lisa? The dummy seems to be revelling in Jamie’s pain. Grinning
69) 9) dialog: What do you want with me?
69) 19) dialog: Destroy all the dolls! He seizes the gas lantern and heaves it at the cabinet. T lantern smashes and the shelves IGNITE. Mary WAILS in pain. The whole cabinet is ablaze. Jamie yanks Audrey towards the doorway. Behind them, the body of the YOUNG BOY begins to move. H head lifts, turning towards them, his arms reaching out a SHAPE begins to LEAK from within him. Stumbling, Audrey and Jamie retreat into -- INT. MARY'S LIVING AREA -~ ‘CONTINUOUS -- Mary's living quarters, and then -- |
71) 2) dialog: Audrey! Audrey's body smashes to the stage below, bones cracking. Jamie dangles high above the stage, his force swinging th rope wildly from side to side. He looks down, seeing a halo of blood spreading around Audrey’s body. oo
73) 0) text: -- the lake. ! Jamie pitches headfirst into the murky moat. He resurfaces, gasping, and begins kicking for the shore. Halfway across he stops, lost in the fog. He whips a look around. Doesn’t know which way to swim. Below him --
74) 1) dialog: Come on, come on! The car roars to life. He stomps on the gas and is gone.
74) 8) dialog: Boz... He spots Lipton‘’s gun on the ground near the crawlspace entrance and snatches it up. He scours around, locating a spare clip of bullets. He ta it, jamming it awkwardly into the gun... ..-and is on the move again.
75) 0) text: Home sweet home. Jamie peers through the gates, which swing in the breeze, oil-starved hinges moaning. ‘ He heaves them open, stepping onte the grounds of the hou The fog curls up around his legs like tentacles. Thonder cracks in the distance, lightning blinking and illuminating the house. He moves toward the garden shed, which is lit from within He swallows and cocks the gun.
76) 0) text: Jamie swings open the door. The. shed is empty, a lantern creaking as it swings in th wind. . Breathing hard, Jamie explores the shed. On the wall, there is a rack of tools, held in place by nails. A hammer, pliers, a set of garden shearse...and a where an AKE should be.
77) 0) text: Jamie edges outside, surveying the dark garden. Not a soul in sight. BOZ’S VOICE {0.S.) Warmer... Jamie hones in on the voice - it is coming from directly ahead, amongst the trees. He takes a tentative step toward it, knee-deep in fog. The shadow of a figure begins to take shape in front of h
77) 1) text: Jamie stops moving and aims the gun, his hand trembling.
77) 2) dialog: I can see you there, Boz. No response. An agonizing beat...then Jamie steps forward again --
77) 5) dialog: No! No! Boz sags in Jamie’s arms as he sucks in his last breaths. He is gone. Jamie fights' tears -- more of anger than anything else. He looks up at the house... «--clenching his teeth and fists.
78) 0) text: The front door lumbers open arthritically. Jamie steps inside. The sole sound comes from a distant clock. Jamie edges forward, holding the gun out before him.
79) 1) text: oo He creeps forward. Tick, tick, tick. The grandfather clock ahead of him goes about its business. There is no. other sound... -..then CRUNCH. Jamie looks down. He lifts his foot, the slime of a dead cockroach stretchi oe the floor. Several other cockroaches crawl up his He swallows his disgust, flicking the insects away. Another cockroach skitters from underneath a door, then another. They are coming from Jamie’s bedroom.
80) 0) text: The door whines open. Jamie fumbles inside. He surveys the room, his eyes panning across the white sh which are draped over the furniture in the room. A cockroach appears from under one of the white sheets. Jamie moves towards it, SEIZING the WHITE SHEET and rippi it away -- -- revealing an old, wooden diaper changing table. A leat bound book sits on top of it. Jamie picks up the book, flipping it open. A lock of hair is taped to the front page. On the next page, an ultrasound photo. Then a tiny footpr Jamie reads the words written on the front.
80) 1) dialog: (reading from book) In memory of Ella and Charles‘ Ashen's daughter...twelfth of August, 2005. He runs his fingers over the diaper changing table.
80) 4) dialog: She lost a baby... Jamie sets the book down and tears one of the other white sheets ‘away -- . -- to unveil a crib, complete with hanging baby toys, dangling above it like circling vultures. He peers into the crib. A huge pack of cockroaches scatter around the soiled shee in it, crawling over each other. In the center of the swarm is a jar, filled with a yellow liquid. Jamie shudders with revulsion as he sees what is in the j IT IS A FOETUS. Curled into a ball and shriveled.
81) 0) text: He steps out of the bedroom, stalking down the hall. The whimpering sobs drift towards him from out of the darkness up ahead. Jamie advances. A light spilling from underneath a door at the end of the hall comes into focus. It is the door to the master bedroom. He approaches it, the crying getting louder as he does.
82) 1) text: 10 ‘o ... past a four-poster bed, shielded by a sheer lace curtain..-past a FIREPLACE, its flames giving off the onl light...to a tall, free-standing closet. The sobbing interrupts him again. It as coming from within the closet. The closet doors open a fraction, a thin blade of darknes separating them. Jamie plays statues, staring at the closet. We can hear h heart beat. He treads towards the closet... «.-closer... +. Closer... -+-standing in front of it. He grips the gun tightly. Takes a deep breath -- —- and throws open the doors. The chime of coat-hangers greets him. A face grins up at him from the back of the closet. BILLY. The sobbing melts into laughter ~ a slow burning cackle. JAMIE FREEZES as he realizes the LAUGHTER is coming from BEHIND him. That’s when a mirror mounted on the inside of the door sh him a terrifying vision. In the reflection, MARY SHAW IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HIM GRINNING. He whips around to face her. She SNARLS at him, her tongue worming across her chest li blood soaked eel.
82) 5) dialog: No. You don’t scare me. Jamie snatches up BILLY, the dummy. Mary HISSES. at him.
82) 6) text: I think you’‘re a bit too old to be playing with dolis. Mary CHARGES at him, arms outstretched -- -- as Jamie HURLS the dummy into the fireplace. The flames CONSUME the doll, the paint on its face bubbli and melting as it is scorched. Mary lets out a SHRIEK heard in hell, her body writhing i agony... -+.and then she is gone. Her scream fades. Jamie sags into the corner, EXHAUSTED with fear. His breath subsides and he closes his eyes. He finally opens them, looking around the room. There is no sign of Mary. The only sound is the crackle o burning wood. Jamie‘s eyes land on a figure in the corner. It is his father. Sitting upright in his wheelchair, he faces Jamie with th stolid expression of a coma patient, hidden in shadows. Jamie gets up. Slow. Locked on his father.
82) 7) dialog: Dad... No answer is forthcoming. Jamie steps closer to him. JAMIE (CONT’D) Dad? He steps closer again, reaching his father. Jamie CLUTCHES Charles by the shoulder —- JOSTLING him.
82) 9) text: Dad?! And then it happens. Charles. flops forward in his wheelchair. Jamie STOPS DEAD. Cannot comprehend what he is seeing.
83) 0) text: We have returned to an earlier scene, where Jamie first r united with his father. As Jamie stands and dismisses the pleasantries, we ROTATE around to view the scene from BEHIND Charles and Ella. From here, we see Ella operating Charles like a puppet. A talks, we ZERO IN to see that it is Ella‘s throat moving, providing Charles’ carcass with a voice. . CUT To:
86) 0) text: Jamie reels back from his father‘s solidified body, stunn A shadow FLATS across the wall behind him and he whips around. There is a presence in the room. Jamie follows it with his eyes until his gaze lands on a figure, lying on bed beyond the lace curtain. We see the shadow fall into the figure, which then sucks huge breath, sitting up. It is Ella. She is smiling at Jamie. A motherly smile. She climbs out of the bed, walking towards Jamie.
87) 0) text: A SPOTLIGHT illuminates Ella, looking very pregnant. We are seeing this in the same style in which we saw the Shaw poem in the opening scene. . As in Mary’s story, a man steps into the light and begins attacking the pregnant woman - though this time it is CHA striking Ella. INT. MASTER BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT SLOW MOTION: Jamie backs away from Ella, shocked. He turns and runs, bursting through into -- 103.
89) 0) text: We are in Jamie's bedroom -- only now it looks more like nursery. Ella is curled in a ball in the corner, weeping, clutchin child’s doll.
91) 0) text: SLOW MOTION: Jamie runs down the stairs.
94) 0) text: Jamie reaches the front door, desperate.
94) 4) text: Jamie SCREAMS - a primeval cry from somewhere in the abys WE CLOSE IN on his mouth until it swallows us whole... +.»plunging us into darkness. We hear Jamie's scream being CUT SHORT by a FLESHY, WET, RIPPING SOUND, followed by THROATY GURGLING. And then nothing.