1) 41) text: Ouch! The voice came from the RITCHEN ©” where a young man is wedged under the sink, wrenching at pipes. This is JAMIE ASHEN (29). We cannot see his face v An earthy, beautiful young woman enters, LISA (28).
1) 42) dialog: Don‘t hurt yourself there, big guy.
1) 44) dialog: Maybe we should just call someone, Jamie. Jamie emerges from under the sink. His young looks match Batman T-shirt - this is one man who isn't done being a b
1) 47) dialog: Yeah, that would be fun. Then we could call up a real man and let him fix the sink while we read. Jamie breaks into a run. Lisa SCREAMS and he chases her i the
1) 50) dialog: Don’t! Please! Jamie sits on top of her.
1) 52) dialog: Yeah - fix the sink, that oughta do it. She bursts out laughing. He tightens his grip on her ams.
1) 54) dialog: Okay, I will. (beat) The only thing is, I'm probably going to need to use it sometime - this year, so... She laughs again. He lowers his face, hovering inches abo hers. They pause, staring into each cthers eyes. yO LISA (oa Never mind. There are other ways you NN. can preve your manhood to me.
1) 56) dialog: Yeah. They kiss passionately. Jamie releases her arms and they around him. They roll over, limbs entwined. This is so on
1) 63) dialog: What is it?
1) 67) dialog: I have no idea. She scratches around through the shredded newspaper, find nothing else inside the box.
1) 70) dialog: Who would send it to me?
1) 74) dialog: I want to know where it came from.
1) 76) dialog: I don‘t know. They sit the dummy on the table. It stares at them with lifeless, black pupils.
1) 77) dialog: Maybe it’s a gift from your dad.
1) 79) dialog: He called again today.
1) 81) dialog: He’s been trying to reach you for weeks.
7) 5) dialog: No. I’m never talking to you again. Jamie grins.
7) 7) dialog: You'd be too late. Jamie takes the plates, walks out of the kitchen.
7) 10) dialog: Jamie? eerily silent. He continues following the trail, the footprints becoming messy ponds of blood. Trembling, he reaches a door, the b disappearing under it. He grips the handle.
7) 11) dialog: Jamie? His chest expands as he heaves in a deep breath. He flings the door open -- revealing a darkened laundry. the shadows, he can clearly make out the SILHOUETTE of a figure, slumped on the floor.
7) 12) dialog: What‘s going on? That time, Lisa’s voice is RIGHT BEHIND HIM. He whips aro to warn her.
9) 2) dialog: (in attempted unison) Hello? (beat) This might sound like us but you’re actually talking to an answering Machine right now. Leave a message. We love you! A beep. MAN’S VOICE (V.0.) Hello, Jamie. Jamie turns towards the answering machine. The voice is gravelly and slurred, as if it were an effort to talk. MAN’S VOICE (V.0.) I only want to say two things- ‘ Please allow me to do so.
22) 0) text: A body bag is laying out on a workbench. Henry hobblee up to it, uncoiling tubes of embalming flui Just another day at the office. He unzips the bag -- -- and FREEZES. The sight is like a slug te the gut. Inside the bag, we SEE LISA’S FACE. It looks exactly as i did when Jamie found her - eyes wrenched skyward, face twisted into a permanent scream, tongueless mouth gaping open. Eerie. A flash of RECOGNITION flares across Henry's face. A long beat passes.
23) 1) text: Jamie is wide awake, staring at a photo of Lisa. The loo his eyes is one of PURE FEAR. CUT To: INT. JAMIE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - FLASHBACK i
23) 2) text: Lisa’s face FLASHES in Jamie’s mind: blood dribbling down chin, eyes wrenched skyward... | .+-dead. INT. JAMIE'S BEDROOM, ASHEN HOUSE - NIGHT — PRESENT He lowers the photo, taking a deep breath and pinching th bridge of his nose. Is he going crazy? He pries his eyes open and sees a cockroach skitter acros the ceiling above hin. A whisper slithers from out of the darkness...so soft it could almost be the breeze playing tricks.
24) 0) text: Grey headstones merge with the grey sky. The last leaves fall scatter in fear of the oncoming winter. A dozen. of -so mourners hunch together around Lisa's plo including Ella. Charles is not here. A shovel load of dirt is heaped onto the casket. Jamie si in a chair, watching the black lid disappear under the wo soil. Everyone stands opposite him except Ella, who stand directly behind him, her face veiled in black lace. A priest stands over the grave, muttering something so lo that we CANNOT HEAR IT. Jamie scans the faces of the other attendees. None of them cry or make a sound...but they are all stari at hin. Jamie looks away and spots DETECTIVE LIPTON in the distan standing by a tree. Watching. The priest raises his voice ever so slightly; enough that can finally’hear something he is saying.
46) 5) text: é , Jamie’s eyes switch between the photo of Mary Shaw, KO Polaroid of Lisa. Mary's death face is eerily similar of Lisa‘s; those eyes - like a victim who glimpsed hell before their last gasp. Jamie hélds up the picture of Lisa.