39) 3) dialog: Where is Billy?
39) 5) dialog: Have any of you seen him? Was it you whe let him out? | She begins to potter around the stage, searching high and low.
39) 6) dialog: Billy? Where did you go? Billy?
39) 8) dialog: I knew you were hiding! She makes out Henry, a few rows from the front.
39) 9) dialog: You there, could you check under your seat for me? Henry reluctantly gets up, peeking under his seat. The cherubic face of a VENTRILOQUIST’S DUMMY stares back him, with the vacant gaze of the dead. Mouth stretched in grin. It is a dummy we know well.
39) 11) dialog: Would you mind bringing him to me? Henry hauls the dummy out from under the seat, carrying h up the aisle to the stage. Mary takes the dummy in her ar
39) 12) dialog: Say thank you, Billy. The dummy's head swivels around slowly to face Henry.
39) 19) dialog: Yes, Billy?
39) 21) dialog: Want to what? Billy leans back, as if he is about to sneeze.
39) 25) dialog: Bleechhh! Shoe!
39) 27) dialog: No, I said Bleechhh-- She holds up her foot.
39) 30) dialog: ~--shoe! You sneezed all over my shoe! The audience laughs again,
39) 33) dialog: Who said that? At first no one admits it...umtil a red-headed boy of abo ten pipes up from a middle row.
39) 35) dialog: What do you say to that, Billy? He doesn't think you‘re a real person.
39) 37) dialog: He thinks you‘re a dummy, and that I'm doing your voice for you.
39) 39) dialog: Just forget about him, Billy. There will always be doubters. 4B.
39) 41) dialog: No, I'm afraid we must go on with the show.
39) 43) dialog: Let me go mother! I just want Nof Sit still, child! Do yo to talk to him! I want to hear me? teach him! The audience break into applause, amazed by the performan »».all except Henry, who shrinks back in his seat, afraid The clapping dissipates, and Mary turns to face the red- headed boy. Her eyes DRILL into his, a grin spreading slo across her face.
39) 44) dialog: Now who’s the dummy?
46) 5) text: é , Jamie’s eyes switch between the photo of Mary Shaw, KO Polaroid of Lisa. Mary's death face is eerily similar of Lisa‘s; those eyes - like a victim who glimpsed hell before their last gasp. Jamie hélds up the picture of Lisa.
46) 13) text: wo or JAMIE (cont'd) (beat) A ventriloguist’s dummy. He turns and drills Henry with a fearful look. JAMIE {CONT’D) It has Mary Shaw's name written on at. Now it's Henry‘s turn to look fearful. Jamie studies the picture of Mary Shaw, THINKING BACK.
60) 52) text: MARY SHAW ~~ so close he can smell ner rotten breath, her eyes burning like candle flames in open wounds. He REELS back in fright, smashing into a pile of stacked junk. The’flashlight falls out of his hand, cutting out. TOTAL BLACKNESS once again. ' We hear Lipton clawing at the gravel. Terror in his voice
60) 54) dialog: {in Lipton's voice) This is necessary. Then silence.
68) 0) text: The red-headed boy is slumped on Mary Shaw’s lap - the de and mummified version of the boy we have just seen. Mary strokes his hair.
68) 1) dialog: Ddn't I treat you well, Billy? Mary then provides the VOICE of the boy - as she would a ventriloquist dummy.
68) 2) dialog: (in the voice of the boy) Yes, mother. The best I could ever hope for.
69) 15) text: sO. Someone is crouching BEHIND the dummy. The new figure beg to rise. It is MARY SHAW. She holds the dummy up in front of her, hiding her face, tongue writhing through the back of the its head and projecting out of its mouth, lolling and flicking at them The tongue is made from SEVERAL OTHER TONGUES -- ALL MELD
71) 1) dialog: (in Lipton’s voice) I can make you scream. She STOMPS down on the metal grill beneath her feet, and force is enough to DISLODGE the catwalk. It pitches downwards, Jamie. and Audrey PLUNGING off it -- Jamie SNATCHES a curtain rope with one arm as he falls. Audrey isn’t so lucky. She SCREAMS as she flails in the a and that’s when it happens. Her tongue begins to separate from her throat MID-SCREAM. LAUNCHES from her mouth in a geyser of blood, Mary Shaw collecting it from the air between them and SLURPING it d like a large, tasty slug.
82) 1) text: 10 ‘o ... past a four-poster bed, shielded by a sheer lace curtain..-past a FIREPLACE, its flames giving off the onl light...to a tall, free-standing closet. The sobbing interrupts him again. It as coming from within the closet. The closet doors open a fraction, a thin blade of darknes separating them. Jamie plays statues, staring at the closet. We can hear h heart beat. He treads towards the closet... «.-closer... +. Closer... -+-standing in front of it. He grips the gun tightly. Takes a deep breath -- —- and throws open the doors. The chime of coat-hangers greets him. A face grins up at him from the back of the closet. BILLY. The sobbing melts into laughter ~ a slow burning cackle. JAMIE FREEZES as he realizes the LAUGHTER is coming from BEHIND him. That’s when a mirror mounted on the inside of the door sh him a terrifying vision. In the reflection, MARY SHAW IS STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HIM GRINNING. He whips around to face her. She SNARLS at him, her tongue worming across her chest li blood soaked eel.
82) 2) dialog: (in Lisa's voice) I ¢an make you scream.
93) 0) text: Charles shaves with a straight razor. Charles spins around to see Mary Shaw. He SCREAMS - his tongue EJECTING from his mouth. cur TC: