6) 0) text: Professor Dirac is lecturing to a graduate physics class. The class is small. The brightest of the bright. There's WALTER, 30s, Chinese. KELLY, 20s, pretty and outgoing. MULLINS, 30s. FIVE OTHER STUDENTS listen, take notes...
24) 0) text: Catherine and Walter walk down the hall... CATHERINE'S POV: MOVING SHOT of Brian leaning against the wall opposite the door to the lecture room. He's looking back at her. Only two of the other students from Dirac's class are here ~- Kelly and Mullins... Catherine smiles at Brian as she and Walter stop at the lecture hall door, stare at a note taped there... (CONTINUED)
24) 10) dialog: That's not all... A couple of Biochemistry's finest are coming with us...
24) 15) dialog: Four o'clock, Walter. Dirac's office... (turns to the ‘ others) I'll have to ditch Pagels again, e and he's not going to like it... (CONTINUED)
24) 23) dialog: (as she leaves) You're a wonderful person... Now Mullins drifts away too, as Brian smiles at Catherine
27) 0) text: Brian, Catherine, Walter, Kelly and Mullins are seated in front of Dirac...
35) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT of the old church as a small van pulls up in front. CLOSER on the van, as Catherine, Kelly, LISA, 20s, Asian, a theologist, and SUSAN, 30s, a quiet student of Radiolog get out. They each carry over night bags and stand staring at the church. CLOSER ON Catherine and Kelly as Catherine looks where * Kelly indicates with a nod of her head. THEIR POV: across the street, by an alley, THREE STREET PEOPLE stand very still, silent, watching them...
37) 4) dialog: Please don't tell me... They put their overnight bags down, look around.
37) 9) dialog: When?
49) 0) text: Kelly is staring at the canister as Brian and Walter hook up a bizarre-looking piece of equipment next to it...
49) 1) dialog: There's a good reason why nobody's opened this thing, right?
49) 8) dialog: Okay, but I still don't understand why we're not taking direct samples. What's the big mystery? Brian gets up, goes over to a small computer terminal nea by, punches a couple keys, calls up line after line of ma blipping across the screen...
49) 10) dialog: Differential equations?
52) 7) dialog: Look at this... Walter comes over, looks out... THEIR POV: SHOOTING OUT THE WINDOW in to the alley just outside between the side of the church and the side of a crumbling brownstone apartment building next door -- FOUR STREET PEOPLE stand in shadows watching the church...
52) 8) dialog: A friend of mine at UCLA did a. study of chronic schizophrenics. They're supposed to have stereo- typed routines they repeat every 20 minutes or so -- like a stuck record in their brains repeating one phrase over and over... I've been watching them on and off all day -- and they don't seem to be making any movements. They just .stand there. .
52) 16) dialog: Yeah -- I banged into something this afternoon... We see Kelly's arm, where a purple splotch like a faint bruise is beginning to show...
52) 17) dialog: It's starting to hurt...
52) 19) dialog: It's a bruise, Walter. You don't bruise from nerves.
64) 2) dialog: Still don't get it, do you Walter?
66) 0) text: as Catherine plops down in her chair. Kelly stands at the door, rubbing her arm...
66) 2) dialog: What would you rather have -- a wreath of garlic? A benediction? A cruicifix...?
93) 0) text: Catherine at her computer, as Kelly steps in from the hal
93) 1) dialog: How can you keep working like this? It's... (looks at her watch) +++ 3:30! No wonder I'm so tired.
93) 3) dialog: I stopped making sense about 15 minutes ago...
93) 6) dialog: Forty-five minutes...
93) 12) dialog: Numb.
93) 15) dialog: Oh, it's just a bruise I got somehow. Finally stopped i hurting... VY Catherine gets up, comes over and looks at Kelly's arm CLOSE: the bruise, which looks darkly purple, discolored, but a vague shape emerging... , ” ote
93) 18) dialog: (rubs her eyes} I've got to close my eyes...
93) 22) dialog: Hello? Silence. She listens, hears nothing.
93) 23) dialog: I'm opening the door, in case you want to stop what you're doing and put your clothes on...
94) 0) text: WIDE SHOT of the room as Kelly opens the door. Empty. She walks in, looks around, then plops herself down on a cot, Calder appears in the doorway behind her...
94) 2) dialog: Give me just fifteen minutes...
106) 0) text: CLOSE on Kelly. Asleep. The sounds of SHOUTS and the PANDEMONIUM from the distant hallway upstairs barely register on her unconscious. CAMERA CRANES UP, and we see Lisa and Susan behind her. J inside the door. Coming over. Set ting the the canister d on the floor silently. Now Susan turns back to the door, quietly closes it... CLOSE: the canister. That steam continues to rise from the lid which is slowly loosening itself. PULL BACK to see Susan and Lisa kneel down on either side of it. CLOSE: Kelly, deep asleep, that bruise on her arm vivid n CLOSE: Susan and Lisa, their faces blank, staring into th dark, steam rising between them...
116) 5) text: THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter, staring out... CLOSE: Kelly's face, and we see a thin trickle of liguid slide up from her cheek and disappear into her lips! THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter. Now he hears a CLUNK, looks over... WALTER'S POV: door to the hall, as Lisa steps into the doorway, silhouetted there! INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter clicks off the flash- light. He stands watching through the grill... WALTER'S POV: Lisa moves into the room. She looks over at the storage closet door, at Walter peering out through the grill, then stops. Stares at him. THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter stares back.
121) 5) text: HIS POV: Kelly unconscious on the cot. Her stomach swolle THROUGH THE GRILL: as Walter looks back over now... HIS POV: Susan and Lisa, just standing there...
122) 2) text: Walter takes stock. He has a flashlight. He looks around. The closet is empty. Should he try going out and fighting his way through? He looks out again through the grill... HIS POV: Kelly. We notice some changes in her face -- . subtle, but unmistakable. Her skin has coarsened. There are dark circles under her eyes. Her lips are dry, cracke INSIDE THE CLOSET: as Walter hears a FAINT KNOCKING at the rear wall. He cautiously moves over, bends down, listens...
134) 1) text: THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter looks out... HIS POV: Kelly. She's in half-light from the window. We see more changes on her face, as if she's slowly rotting away! The swelling in her abdomen has gone down so that her lower body almost looks back to normal. She opens her mouth, EXHALES A DEEP RASP...
137) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly. Back-lit by the light from the window. Her mouth is open in a kind of rictus. We see her strangely blackened teeth, her skin -- ragged and torn...
139) 10) text: INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter stares through the grill... HIS POV: Kelly. Her face has changed further! In this half-light of dusk it's hard to see clearly, but we know clearly that Kelly is decomposing, disintegrating, changi into some unearthly t hing! THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter. It's getting darker, so he clicks on his flashlight, shines it through... HIS POV: Kelly, as the flashlight beam moves across Kelly's prone, motionless figure, up to her face -- and then Kelly slowly turns her head and looks over at Walter Susan and Lisa -- as they slowly turn their heads, look over at Kelly, as a cot near them suddenly slides across the floor on its own!
140) 0) text: Calder, as he turns away from the mirror, sensing that the thing inside Kelly is awake! CLOSE: the priest...
141) 0) text: A FLASH: Kelly, as she looks over toward the door...
143) 0) text: THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter, staring out in horror... AN EMPTY FRAME, and then Kelly slowly rises into it, sitting up, silhouetted by the last of the sunlight. She looks over at Walter...
145) 12) text: Walter, at the door, looking out... HIS POV: Kelly walks up behind Susan and Lisa, staring in at Walter... The storage closet door, as it is hit by a psychokinetic BLAST: a huge je crack RIP: RIPS DOWN THE CENTER! INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter jumps back, rushes to the rear wall, begins frantically digging, slamming his fist into it...- IN THE SLEEPING QUARTERS: Susan and Lisa move forward to the storage closet, begin throwing their weight against the door, CRACKING IT further, SPLINTERING IT partially
153) 0) text: as Kelly stands up IN FRAME, now holding that compact mirror in her hands...
153) 2) text: OVER MIRROR: on Kelly, as she moves her hand toward it... (CONTINUED)
154) 0) text: Full of liquid. Underwater. Almost totally black in here, except for a small square of light ~- the other sid of the mirror, as Kelly's fingers move through, into the DARKSIDE...
161) 0) text: Kelly's face. Intent. Pushing hard. CLOSE: the mirror, as Kelly tries to force her hand furth through, into the liquid surface!
162) 0) text: Black.__Underwater. The small square of light, as Kelly's fingers probe in from our glowing world on the other side But her fingers are in as far as they will go --_the compact mirror is too small...
164) 0) text: As Kelly pulls out her fingers, hurls the mirror down in a fury! . CLOSE: as the mirror, suddenly solid again, SMASHES on th floor! ~~ Kelly, in a rage, now looks over, starts for the door to the hall -- and we see that strange bruise on her arm is vivid now, an exact duplicate of the figure in the old _ Latin book.
165) 0) text: CLOSE: the priest, writhing in agony, the huge boiler sti crushing his leg, as he looks over... PRIEST'S POV: as Kelly walks slowly into the room! She stares over at that mirror hung on the wall, then looks at the priest... CLOSER: Kelly. It looks like a hideous smile on her face, as she opens her mouth. Black teeth. . CLOSE: the priest, as he pulls away, yanking at his leg, trying to free it... CLOSE: the priest's hands, as they grab on to the old tarpaulin and pull... CLOSE: the priest, as he manages to pull himself out from under the boiler and around behind it, away from Kelly. * CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns, staring over... * OVER KELLY: on the mirror, as it undulates, rippling, no longer glass!
168) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly, as she puts her arm up... OVER KELLY: on the liquid mirror, as she sticks her hand through it...
169) 0) text: A_large square of light in the underwater blackness. Now Kelly's hand reaches through, grasping!
170) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly, pushing against some inter-dimensional forc her voice deep ‘and inhuman...
170) 1) dialog: (distorted) Father!
171) 0) text: CLOSE on Kelly's hand reaching through, pushing further i beckoning... CLOSE SHOT: something. A dark shape against underwater blackness. _But there's texture. Slime. (CONTINUED)
174) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly, sticking her hand further and further into the liquid mirror... The priest, as he hobbles to his feet and SMASHES the glass case... The doorway, as Brian dashes in, starts for Kelly... CLOSE: Kelly, suddenly sensing Brian... An old metal locker suddenly leaps up from the floor! OVER BRIAN, as the locker flies across the room and hits him with @ BANG, knocking him down OUT OF FRAME! Brian,:.as he hits the floor, the locker on top of him... CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns her head suddenly, SNARLS AT.. A FLASH OF THE PRIEST: as he raises the fire ax, brings it down!
175) 0) text: FULL SHOT,_as Kelly's severed arm drifts leisurely into the -dark underwater dimension!
176) 0) text: As Kelly turns from the mirror, and another arm suddenly spurts out -- growing out of her shoulder, replacing the severed lil limb! “Her face is a mask of rage and contemp The priest, as he swings the ax again!
177) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly's severed head, back to us, lying on the flo as her hand reaches down, and grabs 1s the hair, lifting head yj up...
177) 2) text: The priest, staring... Brian, pushing off the locker, getting up... FULL SHOT: from behind Kelly, as she lifts the head right back on top of her body... CLOSE: Kelly, seating the head, grinning, eyes staring at the priest... Another locker comes spinning up suddenly off the floor.. And WHAM! It hits the priest, knocking him back... As Mullins, Leahy and Caldér suddenly spring into the roo behind Brian and grab him, pulling him violently over to the wall! As Lomax lurches in, blind, going for the pries CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns now... OVER KELLY: as she plunges her arm back into the liquid mirror...
178) 0) text: Kelly's arm. stretches out into the dark, as suddenly ano arm, _huge,_black, inhuman, rises up, the claws of the ha opening, reaching back for Kelly's handal
180) 0) text: CATHERINE'S POV: Brian trapped against the wall with Mull Leahy and Calder! He fights against them with all the strength he has left... Catherine, Walter and Dirac race into the room, over to help Brian. But that RUMBLING SOUND makes Catherine stop, turn to look... OVER KELLY: the liquid mirror, as Kelly pushes her arm deeper inside, the RUMBLING GROWING! The priest, trying to crawl to his feet out from under that locker, staring at Kelly as Lomax is almost on him..
180) 2) dialog: (distorted) Father... Come to freedom!
181) 0) text: Kelly's hand. Reaching. The huge clawed hand of the Anti- God reaching back. A black travesty of Michaelangelo's Sistine Chapel painting. Their fingers almost touching!
182) 0) text: The RUMBLING is deafening, as Catherine suddenly races forward... As Kelly senses her, turns... As Catherine leaps... Kelly, as Catherine grabs her, propelling them both forward...
183) 0) text: As Catherine and Kelly float through the glowing square, Catherine's arms tight around Kelly, drifting out-into darkness...
198) 0) text: WHAMMO! Brian wakes up. Startled. Disoriented. Eyes flicking around his small, decrepit bedroom. Turns on a light by the bed. Brian sits up. Slides out from under the covers. Sits on the edge of the bed. Can't believe he had the dream again He reaches over to the nightstand, picks up the telephone dials frantically... Now he looks over. BRIAN'S POV: a mirror on the door of his bedroom, no longer a mirror -- a liquid, swimming, rippling! CLOSE: Brian, staring in horror. As he talks into the telephone, we see a shape in b.g. rise INTO FRAME! It is Catherine! Out of focus, but we can still see she's decomposed just like Kelly. She walks toward him...