35) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT of the old church as a small van pulls up in front. CLOSER on the van, as Catherine, Kelly, LISA, 20s, Asian, a theologist, and SUSAN, 30s, a quiet student of Radiolog get out. They each carry over night bags and stand staring at the church. CLOSER ON Catherine and Kelly as Catherine looks where * Kelly indicates with a nod of her head. THEIR POV: across the street, by an alley, THREE STREET PEOPLE stand very still, silent, watching them...
37) 5) dialog: This place gives me the creeps.
41) 0) text: CLOSE: the old book, as it's opened to the first page of Latin. Dirac stands behind Lisa. She's very self-assured, capabl at her computer terminal.
41) 1) dialog: I'mgetting my doctorate in theology. Analysis of ancient scriptures. This shouldn't be too difficult... She stares at the Latin text a moment, then begins typing each phrase from the book into the computer... CLOSE: Lisa's computer screen: "I, JESUS, HAVE SENT MINE
47) 0) text: SEVERAL CUTS: as many small floor lights on stands, like H.M.I. lights, BUZZ ON, flooding the underground church with light. : The group stands in silence staring up toward the front of the church... Only Susan and Lisa are absent... THEIR POV: the canister of ghostly, glowing, swaying liqu looking very much as if it's living...
50) 0) text: as Mullins accompanies Catherine quickly into the room, She's showing him... THEIR POV: now the window is completely covered with moth e@ 64 INT. CUBICLE Lisa translates Latin, as Dirac stands behind her watchin (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: Dirac, the priest, Brian and Wyndham are seated around a table filled with computer pages that are taped together and spread out on one side, while photo copies of the old book of Latin are on the other. Lisa stands indicating various parts of the original text...
58) 1) dialog: This whole section is a kind of history. Part of it was indecipherable, as if someone were deliberately trying to erase it... but I managed to piece together most of it... Walter and Calder now drift into the room...
58) 2) dialog: Okay --.it kind of starts here. The container was buried some- where in the Middle East, eons ago, by -~ it gets a little wild here -- the Father of Satan, a God who had once. walked the earth before man but was somehow banished to the darkside... (CONTINUED)
58) 7) dialog: Apparently the Father buried his son inside the container. This was the section that someone was trying to erase... Now, later on here, Christ comes to warn us. He was of extra- terrestrial ancestry -- but a human-like race...
60) 1) dialog: ++. and finally they determine Christ is crazy, but he's also gaining power, converting a lot of the people to his beliefs. So they kill him -- but his disciples keep the secret and hide it from civilization -- until man could develop a science sophisticated enough to prove what Christ was saying. A long pause. Walter leans over to Brian, whispers...
64) 0) text: The group walks somberly out of the sanctuary into the hall. Some are quiet, moody. Wyndham in particular is derisive, dismissive. A kind of stupor prevails over most, however. Walter comes out, catches up with Lisa carrying her papers and notes back to her cubicle.
68) 0) text: ++. and enters the lounge. Lisa is over by the window, drinking a cup of coffee, staring out. Now she looks over as Walter opens the ice chest, digs down, comes up with a beer. He glances at her...
78) 0) text: Lisa sits there typing away at her computer, still transl ing away... : (CONTINUED)
78) 9) dialog: Hello? Silence. Nothing there.
83) 0) text: Lisa stops typing for a moment, rubs the back of her neck She's tired, exhausted. Now we hear the faintest sound: A CLICKING out in the hall. Lisa turns to look... (CONTINUED)
84) 0) text: as Lisa walks AWAY FROM CAMERA, down the empty hall, into a door...
85) 0) text: ++. as Lisa walks over to a cot in the empty room, sits d slips out of her shoes, crawls into the cot, pulling the blankets over her. Now, in b.g., we see a shadow move by the door! Someone h been in the room all the time, over there in a dark corne Lisa tries to go to sleep, tosses once or twice, settling as the door behind her slowly, silently closes...
89) 0) text: CLOSE-UP: Lisa. Her eyes flick open. She's lying on her back now, waking up from the dream. For a beat she doesn' know where she is... but now she lifts her head slightly, looks down... . HER POV: looking down her own body. Susan is there, almos literally on top of her, straddling Lisa's body, crawling 2B Slowly toward her face like a spider! CLOSE-UP: Lisa. She's so completely stunned that she can' say anything. She just stares. Up into Susan's face... LISA'S POV: UP ANGLE of Susan as she crawls up right over Lisa's face, looking down almost as a lover would stare down at his beloved... CLOSE: Lisa, staring, her mouth finally opening to say something...
89) 1) dialog: Ah, excuse me, but... SIDE ANGLE, CLOSE: Susan. JUST A FLASH: Susan opens her mouth and A THIN STREAM OF LIQUID COMES BLASTING our AND DOWNWARD - -- Tike a frog spearing an insect with its | t CLOSE: Lisa, as the liquid JETS DOWN INTO HER MOUTH, ALL
96) 0) text: HIS POV: Lisa. Seated at her computer keyboard. Typing away. (CONTINUED)
96) 7) dialog: HIS POV: Lisa. She continues to type as if she didn't hea him. CLOSE: Calder. Puzzled. CAMERA PULLS BACK WITH HIM as he starts from the doorway toward her... HIS POV: TRACKING IN TOWARD Lisa as she types... CLOSE: CAMERA PULLING BACK WITH Calder, as he gets closer HIS POV: TRACKING RIGHT UP TO A STOP in a CLOSE-UP of Lis Now we see that she is staring at the wall in front of he typing away, blank, possessed... CLOSE: Calder...
99) 0) text: Lisa holds Calder's head back, as Susan leans in to his face... Her hand touches his cheek -- gently, a lover's touch. Now she leans in closer, and her mouth covers his! CLOSE: Calder and Susan, as if they were joined in the most passionate of kisses. As Susan pulls away slightly, we see a JET OF LIQUID SPEW OUT OF HER MOUTH INTO HIS...!
103) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES BEHIND Lisa and Susan as they walk through the shadows. NOW CAMERA MOVES DOWN to reveal they are carrying the canister between them, and the top is unscrewing ig itself, a vaporous steam escaping!
106) 0) text: CLOSE on Kelly. Asleep. The sounds of SHOUTS and the PANDEMONIUM from the distant hallway upstairs barely register on her unconscious. CAMERA CRANES UP, and we see Lisa and Susan behind her. J inside the door. Coming over. Set ting the the canister d on the floor silently. Now Susan turns back to the door, quietly closes it... CLOSE: the canister. That steam continues to rise from the lid which is slowly loosening itself. PULL BACK to see Susan and Lisa kneel down on either side of it. CLOSE: Kelly, deep asleep, that bruise on her arm vivid n CLOSE: Susan and Lisa, their faces blank, staring into th dark, steam rising between them...
113) 0) text: as Walter comes hauling ass down the hall, checking rooms the lounge, Lisa's cubicle, avoiding the iron door, an empty storeroom -- and finally the Women's Sleeping Quart The door is closed. Walter waits for a beat, opens it, looks in... SHOOTING FROM INSIDE: Walter silhouetted in the threshold staring into the totally dark room...
116) 5) text: THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter, staring out... CLOSE: Kelly's face, and we see a thin trickle of liguid slide up from her cheek and disappear into her lips! THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter. Now he hears a CLUNK, looks over... WALTER'S POV: door to the hall, as Lisa steps into the doorway, silhouetted there! INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter clicks off the flash- light. He stands watching through the grill... WALTER'S POV: Lisa moves into the room. She looks over at the storage closet door, at Walter peering out through the grill, then stops. Stares at him. THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter stares back.
121) 1) text: Inside the storage closet, Walter peers silently through the grill... HIS POV: Now Susan and Lisa both stand a few feet away, staring back at him, standing guard. THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter glances over...
121) 5) text: HIS POV: Kelly unconscious on the cot. Her stomach swolle THROUGH THE GRILL: as Walter looks back over now... HIS POV: Susan and Lisa, just standing there...
139) 10) text: INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter stares through the grill... HIS POV: Kelly. Her face has changed further! In this half-light of dusk it's hard to see clearly, but we know clearly that Kelly is decomposing, disintegrating, changi into some unearthly t hing! THROUGH THE GRILL: Walter. It's getting darker, so he clicks on his flashlight, shines it through... HIS POV: Kelly, as the flashlight beam moves across Kelly's prone, motionless figure, up to her face -- and then Kelly slowly turns her head and looks over at Walter Susan and Lisa -- as they slowly turn their heads, look over at Kelly, as a cot near them suddenly slides across the floor on its own!
145) 12) text: Walter, at the door, looking out... HIS POV: Kelly walks up behind Susan and Lisa, staring in at Walter... The storage closet door, as it is hit by a psychokinetic BLAST: a huge je crack RIP: RIPS DOWN THE CENTER! INSIDE THE STORAGE CLOSET: Walter jumps back, rushes to the rear wall, begins frantically digging, slamming his fist into it...- IN THE SLEEPING QUARTERS: Susan and Lisa move forward to the storage closet, begin throwing their weight against the door, CRACKING IT further, SPLINTERING IT partially
146) 2) text: As the door BLASTS INWARD! Susan and Lisa on the other side, try to crawl over it...! Walter desperately digs away at the wall...
152) 0) text: The hole in the wall, as Walter madly scrambles through into the lounge, as Susan and Lisa's hands reach through right behind him, grabbing af after his feet! “Catherine at the hands with the leg brace, as Walter now grabs a chunk of the wall and beings pounding at their fingers...
159) 0) text: ... where Walter and Catherine struggle with Lisa. She's scratching, swinging at them, but they get around behind her, move her to the window... As Dirac spins around, fighting Susan... As Walter and Catherine push Lisa out the window through the glass! 0
187) 0) text: Lisa, lying on the concrete, steam evapomting like a soft cloud... Susan, lying nearby, the same...