6) 0) text: Professor Dirac is lecturing to a graduate physics class. The class is small. The brightest of the bright. There's WALTER, 30s, Chinese. KELLY, 20s, pretty and outgoing. MULLINS, 30s. FIVE OTHER STUDENTS listen, take notes...
24) 0) text: Catherine and Walter walk down the hall... CATHERINE'S POV: MOVING SHOT of Brian leaning against the wall opposite the door to the lecture room. He's looking back at her. Only two of the other students from Dirac's class are here ~- Kelly and Mullins... Catherine smiles at Brian as she and Walter stop at the lecture hall door, stare at a note taped there... (CONTINUED)
24) 5) dialog: You're not going to like it... THEIR POV: the note: “CLASS CANCELLED. THE FOLLOWING STUDENTS SEE PROF. DIRAC..." A list of names follows.
24) 12) dialog: And someone to translate Latin...
24) 22) dialog: Sleep with him -- get your A...
27) 0) text: Brian, Catherine, Walter, Kelly and Mullins are seated in front of Dirac...
36) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT LOOKING TOWARD the front, the downtown L.A. * skyline in b.g. CAMERA PANS WITH the van as it moves past, revealing Dirac overseeing the beginnning of the careful unloading of the trucks in the rear of the church. Brian, Mullins, CALDER, 20s, a Microbiology major, and WYNDHAM, 30s, a biochemist, begin downloading scientific equipment.
38) 0) text: An old sanctuary on the second floor is being turned into a make-shift scientific lab. Equipment is wheeled in a doorway by Brian and Walter. Wyndham sets up a chemistry lab over on a large table. Mullins sets up a computer.
50) 0) text: as Mullins accompanies Catherine quickly into the room, She's showing him... THEIR POV: now the window is completely covered with moth e@ 64 INT. CUBICLE Lisa translates Latin, as Dirac stands behind her watchin (CONTINUED)
55) 0) text: as Susan the radiologist steps into the underground churc She's transfixed by the sight of the canister o.s. as Mullins comes up from inside the church...
55) 7) dialog: Hadn't you seen it yet?
55) 9) dialog: What? * Mullins glances back at the canister... THEIR POV: the canister, as seen from the rear of the und ground church. The liquid inside seems to be glowing brighter now, almost bubbling -- churning with life...
55) 10) dialog: I'm going topside. He starts out of the church, stops when he realizes Susan is just standing there staring at the canister...
55) 11) dialog: You want me to wait for you?
56) 0) text: as Mullins walks out of the strange hallway into the dank corridor, away from CAMERA... Maybe it was his x footsteps we heard...
68) 3) dialog: What was that about?
68) 5) dialog: Have you seen Susan?
68) 7) dialog: The radiologist. Glasses.
68) 13) dialog: Where? Now Walter comes over... WALTER'S POV: the iron door to the stairway, and now, of course, Susan is not there. The doorway's empty.
68) 15) dialog: I think somebody ought to tell her...
69) 0) text: as Mullins walks down, clicking on a flashlight...
70) 0) text: WIDE SHOT, FROM DOWN THE HALL. As Mullins comes off the stairway in.b.g. «He starts down the hall. CAMERA. PULLS BACK ‘OVER'THE’ ‘SHOULDER of a dark shape standing there. Susan. She watches Mullins for a beat, then darts suddenly OUT OF FRAME... + ee CLOSE: Mullins, slows...
70) 1) dialog: Susan? Silence. No answer. Now Mullins moves off OUT OF FRAME...
72) 0) text: as Mullins comes inside. His flashlight beam spins about eerily... HIS. POV: the church. In b.g. is the canister. Silence. (CONTINUED)
72) 8) dialog: Susan? No answer.
72) 9) dialog: Hello? HIS POV: the church. Maybe we hear that DRIPPING sound * now, far away, just barely there... Now CAMERA PULLS BACK WITH Mullins... HIS POV: SLOWLY TRACKING INTO the underground church... Mullins, CAMERA MOVING WITH him, as he looks around... HIS POV: TRACKING IN CLOSER toward the canister... Mullins, CAMERA MOVING WITH him... He looks down, stops, reaches down o.s. and comes up with Susan's glasses. He * looks around... - HIS POV: as we see a small light on a piece of equipment near the canister flash on and Off... This particular hun Of equipment is big enough for someone to hide behind, actually...
72) 10) text: Mullins, CAMERA MOVING WITH him again as he starts for th equipment... HIS POV: now TRACKING IN TOWARD the equipment, as the red light begins to pulse -- like the familiar warning on a Geiger counter... Mullins, .CAMERA: MOVING WITH him, coming up to the equip HIS POV: TRACK IN on the equipment, the red light, and ST HOLD just.a beat. CLOSE: Mullins, as he leans down slightly, revealing Susa standing there behind him, right behind him! CLOSE: the back of Mullins' head, as he senses her, slowl slowly turns around...
92) 0) text: CLOSER on the canister. The boiling, glowing, drifting flow inside. CAMERA PULLS AWAY, BOOMS DOWN to the equip- ment around the canister on the floor, NOW AROUND behind one of the machines, DOWN to where we see a human arm. We MOVE FURTHER, STOP, to see it is Mullins lying there, eyes open in death, neck broken.
92) 1) text: THE CEILING: as that pool of liquid undulates. Now a couple drops leap downward... CLOSE: Mullins, as the drops splatter and splash on his face, a few of them falling in his mouth!
146) 0) text: As Catherine claws madly at the wall. Dirac looks around, sees a pair of chopsticks from an old box of Chinese food He grabs them, and a can of soda. He begins shaking the soda can wildly. The barricade is pulled off the door... Brian slowly turns the doorknob. Waits. Listens. Pulls the door open slightly, tries to stare through the tiny crack... WHAMMO! Mullins' arm shoots through the crack, grabs Brian around the neck! Brian brings the table leg down on the arm, hard! Mullins lets go, Brian jumps back.
147) 0) text: As the door to the lounge swings open, revealing Mullins standing there, silhouetted by the light from the hall! He steps into the room! A FLASH: as Dirac POPS THE TOP on the soda can! A spray o Coca-Cola... +++ jets into Mullins' face, as Lomax steps out from behi the door, swinging the table leg with all his might! CLOSE, OVER MULLINS, as the table leg connects with the back of his head, BLASTING HIM OUT OF FRAME! And Brian scrambles out the door...
150) 0) text: ++. and Catherine pulls. Walter's head starts to come through... Mullins' form, moving around in the dark, being struck at from all sides by Dirac and Lomax -- a frenzied battle!
155) 0) text: OVER MULLINS, on Dirac, who darts forward and drives thos chopsticks into Mullins‘ neck! OVER DIRAC: WHAM! Mullins spins around, stares at Dirac, pulls out the chopsticks. CLOSE: Mullins, as he opens his mouth, a spray of liquid jetting out! Dirac, as he ducks out of the way... The wall, as the liquid splashes against it, drips down.. The floor, as it rushes across... Mullins' legs, as the liquid leaps up... CLOSE: Mullins. The liquid drizzles up into his mouth aga ANOTHER ANGLE: as Lomax springs up and grabs Mullins, sna an arm around Mullins' neck, pulling him backward...
157) 0) text: as Dirac opens the door, and Lomax pulls Mullins out into the hall...
158) 0) text: +». right into Leahy! He grabs Lomax from behind! Lomax is suddenly caught between the two of them, as Mullins Slips free and turns around on Lomax...
167) 0) text: As Brian gets to his feet, gives Calder a HARD THWACK wit the table leg! Calder goes flying... Brian looks... BRIAN'S POV: Mullins stands up from Lomax's body, turns a stares at Brian... As Brian backs away... CLOSE: Leahy, as he moves his head, coming alive, looking up at Brian from that pool of blood... As Calder slowly gets to his feet... LONG LENS:. through Mullins' legs, as Lomax now sits up, his eyes gone now, gouged out, but coming back to life...
173) 0) text: As Brian comes up to the door to the empty storeroom. Behind him Leahy is now on his feet -- Mullins, Lomax and Calder are coming. Brian looks in the door...
177) 2) text: The priest, staring... Brian, pushing off the locker, getting up... FULL SHOT: from behind Kelly, as she lifts the head right back on top of her body... CLOSE: Kelly, seating the head, grinning, eyes staring at the priest... Another locker comes spinning up suddenly off the floor.. And WHAM! It hits the priest, knocking him back... As Mullins, Leahy and Caldér suddenly spring into the roo behind Brian and grab him, pulling him violently over to the wall! As Lomax lurches in, blind, going for the pries CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns now... OVER KELLY: as she plunges her arm back into the liquid mirror...
186) 0) text: As Leahy, Calder, Lomax and Mullins suddenly collapse on the floor, leaving Walter and Dirac standing there. It is suddenly quiet in the room. Brian finally moves across th room, bends down, stares in pain...
186) 2) text: BRIAN'S POV: the shattered mirror on the floor, Brian's face reflected in the shards... The priest, getting up now, staring... Dirac staring... , Walter, looking down... Mullins face, as liquid pours out of his mouth on to the floor... Dirac looks over... Leahy, liquid on the floor beside his mouth, begins to dissolve, steam issuing forth, evaporating... Calder, a vapor escaping from the liquid on the floor next to him... Lomax, the same... FULL SHOT of the room. Everyone motionless. Like statues. Cp 213 214 215 216