1) 0) text: A tiny bedroom. Priest's. cell. Spare. Moody shadows from the window. A large cross on the wall. THE SENTINEL lies on a bed. He is an ancient old man. His eyes flicker, cloud over... Slowly, he expires. HIS HAND: as he dies, the Sentinel's hand siowly opens, revealing an ornate black box -- sealed -- like a miniatu coffin, which slips between his lifeless fingers... THE FLOOR: as the ornate box lands on the hard wood...
3) 0) text: The door opens an a NUN, 50s, appears. She steps inside the tiny cell... HER POV: the Sentinel lying still as death in his bed... The Nun says something m.o.s., gets no response. Then she looks down... HER POV: that ornate box lying on the floor... AN HOUR LATER: THE PRIEST, 50s, leans over a small table in the corner of the Sentinel's room. He is a strong- willed man, his eyes direct, humorless. In b.g. the Nun watches as the priest reads... PRIEST'S POV: an old weatherbeaten notebook. At the top of the yellowed page is written: “Brotherhood of Sleep". The priest reads on, his brow furrowing... PRIEST'S POV: EXTREME CLOSE-UP. In the middle of a page of handwriting, see the phrases: "...the sleeper wakes... and, right below, "...can no longer keep..."
5) 0) text: A beautiful expanse. Trees. Green lawns. The priest shakes hands with a BISHOP and ARCHBISHOP, two berobed luminaries of the Roman Catholic Church. (CONTINUED)
7) 0) text: The priest stands in front of a huge abandoned church somewhere in Los Angeles. It is immense. Gothic. Its spires sweep upward into the sky. The priest looks at the old abandoned church with a sense of unease...
8) 0) text: A large, dusty hallway. The priest walks slowly along. His FOOTSTEPS ECHO. It's eerie. in here, the sunlight drifting in large, high windows. Now the priest stops at a huge iron door. Extremely old. Mammoth. It looks bomb-proof, earthquake-proof, other Act of-God proof... The priest pauses a moment by the iron door. Then he take out that ornate box, removes the key, inserts it in the l BLACK SCREEN - More TITLES.
10) 0) text: The priest is writing at a table-top computer. He is tense, driven. He finishes typing, punches a couple buttons, and the printer begins CLACKING madly as it type out what he's written... PRIEST'S POV: the printer. An address CLICKS across the page: "Professor Howard Dirac, Feynman Institute of Physi CLOSE ON the priest: he has a distant expression. EXTREME CLOSE-UP: the paper, as the printing element SNAP across: "...of the utmost urgency..." BLACK SCREEN. TITLES.
14) 0) text: Dirac and the priest enter an ornate sanctuary inside the mission. They move away from CAMERA and now the priest tells Dirac something m.o.s. We don't hear, but Dirac is absolutely stunned by what the priest is saying. Alarmed. Then nonplussed. +e te CLOSER ANGLE, to hear...
14) 1) dialog: He died before his appointment with the Cardinal -- but he left a diary... The priest hands Dirac the notebook...
14) 2) dialog: You've got to help us... Please. Dirac searches the priest's expression, finds only fear.. BLACK SCREEN. TITLES.
16) 0) text: as Dirac and the priest step from a limousine and walk to the old crumbling church...
17) 0) text: The priest and Dirac step in to the dilapidated front hal move past some stairs to a hallway...
18) 0) text: They come to that massive iron door. The priest inserts the silver key...
19) 0) text: +.+ and the iron door swings open on to a long stone stai way that leads downward. There are no windows in here. Th priest turns on a flashlight and leads Dirac down...
20) 2) dialog: Only members of this forgotten sect. The Brotherhood of Sleep.
21) 0) text: Now they move down a dank corridor. Dark. Water drips from above. The priest's flashlight beam spins around the walls. They seem to be going deeper and deeper...
21) 1) dialog: This was built in the 1500s. The altar was moved here from England. Before England, it was in Rome...
21) 3) dialog: The guardian priest would keep the secret, and before he died would pass it on to another... They turn a corner... into a strange hallway. There are crosses on the stone walls. Everywhere. The small hall s wet, ancient. Dirac and the priest stop, and CAMERA MOVES IN, PANS, and we see they are standing in a mezzani over looking a huge underground church built deep in the bowels of the earth under the abandoned church above... Now see something glowing in the apse -- a weird yellow glow... It's a container of some kind...
22) 0) text: Dirac and the priest enter the underground church. It is moist, dripping in here. There are literally hundreds of crosses everywhere -- on the walls, on stanchions, on the floor. The priest lights a few candles. Dirac is clearly stunned. They start down the aisle toward the front, CAMERA MOVING WITH THEM. Dirac stares ahead. The priest looks anxious, almost frightened... (CONTINUED)
22) 6) dialog: The original text has been distorted through the years...
22) 8) dialog: Rewritten. Changed. Dirac leans forward, gingerly examines the book...
22) 9) dialog: It's been written on two or three times and improperly erased. You see -~ the original text is still visible -- underneath. Dirac looks back up at the strangely glowing canister. Th priest stares at it, too. There's an unmistakable look on their faces -- dread, fear...
22) 10) dialog: Can you feel it?
22) 14) dialog: It was never there before. It started a month ago...
22) 16) dialog: A change -~ in the earth and sky... His power...
30) 0) text: Dirac and the priest sit in an old office in the abandone church. Dirac has a cot set up in here, his clothes hang- ing out of the suitcase. It's dark, damp -- only low light from a couple lamps...
30) 1) dialog: It your disbelief that powers him. It's your stubborn faith in common sense that allows his deception... It's hard to tell from Dirac's expression whether or not he fully believes all the priest is telling him.
30) 2) dialog: He lives in the smallest parts of it. The atoms. Smaller. Invisible. He lives in all of it, the sum of the parts... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
30) 8) dialog: You must translate the book. You must prove it scientifically, convince the outside world...
30) 10) dialog: No prison can keep him now.
43) 0) text: The priest closes the front doors. Dirac comes up behind him quietly, watches the priest tremble...
43) 2) dialog: Yes...
44) 0) text: The priest leads Dirac, Brian, Walter and Lomax to the hu iron door...
58) 0) text: Dirac, the priest, Brian and Wyndham are seated around a table filled with computer pages that are taped together and spread out on one side, while photo copies of the old book of Latin are on the other. Lisa stands indicating various parts of the original text...
60) 4) dialog: Apparently... a decision was made... to characterize pure * evil as a spirtual force. Evil within. .-The darkness in the hearts of men. It was more convenient. That way, man was * still the center of things... For a moment the priest's depression converts itself into a hard, cold anger...
60) 5) dialog: A stupid lie. We were salesmen, that's all. We soldour product, * to those who didn't have it. Reacting to the sound of his own voice, the priest stops for a beat, his voice lowering... (CONTINUED)
60) 13) dialog: The new life. Reward ourselves, punish our enemies. So we can live without truth. A substance. A malevolence, that was the truth. Asleep. Until now.
62) 0) text: As the meeting starts to break up. A group has gathered around the priest, who sits defeatedly in b.g. In f.g. Brian stands over one of his own experiments -- a polygraph machine on atable with lots of wires dangling out of it. He's staring at the graph as Dirac comes over.
73) 0) text: Dirac and the priest. Alone now. The priest looks completely exhausted. But Dirac looks strong, somehow.
73) 3) dialog: I don't understand.
73) 16) dialog: I heard something... Dirac looks at him. The priest gets up, goes over to the door, leans out, looks. HIS POV: the empty hall. The priest looks down the other direction. HIS POV: empty hall. Now a silhouetted figure moves there very quickly, disappearing out of sight.
73) 17) text: VS As the priest turns back to Dirac... *
73) 18) dialog: Must have been one of the students...
87) 0) text: WHAM! Dirac awakens. Abruptly. Lifts his head from the desk. Looks around. The priest is still sitting there, his face in shadow...
87) 2) dialog: What were you dreaming? (CONTINUED)
87) 11) dialog: Something I haven't told you. The Brotherhood of Sleep. Any- one in close proximity... has the same dream, the one you just had...
90) 1) dialog: Our guardian priests had the dream. for years. (CONTINUED)
90) 8) dialog: A premonition. The dream evolves. Unfolds. We'll start to have it every time we sleep, as if it's pushing everything else out, making room for itself...
107) 0) text: Catherine and the priest kneel over Calder. He's just lying there, barely hanging on to life, his eyes glassy, his ripped throat mercifully hidden by a towel...
107) 1) dialog: Ego te absolve in nomine Patris... The priest stares fixedly -- he can't complete the Last Rites... Catherine looks at him -- his faith is gone...
110) 0) text: The priest, shaken, holding the Roman Ritual, stares down as Catherine kneels over Calder. She feels his pulse, listens for a heartbeat. Then she looks back up at the priest, shaking her head...
115) 0) text: The priest listens at the door. Silence. He turns, looks into the empty storeroom. Not much here. A large mirror on one wall. Some old metal lockers. An old boiler in one corner of the room -- it's pretty large Next to it is an old tarpaulin stacked up against the wal Terrified, the priest hurries over, crawls down behind the boiler...
118) 0) text: The priest, hiding behind that huge boiler, listening now eyes moving. Nothing...
126) 0) text: The priest, behind the boiler. He's still clutching the Roman Ritual. HIS POV: from behind the boiler, we see the door across the room... Suddenly it SLAMS WITH A CRASHING SOUND! A be ANOTHER CRASH AND THE DOOR SWINGS OPEN! Calder steps into the room! He stops, looks around. CLOSE: the ‘priest, staring, barely breathing, making him as small as possible... HIS POV: Calder, as he sees the huge mirror on the wall. He turns, faces the mirror. CLOSE: Calder, staring... OVER CALDER: the mirror, Calder's image reflected there, as he stares into it, hypnotized, almost as if he sees something we don't see... He, too, has become a mute guardian -- of the mirror...
134) 0) text: CLOSE: the priest behind the boiler, looking out... HIS POV: from behind the boiler, we see Calder standing there across the room, still staring at the mirror on the wall...
139) 0) text: The window, as the sun slips down below the horizon. The huge boiler, that tarpaulin plopped against the wall beside it. CAMERA MOVES IN, DOWN, to see the priest behind the boiler... CLOSE: the priest. He has the Roman Ritual open, and he's reading. He looks up... PRIEST'S POV: Calder, staring into that mirror... CLOSE: the priest. Now he begins to read the Roman Ritual aloud, but very, very softly. Whispering an exorcism...
139) 1) dialog: (whispers) God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ... CLOSE: Calder. Either he doesn't hear -- or doesn't recognize the words the priest speaks. He may hear them, but they have nothing to do with the will inside him that keeps him standing there staring at the mirror...
139) 2) dialog: (whispers) I appeal to your holy name, humbly begging your kindness that you may graciously grant us help against this unclean spirit...
139) 9) dialog: «+» now tormenting these creatures of yours, through Christ our Lord...
140) 0) text: Calder, as he turns away from the mirror, sensing that the thing inside Kelly is awake! CLOSE: the priest...
140) 1) dialog: God, Creator and defender of the human race, look down in pity on these, your servants, trapped in the coils of man's ancient enemy, sworn foe of our race...
142) 0) text: Suddenly the boiler moves, of its own will! It slides, presses a aa tent? “inward, SCRAPING LOUDLY, crushing the priest's Pain shoots across his face. 167 168 169 170 87.
165) 0) text: CLOSE: the priest, writhing in agony, the huge boiler sti crushing his leg, as he looks over... PRIEST'S POV: as Kelly walks slowly into the room! She stares over at that mirror hung on the wall, then looks at the priest... CLOSER: Kelly. It looks like a hideous smile on her face, as she opens her mouth. Black teeth. . CLOSE: the priest, as he pulls away, yanking at his leg, trying to free it... CLOSE: the priest's hands, as they grab on to the old tarpaulin and pull... CLOSE: the priest, as he manages to pull himself out from under the boiler and around behind it, away from Kelly. * CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns, staring over... * OVER KELLY: on the mirror, as it undulates, rippling, no longer glass!
172) 0) text: As the priest yanks hard on the tarpaulin, pulling himself out from behind the boiler... As the tarpaulin falls down from the wall, revealing a fire ax inside a glass case!
174) 0) text: CLOSE: Kelly, sticking her hand further and further into the liquid mirror... The priest, as he hobbles to his feet and SMASHES the glass case... The doorway, as Brian dashes in, starts for Kelly... CLOSE: Kelly, suddenly sensing Brian... An old metal locker suddenly leaps up from the floor! OVER BRIAN, as the locker flies across the room and hits him with @ BANG, knocking him down OUT OF FRAME! Brian,:.as he hits the floor, the locker on top of him... CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns her head suddenly, SNARLS AT.. A FLASH OF THE PRIEST: as he raises the fire ax, brings it down!
176) 0) text: As Kelly turns from the mirror, and another arm suddenly spurts out -- growing out of her shoulder, replacing the severed lil limb! “Her face is a mask of rage and contemp The priest, as he swings the ax again!
177) 2) text: The priest, staring... Brian, pushing off the locker, getting up... FULL SHOT: from behind Kelly, as she lifts the head right back on top of her body... CLOSE: Kelly, seating the head, grinning, eyes staring at the priest... Another locker comes spinning up suddenly off the floor.. And WHAM! It hits the priest, knocking him back... As Mullins, Leahy and Caldér suddenly spring into the roo behind Brian and grab him, pulling him violently over to the wall! As Lomax lurches in, blind, going for the pries CLOSE: Kelly, as she turns now... OVER KELLY: as she plunges her arm back into the liquid mirror...
180) 0) text: CATHERINE'S POV: Brian trapped against the wall with Mull Leahy and Calder! He fights against them with all the strength he has left... Catherine, Walter and Dirac race into the room, over to help Brian. But that RUMBLING SOUND makes Catherine stop, turn to look... OVER KELLY: the liquid mirror, as Kelly pushes her arm deeper inside, the RUMBLING GROWING! The priest, trying to crawl to his feet out from under that locker, staring at Kelly as Lomax is almost on him..
180) 1) dialog: NO! Please, God, help us! CLOSE: Kelly...
186) 2) text: BRIAN'S POV: the shattered mirror on the floor, Brian's face reflected in the shards... The priest, getting up now, staring... Dirac staring... , Walter, looking down... Mullins face, as liquid pours out of his mouth on to the floor... Dirac looks over... Leahy, liquid on the floor beside his mouth, begins to dissolve, steam issuing forth, evaporating... Calder, a vapor escaping from the liquid on the floor next to him... Lomax, the same... FULL SHOT of the room. Everyone motionless. Like statues. Cp 213 214 215 216
191) 0) text: As Dirac and Brian help the priest slowly down the hall..
193) 0) text: The priest lies on a gurney. PARAMEDICS finish strapping him in. He glances over at Dirac. Dirac comes over, touches the priest's arm.
193) 1) dialog: Maybe we've stopped it here. Maybe that future won't happen now... d 7
194) 0) text: CLOSE TRACKING WITH the priest on the gurney as he is wheeled toward the front... There is something about his face -- he's at peace now...