9) 2) dialog: Good morning, ladies--and gentleman. I see a gentleman right there! He points to the audience. A camera swings to get a shot man in the front row.
9) 3) dialog: Good morning!
9) 5) dialog: Good morning: Boy, I tell ya, it is a good morning with this audience! (applause) Today Dr. Lababera will tell us what you can do to prevent urinary tract infections in your cat. Lelaina stands off-stage holding up the cud cards for Gra her stands DAMIEN BROOKS, 30, a black co-worker who wears be un
9) 6) dialog: We'll also be visiting with a man right here from Houston who is battling Alzheimer’s. A beautiful story of the triumph of the human spirit. Grant wipes at his eyes, choked up.
9) 8) dialog: Now, let's take a peek inside our Video View, and see what we have in store for today. Grant walks to a standing bookshelf, which holds videocas pulls one out, looks at it and feigns surprise:
9) 9) dialog: It's a special report on children's birthday party themes. Taped on location at eight-year old Timmy Rohbin's party exclusively for our Video View collection. Grant walks over and sits on the couch.
9) 10) dialog: So come sit with me. Relax. Have a cup o'joe. He reaches for his coffee mug. It isn't there. He looks a it’s nowhere. He looks into the camera, scared like an an in headlights. He skips three bears.
9) 12) dialog: Anyway--it's gonna be a good morning! (big applause) You're beauciful! The THEME MUSIC starts up. A BUZZER sounds.
9) 14) dialog: Am I here to amuse you, Miss Pierce? Am I here to make you laugh? Is that the real reason I'm on this show?
9) 16) dialog: I don't have time for your little mind games. Just remember, we're laying people off, and = can find an intern who will do your job for free like that! Grant storms back towards the set. Lelaina looks at Cardo worried. He puts a supportive hand on her shoulder.
18) 0) text: Lelaina is proudly watching her video on the monitor. She toggle to rewind--when Grant enters, tight-lipped.
18) 2) dialog: (totally ignores that) I need my questions. She expected that. She hands him a sheet of paper.
18) 4) dialog: Just give me my questions. Lelaina shakes her head and gives him a stack of index ca
19) 0) text: Grant is on stage with a guest, a newspaper EDITOR: their is in progress. Lelaina stands next to Damien, following her clipboard.
19) 2) dialog: (reads cards) The Posn seems alot more liberal than the Chronicle. How do you feel abour that?
19) 3) text: How do you feel about it? Grant looks at the cards, kind of laughs.
19) 5) dialog: {not off cards) I think... it's... Cardouche holds his breath. Grant is unprepared for this; around. Lelaina runs into his line of sight. She gives hi up and neds, exaggerated, as if to a chimp. Grant mimics her, mods and gives an exaggerated thumbs-up audience applauds. The editor smirks. Cardouche finally b He puts a thankful hand on Lelaina's shoulder.
29) 0) text: The monitor goes black. Cardouche and Grant are sitting i dressing room, watching the TV. Cardouche smiles, impress tape. Lelaina waits nervously.
29) 1) dialog: You can forget it. Lelaina looks to Cardouche, panicked. CARDOUCHE ; . Grant, come on, it's an incredible--
29) 2) dialog: -7It's junk. Depressing junk. You know my rules for the Video View: Light and perky.
29) 6) dialog: Besides, having to stare at that girl's fat thighs all day would make me ill. Lelaina, confused, looks at her rather thin thighs. She l co see if amyone else heard the comment: nobody. ee “i
29) 7) dialog: dust get rid of her like I asked you to do in the first place.
30) 0) text: The show is at a commercial break. Grant is on-stage, a w over his face as he repeats his mantra:
30) 1) dialog: If I don't know where to go, I'll get there, if I don't know where to go I'll get there-~- Lelaina sets a book and notecards in his lap. He removes and stares at her stonily. She just smiles sweetly and wa LIBBY CUMBA is ushered into the guest spot. The THEME MUS up.
30) 2) dialog: (holds up book) With us today is Libby Cumba, the author of this book, iid’ ==: : (reads off notecard) Good morning, Libby.
30) 4) dialog: Good morning. Now, Libby... (reads off notecard) I'm concerned with self-esteem. Personally, I've always had an odd preference for very, very young giris-- ~-Libby's eyes widen as Grant realizes what he's just rea clears his throat. Cardouche's cigar falls out of his mou sprints off. Lelaina and Damien are trying not to laugh. turns the notecard over and tries to laugh lightly.
30) 5) dialog: What I mean is, uh... (off notecard) Being a total prick-- (goes for a save) ~«kly... pear. Grant stops, clears his throat again. He puts away the ca smiles at the confused guest.
30) 6) dialog: (not off cards) , Good morning. (she stares at him) 48 So... um... Do you like writing books?
30) 8) dialog: ...Good. Um, very good. That's... yeah. I like, uh... Maybe we... Let's welcome this audience again. (to audience) Good morning! Silence. Except for Lelaina's and Damien's laughter.
31) 0) text: A very composed Lelaina sits in the hot seat in front of Cardouche and Grant sit on the desk, staring at her.
31) 2) dialog: i didn't hear anyone say anything about *thighs.* Did you, Rich?