0) 5) dialog: We know you slept your way to the podium. She rolls her eyes and turns around to find TROY DYER, ro handsome, early twenties. He wears jeans and a t-shirt wi Button-down over it, A lit cigarette dangles from his mou one thing sharper than his mind is his tongue.
0) 16) dialog: B.F.D. I'm through with the whole wank-a-rama. He tosses the tassel over his shoulder and off the buildi
0) 22) dialog: I want to feel the inside of a black hole before I die.
0) 25) dialog: And I'd like to buy them all a Coke. Lelaina smirks, annoyed, but half-expected that.
0) 27) dialog: Three words: November sixteenth, nineteen- ninety--
0) 30) dialog: ~-You were begging--
0) 34) dialog: Hey, a career is not happiness... or is it “happiness is not a career"?
0) 41) dialog: She's toast.
1) 0) text: --Dead silence. Everyone is sitting at a table: Troy and on one side; PAT PIERCE (early 50's), Lelaina's successfu dad, is at the head of the table, and CYNTHIA NICKLE (40' Lelaina's attractive mom, is at the other end. CAROL ANN (40's), Pat's clipped, business-like second wife, sits at right. DALE NICKLE, barely thirty, Cynthia's rough-lookin sits at her left. They are eating, staring into their pla Lelaina sips her Diet Coke...
1) 4) dialog: Very hip. Very PC.
1) 21) dialog: (devilish) dust think of all those starving children in Africa who don't even have cars--
1) 24) dialog: Actually, my dad's dying of cancer so I don't really trouble him for gifts. A silence beaches itself on the table for a moment: Dale one who continues to eat.
3) 0) text: Troy and Lelaina are in her Olds Cutlas. Troy tries to pu on the floorboard. which is covered with empty Diet Coke clatter around. She fishes in her big purse for keys; she Troy reads her like a book. TROY . Lelaina. Don't. Don't let them do it to you. Not today.
3) 2) dialog: It‘s the same meta-farcical Mardi-Gras with my parents. The difference is, I don't care because I don't try to run it.
3) 4) dialog: Just forget them. Come on, this is your day. You just graduated. You don't need your parents anymore. You got the Mobil card, you got the beamer, under some duress, and I say fuck ‘em. Lelaina thinks about that, realizes it's true. (buoyed) That's true. I don't need them anymore--
3) 5) dialog: --Like an aneurism, you need them.
3) 8) text: She takes a drag as Troy sighs--
3) 9) dialog: There's nothing more beautiful than a generarion Passing the torch. ~-She stops, trying not to choke on the smoke as she laug laughs with her. She hits Troy, playfully angry:
3) 11) dialog: Hey, I have an idea--Why not have a Diet Coke? You've only had twelve today. (she pops one open) I've always wanted to ask you something: Is your urine carbonated?
3) 13) dialog: Wonder Twins power activate! The driving beat of Lou Reed's *Walk on the Wild Side* st
7) 2) text: 24 It is a warehouse cum underground coffeehouse with concep small bar, and no matching furnmicure. There is a big sig Stage with the band's name: “HEY THAT'S MY BIKE.* Troy, l his upright guitar, sweating from the set, is conferring four other members of his band. The manager approaches an a large jar: It says “DONATIONS FOR THE BAND* and holds a dollars in change. Troy, angry and disappointed, lets his guitar fall to the
8) 0) text: Troy is sitting at register, reading Marleau Ponty's "Rev Existential Psychology and Psychiatry." He looks around: watching him. He goes to the candy rack and rips off a Sn Above and behind him, the skyline lights sparkle like sta
15) 6) dialog: It's not like Mr. Roper's gomna burst in here. I'll just stay on the couch.
15) 8) dialog: What the fuck is your problem?
15) 10) dialog: Ato Vickie) I'd rather check into a shelter than deal with her shit. Troy gathers up his stuff. Sammy and Vickie look at Lelai betrayed. Lelaina looks at Troy: she sighs, giving in.
15) 14) dialog: You won't even know I'm here. CcuT TO:
15) 18) dialog: Hey That's My Bike will fully dominate the Houston underground, then we'll take it up to Austin and cut a deal. Then we're gonna travel the countryside like Woody Guthrie. Alot of people, like my parents, they don't think it'll ever happen for us. And when chey tell me how adolescent it is, I just smile and look them in the eye and say... (smiles) Nobody can eat fifty eggs. Cur TO:
16) 0) text: Troy sits on the couch watching the local news on TV.
16) 2) dialog: ~~Everything I ate for lunch.
16) 4) dialog: Alright! I love breast cancer reports. (explains to camera) Frontal nudity.
16) 6) dialog: ~-C'mon, you're turned on, admit ic.
16) 10) dialog: They're not all dumb. Most of them are very depressed. our_te:
16) 12) dialog: My parents got divorced when I was five, and I only saw my dad about three times a year after that. When he found out he had cancer, he took me here. He handed me this big pink seashell and he goes, "Son, the answers are inside this." And I'm all, “What?* Then I realize that it's empty, the shell is empty. There is no point to any of this. It‘s all a random lottery of Meaningless tragedy, a series of near escapes. So I take pleasure in the details. A Quarter Pounder with cheese, the sky ten minutes before it rains, the moment when your laughter becomes a cackle. (lights his Camel) I just sit back, smoke my Camel straights, and ride my own melt. cur tO;
17) 0) text: The streets are slick with rain. Troy, wearing his trench smoking a Camel, makes his way down the alley.
17) 1) dialog: Life sucks, but it doesn't swallow.
20) 0) text: Hendrix's "The Wind Cries Mary* streams out of a jambox. ashtrays, empry soda cans, dirty laundry, et al. surround like a moat. The TV is on but muted: a rerun of "One Day Vickie, Troy and Sammy sit around the set, zoning out, sh joint.
20) 1) dialog: If only I could bottle the sexual tension between Schnieder and Bonnie Franklin--I could solve the energy crisis. Lelaina enters, home from work, carrying her video camera
20) 10) dialog: She blackmailed me.
20) 13) dialog: I'm bursting with fruit flavor. Sammy laughs. Lelaina fixes the camera on the group and b taping. Vickie talks into the camera, mugging.
20) 16) dialog: But we should use code language just in case: {into camera) ix-nay on the ack-cray.
20) 18) dialog: Wark, work, work. You better be careful--That's how all those Woodstock veterans sold their principles up the down escalator. Vickie takes a drag off the joint, thinking.
20) 22) dialog: Hey, Sam, don‘t you realize this is your chance to play some smail part in what is destined to be greatness? Lelaina here's going to revolutionize “Good Morning, Grant.‘
20) 25) dialog: I am not under orders to make the world a better place. :
20) 27) dialog: You are a pathological optimist. You are pathological.
20) 29) dialog: You've reached the winter of our discontent. ..-Hold on.
20) 30) dialog: Some *Michael*® guy?
20) 33) dialog: (to Vickie) Who's Michael?--De you know?
21) 0) text: Lelaina and Troy look at the candy display. He looks at h
21) 1) dialog: So who's this Michael-- ~-Vickie and Sammy approach, bursting with news:
22) 0) text: they are seen through the windows, everyone except Troy d around the Mobil Mart as stars pepper the night sky above
23) 4) dialog: --That's a two-parter--
23) 6) dialog: -~Alderman Davis judges... Troy sees Michael watching chem.
23) 7) dialog: Oh god--Are you a collection agent?
23) 14) dialog: We've already done that one.
23) 19) dialog: (calls out; mock-scolding) Lelaina, you know the punishment for premature evacuation. Lelaina just shuts the deor behind them. Troy stops and s them stonily. He lights a bitcer cigarette.
26) 0) text: Troy walks up the alley, partied out, heading home. He he he stops. He sees the Saab and the two forgetten Big Gulp on it. He quietly walks over to it. Michael and Lelaina a wrapped around each other. His face registers no dramatic change of emotion, just th crook of an eyebrow. He turns and walks away. cur TO:
27) 1) dialog: (sings loudly) --Beth, I hear you calling, but I can't come home right now-- ~-She jumps ten, maybe twelve feet. He turns on a lamp.
27) 2) dialog: Been up all night? He sits up suddenly, alert, like he just smelled somethin
27) 3) dialog: You know, I am definitely picking up weird vibes in here. They're of the I-just-got-laid variety. He walks towards her. She's getting annoyed. 43
27) 4) dialog: Did he dazzle you with his extensive knowledge of mineral water? Or was it his in-depth analysis of Marky Mark that finally reeled you in? She eyes him threateningly.
27) 5) dialog: I just wish I could've been there to hear how you rationalized sleeping with a yuppie-head cheese on the first date.
27) 7) dialog: He is the reason Cliff's Notes were invented. He thinks DesCartes is something you put before de-horse.
27) 9) dialog: (waves her off, dismissive) Ah, fuck it. What do I care?
27) 12) dialog: I'm not acting like anything. I‘m calmly reading.
27) 14) dialog: Oh right: *Lelaina, I'm really in love with you.* Is that what you want to hear?--Well don't flatter yourself.
27) 16) dialog: Okay. Whatever.
35) 0) text: Several bags of groceries sit on the floor. Troy, Sammy, are putting them away. Lelaina enters, serious.
35) 2) dialog: Oh no. They discovered Nutrasweet causes you to grow a third eye.
35) 4) dialog: She can just wear a patch over it.
35) 6) dialog: There's this plastic surgeon in Paris who will remove it for free.
35) 8) dialog: It's not contagious.
35) 10) dialog: Laney, I'm sorry. I had no idea. Vickie‘s mouth is agape. Sammy shakes his head in disbeli
35) 14) dialog: (low) it's a jerk offer. Lelaina heard, rolls her eyes. He watches her.
35) 20) dialog: It's a dream come true.
36) 0) text: Troy and Lelaina stand in front of a tall building, smoki with a cup of coffee. Troy points up at the building.
36) 1) dialog: This is where Troy was fired from his eleventh job--He was an illustrious cffice cleaner. Now, come this way please, and we'll continue our walking tour of ‘The Short and Happy Career of Troy Dyer.* He offers his arm to escort her; she takes it, giggly. He his best to amuse her. He leads her to his old newsstand.
36) 2) dialog: Aha! The newsstand. Yes, this is where they caught Troy capping one too many Snickers. In total, he has been fired from, count ‘em, twelve jobs. So you shouldn't feel so bad. She smiles; she doesn't feel that bad anymore. They conti walk down the dimly lit sidewalk.
36) 3) dialog: One of these days, I'm going to wake up before noon-~
36) 5) dialog: --and turn on the tee-vee, and you'll be sitting there with Bryant Gumbel: “Today, the Puliczer- Prize winning documentarian Lelaina Pierce. Lelaina, after your first film, ‘Why Barbie is Bad,‘ you seem to have completely forgotten about your best friend Troy Dyer.‘
36) 7) dialog: I'll probably still be working at The Gap, playing warehouses, hanging around, like, Radio Shack screaming that I used to know you. and you'll be beautiful, the lights all on you and shit.
36) 9) dialog: See, Lane, this is all we really need in this world: a couple of smokes, a cup of coffee, conversation. You and me and five bucks.
36) 11) dialog: (a beat) You know what?
36) 14) dialog: --You've never thought abour it?
36) 16) dialog: Neither can I. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about evolving.
36) 18) dialog: ..-Because of Michael.
36) 21) dialog: ~-Forget it. Let‘s talk about something else.
37) 0) text: Troy starts the car. They drive off in total stomy silenc cur TO:
40) 0) text: Troy pulls Lelaina into his lap, and tries to force-feed of cake. She pulls back, laughing.
40) 2) dialog: But you had Dorito's for breakfast--I saw you.
40) 4) dialog: (to camera) You gotta love this girl-- Snow fills the TV sereen as...
41) 0) text: Lelaina quickly turns off the VCR, upset after watching h Troy. She has a towel around her wet head. Michael is sit front of it, squinting with intensity.
41) 5) text: Yeah, I mean you really captured these people, and Troy, look at him, this guy who represents everything that's wrong with America.
43) 1) dialog: who's also alone, smoking, reading Heidegger's "Being and He's dressed in a Gap uniform. 64 Lelaina's eyes light up; she's very happy to see him. She way across the cafe. She waves at him, smiling:
43) 4) dialog: It's when the actual meaning is totally opposire from the literal meaning. She slaps the table.
43) 6) dialog: (looks around) So... where's Mike?
43) 8) dialog: I should get back to work.
43) 10) dialog: (sharp) Your bravado is embarrassing. He marks his page and stands up. She grasps onto his arm.
43) 14) dialog: I gotta go. And he's gone. She slumps in her chair. cuT TO:
47) 0) text: Troy is standing next to a table of shirts. He is absentl straightening the shirts as he absorbs himself in Kierkeg “Sickness Unto Death.* There is a CUSTOMER, looking aroun to find help. She approaches Troy, taps his shoulder.
47) 2) dialog: Oh--I'm just browsing.
50) 41) text: -~A Mobil gas station sits at an intersection, a beacon. "She Works Hard for the Money* by Donna Summer starts up. ~-Lelaina at Mobil; she is pumping gas into Sammy's Peugot. She finishes, and Sammy hands her some cash. Lelaina goes inside the Mobil Mart and pays for the gas with her card. --Lelaina at Mobil; she is pumping gas into Troy’s Dodge Dart. She finishes, and Troy gives her some cash. She goes inside and pays for his gas on her card. --Lelaina at Mobil: she is pumping gas into a stranger's car. She finishes, and the owner of the car, a surly old man, hands her the cash. ~-Lelaina is at the Mobil Service Center with a BUSINESSMAN who is having engine work done on his Acura. Lelaina is holding her card.
51) 4) dialog: I already pay for all the utilities. Vickie sighs, rubs her face.
51) 10) dialog: {walking out) Thanks alot, Sam. ‘Preciate it.
51) 13) dialog: Why don't you just ask Mister MTV for the cash-- --Offended, Lelaina starts to say something--
51) 14) dialog: --Oh I'm sorry--I forgot about your builshic principles: You can't take money from the rich people you screw, but you can screw the poor people you know right out of it.
51) 16) dialog: No, listen, you want the money?--You goc it, babe. Pipe dreams be damned if they interfere with your personal comfort. Troy finds a shoebox. Lelaina folds her arms across her c
51) 18) dialog: No really, 1 insist. Take it. (she won't) Fucking take it-- ~-He hurls the box at her-~money (bills) fly everywhere a out, slamming the door behind him. Lelaina just stands there for a minute... Then she picks shoebox and starts putting all the money back into it. Sa Vickie enter, and without a word, they all work together the money and putting it back in the box.
51) 22) dialog: Girl, this better be good. The ebony prince needs his... (mugs ) ». beauty sleep!
51) 27) dialog: Mr. Bookman, my friend, my main man, my brother... We are currently experiencing what you might call--How shall I put this delicately? Boverty.
51) 34) dialog: Dyn-o-mite! (beat) Uh, will this be check or money order, Balderman?--Uh, I mean, "Alderman.*
51) 41) dialog: You can't take my sister away! You'll have to get through me first! [roy jumps in front of Michael and starts hopping around, exaggeratedly feeble punches, doing wildly ineffective ka The CANNED LAUGHTER is raucous. Michael simply walks arou Thelma opens the door, and they leave. 82
51) 42) dialog: Thelma! Thelma: Get back here, girl! The phone RINGS. Lelaina pops her head back in.
57) 0) text: Troy is reclined on the couch, absorbed in "Aesthetic The Theodor Adorno, smoking, looking a little grunged out. Mi his head inside...
57) 3) dialog: --Lelaina's getting dressed. Michael sits down on the arm of the couch, then decides t very uncomfortable under Troy's disdainful stare.
57) 5) dialog: I was quoting. He goes back tc his book. 88
57) 8) dialog: I'll remember that next time I'm on a subway. Michael thinks abour thac first, then courtesy laughs. Th wonders if he should've laughed at all. He looks at Troy, starts to say something, but Lelaina enters, and for the first time, she is not dresse She wears the light-colored crochet dress. She looks stun She doesn't look like herself. Both Troy and Michael almo Lelaina stops, looks at them watching her.
57) 10) dialog: What happened to your normal clothes?
57) 14) dialog: A doily.
57) 17) dialog: And don't go thinking for yourself either, Lelaina. Michael turns on Troy:
57) 19) dialog: (smiles) My... ‘gliteh'? Lelaina takes Michael's arm, pulling him towards the door
57) 22) dialog: There's no secret handshake. There's a secret IQ prerequisite, but there's no secret handshake.
57) 24) dialog: Hey. Rest those synapses.
57) 27) dialog: Done. No. They both look at her; even she isn't sure whom she was a Michael takes a breath, calming himself.
57) 29) dialog: You don't know what she needs. Michael takes the baic.
57) 32) dialog: (dismissive, waves him off) Ah, fuck you and buy me dinner.
58) 13) dialog: My parents got divorced--
58) 19) dialog: --when I was five.
58) 20) dialog: The music starts again as we see shots from Lelaina's doc her and Troy being physical: --Troy trying to feed Lelaina cake --Lelaina putting her arm around Troy --Troy pulling Lelaina over, feigning passion «-Troy and Lelaina side by side om the couch --Troy and Lelaina playfully swatting each other ~-Troy pulling Lelaina into his lap The misic stops, and we cut in and out of different docum sections:
58) 23) dialog: You gotta lave her.
58) 34) dialog: I'm through with the whole wank-a-rama.
58) 37) dialog: Frontal nudity.
58) 42) dialog: and when they tell me how adolescent it is, I just smile and look them in the eye and say...
58) 46) dialog: ~-a black hole.
58) 51) dialog: They're not all dumb. We see Lelaina at the podium, giving her speech.
58) 53) dialog: Most of them are very depressed.
58) 55) dialog: We know you slept your way to che podium.
58) 58) dialog: Frontai nudity. --Then Phineas in Vickie's bedroom--
58) 63) dialog: --"The answers are inside this.*
60) 0) text: Lelaina is lying on the couch, singing sadly to herself ‘ Bill" from Schoolhouse Rock. Troy starts to enter from th but stops when he sees Lelaina, hears her singing. He wat affectionately.
60) 2) dialog: How'd the big premiere turn out?
60) 5) dialog: No you don't. It's just me here, okay? It's just me. He rubs her back, friendly.
60) 8) dialog: Because Mr. Brady died of AIDS, okay? Things aren't really like that.
60) 10) dialog: Honey, the only thing you have to be by the age of twenty-three is yourself.
60) 12) dialog: Ido. And we all love her. I love her. She breaks my heart over and over, but I love her. He pulls her into a hug. She holds onto him like a life-r helds on to her tightly. He kisses her cheek. Then he kis the mouth, very passionately. She responds equally passio without thinking. They break. He presses her against him; her hair, breathes deeply. Then he kisses her again, hotl really fit like this. They look like they're melting toge
61) 0) text: Troy and Lelaina are on her futon, nude; he is passionate her neck as they make love. Her eyes are closed as she ab herself. She clings to him, moving with him, digging her into his back. He looks at her face.
61) 1) dialog: I've wanted you like this for all these years.
62) 0) text: B.g. situational MUSIC from the TV show starts. Marsha is bed, but that's not Marsha. That's Lelaina as Marsha Brad lying next to her is a guy with dark, wavy hair. He turns Troy as Greg Brady. The door to the room flies open, and in walks a woman wit blonde hair carrying an armful of laundry. It's Vickie as Brady. She stops when she sees Lelaina and Troy in bed to She drops the laundry.
62) 1) text: Marsha:?... Greg? (yells) Mike! Some CANNED LAUGHTER as Lelaina and Troy wake up.
62) 4) dialog: Beat it, squirt.
62) 6) dialog: I said geram! Sammy sticks out his tongue and leaves. CANNED LAUGHTER. approaches the bed.
62) 10) dialog: It's been building up for over four years, Dad. She just couldn't help herself.
62) 12) dialog: Groovy. .
62) 15) dialog: Hey, at least I have my principles.
63) 0) text: Lelaina's eyes pop open. It is very early, about nine. Tr in bed with her. She looks around the room, surveying the There is a box of condoms next to her bed. Troy is standing by the door, getting dressed for work.
63) 2) dialog: I have to go to work. He starts out of the rcom. She sits up.
63) 5) dialog: No. I'll see you tonight. He starts out again, but stops. He goes to her and gives mechanical, perfunctory kiss on the cheek.
63) 6) dialog: I have to go, but we'll talk at the club. He quickly walks out of the room, closes the door behind Lelaina stares after him. She lies back down, confused. cur TO: 102
64) 0) text: Troy's band *HEY THAT'S MY BIKE* is on stage, performing Never Enough". an original song about welfare mothers who only to increase their income. Lelaina enters the dark smokey club, stressed out, chain- She walks towards the stage-~-but is stopped by a hand gr arm: it's Sammy, sitting at a table with Vickie.
64) 3) dialog: (over mic) Thank you. (applause) Now we're gonna go have a new American cheese snack idea.
64) 12) dialog: is still at the bar. He watches with complete and total d almost disbelief, as Michael takes
64) 21) dialog: {mock surprise) Well hi Lelaina.
64) 23) dialog: Is that a frog in your throat or are you just glad to see me? (very nice) Hi Mike. Thanks for coming down. No hard feelings, man. Troy offers his hand, as a truce. Michael thinks a second shakes it. Lelaina is frightened by Troy's congeniality. this, and he loves it.
64) 24) dialog: Lelaina, you're looking a little pale. MICHAEL . Yeah, are, are you okay? -.
64) 26) dialog: Yeah, this girl is koo-koo for Cocoa Puffs--So are you gonna tell him or am I? He is looking at Lelaina, though he keeps that polite smi face. She feigns confusion, but Troy's gaze is relentless weighs her options... Troy starts whistling the theme son “Jeopardy*. Lelaina is suddenly incensed, livid.
64) 28) dialog: Because it‘s all I've got. Isn't it.
64) 31) dialog: You want to tell me what the hell he's doing here!?--I wanted to talk to you.
64) 33) dialog: I panicked. It happens. But I thought we could work it ouc, you know? Okay, look, I don't know if this is the right time for us. I mean, I meant everything I said last night, but... Lelaina glares at him coldly.
64) 34) dialog: --Would you--Don‘t lock at me like that. Jesus, I’m not saying, you know, okay?--I mean, I know you're the only woman I could ever commit myself to. 106
64) 36) dialog: I don't want to lose you. I don't know, i've never had an experience like this before. I've never-- --She sneers, turns away from him. He grabs her wrist and ro him.
64) 37) dialog: I've never had sex with someone I loved before. She wrests her hands free.
64) 39) dialog: Yeah right, Michael's so mature hecause he lets you navigate that entire relationship. Well I'm sorry, but you can't navigate me, Lelaina. I might do mean things, I might hurt you, I might even run away without your permission and you might hate me forever. And I know that scares the shit out of you, because I'm the only real thing you have. Lelaina is struck by this, but incensed. A long beat; she hard at him.
64) 41) dialog: Lelaina--wait a minute--wait! Lelaina!
64) 47) dialog: (smiles viciously) This one's for you, Laney. Lelaina holds her breath... The guitar begins the intro t Song," a raucous song by Olivia Cornell.
64) 48) dialog: (Singing) Well, you ever hear the word fuck, baby? You ever hear the word screw? How ‘bout me? How ‘bout you? How ‘bout now? People begin clapping along. Lelaina looks deeply stung. her eyes. Vickie looks down, embarrassed for her. Michael starting to wonder about all of this.
64) 49) dialog: Well, I see that look in your eye, and you know thar it’s been in mine How ‘bout grabbin' for the gold? Just put your mind to it You better damn well do it before we both get old. Pretty soon, the audience is going wild, some standing on chairs, singing along. Lelaina can no longer stand it. Sh walks off, towards the front doors as the song relentless continues. Vickie jumps up, rums to Lelaina, but she wave Michael looks from Lelaina to Troy and back to Lelaina as disappears out of the club. He gets what's going on. He stands up, angry. 108
65) 4) dialog: I don't want co hear it. Not from you.
65) 6) dialog: --Court jester.
65) 8) dialog: Where'd you hear that? The Renaissance Festival? Michael shakes his head in disbelief: that‘s his whole po turns and faces Michael.
65) 9) dialog: Besides, everyone dies all by himself.
66) 0) text: From the airline's logo on the wall, we tilt down to find the counter with his opened shoebox. He hands about half to the agent; the man counts it out, gives Troy a ticket. ‘INT. AIRPORT - GATE - LATER Troy sits with his bag beside him, reading Zen and the Ar Motorcycle Mainrenance.
67) 0) text: Lelaina enters, still dressed in last night's clothes, ti walks into the living room... and-her heart sinks. It is Troy is gone. Worried, she walks out...
69) 0) text: Another band, ‘SECTS AND VIOLETS", is om stage. Lelaina i herself, watching the door. A guy who's a version of a4 p Troy walks in. For an instant, she is hopeful, she starts but he turns around, and she realizes it's not him. She g watching the door.
72) 0) text: Troy sits alone in the empty, sterile waiting room, under Smoking* sign. He's chain-smoking. He hasn't slept for th He rubs his face, exhausted. He goes to the pay-phone and dials. He waits...
79) 9) dialog: ...When I was about eleven, I was already playing guitar. I learned from my older brother, ‘cause he was always playing old Beatles songs on his. And one day in December, I heard on tee~vee that John Lennon died. That he was assassinated. I don't know why, but fT felt like, suddenly, there was this... evil force in the universe that I never knew before. So I went and sat alone with my guitar in my room. I wasn‘t playing, I just held it. Then my father knocks on my door and walks in. And he comes over and sits beside me on my bed. I thought, ‘This man knows what I'm feeling right now. Without a word spoken between us, this man knows exactly whar I'm going through." So we sat there for a minute. Then he turned to me and said, "Son?" And I said, “Yeah, Dad?" and he looked at the floor and said, ‘Jack Lemmon was killed.* She starts to laugh. He kind of laughs with her... their dies, and he looks at her.
79) 10) dialog: My dad died. Her mouth drops open. She embraces him. He lets himself h He bites into her sleeve; his face contorts, but he won't ery.
79) 11) dialog: My mom didn't even bother to show up at his funeral. She hugs him tighter, Elooded with empathy and love. He c back anymore and cries. She just holds him, stroking his rocking him back and forth. She starts crying too.
79) 13) dialog: I'm sorry, Laney.
79) 15) dialog: I acted like a little piece of... Spam.
79) 17) dialog: No, I was Spam. (looks around) I hope you don't have that fucking camcorder on me somewhere.
79) 19) dialog: In Your Face?
79) 21) dialog: that's really cool. (sighs) You know what I think our whole problem is? (beat) We need to get our own place.
79) 23) dialog: Well... He looks in his guitar case.
79) 24) dialog: I have about five bucks. She leans in and kisses him on the mouth. He responds pas hungry for her.
80) 0) text: Troy and Lelaina are making out on the couch in their new she is wearing her Gap clothes, he has a new "grown-up," The TV is on In Your Face TV. The phone RINGS. They don't break to say let che machine get it.
80) 1) dialog: At the beep please leave your name, number, and a brief justification of the ontological necessity of modern man's existential dilemma and we'll ger back to you. The machine BEEPS.