2) 5) dialog: Just wanted to remind everyone the school day's not over. So let's keep the drinking under control, hmm? That's it. Back to you, Wally. A bunch of teacher roll their eyes.
10) 4) dialog: Elizabeth Halsey, as I live and breathe!
10) 6) dialog: I know we barely got a chance to get to know one another last year -- what with you planning the wedding of the century and me juggling all my extra-currics -- but I just want to say that I'm super excited to be across-the-hall-mates.
10) 8) dialog: And I know you kinda skated by last year, doing the bare minimum thing -- you were kind of a lone wolf -- but now you're back and I just know that you are going to rededicate yourself to the task at -- Amy notices Elizabeth's bare hands.
10) 9) dialog: Where's your beautiful ring?
10) 16) dialog: 
10) 19) dialog: Hm. Another time then. Elizabeth takes an apple from a desk.
10) 22) dialog: Of course. I'd never serve a student unwashed fruit. CRUNCH. Elizabeth takes a huge bite out of the apple.
10) 25) dialog: Well, I think the students teach me at least as'much as I teach them.
17) 0) text: Lunch is in full swing. Each clique has staked its own territory. Several TEACHERS, Elizabeth and Amy among them, are on lunch duty.
17) 7) dialog: Somebody's got a case of the sleepies.
17) 9) dialog: Did you see what just happened?
17) 11) dialog: You weren't at the orientation the other day, but we're doing something new this year. It's very exciting. We're splitting the cafeteria into quadrants. Elizabeth yawns.
17) 12) dialog: So, anyways, in order for the quadrant system to work, it's vital that each teacher maintain order within their quadrant. Because it's really tough for me as head lunch monitor -- or another teacher -- to leave their quadrant to discipline a kid in another quadrant. I know it's a lot to take in. I'd be happy to sit with-you after school and explain all of the new guidelines.
17) 14) dialog: Okay, Elizabeth. Sounds like a plan, Stan.
17) 20) dialog: 
17) 23) dialog: Fair enough. Listen, I don't want to tell you how to run your class, but maybe it might be fun to do some ice-breakers. Like "Telephone Charades" or "The String Game." Or start doing practice questions for the state test. It's never too soon to start.
17) 25) dialog: Oh, shishkebobs, no. If I gave you that impression, I am so sorry. Actually, I was really hoping that we could be more than across-the-hall-mates.
17) 27) dialog: No, of course not. I don't even know what that is. I just meant friends.
17) 29) dialog: Yes! Yes! And helping each other out. Looking out for one another.
17) 31) dialog: 
17) 39) dialog: Seven minutes. Who's going to watch your quadrant?
24) 0) text: Elizabeth and Lynn speak in hushed voices in the corner by a vending machine. Amy grades papers on a ratty- looking couch. She glances up at Elizabeth and Lynn.
24) 8) dialog: 'Scuse,me. Just gonna scooch in here. She drops quarters into the vending machine, but doesn't bother selecting an item. This was clearly her "in." She turns to Elizabeth and Lynn.
24) 13) dialog: Sooo... I know it's none of my business, but I couldn't help but overhear your conversation and I just want to say, that you shouldn't change a thing. You should be happy with the way you are. That's true.
24) 18) dialog: I would never --
24) 20) dialog: I guess that's what you get for trying to help... Amy pushes the coin release on the vending machine and takes back her change without getting a drink. Amy heads back to the couch.
24) 22) dialog: Well, look what the cat dragged in!
24) 28) dialog: Gang members, probably.
26) 0) text: The class is watching "Lean on Me," with Morgan Freeman a a tough-as-nails principal in an inner-city school. Amy's "Integrity" Poster now hangs above the TV.
29) 0) text: Amy stands in the door where Elizabeth was just standing. Principal Snur is behind his desk.
29) 1) dialog: Elizabeth?! For the seventh grade carwash? That's bonkers!
29) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to blow my stack.
29) 9) dialog: We raised over $6000 last year. That's a record. Is this really the best time to start experimenting?
29) 11) dialog: Of course. Well, I should skedaddle. Looks like someone needs to plan a Saturday morning bike ride. She turns on her heels and walks out.
34) 0) text: Amy walks down the hall. She sees Principal Snur slip into the bathroom. Amy walks up to the MEN'S FACULTY BATHROOM door and waits. The BELL RINGS.
34) 1) dialog: Shishkebobs. She hesitates a beat and then enters.
35) 6) dialog: This'll just take a sec. I thought you might want to know that Elizabeth Halsey showed up at the carwash in a bikini top and short-shorts. It was pretty racy stuff.
35) 9) dialog: (quoting some adage) "Later we'll all die, said the gator to the fly."
35) 16) dialog: I don't want to speak out of school, but I happened to be pedalling by and saw her get.pretty chummy with the money. ,And remember, we barely know anything about her. She was a real lone wolf last year.
35) 18) dialog: Something about this doesn't pass the smell test, Wally.
35) 20) dialog: Thanks for the pep talk. Have a super day, you two. Amy exits. Immediately, there is an IMMENSE ERUPTION from the other stall, followed by a sigh.
47) 0) text: The SONG continues as Amy, in her empty classroom, stands against the adjoining wall, her ear pressed to it.
60) 0) text: Amy listens to NPR as she pulls into the empty parking lot. Suddenly, she SLAMS on her brakes. ELIZABETH'S CAR is already there. Amy puts her car in park and gets out. She walks over to Elizabeth's car and feels the hood.
60) 1) dialog: Cold.
61) 0) text: The clicking of Amy's shoes ECHO through the empty hallwa She stops, takes off her shoes. She pitter-patters down the hall to Elizabeth's classroom and PEERS in.
67) 0) text: Scott and Amy share a bag of trail mix. Sandy reads a Jerry Garcia biography. Lynn grades. papers.
67) 1) dialog: So, you know how I hate to gossip, but I heard that one of the custodians walked in on Omar -- you know, that Arabic boy -- giving...
67) 7) dialog: Your shirt's mis-buttoned. Her shirt's mis-buttoned.
67) 16) dialog: Yeah, it's been quite a change. SCOTT. Well, I think it's great. Some teachers just sail by, doing the bare minimum. It's good to know there are still some actual educators out there. Elizabeth smiles for Scott, like, "You get me."
68) 0) text: Amy and Sasha sit in the empty auditorium. Sasha is dressed as LITTLE ORPHAN ANNIE, including the RED WIG." Student STAGEHANDS construct a set.
68) 1) dialog: What else, Sasha?
68) 3) dialog: I can't prove that. What else?
68) 5) dialog: And no more movies in class?
68) 7) dialog: 
68) 15) dialog: (then, collecting herself) I know you're forgetting something. Do you want extra credit on your diorama or not?
68) 17) dialog: What?
68) 19) dialog: Wait. Hold your horses. What was medicinal?
68) 21) dialog: 
69) 4) dialog: Trust me, Wally. My kids in D.A.R.E. tell me everything and there are drugs in this school. And not just the students. Some of the female teachers.
70) 26) dialog: (grasping at straws, to Garrett) Even though that wasn't drugs, junk food is still contraband. That's detention, Buster.
82) 9) dialog: If anyone has any information regarding the whereabouts of the missing "Annie" wig, please let me know ASAP. Because if that wig isn't found, you can bet your bottom dollar the "sun will not come out tomorrow." Back to you, Wally. Amy sits. Principal Snur addresses the teachers.
82) 19) dialog: (to random teacher) Oh boy, third year in a row. This is starting to get embarrassing.
83) 12) dialog: Hey! Ism so proud of you. If someone told me at the beginning of the year that you -- you! -- would get the bonus, I would've said to whomever it was, 'you must be joshing me.' And now, here we are. Here we are.
83) 14) dialog: What a good, fun idea. Unfortunately, Scott and I have to go over the itinerary for the D.C. trip. We're the chaperones. We're going together. (then, quiet to Elizabeth) We're dating, so it'll also be romantic. You're not dating anyone now, right?
83) 18) dialog: Well then. Scott, we should skedaddle. Those itineraries won't schedule themselves. Amy and Scott head off. Scott turns around.
86) 0) text: Elizabeth enters and pulls latex gloves from her bag. She snaps them on. She takes a seat at Amy's desk and pulls an apple from her bag. Then she pulls out POISON IVY. She rubs the apple with the poison ivy leaves and then carefully places it in the center of the desk. Elizabeth smiles.
87) 0) text: Amy's class is seated. Amy enters and heads for her desk. She notices the apple and smiles at her class, touched. Thank you. The class stares back at her blankly.
87) 1) dialog: Who did this? No response from the class.
87) 2) dialog: Oh come on. Nobody wants an extra sticker on their all-star board? Amy presses the apple to her ear.
87) 7) dialog: (muppet voice, to apple) Who brought you to me? Amy places the apple up to her ear.
87) 8) dialog: 
87) 10) dialog: Enough horsin' around, let's get started.
88) 12) dialog: (banging on steering wheel) Fudge! Fudge! Fudge! Fuuuuuck--dge!
90) 0) text: A splotchy-faced Amy trudges down the hallway. She passes Elizabeth's room, stops, walks back to the door and peers in. She looks down the hallway -- it's empty.
91) 0) text: Amy rifles through Elizabeth's desk. She opens the top drawer. Just pens and paper. She tries the bottom drawer. Locked. Shishkebabs!
92) 0) text: Amy drags ELIZABETH'S DESK across the hallway into her room. It's a slow, difficult and loud process.
93) 0) text: Amy, sweating, now drags HER OWN DESK across the.hallway into Elizabeth's room. She stops to catch her breath.
94) 0) text: Amy watches as the MAINTENANCE GUY sorts through his keys and tries to unlocks the desk.
94) 1) dialog: (nervous, too loud) I never lose my keys!
94) 3) dialog: What's wrong with your face?!?!
94) 6) dialog: (buying it back) Super! Thanks a bunch, Amos! The Maintenance Man exits. Amy immediately opens the desk and rummages through it. She pulls out the "Annie" wig.
94) 7) dialog: Busted. She pulls out a test booklet. There's a piece ripped out from the front page. Amy's eyes narrow. She runs to the floor, where she has neat stacks of what used to be in her desk. She finds her test booklet and compares the two, clocking the I.S.A.T. address.
94) 8) dialog: Looks like somebody's in big, big trouble.
97) 0) text: Amy, her face still covered in the rash, sits across from Carl Halabi, the administrator that Elizabeth roofied. Carl is staring at a photo of Elizabeth.
97) 7) dialog: I think you're the one that might be in some kind of trouble! Did you or did you not give her a copy of the state test?
97) 10) dialog: What article?
98) 0) text: Amy's car ZOOMS past the camera.
99) 0) text: Amy's drives, her hands at 10 and 2. CLOSE ON the speedometer as the needle hovers between 55 and 56 mph.
101) 0) text: Principal Snur squeezes a dolphin-shaped stress ball that chirps like a dolphin with every squeeze. Amy sits across from him, trying to contain her glee.
101) 2) dialog: And like I said, she stole the wig. I think we're dealing with a criminal master-mind.
101) 5) dialog: You betcha. (gets up to go, turns) You know what scares me the most? This is just what we know. This could be the tip of the iceberg. Who knows what else she's capable of?
108) 0) text: Amy, the phone cradled to her ear, leans back on her couch. She's wearing splotches of calamine lotion over her rash and her hair is pulled back. A TURTLE plods across her kitchen table.
108) 6) dialog: 
108) 9) dialog: I know. The woman's a criminal mastermind.
108) 11) dialog: What I need from you is to focus and get our kids home safe. I'll take care of everything here.
108) 13) dialog: It's what I do. Love you, Scooter. She hangs up the phone and cockily kicks her feet onto the table, accidentally knocking the turtle to the floor.
108) 14) dialog: Oh boy.
112) 0) text: Principal.Snur sits across from Garrett's mother, Melody, who is beside herself. She is wearing a beret. A DETECTIVE and Amy are standing behind the desk. Principal Snur passes her a dolphin-shaped tissue box.
112) 9) dialog: She used to give all the guys that look. That sex look. You know -- Amy gives her version of a sexy look to the Detective.
112) 10) dialog: She's a monster.
118) 0) text: Amy talks to a DIFFERENT REPORTER.
118) 1) dialog: (holding a candle) "No child left behind." How ironic. That a child was left behind. In Washington, D.C. With a statutory rapist.
121) 0) text: Elizabeth heads down the empty hallway. From the auditori the faint sound of "Tomorrow, Tomorrow" from "Annie" can heard. Amy steps out of the auditorium, humming along to the son She notices Elizabeth coming to her. Amy debates her opti
121) 1) dialog: Elizabeth! I was so worried. You gave us quite a scare, you did. Elizabeth doesn't acknowledge her and continues walking toward Amy, only feet away now.
121) 2) dialog: (attempting some levity) Somebody's being a grumple-- BAM! Elizabeth punches Amy square in the nose. Amy drops to her knees and grabs her nose, now squirting blood.
121) 3) dialog: Elizabeth keeps walking and turns a corner. A BELL RINGS and the hallway starts filling with STUDENTS.
123) 0) text: QUICK CUTS. It's class photo day. With each FLASH, we SEE a different TEACHER with a different CLASS. And finally AMY, with a bandage over her nose and two black eyes, smiles widely alongside her CLASS.
124) 12) dialog: Although leaving was a difficult choice... Amy looks over to Elizabeth, who motions for her to continue.
124) 13) dialog: When the superintendent personally asks you to work at one of the worst schools in the state, you say yes. I'm looking forward to bringing my brand of zany energy and lust -- not love, lust -- for learning to the underprivileged students at Malcolm X High. I welcome the challenge. The Teachers applaud, Scott the most enthusiastic. Elizabeth steps up to Amy, who flinches.
127) 0) text: Quick cuts. From behind, we see Elizabeth place an APPLE on each desk, just as Amy did earlier. Elizabeth's walls are still bare, except for a framed photo of Amy's class picture, with Amy's messed up face, from the year before. The bell RINGS. Elizabeth turns and we now SEE that she has TASTEFUL FAKE BREASTS. Elizabeth walks to her door and opens it, watching the students as they reconnect with friends and share stories about summer camp. She notices Sasha who is MASSAGING a BOY's shoulders. bunch of other EIGHTH GRADE BOYS wait their turn.