16) 0) text: In one corner, CHASE, clearly at the top of the seventh grade food chain, shows off a photo spread of herself modelling in a "Western-Style" clothing catalogue. GARRETT, 12, wearing grey, stained sweatpants and a grey sweatshirt with block letters that read "GYMNASTICS," stares longingly at Chase from a few desks away.
16) 6) dialog: The photographer was, like, sooo nice. He made me feel sooo comfortable.
16) 10) dialog: Stalk much? Garrett quickly turns away. Chase rolls her eyes. An angry-looking kid, TRISTAN, wearing a MICHAEL VICK JERSEY, turns to Garrett.
16) 27) dialog: 
31) 0) text: Garrett stands at the school entrance, holding a giant cardboard sign that reads "CAR WASH" as a few CARS pull i Chase, and the other popular girls, are dressed in seventh-grade sexy -- they've tied off their shirts. The BOYS run around spraying each other, but mostly spraying Garrett. Garrett laughs, mistakenly thinking that he's part of the fun.
37) 1) dialog: Are we starting "School Ties" today? Elizabeth holds up her finger while she finishes reading NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC.
38) 0) text: Chase and another popular girl strut across the cafeteria, arm in arm. A THIRD POPULAR GIRL, saving a table, waves them over. Chase and her friend walk right past the girl like she doesn't exist and take a seat with a bunch of other girls
63) 3) dialog: 
65) 10) dialog: It's a symbol for, um, equality? Elizabeth puts a sticker on Chase's forehead.
66) 0) text: The desks have been arranged into a makeshift courtroom. Spencer presides as the judge. Chase and Shawn are the prosecutors. Garrett is dressed like Boo Radley. Tristan, the bully, addresses the rest of the class -- the "jury." Everyone is clearly into the exercise. REVEAL Principal Snur, clad in a dolphin tie, watching fr the back of the class.
70) 30) dialog: Are you okay, Ms. Halsey? Elizabeth takes a long beat before answering.
100) 0) text: The students take pictures. Garrett walks up to chase.
100) 2) dialog: No.
104) 0) text: The kids listen to a TOUR GUIDE on the steps of the memorial. Garrett sneaks furtive glances at Chase. Elizabeth stands away from the group, on her cell.
104) 25) dialog: Gross. Chase's friends all start laughing. The rest of the class joins in. Garrett runs down the steps, away from everyone.
115) 0) text: Chase is crying as she speaks to a DIFFERENT REPORTER.
115) 6) dialog: (wiping away tears) Garrett sat diagonal from me in language arts. He was always so supportive of my modelling career.
122) 0) text: QUICK CUTS. The year is winding down. Instead of gym, kids are using the time to sign each other's yearbooks. Chase walks up to Garrett with her yearbook, asks him to sign it.