0) 0) text: The roar of some terrifying creature. We are close to the BOY, age twelve, racing through the snowy dark. He is terrified. He manages to glance back behind him. In a shaky dark swirl we catch glimpses of what appear to animals, black against the blue snow, chasing after him. glimpse of light their eyes flash, revealing TWO WOLVES - tearing through the moonlit woods. The boy tries desperately to pick up speed, dodging falle limbs and rocks along his way. Strangely, he’s barefoot, thin tank-top and pajama bottoms, running through a dark, eerie landscape. Up ahead he sees a way to veer off from the path and dip along an incline. He takes the turn, tearing through brus he descends along the side of a hill into a slight recess hoping to drop out of sight. Through the black mesh of trees he spots the wolves runni past. In relief, he exhales loudly, catching his breath. he pulls himself up. He turns - and gasps. The two wolves have reverted course and are racing right towards him. Startled, he loses his footing, and stumbles the ground. His foot is tangled in some roots. He starts yanking with all his might, glancing up to see: The wolves are galloping toward him. Their sharp teeth gl in the moonlight. We see the boy from the wolves’ point o view. The boy’s eyes flash with terror as we close in on him. There’s nothing he can do. In the distance someone is cal a name...”"Ben...Ben...Ben...” We hear the boy’s SCREAM. WONDERSTRUCK 2. INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 2 BEN - the boy in the dream, a thoughtful, sullen kid - bo up in bed. His face is covered in sweat. From across the we hear his cousin ROBBY.
0) 2) dialog: (panting, still lost in the dream) What? Ben, tangled in the sheets of a fold-up cot, is wearing t same T-shirt and pajama bottoms he was wearing in the dre Robby, 14-years-old, with the beginning of a mustache, switches on his lamp, knocking two hunting magazines to t floor. He is sweating too and whips the blanket off him.
0) 4) dialog: Stop it, Robby. There is a knock from the other side of the wall.
0) 7) dialog: Sorry, Aunt Jenny!
2) 0) text: An egret is being drawn in ballpoint pen in a spiral notebook. It sits perched on a branch behind which a crosshatch predator looms, a wolf or hound. We see Ben hunched over his notebook, trying to get it ju right. Three boys Ben’s age stare at him. Ben looks away from them as a yellow Gunflint bus pulls u INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 5 Ben shakes himself out of the memory and looks again at t newspaper clipping. There’s a photograph of a pretty young woman with a ponyt the same woman in the photograph at the funeral in the flashback. Words and phrases from the article jump out at Ben: Elain Wilson... ice... lost control... darkness... survived by son, Benjamin
2) 2) text: FLASHBACK - INT. BEN’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 6 There’s a small knock on Ben’s bedroom door. Ben, in bed, looks up from a book on constellations. His mom, the woma from the photographs, sticks her head in the room. She ha her hair in a ponytail and is wearing her favorite robe.
2) 5) dialog: Constellations.
2) 9) dialog: Neat. Like the one we saw, on the trail. Thanks, mom. Elaine looks up from the telescope and smiles. WONDERSTRUCK 5.
2) 11) dialog: So...
2) 13) dialog: Was my dad an astronomer? Elaine's expression immediately changes, as if a curtain come down. Ben senses this but keeps talking, aware he’s dangerous cliff. BEN (CONT’D) Maybe that’s why I like outer space so much. It makes sense... His mom, with a forced smile, walks silently over and sit the edge of his bed.
3) 0) text: Ben approaches his mom’s bedroom from the upstairs landin passing a bookshelf stuffed with old toys and science projects. Through her partly opened door he sees her smoking a cigarette while standing beside an old portable record player. She pulls her pony tail tighter, and walks to an alcove where she has a desk. She sits. David Bowie’s “Spa Oddity” has begun to play. Ben settles at the bedroom door as his mother closes her for a moment, listening to the music.
3) 1) dialog: (quietly) Mom? WONDERSTRUCK 6. Elaine doesn’t hear him. BEN (CONT’D) (louder) Mom? Elaine jumps.
3) 3) dialog: (taking a deep breath) Why won’t you ever talk about him? Other kids know their dads...
3) 5) dialog: It’s what I wished for, you know, when I blew out the candles.
3) 7) dialog: It’s never the right time. Ben turns to his mother’s mirror, which is covered in postcards of famous works of art, clippings, and some of childhood artwork. Stuck on top with a piece of tape is the small blue piece paper with the words: We are all in the gutter, but some us are looking at the stars.
3) 8) dialog: What does this mean?
3) 10) dialog: This quote - “We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.” You said it the night we saw the shooting stars, and now it’s on your wall. What does it mean? 10 WONDERSTRUCK 7.
3) 12) dialog: (disappointed, almost to himself) That’s what you always say. INT. ROBBY’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 8 Ben, back in the cot of his cousin’s room, is looking at quote on the wall, gently tracing its edges. We FOLLOW each word as he whispers them to himself:
3) 13) dialog: We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars... The last word: “stars” fills his vision and ours, as a so swirl of MUSIC RISES...
7) 0) text: We see and hear boats knocking against each other in the water. 13 14 15 WONDERSTRUCK 9. INT. ROBBY’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 13 Ben lies awake in bed, listening to the sound of the boat He sees something out the window. Ben wiggles out of bed and grabs a red flashlight from hi cousin Robby’s shelf.
8) 0) text: Ben walks out of his aunt’s house along a small path lead to the house next door. The house looks very much like hi aunt’s house, though it seems to have been abandoned. But what’s drawn Ben is the strange, inexplicable fact that a light has been turned on from inside the second floor, th only interior light burning at this hour. As we will soon learn, this is the house Ben and his moth lived in, that Ben grew up in, until his mother died sudd and nothing in his life would ever be the same. Ben walks silently past the knocking boats on his way tow the lit windows of his old house. On the way he also pass small cabin that appears to have been shuttered for some time. Leaves crunch underfoot as Ben nears his old house, approaching from the rear. He stops a moment when he sees back door is open. He thinks he hears something buzzing f within. A voice? He continues approaching, quietly. EXT./INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 15 He realizes how loudly he’s breathing and stops for a mom suddenly understanding: it’s a record playing inside - th song “Space Oddity.” He switches on his flashlight and continues slowly into t house. It all feels very spooky, like some sort of frozen memory. Most of the furniture is stacked or covered, standing bes piles of sealed-up boxes and kitchenware still stacked on counters, as if someone had begun to pack up the house bu never got around to finishing it. Ben walks up the stairs. 16 17 WONDERSTRUCK 10. INT. BEN’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - 1977 - NIGHT 16 Ben’s heart is pounding as he slowly walks down the hallw past his old room, towards the source of the light, and t music: his mother’s door. It’s open slightly. He’s about to give it a shove when - A shadow moves across the floor. He stops. He smells something, the smoke from her cigarettes... Through the crack in the doorway he sees something unbelievable...a blonde woman with a ponytail wearing his mother’s favorite robe. Ben’s hand is trembling.
8) 1) dialog: (terrified) Mom? Are you... He pushes open the door.
8) 3) text: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 18 Light spills onto Ben’s darkened face as he stares into h mother’s old room - His MOTHER, like a ghost, with her back to him, is dancin the music. She is smoking a cigarette. She nonchalantly reaches up to pull her pony tail tighter. Ben drops his flashlight and gasps. His mom turns. But it’s not his mom! It’s his cousin JANET, a teenage gi with big glasses.
8) 5) dialog: Janet!
8) 7) dialog: No! What are you doing here? This isn’t your house! Those aren’t your clothes! You... He wipes his eyes, feeling stupid and angry for having thought it might actually have been his mom.
8) 9) dialog: You smoke? She looks down at her hand, as if noticing the cigarette the first time, and quickly stubs it out.
8) 11) dialog: I don’t understand! You’re wearing my mom’s clothes!
8) 13) dialog: (turning) I can’t look at you like that! Ben backs up into the record player. The arm skips across record making a terrible noise.
8) 15) dialog: Yes. I’m fine.
8) 17) text: Ben turns away.
8) 19) dialog: Are your parents going to sell this house?
8) 21) dialog: Why can’t I just move back in? It’s my house.
8) 23) dialog: If I knew where my dad was...I could just... She watches him a moment.
8) 25) dialog: Not... Sometimes. Janet isn’t sure she’s making him feel any better and sta collecting her things.
8) 27) dialog: I am home.
8) 29) dialog: You go. I want to stay here a little longer.
8) 31) dialog: I won’t tell your parents.
8) 33) dialog: That you were smoking. Just let me stay a little longer.
8) 35) dialog: I swear.
11) 2) text: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - 1977 - NIGHT 22 Ben looks around the room, not sure what to do with his sudden liberty. WONDERSTRUCK 16. He opens up a drawer and examines its contents, and then next. At first it’s embarrassing, seeing his mother’s pri intimate things, but soon he finds himself opening every of her drawers as if unable to stop himself. In one, he finds an old coffee tin and lifts the plastic off of it. Inside he finds a wad of cash, a sort of rainy fund his mother must have kept hidden. He lifts out the w to see if there’s anything else in the tin before replaci it with the cash and lid back inside the drawer, and resu his meander. Then, in the bottom drawer, Ben spots something truly strange. Something wrapped in a brown paper bag that’s be wrapped up for a very long time. Just as Ben takes hold o in his hand - A boom of thunder crashes as Ben carefully unfolds the br paper bag and reaches inside. It’s a very old, blue book. On the back cover he reads: Published by The American Museum of Natural History, New York, New York He turns the book over. Its title stamped in faded black letters:
11) 4) dialog: (Whispering to himself) No no no no no! Ben tries the lamp. Nothing. He spots the red flashlight and switches it on. He moves the beam around the room, then settles back into bed. He waits a moment. In the quiet, he turns the flashl towards the book. He opens up the old blue book and reads the first passage
11) 5) dialog: “A curator’s job is an important one, for it is the curator who decides what belongs in the museum. (MORE )
11) 7) dialog: In a way, anyone who collects things in the privacy of his own home is a curator..." As Ben continues reading we begin to DRIFT... INT. BEN’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 23 WE FLOAT down the hallway, into Ben’s old room, to his ol collection of objects, left behind in the dark... as if t book were describing him. As his V.O. continues we survey his rows of shells and strangely shaped stones and teeth and tiny animal skulls, fossils, pinecones, leaves from local trees, all arranged with handwritten cards annotating every find...
11) 8) dialog: “But how did the very first curators store their collections? They were kept in pieces of furniture called Cabinets of Wonder. Eventually, some collections grew beyond the confines of a single cabinet and took over entire rooms. See figure 9.” INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S BEDROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 24 Ben, still reading on his mother’s bed, turns the page to Figure 9. Lit by the red flashlight, the double-page spread feature ancient engraving of a CABINET OF WONDERS.
11) 9) dialog: (Whispers) Oh...my god. We see what he sees...a cabinet, perhaps, but of such ext unfoldability it appears to consume an entire room, leavi little more than the edge of its checkerboard floor. The endless drawers and shelves, filled with strange and vari objects - stuffed reptiles, decapitated heads, dried fish skeleton insects, to name but a few - all unfold from an intricately carved central cabinet, crowned with a crest sea shells and coral. A giraffe’s head peeks up from one of the cabinet. Ben's finger moves across the drawing, as if trying to to everything in it. Then he turns the page. 25 26 WONDERSTRUCK 18. There, pressed against the spine of the book, is an old yellow bookmark. He pulls it out for examination. The old, dog-eared relic depicts a burnt-red sketch of a bookstore, beneath which is printed: Kincaid Books 165 We 73rd street, New York, New York, 10024. 212 623 0723 He turns it over. There, on the back, in black ink, someone has written: Elaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny
12) 2) text: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 26 Outside, pounding thunder and flashing lightning. 27 28 WONDERSTRUCK 19. The bookmark shakes in Ben’s fingers. He looks again at t words: Elaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny
12) 3) dialog: (to himself) Danny... Ben turns the bookmark over and scans the address at the bottom for the phone number of the bookstore. A powder-blue phone is sitting on the night stand, within reach. Ben picks up the receiver and holds it against his good e He dials the number printed on the bookmark. The storm gr Each number rolls slowly around the rotary dial - 8...7.. with each one Ben’s heart beats faster - 8...8...9...0 .. watches the dial pivot back around the final time.
14) 2) text: INT. BEN’S HOUSE - MOTHER’S ROOM - 1977 - NIGHT 29 Ben’s eyes flutter open. SILENCE. He finds himself lying on the floor of his mom’s room. Peaceful in the silence. The storm must have passed. But something's wrong. The blue receiver is lying on the floor out of reach, bla and smoldering. The old book he found, soft-cover blue, lies open behind face down on the ground. With a strange slowness Ben turns his head towards the window. He sees rain still falling, shaking the trees, an lightning still flashing from the sky... yet there is sti no sound. No sound at all.
16) 2) dialog: Where am I? What happened? It sounds more like the memory of a voice than anything anyone could actually hear.
16) 3) dialog: (Mouthing the words...) What’s wrong? Hello? Hello? Aunt Jenny puts a finger to her mouth, mouthing: “Shhh,” indicating that she can hear him. The nurse hands Jenny a clipboard with a piece of paper, a pen. Aunt Jenny writes something down. She shows what s written to Ben: It’s OK. You had an accident. Ben doesn’t understand. Jenny crosses out what she wrote. She turns the pad aroun Ben can see and draws a simple house - a box with a trian on top. She adds a curly telephone line and a stick figur holding the line to his ear.
16) 4) text: She draws a storm cloud over the house, and a jagged lightning bolt coming out of the cloud, hitting the house Then she traces a line from the lightning bolt, through t house, through the telephone wire, into the stick figure’ head. Ben’s watches with wide, stricken eyes. BEN (CONT’D) (mouthing the words) I don’t remember. 32 33 WONDERSTRUCK 22. He grabs the pen and paper and writes: I can’t talk! Aunt Jenny writes back: Yes you can. You just can’t hear yourself. Then she underlines the word: yourself Ben, overwhelmed by everything, looks around helplessly a rests his head on the pillow. Jenny kisses his temple to to comfort him.
23) 0) text: Ben sees the bus station outside. He gets an idea.
31) 0) text: NEAR SILENCE. Ben has already been on the bus for a long time. He looks around the bus. There is a green army satc wedged between his legs. There are several conversations around him, though he can hear them, nor can we. A large BLACK WOMAN is sitting two rows in front of him. looks up at her, and it’s as if he’s aware of the echo of voice in the far far distance.
32) 0) text: SILENCE. Ben is sleeping. The talking woman is gone, as a most of the people from earlier on. His satchel is still his lap. The bus enters a tunnel. The lights inside the tunnel fla by at regular intervals, illuminating Ben, asleep. He looks up at the blurred-out city lights swirling throu the bus window. He rubs his eyes.
34) 0) text: SOUND - We see the bus coming to a stop. The hissing brak the clattering door, and then the hum behind that - a bre blurry barking station announcements, revving engines, echoing voices. Ben is one of the last people off the bus. He exits into dim station, full of dark shadowy corners. There is garba everywhere.
35) 0) text: Inside, the filthy orange tiles and brown bricks do littl warm the place up. Clumps of people sit or sleep against their bags, huddled on benches or against walls, some ben sheets of cardboard. He sees a woman rooting through a garbage can. A clock on the wall reads 3:46 AM. SILENCE. Ben tries to figure out which way to head. He wanders upstairs to a dank waiting lounge and looks aroun for a spot he can settle into. He finds a dark corner, near a cigarette machine, and sin down onto a plastic seat, clutching his bag like armor. As he tries to close his eyes we DRIFT OFF slowly, across sad and lonely lounge, where other clumps of lonely peopl have settled in for the night.
38) 0) text: SILENCE. Ben watches as the city passes by, trying to gua his emotions. Inside, though, he can’t believe his eyes. Crumbling tenements, graffiti covered walls, shattered windows, garbage. 63 WONDERSTRUCK 32. And the faces of people sitting on stoops or standing on corners, staring back at him as if he a stranger from ano planet. At least that’s what it feels like to him, walkin uptown. Suddenly - he is bumped hard by someone passing by - and SOUND rips in - screaming sirens, barking dogs. Ben spots a hot dog vendor at the corner. He is starving. He takes out his wallet and rifles for a single dollar. A HAND comes out of the crowd and snatches it. Ben looks up in a panic, and spots the THIEF running away
38) 1) dialog: Hey! Stop! Give that back! Ben tears off after him. He sees the thief tossing someth behind him before vanishing around a corner. Ben squeezes past an elderly couple and spots something u ahead, dropped in the gutter. It’s his wallet. Ben snatches it up and hovers near a doorway. His money i gone but he’s relieved to see that both the article about mother and the quote about the stars have survived. Dejected, starving, and without any money, Ben puts the wallet back into his pocket. He forges ahead into the sil madness.
44) 0) text: SOUND. Ben continues to walk uptown. He’s starting to bak the heat, as two BUSINESSMEN, sweating through their polyester suits, nearly knock him over. He decides to turn off the Avenue onto a cross-street. There, a group of shirtless BOYS, his age and older, most black and Latino, have opened up a fire hydrant and are playing in the wild spray. Ben stumbles right into the water, shocked by the sudden wetness and cold. He jumps backwards and is nearly swiped a taxi. 69 70 WONDERSTRUCK 37. One of the boys at the fire hydrant watches Ben as he pas As Ben continues by, a rainbow is caught in the mist. A f LITTLE GIRLS stand watching, next to some bikes left on t sidewalk..
45) 0) text: SOUND continues as Ben walks past a burnt-out building. A large BLACK MAN sits out on a tangled stoop, drinking a beer from a can. SILENCE. Ben accelerates down the street until he sees th building that matches the number on the book mark.
46) 5) dialog: Hey! Ben catches the boy’s eye, and for some reason decides to follow.
50) 1) text: Ben dodges through the crowd, spotting glimpses of the bo ahead, his striped shirt and green backpack, walking bris with his father. 75 76 WONDERSTRUCK 40. Ben turns a corner, thinking he’s lost them. Then, half-w up a huge concrete staircase, he spots the two of them. T are about to enter a building on Central Park West that l like some kind of castle. Ben sees a statue of a figure on horseback in the middle the staircase. There are giant columns across the facade, banners fluttering in the wind. People sit on the stairs. mime entertains the crowd. The boy turns back, just before entering the building, an catches sight of Ben. He gives Ben a smile, then vanishes through the revolving door. Ben wonders if the boy wants him to follow. He sees a sign at the top of the steps with the name of t building on it:
51) 6) dialog: Hey that’s mine! He spots the boy, crouched down beneath a stanchion at th far right end of the room. He’s smiling at Ben, waving Be wallet. He beckons him to follow. Ben runs over, but when he gets there, the boy is gone. B looks around, makes sure the guard isn’t watching, and sn under the stanchion. 77 78 79 80 81 WONDERSTRUCK 42.
52) 0) text: Ben runs through a large entry-way where he finds himself facing down a herd of elephants. It’s the Hall of African Mammals. The dioramas lining the walls on either side of room glow like windows into other worlds, and herds of sc children run like mad from animal to animal. He glances around: Where did the boy go? He spots him thr the forest of elephant legs in the middle of the room. He starts after him again, as the game of chase ensues throughout the museum.
53) 0) text: SOUND. The boy runs past a giant mosquito in a large glas covered display. A moment later Ben runs past it as well. They turn into silhouettes as they dash past the glowing displays of trees.
57) 0) text: The boy passes beneath the giant whale and Ben comes runn after him.
58) 0) text: SOUND. Ben follows the boy into an octagonal room and com upon a giant black rock. He sees a sign and unconsciously whispers the words to himself as he reads
58) 1) dialog: “This meteorite fell to earth thousands of years ago, and was brought to the museum in 1902... All meteorites begin their journeys to Earth as shooting stars, burning across the night sky.”
60) 0) text: SOUND. Ben walks around the meteorite, touching the black surface...
62) 0) text: SOUND - Museum speakers chime, ushering an announcement, striking an eerie note as Ben’s eyes scan the ceiling mir for any sign of the boy.
64) 0) text: Past the strewn pennies and nickels on the roof of the meteorite we arrive at... a hand waving, the flash of a grinning face and the boy running off again. Ben leaps back into action.
66) 0) text: SOUND. Ben sees the boy, standing at the end of a narrow corridor lined with dioramas, waiting. Ben catches his breath, then walks in his direction. The is laughing.
68) 0) text: SILENCE. The boy is talking but Ben can only watch his li move. Ben now notices that the boy is pointing.
70) 0) text: Ben’s eyes widen in shock. He’s looking at: 96 97 WONDERSTRUCK 47. The Wolf Diorama. There, behind the glass, are two wolves - frozen, as if galloping through the artificial snow, at night, bathed i blue moonlight. The aurora borealis blazes in the painted sky. It’s exactly like his dream. Ben drops his satchel and the boy can’t help but notice t shocked look on his face.
72) 0) text: ...-The wolf diorama. The boy is trying to talk to Ben, but Ben ignores him and reads the sign to the left side of the diorama. The first line of the sign says: Wolf (Canis Lupis)... And below that: Gunflint Lake, Minnesota Ben is in shock as he reads the display description: “This typical December winter scene is placed at the marg of Gunflint Lake. The time is Midnight.” SILENCE. Ben, overwhelmed, stumbles backwards, leaving hi satchel where he’d dropped it. He backs into the wall opposite the diorama and slides to the floor, never takin his eyes off the diorama. How is this possible? SOUND. The boy runs over to Ben trying to help him.
72) 2) dialog: (Speaking too loud) Why did you stop here, in front of this...? The boy sits next to Ben and tries to quiet him.
72) 4) dialog: (shaking his head) I can’t hear you.
72) 6) dialog: Because I’m deaf.
72) 8) dialog: Here.
72) 11) dialog: (reading) Jamie. Ben now points to himself. BEN (CONT’D) (Too loud) I’m Ben.
72) 14) dialog: I don’t know sign language.
72) 16) dialog: (quieter now, trying to modulate his voice) I’ve only been deaf for... actually it just happened.
72) 18) dialog: (reading his lips) Lightning.
72) 22) dialog: (shrugs ) Not always. WONDERSTRUCK 50. Jamie thinks for a second, then writes: Is it scary? BEN (CONT’D) Being hit by lightning? Jamie shakes his head. Writes: Being deaf. BEN (CONT’D) (shrugs ) Oh. Sometimes. Mostly it’s just... quiet. Behind them an OLD WOMAN enters the exhibit hall. Jamie t special notice of her, confiding in Ben.
72) 24) dialog: What?
74) 0) text: SOUND. The door crashes open and Jamie leads Ben up a fli of stairs.
75) 0) text: The boys sneak out and Jamie shows Ben how to slither pas open office doorway where two SECRETARIES are working - f Jamie, then Ben. Jamie motions Ben around a corner. There Jamie approaches old double door at the end of the hallway. The sign on th door: PRIVATE, CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC Jamie motions Ben to quietly follow him inside. Jamie sto moment, hearing the click-click of someone approaching do the hall. He holds up a finger to his mouth to Ben, warni him to be quiet. Then he very quietly turns the knob of t door and slips inside. Ben quietly follows.
76) 0) text: Ben follows him through a dark narrow passageway with cha and tables stacked to the ceiling along one wall. The nar room opens up to a large open space with a tall ceiling. plastic tarps cover tall dusty windows overlooking a shaftway, so the light that filters in is dusty and gray. The room appears to be about half as big as it once was d to all the masses of items stored within - half of them o diorama’s, like the ones Ben and Jamie had passed between What’s left of the room is filled with crumbling boxes spilling with papers, shelves, ledgers, objects wrapped i cloth, a pile of old furniture, all piled up to the water stained ceiling - everything coated with thick layers of dust.
76) 1) dialog: (looking around) What is this place?
76) 5) dialog: (After reading his words) Thanks.
76) 7) dialog: Oh. Ben pauses, then he takes out his wallet. He unfolds the article about his mom’s death and hands it to Jamie.
76) 8) dialog: My mom... Jamie reads it. He furrows his brow sympathetically.
76) 10) dialog: Yeah.
76) 13) dialog: That’s who I came here to find.
76) 15) dialog: No. Ben takes WONDERSTRUCK 54.
76) 17) dialog: Hmm. Oh. out the Kincaid’s bookmark and hands it to Jamie. BEN (CONT’D) I thought he might be here.
76) 19) dialog: Yeah, obviously!
76) 21) dialog: What are you saying? Write it down!
76) 23) dialog: My cousin Janet helped me. She owed me a favor, so she brought my bag and some things with some money from my mother’s rainy day fund. WONDERSTRUCK 55.
76) 25) dialog: No. No one knows where I am.
76) 27) dialog: I’m starving.
76) 31) dialog: Thank you. Jamie, while still a few bites into his sandwich, raises right hand and makes a fist. Then he straightens his fing and crosses his thumb over his palm. Next he makes the sh of a crescent moon. He’s repeating the shapes he’d made earlier - the sign language alphabet. He next touches all his fingers to his thumb except for h index finger, which he points straight up. Jamie motions for Ben to repeat what he’s doing. When Ben trouble getting the shape right, Jamie adjusts Ben’s hand bending a finger or tightening a fist. They continue through the alphabet, finishing their sandw halves, as we float around the storage room, taking in al its dusty details, its piles and boxes and antique trays. quiet bit of MUSIC, perhaps associated with ROSE’s story, filters in. 102 WONDERSTRUCK 56.
77) 3) dialog: (still chewing) Mm-hmm. Jamie then pulls out a photo of a brown skinned woman wit long dark hair and dark eyes. She’s standing next to a br apartment building with a tree and some taxis in the background. The image is nearly washed out by the sun.
77) 5) dialog: Queens? You don’t live in New York?
77) 7) dialog: What?
77) 9) dialog: Oh... And this. Ben presents to Jamie his treasured item - the first pers he’s been able to share it with yet! He hands him WONDERSTRUCK, which Jamie opens.
77) 11) dialog: I found it in my mom’s room. It’s from here except a long time ago. Jamie flips through the pages. BEN (CONT’D) ...it’s where I found the bookmark. For Kincaid’s. It’s why I’m here. Exhausted, Ben starts to sink and close his eyes. He yawn
77) 13) dialog: Sorry. I'm really tired. Jamie jumps up.
77) 15) dialog: Okay. Jamie grabs a caveman rug off of a nearby shelf. Ben stan up and together they unfold the rug and lay it out flat o the floor. A tired Ben collapses. Jamie reaches down and wraps the bottom of the rug over him to use as a blanket. They laugh as Jamie turns off the light and heads towards door.
77) 17) dialog: Thanks, Jamie. Ben looks around the room and smiles before closing his e and falling asleep.
79) 0) text: Up ahead a crowd stands on line at the entrance to a newl opened exhibition. Rose sneaks unseen towards the front o the line. Rose glances back, and sees the cops, the guard and the Security Chief consulting near the stairwell. The Chief points them in the direction of the exhibition ahead. She approaches the entry to the exhibition. The large sig stationed by the entrance reads: Cabinets of Wonder. How Museums Began She weaves her way into the exhibition, joining the mingl spectators. What she discovers inside is something she’s never seen before. The exhibition is a recreation of an old Cabinet of Wonde right down to the fossils, strange fish, and thousand oth magnificent and fascinating objects. We recognize it immediately from Figure 9, the engraving in Ben’s book...except it’s real. Rose walks towards the free-standing cabinet in the cente the room, the one with a crown at the top made of coral a seashells. A taxidermied giraffe’s head seems to peek up one edge Rose looks back and sees the cops arriving at the exhibit She quickly starts looking around for a place to hide as CONRAD, a Saleswoman, informs a YOUNG MAN with glasses working near her at the souvenir stand, about the police are after a girl in the museum. 105 106 WONDERSTRUCK 59. Slipping behind the central display, Rose finds a hollow space behind a rear cabinet and slides down to the floor. pulls her knees up to her chin, propping her bag next to
80) 0) text: SOUND. Jamie flickers a flashlight on Ben as he sleeps. B doesn’t stir, so Jamie tosses snacks on him to rouse him his sleep.
80) 2) dialog: No.
80) 4) dialog: I can’t hear you!
81) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben down a long hallway. Most of the interior lights have been turned off so they follow the beam of th flashlight. Jamie suddenly stops. Both of them startled.
83) 0) text: Jamie and Ben press their bodies flatly against the wall SECURITY GUARD enters the hallway.
85) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben up a dank stairwell.
87) 0) text: The boys go through a maze of hallways, smaller now and m cluttered with old things in storage. They come to a sign that says Workshop and inside they explore the place where all the exhibitions are made. 113 WONDERSTRUCK 61. There are walls of metal tools and jars of mysterious liq and sinks and chairs. Cabinets with molds and display sta line the walls. Animal forms hang from the ceiling. Jamie leads Ben through a series of storage rooms and wor rooms, and the boys run their hands across shelf after sh of old dinosaur bones and rows of little birds in boxes a seashells, bugs, ancient clothing, spear heads, turquoise jewelry, ivory buttons and a thousand other fascinating things. Ben breathes deeply. He’s thrilled.
87) 1) dialog: Wow. Ben plays with some of the objects.
87) 4) dialog: Hey. Check this out. Jamie emerges and approaches Ben with his flashlight.
88) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben to another hallway lined on both sides as as they could see with black filing cabinets, five drawer high. 114 115 WONDERSTRUCK 62. Ben stops and opens one of the filing cabinets. It’s stuf completely with papers and files and photos. Ben opens a drawer at random, reaches into a file, and pu out a large black and white photo of the museum in the 1920's. It’s the entrance that we’ve seen Rose go into.
88) 1) dialog: Jamie. What is all this stuff?
91) 0) text: SOUND. Jamie and Ben are hurrying back into the storage r switching on the lights and catching their breath.
91) 2) dialog: What? The boys fall to the floor huddled over a green folder they've taken. There’s a small plastic tab at the top of file and inside is a piece of paper that says: WOLF: Gunf Lake, Minnesota
91) 4) dialog: The wolves.
91) 6) dialog: (reading) February, ‘65... That’s the year before I was born. Ben and Jamie uncover several drawings of wildlife, egret etc. But mostly more wolves in every possible position. B marvels at the way they run and sit and jump across the pages. He and Jamie look at each other.
91) 8) dialog: Wow.
91) 10) dialog: Aurora.
91) 13) dialog: It’s my house. He and Jamie look at each other. Ben searches intensely through the file. Next come a small group of legal papers, contracts, lette receipts, charts and tickets. A letter on museum stationary has the date November 27th, 1964 typed on it. Ben reads: BEN (CONT’D) Miss Elaine Wilson. That’s my mom. We scroll down the letter as Ben reads it. Jamie looks ov Ben’s shoulder...
91) 14) dialog: “Dear Miss Wilson... I will be spending a few months in Gunflint Lake, researching a new diorama for the museum. As the town librarian, I hope you can help me with this research. Please contact me at the address above... Thank you very much... Daniel Lobel” WONDERSTRUCK 65. The title below his name reads: Exhibition Preparator, Th American Museum of Natural History.
91) 15) dialog: “Daniel. Lobel” Ben is holding the letter from Daniel Lobel. His hands sh BEN (CONT’D) This has to be my dad. Your father...maybe he still remembers him! You have to ask him in the morning!
91) 17) dialog: (reading as he writes) “I've... never... shown... anyone... the museum... before.” Jamie, continues talking casually, as if Ben could understand:
91) 20) dialog: It’s okay. Keep it on. My mom had one like that. The bold tinny intro to The Sweet’s hit, “Fox On The Run, rings out. And Ben puts his hand on the black fabric stretched across the speaker. BEN (CONT’D) I can feel the vibrations. Jamie and Ben start bopping their heads to the music. The look at each other and smile. Ben makes a shape with his hand. He is going to spell something...
93) 0) text: SOUND: Somewhere pigeons coo. Ben is asleep, wrapped in t caveman blanket. Jamie is next to him, watching his frien sleeping. There’s a wistfulness in his expression. He ope the “WONDERSTRUCK” book for diversion and grabs the flashlight. He turns a page, and stops, staring at someth He has turned to figure 9, which intrigues him. Something crosses Jamie’s mind, and he turns the flashlight onto th room, sweeping the beam of light across its cluttered wal and piles of stuff. He looks down and sees the checker-board pattern on the f which is not unlike the floor in the drawing. Then... Jamie, as if in a trance, gets up and notices a dangling above the area where Ben is sleeping. He pulls on the rop cloth comes tumbling down, unleashing a cloud of dust. Ja coughs. He shines his flashlight up high, illuminating a large giraffe head wrapped in plastic that’s been reveale The giraffe’s black glass eye glimmers in the light. Jamie stares in wonder. He runs over to jostle Ben, who jumps.
93) 2) dialog: What - what is it? What - what is it? Jamie hands Ben the book and flashlight, open to Figure 9
93) 4) dialog: It’s the same. It’s the same! We're in the Cabinet of Wonders! How did this happen? He looks at the book in his hand. BEN (CONT’D) Why did my father have this book? Why was there a picture of my house in that file?? What is going on? WONDERSTRUCK 69. Jamie does not respond. Ben can tell something is wrong.
93) 5) dialog: 
93) 8) dialog: What? Jamie writes something in response. He shows it to Ben. BEN (CONT’D) (reading out loud) “I wanted to show you” - what? Jamie corrects a letter with his pen. BEN (CONT’D) (reading the corrected word) “stuff" ? (he looks at Jamie) “I wanted to show you stuff”? What does that mean? WONDERSTRUCK 70.
93) 10) dialog: WHAT? I can't understand you!
93) 12) dialog: (reading his lips) You were going to tell me?
93) 14) dialog: How long were you going to take?
93) 16) dialog: Yeah, well... If you wanted to be my friend you would have helped me find my father!
93) 20) text: EXT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - LATER - 1977 - MORNING 121 SOUND. It’s early morning in the city but a hazy cloud of heat still hangs in the air. Ben stands staring from acro the street at the OPEN sign in the window of Kincaid’s Bookstore. Somewhere, birds are already chirping. Ben makes his way across the street, barely avoiding a rushing car. INT. KINCAID’S BOOKS - MOMENTS LATER - 1977 - MORNING 122 SOUND. A bell rings. Ben enters. Music from the 1920's is playing on a tape machine behind the counter.
93) 22) dialog: Hello? Sunshine is pouring in through the front windows. Shelves with books extend floor to ceiling. Ladders and boxes everywhere. Posters on the ceiling. And that chocolatey s of old books. WONDERSTRUCK 72. In the center of the store a wood staircase rises to a se level. Every step is lined with more books. There are no customers. And no employees in sight. Suddenly Ben sees a small dog barking at him from the top the stairs. Ben takes a step toward the dog to calm him down but the goes running off out of sight. BEN (CONT’D) Hello? Hello? Ben, not hearing anything, wipes his forehead with the in of his shirt and saunters in further, seeing no one. He starts up the stairs. Upstairs he sees no one either. He sits down on a bench a the top and decides to wait. He places his satchel beside banister and puts his head down on one arm. He yawns. He doesn’t see (or hear) an OLD MAN approaching from the of the store with an inventory book.
94) 9) dialog: I... I don’t know sign language.
94) 11) dialog: You can hear? The Old Man nods.
94) 13) dialog: But she’s deaf?
94) 15) dialog: I had an accident recently. That's why I can’t hear. The Old Man translates this to the Old Woman.
94) 18) dialog: Yeah, thanks. I’m sorry I just... fell asleep for a second. WONDERSTRUCK 76. He goes to collect his fallen belongings and put them bac into his satchel. The Old Woman kneels down to help Ben collect his things. picks up an old book that had fallen out, and turns it ov revealing Ben’s copy of WONDERSTRUCK. She stops, staring at the cover of her book, then tilts i the direction of the Old Man. He stiffens when he sees it turns to look the Old Woman in the eye. Then they both lo at Ben. Ben stops, realizing they are staring at him with the odd expression. In the eyes of the Old Woman he sees confusio and wonderment and sadness, all rolled into one. She glances down again at the drawings and photos that Be had taken from the museum. When she looks back up at Ben, tears have flooded her eyes. She sways, losing balance, a the Old Man grabs ahold of her. She wipes the tears from eyes. To the Old Man:
94) 22) dialog: How do you know my name? WONDERSTRUCK 77. The Old Man translates Ben’s words into sign, but the Old Woman, who can lip read well, stays fixed on Ben. She wri in the notebook: Where is your mother? Ben, unsure how to answer at first, takes out his wallet hands her the article about his mom’s death. She gasps, sharing it with the Old Man. BEN (CONT’D) Did you know her? She hands Ben back the article. The Old Man writes: How did you find us? Ben roots around in his pockets and finds the Kincaid’s b mark. He points to the note on the back, handing it to th Old Woman. Rose looks at the bookmark and reads: Elaine, I’ll wait f you. Love, Danny. Her eyes well with tears, she turns to Walter and shows h BEN (CONT’D) I came here trying to find my father. Do you know him? The Old Man translates for the Woman. BEN (CONT’D) Who are you? How do you know my name? Rose writes a note for Ben: I’m Rose. This is my brother Walter. Rose signs their names. Walter, the Old Man, nods, smiles gently. Ben is confused. BEN (CONT’D) I saw you at the wolf diorama in the museum! Walter signs Ben’s words to Rose.
94) 23) dialog: What is going on? Tell me! Rose’s face looks sad and complicated. She gets an idea. 126 127 WONDERSTRUCK 78.
94) 25) dialog: Where? She reads his lips but signs to Walter instead:
96) 0) text: Ben follows as she leads him to an empty bench and sits, motioning him to join her. There she pulls out the notebo and pen, opens to a clean page - and pauses. Ben stares a the side of her face. Then Rose looks down and starts to write. When Ben glances down at the page, she keeps writing but turns slightly away so he can’t read it yet. A crowd slowly gathers, awaiting the next bus. The bus arrives but Rose keeps writing. 128 129 130 131 WONDERSTRUCK 79.
97) 0) text: More crowds. Lonely faces. More buses. Finally, just as another bus approaches, Rose clicks her tears some pages out of her notebook and puts them in her pocket. Then she grabs Ben’s hand, hurrying them onto the bus.
98) 1) text: SOUND. Ben and Rose are walking by the Unisphere, the gia silver globe from the 1964 World’s Fair. Lightning flashe the distance. They come to a large building and find the entrance. Lettering over the door reads:
98) 3) dialog: What is this? Where are we? Rose sits on a bench at the edge of the Panorama and indicates Ben should sit too. She takes out her pad and t to the beginning of the story she’d written on the subway She hands it to Ben. As he begins to read, we zoom across the Panorama.
98) 4) dialog: “I need you to be patient with this story and read it slowly. I've worked in the Queens Museum for fifteen years now, but the story I need to tell you begins a long time before that. We come to the tiny Unisphere and the model of the Queens Museum itself on the Panorama...
98) 5) dialog: “When I was a little girl, in 1927, I came to New York for the very first time...” We fly to the model of the American Museum of Natural His on the Panorama.
98) 6) dialog: “It was my brother Walter who finally rescued me. I found him at The Museum of Natural History where he was working...” We continue to fly across the Panorama...
98) 7) dialog: “I begged him to help me, to get me away from our mother and father. I wanted to stay in New York, I wanted to learn things!” We come to a stop in front of the model of a school, a ti wooden structure with a paper facade. Ben continues to read.
98) 8) dialog: “The first thing Walter did was help me find a school for deaf children. I didn’t even know such a thing existed!” 132 133 WONDERSTRUCK 81. [What follows are a SERIES OF FLASHBACKS, using miniature dioramas, all built by hand out of objects from Ben’s lif These dioramas show us how Ben is imagining the scenes th Rose is describing in her notes. First, we find ourselves in a miniature recreation of a school for the deaf. ]
99) 1) dialog: “My parents divorced when I was very young. It was a big scandal back then because my mother was famous...” A miniature figure of Rose sits with two girls, one of wh shares a movie magazine with Lillian Mayhew on the cover. Through the door to the hall, Rose spots the miniature figures of boys coming out of the printing press room, th hands black from typesetting. One handsome boy, (BILL), a little older than Rose hersel is sharing a hand rag with a schoolmate. He smiles at her sweetly, in his rolled-up shirtsleeves. The miniature figure of Rose smiles back.
99) 2) dialog: “It was there at school I met my Bill, who was training to be a printer. We married and before we knew it had a baby boy.” WE SWEEP across the streets of Manhattan. EXT/INT. BILL AND ROSE’S APARTMENT - 1940'S - DAY -(DIORA We glimpse the tiny family as we enter through the miniat window into their apartment
99) 3) dialog: “The times as they were, everyone worried about us raising a hearing child...” 134 135 136 137 WONDERSTRUCK 82. We see the miniature figures of BILL and ROSE, with a bab Rose’s lap, posing for a self-portrait that Bill snaps wi push of a button on the camera. A light flashes.
99) 4) dialog: “,..But our boy managed to handle his lack of deafness just fine...” INT. AMNH - EXHIBITIONS DEPT. - 1950’S - DAY - (DIORAMA) Another miniature memory. We see miniature figures of peo sitting at endless desks working on displays, fossils, models, etc...
99) 5) dialog: “Soon after I had married, Walter helped me get a job at the museum, in the exhibitions department. I'd always loved making models so it suited me well.”
100) 1) dialog: “I worked there for many years, along side my son.” INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - DAY 136 Ben continues to read.
100) 2) dialog: “But soon planning began for the 1964 World’s Fair...” Ben looks up at Rose. She gestures to a TV built into the exhibition, which Ben turns to. On the screen WE SEE:
100) 5) dialog: “One of those attractions was going to be the Panorama, a scale model of the entire city of New York, all five boroughs, all 895,000 buildings, the largest architectural model ever built. It was an opportunity I couldn’t pass up so I left the Museum of Natural History to work on the Panorama in Queens.” The AERIAL view of Manhattan dissolves into:
101) 1) dialog: “Sadly, my Bill had passed away by then. So it was just my son and me.” Now the Panorama turns into:
102) 1) dialog: “When the World’s Fair ended, the Panorama was so popular they decided to keep it open. But they needed someone to maintain the model, so they hired me for the job.” 141 142 WONDERSTRUCK 84.
103) 1) dialog: “Around that time, our son was appointed the lead designer on a new diorama at the Museum of Natural History, the youngest person to ever have that honor. But you already know this part. The figure of the man turns. He is smiling.
103) 2) dialog: The job would send him up to Gunflint Lake...” Ben stops reading suddenly.
104) 2) dialog: Your son is... Danny? Rose reads his lips. She nods, signing his name, the lett ‘D’ pointed to her heart. Ben realizes what this means. He stares at Rose. BEN (CONT’D) (in wonder) You're my grandmother? Rose reads his lips and nods, instinctively signing the w for grandmother. Tears come to her eyes. BEN (CONT’D) Where is he? I came all the way from Minnesota to find him! Where is he?? Rose gets up and leads Ben out onto the Atlantic Ocean. They carefully walk up towards Manhattan, like giants. They step over the Verrazano Narrows Bridge. 143 WONDERSTRUCK 85. Their feet clear the tiny cables of the bridge. Rose leads Ben up the narrow stretch of the East River, stepping over the Brooklyn Bridge, the Manhattan Bridge a the Williamsburg bridge. Ben looks across the model, like Gulliver in Lilliput. Rose points to the writing pad, indicating he should keep reading. Of course the answer is already in his hands.
104) 3) text: Ben looks at the page...
104) 4) dialog: “,..The librarian he'd contacted to help him with his research happened to own a small cabin, and he rented it from her...”
105) 0) text: Headlights of a miniature truck (in fact it’s a toy truck from Ben's room) approach Ben’s old street, revealing a figure silhouetted in the door of the house, waving in th headlights.
107) 0) text: Ben looks up to Rose then back down. He continues to read
107) 2) dialog: “,..Eventually he completed the diorama of the wolves. I still go visit it whenever I can. It’s the only one he got to make.” INT. ELAINE’S HOME - 1965 - NIGHT -(DIORAMA) 147 The miniature figure of Elaine spots a brown paper packag that’s been left for her on her desk. Inside is a tiny copy of WONDERSTRUCK, She sees the bookm and turns it over: Flaine, I’ll wait for you. Love, Danny 148 149 WONDERSTRUCK 87. INT. QUEEN’S MUSEUM - PANORAMA - 1977 - NIGHT 148 Ben has come to the end of the writing. He turns to Rose, pulls the last few pages from her pocket. She’s been hold on to them. She hands them gently to Ben.
107) 3) dialog: “Your dad was ill Ben, he had a heart condition, the same one his father had. It kept him out of the war. But a few years after he returned from Gunflint Lake, his heart...” Ben looks up at Rose. Night is falling in the Panorama and the fluorescent ligh are coming up again across the city. Ben looks away. Rose takes his hand. He lets her take him her arms and he starts to cry. Soon the lights start to come up across the city. Rose ha been crying too. She points again to the notebook. Ben doesn’t want to kee reading, but Rose insists...
107) 4) dialog: “,..This Panorama is not just a model of New York City. It’s also the story of your father’s life.” Ben looks up at Rose who smiles. She points. Keep reading
107) 6) dialog: “When I took the job, I thought it would be fun to secretly personalize the Panorama. I hid little mementos from your father’s life inside the buildings...” Just before setting it into place she slips a bitten penc stub beneath the model of the school. MATCH DISSOLVE TO: 150 151 152 153 WONDERSTRUCK 88.
108) 0) text: Ben and Rose are standing on the East River. Rose leads Ben around the southern tip of Manhattan, step over the bridges again. They head up the other side of th island, along the Hudson River, until they are standing o the blue painted water that separates Manhattan from New Jersey. Rose carefully leans over the Panorama, grips the America Museum of Natural History and pulls upward. There is a li resistance but the entire city block gives way. Rose turns it over and picks out a piece of paper folded ago. She opens it and hands it to Ben. It’s a child’s drawing of two wolves running through the snow. Ben thinks Danny must have drawn it, but then he looks at signature on the drawing and is shocked. It’s signed: Ben. He looks up at Rose.
109) 0) text: SOUND. A crowd of miniature figures, dressed in black, is gathering beneath the blue whale - which we might recogni as the same toy whale that had been in Ben’s room earlier We see the miniature figure of Rose, standing with the ot mourners. She turns to see: The miniature figure of Elaine, standing apart from the others, with a miniature figure of 4-year-old BEN at her side, who holds a piece of paper. 154 155 156 WONDERSTRUCK 89.
109) 1) dialog: “I knew everyone at Danny’s funeral except for two people, a woman and a little boy. She introduced herself and I recognized her name from Danny’s letters. She told me she'd brought her son earlier and showed him the diorama Danny had made.” The figure of Elaine holds little Ben’s hand. He shows Ro the paper. It’s his drawing of the two wolves in the dior
110) 1) dialog: I don’t remember any of this... Ben and Rose look out across the Panorama. In the distanc hear something that Ben and Rose can not: THUNDER. But something else catches Rose’s attention. A slight vibration. She pauses. We see the tiny flags on the model of the Queens Museum, out on the Panorama, vibrate ever so slightly with each c of thunder.
112) 0) text: There is rumbling, a terrible crash that Ben and Rose don flinch at. But there’s something strange that Rose is aware of.
112) 1) dialog: ...that’s why I dreamed of them, the wolves... I saw them! Rose looks at Ben, reminding him she can’t understand him he’s facing away from her. She points to the paper. She w him to write it. 157 WONDERSTRUCK 90. Ben starts to write, a smile on his face... Then, another much louder crash of thunder, the lights flicker for a moment. The flags on the model of the Queens museum vibrate again Then...
113) 1) dialog: (yelling) Hello? What happened? Help! Rose makes a strangled sound that might be the word “come but it’s hard to tell... In the dimmest dark we spot Rose taking a step toward Ben grabbing his hand. More breathing. The Panorama creaks beneath their feet. After several more tense moments: A flash of light with a brief bursting sound. SILENCE. In the brief illumination, we see Rose and Ben holding ea other, terrified. A few more seconds of blackness then - Another flash of light with a noise: we see Ben turn his towards the exit of the Panorama.
113) 2) text: Blackness Another flash with a noise: Ben is leading Rose slowly do the Hudson River. 158 159 160 161 WONDERSTRUCK 91. Blackness Another flash with a noise: Ben is stepping over a bridge Blackness Another flash with a noise: They exit the Panorama.
114) 0) text: SILENCE. They are heading towards the door... Blackness. But a figure now seems to be visible outside t door up ahead. Another flash with a noise: But this time we see the sour of the light. It’s Jamie, holding his Polaroid camera. There are photos his feet. He is relieved to finally spot Ben and Rose.
114) 1) text: When Rose opens the door: SOUND. The noises of cars, honking. They stand outside the door. Ben is shocked to see Jamie.
114) 2) dialog: Jamie? How did you get here?
115) 0) text: All the streetlights in the parking lot are dark. The onl light outside is the moon. Strange distant sounds. Breaki glass. Ben is trying to lip-read what Jamie is saying...
115) 2) dialog: What?
116) 0) text: From an adjoining street a van is screeching crazily alon dark empty block. We can hear the radio from inside the v (and just make out the name painted on the side: Klein Gu Service) in the middle of a report about the blackout. Th van careens out of sight, followed by the rise of an approaching police siren. Rose instinctively pulls the boy closer to the door of th museum. Then she gets an idea. She brings the boys back inside the museum and locks the door behind her. But we remain outside, watching as they vanish into the d building. We begin to float upwards, coasting along the side of the museum, a movement that feels as if we’re caught on a gen breeze. The steadiness of the movement, however, is in contrast t the sounds we hear, the indications of violence and dange somewhere in the darkness. But as we continue our ascent up the side of the building the sounds begin to diminish. We find ourselves at the roof of the museum with the roun skeleton of the Unisphere silhouetted against the night s Trees shake. We travel onwards, across the roof now, past the ducts an air vents and flag poles, the debris gathered along the gutter of the roof. The sounds are almost all gone now. WONDERSTRUCK 93. And finally, we reach our destination. We've caught up with Rose, Ben and Jamie, who have come t the roof for refuge. They are standing in the gutter, looking down over a low wall. Rose squeezes Ben’s arm, then she points to Jamie, wantin know who he is. Unnoticed by Rose are more sounds in the background. A cr a shout. Rose repeats herself, signing: Who is this? Ben looks at Jamie, who looks back at him. A kind of understanding passes between them. Ben touches his palm to his chest (indicating: my) then raises his right hand and begins to fingerspell:
116) 1) dialog: 