72) 10) text: He writes on the pad: Jamie
72) 12) dialog: Shh! Jamie starts doing sign language with his hand, but Ben doesn’t understand.
72) 13) dialog: I learned it in school.
72) 15) dialog: Why?
72) 17) dialog: How?
72) 19) dialog: Lightning?? Ben nods.
72) 20) dialog: I thought lightning kills you.
72) 23) dialog: See that lady over there?
72) 25) dialog: She's always here. It’s so weird... (points to Ben’s satchel) You...runaway? Jamie makes his fingers into running legs. Ben understands and nods.
72) 26) dialog: From where? (writing and speaking) Where... are... you...from? After a moment of hesitation, Ben gets up and starts to w forward, towards the diorama, as if hypnotized. He raises arm and presses his finger to the sign on the wall next t the wolf diorama: “Gunflint Lake.” Jamie chuckles. Ben turns to him. He isn’t joking.
72) 27) dialog: Really? Jamie stands up and moves Ben so he is directly in front the diorama. He raises his Polaroid camera from around hi neck. Jamie takes his picture. The flash goes off, blindi Ben for a moment. The sound of the photo rushing out of t camera morphs into...
74) 0) text: SOUND. The door crashes open and Jamie leads Ben up a fli of stairs.
75) 0) text: The boys sneak out and Jamie shows Ben how to slither pas open office doorway where two SECRETARIES are working - f Jamie, then Ben. Jamie motions Ben around a corner. There Jamie approaches old double door at the end of the hallway. The sign on th door: PRIVATE, CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC Jamie motions Ben to quietly follow him inside. Jamie sto moment, hearing the click-click of someone approaching do the hall. He holds up a finger to his mouth to Ben, warni him to be quiet. Then he very quietly turns the knob of t door and slips inside. Ben quietly follows.
76) 0) text: Ben follows him through a dark narrow passageway with cha and tables stacked to the ceiling along one wall. The nar room opens up to a large open space with a tall ceiling. plastic tarps cover tall dusty windows overlooking a shaftway, so the light that filters in is dusty and gray. The room appears to be about half as big as it once was d to all the masses of items stored within - half of them o diorama’s, like the ones Ben and Jamie had passed between What’s left of the room is filled with crumbling boxes spilling with papers, shelves, ledgers, objects wrapped i cloth, a pile of old furniture, all piled up to the water stained ceiling - everything coated with thick layers of dust.
76) 2) dialog: My secret room! (he writes) My... secret... room — Jamie shows Ben what he wrote, then gestures:
76) 3) dialog: You can stay here. WONDERSTRUCK 53. He sits, writing something down, and Ben joins him, watch as he writes it.
76) 4) dialog: This can be - (writing): your... hideout!
76) 6) dialog: So... (he writes it down and says): Why... run... away?
76) 9) dialog: Oh.
76) 11) dialog: Sorry. He hands Ben back the article.
76) 12) dialog: What about your dad? Jamie writes on the pad: Dad
76) 14) dialog: Are your parents... (he writes) divorced?
76) 16) dialog: (points to himself) Mine are.
76) 18) dialog: Oh! I tried to tell you before - Kincaid’s- (grabs pen, starts writing) Kincaid’s... isn’t clo- He is writing: Kincaid’s isn’t ¢ - but he stops a moment. glances up at his face. Jamie resumes, turning the “c” into an “o” JAMIE (CONT'D). (writing and speaking) - open now.
76) 20) dialog: (suddenly sounding a little guilty) Hey, I didn’t know you were deaf. I didn’t know you were looking for your father. Otherwise I wouldn’t have told you...
76) 22) dialog: Yeah, sorry... So, I still don’t understand... He writes: How you got here alone?
76) 24) dialog: So... (writing and speaking): She... knows... where... you are?
76) 26) dialog: I do. Ben reads his lips and smiles. Ben’s stomach growls.
76) 28) dialog: Ooh! Jamie happily reaches into his knapsack and, like a magic trick, pulls out a sandwich.
76) 29) dialog: Ta-da! He gives half to Ben and keeps half for himself.
76) 30) dialog: There you go.
77) 1) dialog: Good... that’s good. (suddenly remembering) I almost forgot! I want to show you... Ben doesn’t understand him, but he watches as Jamie goes shelf and pulls out a shoe box filled with Polaroids. Ben stuffs the remaining portion of sandwich in his mouth and walks on his knees over to him. Jamie sorts through the pictures. Ben starts to flip through the photos. There seem to be hundreds of them. Most seem to be pictures taken around t museum, dinosaurs and lizards and birds. There are pictur of the dioramas, elks and the wolves and bears and buffal There are also lots of pictures of visitors, families, cl ups of shoes and coats and children, all unaware they are being photographed. One is a picture, from behind, of the woman they’d seen earlier near the wolf diorama. Jamie points to her.
77) 2) dialog: See! That lady! Remember her?
77) 4) dialog: My mom. Mi Madre. She works a lot. Jamie writes simultaneously: Mom Then: We live in Queens.
77) 6) dialog: Queens is in New York. WONDERSTRUCK 57.
77) 8) dialog: Forget it.
77) 10) dialog: Whoa.
77) 12) dialog: You okay?
77) 14) dialog: (gesturing with his words) Take a nap!
77) 16) dialog: I‘ll be back later. 103 104 WONDERSTRUCK 58.
79) 3) dialog: Ben - Ben!
80) 0) text: SOUND. Jamie flickers a flashlight on Ben as he sleeps. B doesn’t stir, so Jamie tosses snacks on him to rouse him his sleep.
80) 1) dialog: Wake up! Come on!
80) 3) dialog: I told my father I was staying over at a friend's house. So we have the whole museum to ourselves!
80) 5) dialog: Follow me! Come on! Jamie beckons for Ben to follow him into a dark hallway. groggily follows.
81) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben down a long hallway. Most of the interior lights have been turned off so they follow the beam of th flashlight. Jamie suddenly stops. Both of them startled.
83) 0) text: Jamie and Ben press their bodies flatly against the wall SECURITY GUARD enters the hallway.
85) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben up a dank stairwell.
87) 0) text: The boys go through a maze of hallways, smaller now and m cluttered with old things in storage. They come to a sign that says Workshop and inside they explore the place where all the exhibitions are made. 113 WONDERSTRUCK 61. There are walls of metal tools and jars of mysterious liq and sinks and chairs. Cabinets with molds and display sta line the walls. Animal forms hang from the ceiling. Jamie leads Ben through a series of storage rooms and wor rooms, and the boys run their hands across shelf after sh of old dinosaur bones and rows of little birds in boxes a seashells, bugs, ancient clothing, spear heads, turquoise jewelry, ivory buttons and a thousand other fascinating things. Ben breathes deeply. He’s thrilled.
87) 2) dialog: Hey, look. See? The light goes through. Jamie shines the flashlight through a glass eye as Ben pl another pair of glass eyes over his own eyes like a monst Jamie laughs. The boys continue through the room, touchin everything from clay masks to plaster wings as they pass. They stop at a butterfly mounted on a branch.
87) 3) dialog: Wow. Jamie blows a breath of air against the butterfly’s wings The wings flutter. Ben looks around and touches a wax sculpture of a bird an runs his fingers through the fur of a taxidermied mountai goat up above.
87) 5) dialog: Ben! Come on. Let’s go!
88) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben to another hallway lined on both sides as as they could see with black filing cabinets, five drawer high. 114 115 WONDERSTRUCK 62. Ben stops and opens one of the filing cabinets. It’s stuf completely with papers and files and photos. Ben opens a drawer at random, reaches into a file, and pu out a large black and white photo of the museum in the 1920's. It’s the entrance that we’ve seen Rose go into.
88) 2) dialog: (putting his finger to his lips) Shh. Secrets! Ben puts the photo back. He looks down the endless hallway at all the filing cabin An idea starts to form in his mind, but...
88) 3) dialog: Come on! Jamie leads Ben away from the cabinet at which he was looking. The label: Hall of North American Mammals
91) 0) text: SOUND. Jamie and Ben are hurrying back into the storage r switching on the lights and catching their breath.
91) 1) dialog: Open it!
91) 3) dialog: Come on, the file! Open it up. They flip through the pages and see photographs of birds, animals and trees that Ben knows from home. Photographs o the sky and clouds and stones and wide expanses of snow.
91) 5) dialog: Whoa. That is so cool. On the bottom of most of the photos it says “1965.”
91) 7) dialog: Whoa. Ben picks up the sketch of the wolves. WONDERSTRUCK 64.
91) 9) dialog: Yeah! They look at an illustration of a greenish night sky.
91) 11) dialog: Nice. Ben finds drawings of Gunflint Lake. Pictures of the lake trees. He comes upon a drawing of his own house, which he stares in shock.
91) 12) dialog: Ben? What is it? Ben doesn’t hear him. Jamie taps him on the shoulder and repeats: “What?” Ben can see his lips.
91) 16) dialog: Yeah. I will. Jamie, with great seriousness, lifts his camera. Ben hold the file to the side of his face and Jamie takes another picture of him, documenting the moment. The flash is brig and seems to linger in the air. Then he solemnly hands the camera to Ben who takes a pict of Jamie. Jamie shares his view of the note-pad with Ben and writes
91) 18) dialog: But I like it here. I don’t have a room at my dad’s place. (suddenly remembering something) Oh - Hold on! I think you’1l like this one. Jamie gets up and lifts a cardboard hood off a plastic battery-operated record player. He chooses a record from a nearby stack and puts it on th turntable. He lowers the arm and smiles, then stops and smacks his h indicating he’d done something stupid. Jamie points to his own ears. WONDERSTRUCK 66.
91) 19) dialog: Oh. I forgot.
91) 21) dialog: ("“Reading” the letter) F. Ben struggles to remember the next correct shape, then ma the letter R.
91) 22) dialog: 
91) 24) dialog: 
91) 26) dialog: 
91) 28) dialog: 
91) 30) dialog: 
91) 32) dialog: (Whispers) Friend. Cool. 117 118 WONDERSTRUCK 67.
93) 0) text: SOUND: Somewhere pigeons coo. Ben is asleep, wrapped in t caveman blanket. Jamie is next to him, watching his frien sleeping. There’s a wistfulness in his expression. He ope the “WONDERSTRUCK” book for diversion and grabs the flashlight. He turns a page, and stops, staring at someth He has turned to figure 9, which intrigues him. Something crosses Jamie’s mind, and he turns the flashlight onto th room, sweeping the beam of light across its cluttered wal and piles of stuff. He looks down and sees the checker-board pattern on the f which is not unlike the floor in the drawing. Then... Jamie, as if in a trance, gets up and notices a dangling above the area where Ben is sleeping. He pulls on the rop cloth comes tumbling down, unleashing a cloud of dust. Ja coughs. He shines his flashlight up high, illuminating a large giraffe head wrapped in plastic that’s been reveale The giraffe’s black glass eye glimmers in the light. Jamie stares in wonder. He runs over to jostle Ben, who jumps.
93) 1) dialog: Ben! Ben! Wake up. Come on! He shines the flashlight in his eyes. Ben stands.
93) 3) dialog: Look! Jamie then shifts the flashlight onto the unearthed cabin standing before them. Ben stands, stunned, taking it all
93) 7) dialog: (angry at himself, confessing something he knows Ben can’t hear) Because I don’t have any friends.
93) 9) dialog: (in defeat, another outburst Ben won’t understand) I was afraid if you found your father he'd take you away and if you didn't find him you'd just go back to Gunflint Lake and...
93) 11) dialog: (right to Ben) I was going to tell you!
93) 13) dialog: Yes! I swear-
93) 15) dialog: (writing his reply) I’m sorry!... Okay?! He holds up the pad where he’s written: I wanted you to b friend Ben starts gathering his things.
93) 17) dialog: I AM helping you! I’m helping you now! I’m helping you now! Ben grabs his satchel and heads for the door, without loo back. He slams the door behind him. Jamie looks after him, heartbroken. His only friend, lost
114) 0) text: SILENCE. They are heading towards the door... Blackness. But a figure now seems to be visible outside t door up ahead. Another flash with a noise: But this time we see the sour of the light. It’s Jamie, holding his Polaroid camera. There are photos his feet. He is relieved to finally spot Ben and Rose.
114) 1) text: When Rose opens the door: SOUND. The noises of cars, honking. They stand outside the door. Ben is shocked to see Jamie.
114) 3) dialog: I followed you!
115) 0) text: All the streetlights in the parking lot are dark. The onl light outside is the moon. Strange distant sounds. Breaki glass. Ben is trying to lip-read what Jamie is saying...
115) 1) dialog: Wait. I don’t understand!
115) 3) dialog: She’s the lady from... A screech of brakes from somewhere far off and Jamie turn
116) 0) text: From an adjoining street a van is screeching crazily alon dark empty block. We can hear the radio from inside the v (and just make out the name painted on the side: Klein Gu Service) in the middle of a report about the blackout. Th van careens out of sight, followed by the rise of an approaching police siren. Rose instinctively pulls the boy closer to the door of th museum. Then she gets an idea. She brings the boys back inside the museum and locks the door behind her. But we remain outside, watching as they vanish into the d building. We begin to float upwards, coasting along the side of the museum, a movement that feels as if we’re caught on a gen breeze. The steadiness of the movement, however, is in contrast t the sounds we hear, the indications of violence and dange somewhere in the darkness. But as we continue our ascent up the side of the building the sounds begin to diminish. We find ourselves at the roof of the museum with the roun skeleton of the Unisphere silhouetted against the night s Trees shake. We travel onwards, across the roof now, past the ducts an air vents and flag poles, the debris gathered along the gutter of the roof. The sounds are almost all gone now. WONDERSTRUCK 93. And finally, we reach our destination. We've caught up with Rose, Ben and Jamie, who have come t the roof for refuge. They are standing in the gutter, looking down over a low wall. Rose squeezes Ben’s arm, then she points to Jamie, wantin know who he is. Unnoticed by Rose are more sounds in the background. A cr a shout. Rose repeats herself, signing: Who is this? Ben looks at Jamie, who looks back at him. A kind of understanding passes between them. Ben touches his palm to his chest (indicating: my) then raises his right hand and begins to fingerspell:
116) 3) dialog: Friend. Rose takes Ben’s hand. He looks up at her with love. He t to Jamie, with the same dazzled look, and takes Jamie’s h Their faces, lit by moonlight, shine with surprise. They turn to the unlit skyline of Manhattan: quiet, dark, mysterious. Above it, hovering in the sky, a canopy of stars as clear bright as any in Gunflint Lake. The big dipper shines lik diamonds vaulting through the night. At this distance, in the strange silence, the city has be a place of peace. And at this moment the three of them are happy, looking a the stars. Jamie points up. Ben and Rose look. A meteor blazes across the sky.