5) 0) text: We float out from on the word: Stars (white on black) but in fancy letters to reveal... A 1920's fan magazine, the full headline: Our Brightest Stars. 11 12 WONDERSTRUCK 8. The featured actress is LILLIAN MAYHEW, a silent screen s with large eyes, a tiny mouth and long hair. A girl's hand caresses the page. Then - RIP! We see ROSE, a twelve-year-old girl, tear the page out of magazine. Long blonde hair, a simple light dress. Intense determined. Sad. The SHOPKEEPER, hearing the noise, looks up, spots Rose a starts yelling (though we do not hear any sounds). A mother and daughter shopping nearby turn to look at the commotion. Rose, with the torn page in her hand, runs past the mothe and daughter, out of the store. The mother pulls her daug closer, as if out of danger. The shopkeeper yells after Rose as she runs off down the street. What a strange little girl...
8) 2) text: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY 17 Rose is clearing the surface of her cluttered desk with o swipe. She is carefully loading a brush full of rubber ce onto the back of her clipping, coating the edges. She is carefully placing it in a large bound scrapbook and press down the corners. We can make out part of what it says as blows on it to dry: Will our brightest star turn out to be a permanent fixtur the heavens, or will she be a comet, who burns brightly f brief moment and then vanishes? She returns a toppled post-card from its place on her win sill. The card reads: Feb., 1927 - Happy Birthday, Rose, Walter and is addressed to: Miss Rose Kincaid, 168 River Street, Hoboken NJ. Mostly dry, Rose begins to flip back through the pages. W see the articles and ephemera Rose has collected, the dat moving backwards through time as she flips from back to front: Is Lillian’s Career Over? 18 WONDERSTRUCK 11. SCANDAL! A Divorce In Hollywood! Mayhew Shocker! - Movie Star Journeys With Young Actor There’s a small advertisement for a movie: FORBIDDEN LOVE, Starring Lillian Mayhew Lillian Mayhew’s Seventh Hit Picture In A Row Young Actress Marries Doctor Lillian Mayhew Is Engaged Mayhew Glows in Debut - A New Star On The Horizon? Rose closes the scrapbook and gazes out her window a mome in thought. Out the window, through a break in the trees, is a piece the Manhattan skyline that Rose has stared at every day o her life. As we DRIFT back into Rose’s room, past her lace curtains across her shelves of books, we find that she too has a t world on display on the shelves of her room, but hers is hand-made skyline. Countless buildings she has made from newsprint and magazine and paper line her shelves as if t city she longs for across the water has tumbled into her room.
9) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose approaches a bustling downtown block. In the center of it all is a cinema. The marquee reads: Lillian Mayhew in DAUGHTER OF THE STOR 20 21 22 WONDERSTRUCK 15.
39) 0) text: MUSIC. The windows of a city trolley flicker by, cascadin past faces and silvery reflections until we come to Rose, face pushed against the window, a crack of wind in her ha The trolley comes to a stop and we follow as she makes he way out the door and back onto the street. She looks arou for a street sign and hurries across the street. She turns a corner, and there it is. The Promenade Theate She approaches the grand, arching facade and stops to rea the marquee: Lillian Mayhew in MY MOTHER’S ADVICE. Tomorrow at 8 64 65 WONDERSTRUCK 33.
41) 0) text: MUSIC continues as she slithers past a STAGEHAND surround by props and costumes, slipping into the auditorium of th theater. Rose makes her way through a narrow corridor. Stepping ou she suddenly finds herself at the foot of the stage where full dress rehearsal is in progress. Lights beam down fro the dusty rafters setting the stage aglow. The set is a 1920's version of a garden in an 18th century French esta Rose suddenly stops dead in her tracks. There, onstage, is LILLIAN MAYHEW herself. She is dressed a 18th century costume with an adorned white powder wig, playing the young French noblewoman, ADELIS. Onstage with her is an actor playing her young handsome suitor, VALENTIN, and a man playing the elderly tutor, MONSIEUR RAQUEU. Two additional actors stand on either si of Raqueu, dressed as Sentries. At Adelis’s command, the two Sentries have just let go of Raqueu, who brushes off his clothing, indignantly. Lillia then addresses him, moving from one beam of light to the next. Despite her heavy theatrical make-up and oversized gestures, Lillian Mayhew is every bit as beautiful in the flesh as she is in her photographs. [The following dialogue from the play and what follows wi not be ‘heard’ but will be performed by the actors]: WONDERSTRUCK 34.
41) 1) dialog: Dear Raqueu, my time with you has been long. You remember my mother, Madame Onjolie, and her quiet, good heart. You remember her death and you’ve watched as my father grew bitter, shutting me away on these grounds, alone. But you know not that it was dreams of my mother that led me to Valentin and his poet’s heart. And it is my mother’s advice that I now take. Rose, who suddenly feels a tear come to her eye, accident knocks her embroidered bag into a ladder. A large light-b falls to the floor, shattering. Everyone turns, startled, including Lillian Mayhew. The DIRECTOR, seated in the orchestra, hollers
41) 3) dialog: Well, who do we have here? The Director continues barking from the orchestra as the STAGE MANAGER leaps to his feet.
41) 7) dialog: Now, now - haven’t any of you brutes ever seen a child before? (taking Rose by the hand) You come along with me... 66 67 WONDERSTRUCK 35.
42) 0) text: MUSIC builds as Lillian leads Rose down a shadowy hallway filled with old props, signs, and costume racks. A STAGEH stares. She comes to her dressing room door, bearing her and a gold star, and pushes open the door.
43) 0) text: Lillian shuts the door behind them, immediately dropping mask of kindness.
43) 1) dialog: What did you do to your hair? Look at you! Rose touches her newly cut hair. Lillian steps to the mir and removes her wig. She grabs a cigarette from her cigar case and lights it, taking a few deep drags, and begins talking to herself in great frustration.
43) 2) dialog: What on earth could be in that head of yours? What was your father thinking? (to Rose, who does not understand) Does he have any idea where you are? What in God’s name are you doing here?!... The tight skull cap under the wig makes her look even mor menacing. Rose takes out a pad of paper and writes someth down in reply. With great pleading eyes, she holds it up Lillian: I miss you, Mama. Lillian Mayhew, the great movie star - Rose’s mother - st back. She shakes her head, speaking to herself, in reply.
43) 3) dialog: What did I do to deserve this? (to Rose, yelling) (MORE )
43) 5) dialog: I’m working! Do you understand?! You can’t be running around on your own - you're DEAF! She gestures to her ear with the word and grabs back the scrawling furiously: You could get hit by a car or kidnap Rose takes the pad and writes something in reply, which s holds up: So could anyone! Lillian can’t take any more.
43) 6) dialog: Now I have to find someone to take you home! Rose doesn’t understand her. Lillian, exasperated, yells with forced exaggeration and strong gestures.
43) 7) dialog: (pointing out the door) I have to work! (sitting Rose down at the vanity) Now you stay put! She drops the pad and in front of her daughter, pats her roughly on the head and hurriedly replaces her wig. Then heads to the door, gathers her wits and leaves, closing t door behind her. Rose waits a moment, then goes to the door. Locked. She b on it but she is trapped. She wipes her eyes and looks up She spots a small window.