5) 0) text: We float out from on the word: Stars (white on black) but in fancy letters to reveal... A 1920's fan magazine, the full headline: Our Brightest Stars. 11 12 WONDERSTRUCK 8. The featured actress is LILLIAN MAYHEW, a silent screen s with large eyes, a tiny mouth and long hair. A girl's hand caresses the page. Then - RIP! We see ROSE, a twelve-year-old girl, tear the page out of magazine. Long blonde hair, a simple light dress. Intense determined. Sad. The SHOPKEEPER, hearing the noise, looks up, spots Rose a starts yelling (though we do not hear any sounds). A mother and daughter shopping nearby turn to look at the commotion. Rose, with the torn page in her hand, runs past the mothe and daughter, out of the store. The mother pulls her daug closer, as if out of danger. The shopkeeper yells after Rose as she runs off down the street. What a strange little girl...
6) 0) text: Rose is now hurrying to a small clearing at the rocky edg the Hudson river. She rushes to retrieve paper and pencil from her bag, wit the urgent need to express herself, even in her solitude. With a shaking hand she writes across the paper: HELP ME!
8) 2) text: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY 17 Rose is clearing the surface of her cluttered desk with o swipe. She is carefully loading a brush full of rubber ce onto the back of her clipping, coating the edges. She is carefully placing it in a large bound scrapbook and press down the corners. We can make out part of what it says as blows on it to dry: Will our brightest star turn out to be a permanent fixtur the heavens, or will she be a comet, who burns brightly f brief moment and then vanishes? She returns a toppled post-card from its place on her win sill. The card reads: Feb., 1927 - Happy Birthday, Rose, Walter and is addressed to: Miss Rose Kincaid, 168 River Street, Hoboken NJ. Mostly dry, Rose begins to flip back through the pages. W see the articles and ephemera Rose has collected, the dat moving backwards through time as she flips from back to front: Is Lillian’s Career Over? 18 WONDERSTRUCK 11. SCANDAL! A Divorce In Hollywood! Mayhew Shocker! - Movie Star Journeys With Young Actor There’s a small advertisement for a movie: FORBIDDEN LOVE, Starring Lillian Mayhew Lillian Mayhew’s Seventh Hit Picture In A Row Young Actress Marries Doctor Lillian Mayhew Is Engaged Mayhew Glows in Debut - A New Star On The Horizon? Rose closes the scrapbook and gazes out her window a mome in thought. Out the window, through a break in the trees, is a piece the Manhattan skyline that Rose has stared at every day o her life. As we DRIFT back into Rose’s room, past her lace curtains across her shelves of books, we find that she too has a t world on display on the shelves of her room, but hers is hand-made skyline. Countless buildings she has made from newsprint and magazine and paper line her shelves as if t city she longs for across the water has tumbled into her room.
9) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose approaches a bustling downtown block. In the center of it all is a cinema. The marquee reads: Lillian Mayhew in DAUGHTER OF THE STOR 20 21 22 WONDERSTRUCK 15.
10) 0) text: MUSIC hushes as Rose slips into the darkening theater and takes her seat. Curtains gather as an ORGANIST, a balding man with strang tufts of hair, takes his seat. The lights go down.
12) 1) text: TITLE CARD: “Where can we find shelter from the storm?” ON SCREEN: The Young Mother cradles a Baby in her arms. In a murky LONG SHOT, the Young Mother runs out from unde the sheltering trees into a wild forest, wracked by savag winds. Her hair whips and twists in the gale. In CLOSE UP, the Young Mother looks around desperately fo protection. She spots something: a cabin in the distance (shot in miniature...antique special effects). Her face brightens with hope and she begins to run toward the cabin. But the organ MUSIC blares as the wind picks up. And the miniature cabin trembles in the terrible gust, which pull off its roof and sweeps it away. Soon the rest of the hou shakes, buckles and falls down, pulled by tiny threads. The Young Mother screams and collapses in fright, coverin her Baby for protection, raising a single hand towards go In the audience, Rose watches the silent film intensely.
13) 0) text: MUSIC peaks over A RAPID MONTAGE of audience faces, mouths open, eyes wide some with tears, lit by cinema light. Then blackness. FADE-UP TITLE CARD: The End (and below in smaller letters An Artcraft Pictures Production The curtains unfurl and the house lights rise. Rose wipes her eyes, all-too-quickly back to earth.
14) 0) text: MUSIC hangs as the theater lets out and a large truck pul up out front. It has begun to rain. Umbrellas are opening Rose makes her way along the side of the truck, which rea Vitaphone Sound Company. It’s rear door swings open, near knocking her down. 29 30 WONDERSTRUCK 20. Workers stream past, setting a ramp, and starting to haul wood crates out of the truck and onto dolly’s. MUSIC darkens as a THEATER EMPLOYEE, up on a ladder, unfu a banner from the marquee which reads: This Cinema Will B Closed During Installation of Hoboken’s First SOUND SYSTE Experience 100% All Talking! See And HEAR Your Favorite Stars! Rose is reading: See And HEAR...
17) 0) text: The storm has ended. Rose hurries in the front door of th house, soaked from the rain. She runs up the stairs to he room.
19) 0) text: Downstairs, PEARL, the maid, a young attractive woman wit short stylish bob, enters from the kitchen. She is carryi large silver tray bearing a tea service into the living r She sets it down on a central table in front of where Doc Kincaid sits. The BUTLER stands by his side, awaiting ord When the Maid starts to go, Doctor Kincaid signals her ba appearing to give her further instructions while checking watch, unaware Rose is watching from above.
20) 0) text: Rose slowly closes her door and retreats back into her ro
24) 0) text: It’s morning, and MUSIC marks the arrival of new paper skyscrapers, perched on Rose’s desk. She has made them fr various screaming-talking-mouth pictures from the big bla book. The result are several silent screaming buildings a to her miniature skyline. Asleep at her desk amidst the scraps and scissors, Rose’s eyes suddenly twitch - a vibration felt from downstairs - she blinks herself awake. INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - LATER - 1927 - DAY 40 Rose sits alone with her father at the breakfast table, trying to avoid his gaze. Her father glares at her suspiciously between bites of eg and sausage while attempting to read the paper. Rose catches one of his steely looks and turns away, star into her breakfast plate. He waves his hand in front of h and points to the salt. She passes it. His eyes linger, staring. He salts his eggs and straightens the paper with a mighty shake. He turns the page of his newspaper. An article has been cut out of the center of the last pag and Doctor Kincaid glares through the telltale hole at th guilty face of his daughter. He lowers the paper and starts yelling (though we don’t h him), unleashing far more than the minor infraction deser 4l 42 43 44 WONDERSTRUCK 25.
25) 0) text: Rose stuffs the scrapbook and post-card into her embroide bag, which she hoists over her shoulder. She grabs her coat and hurries to open her door, but stop her tracks once she looks down below. INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - FOYER - 1927 - DAY 46 The Butler opens the front door, revealing the man in the black coat, Dr. T.M. Gill, the author of the book on lip reading, and her despised teacher. Doctor Kincaid rises f his chair to greet him.
26) 0) text: Rose returns to her room and looks around. She checks her in the mirror. She’s going to do something dramatic... She grabs a pair of scissors lying on her desk, grabs a length of her hair and methodically cuts it off. Below the mirror is an opened magazine. There is a large advertisement on the page with a photo of an attractive woman, the text: Bobs Waved for 1¢ Rose stares at herself for half a second more, then grabs another fist of hair and resumes cutting.
28) 1) text: INT. ROSE’S HOUSE - STAIRCASE/ROSE'’S BEDROOM - 1927 - DA MUSIC. Rose’s father and Dr. T.M. Gill walk up the stairs Rose’s room. Rose’s father opens the door but is stunned he looks inside. The room is empty. EXT. ROSE’S HOUSE - 1927 - CONTINUOUS 51 The back door swings closed. Rose is gone.
29) 0) text: MUSIC rallies as Rose, with her newly shorn hair, hurries toward a swarm of people clustered outside the Hoboken Fe Terminal. She adjusts her coat and before she knows it sh swept up in the moving crowd boarding the ferry to Manhat swallowed up by the snaking masses.
30) 0) text: Rose finds a place amidst the crowds on the observation d of the ferry. Huddled there among strangers she slips her hand inside her bag and carefully fishes out the newspape clipping. As she unfolds it a gust of wind seizes the clipping from hand and it goes sailing. Rose looks around anxiously for clipping and sees it settle among the small forest of leg But when she goes to retrieve it the wind beats her to it it goes flying again. From one passenger’s leg to another follows the sailing culprit, squeezing past bodies as she goes. Finally, near the railing, she seizes hold of it, clutchi it tightly in her hands and cupping it upright to read ag
36) 0) text: MUSIC accompanies Rose as she moves along amid the great of bodies arriving in New York, clutching her bag as she goes.
37) 0) text: Rose turns and finds herself in the flow of a bustling downtown street. A river of sharp clothes and brisk walkers, leather purse and black lunch-boxes, lead her along. WONDERSTRUCK 30. Smart stores flickering by, smart women with short bobs a tight cloches. And a stream of businessmen in flat straw- and fedoras. Rose continues on, caught between the seamless flow and t constant jostle, the snaking traffic and corner venders, dwarfed and elevated by everything she sees. She looks up - and what a sight! Buildings jutting into t sky, grande facades and streamline splendor. Chrome and steel, brick and stone. Hard sharp shadows. In the distance, the jutting spines of new construction, shooting lines of steel into the sky. Dizzy with the sights Rose walks headlong towards a horse carriage making a sudden turn onto a cross-street. Startled, Rose falls backwards into a MALE PEDESTRIAN, an hits the ground. The Pedestrian glances back with a flash annoyance as he marches on. Rose watches as the crowd resumes its busy pace, marching past her, oblivious. Rose, still on the ground, looks up to see a young WORKMA a cap, offering her his hand. She accepts his help and he gets her to her feet again.
39) 0) text: MUSIC. The windows of a city trolley flicker by, cascadin past faces and silvery reflections until we come to Rose, face pushed against the window, a crack of wind in her ha The trolley comes to a stop and we follow as she makes he way out the door and back onto the street. She looks arou for a street sign and hurries across the street. She turns a corner, and there it is. The Promenade Theate She approaches the grand, arching facade and stops to rea the marquee: Lillian Mayhew in MY MOTHER’S ADVICE. Tomorrow at 8 64 65 WONDERSTRUCK 33.
40) 0) text: A ticket line has formed outside the theater, along poste for the play. Rose tries the lobby doors, pushing her fac to the glass, but they are locked. People in line are hollering remarks (in silence) and pointing her to the ba of the line. Rose proceeds toward the back of the line, then spots something around the corner of the building. A truck is unloading into the rear of the theater. Rose makes her way up to the freight entrance, past DELIV MEN hauling crates into the theater. She slips inside the stage landing and scurries into the of the building.
41) 0) text: MUSIC continues as she slithers past a STAGEHAND surround by props and costumes, slipping into the auditorium of th theater. Rose makes her way through a narrow corridor. Stepping ou she suddenly finds herself at the foot of the stage where full dress rehearsal is in progress. Lights beam down fro the dusty rafters setting the stage aglow. The set is a 1920's version of a garden in an 18th century French esta Rose suddenly stops dead in her tracks. There, onstage, is LILLIAN MAYHEW herself. She is dressed a 18th century costume with an adorned white powder wig, playing the young French noblewoman, ADELIS. Onstage with her is an actor playing her young handsome suitor, VALENTIN, and a man playing the elderly tutor, MONSIEUR RAQUEU. Two additional actors stand on either si of Raqueu, dressed as Sentries. At Adelis’s command, the two Sentries have just let go of Raqueu, who brushes off his clothing, indignantly. Lillia then addresses him, moving from one beam of light to the next. Despite her heavy theatrical make-up and oversized gestures, Lillian Mayhew is every bit as beautiful in the flesh as she is in her photographs. [The following dialogue from the play and what follows wi not be ‘heard’ but will be performed by the actors]: WONDERSTRUCK 34.
42) 0) text: MUSIC builds as Lillian leads Rose down a shadowy hallway filled with old props, signs, and costume racks. A STAGEH stares. She comes to her dressing room door, bearing her and a gold star, and pushes open the door.
47) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose is climbing up a pile of hat boxes and make-u cases to reach the dressing room window, which she manage open. She tosses her embroidered bag through to the stree then shimmies her body on through.
48) 0) text: Rose stands and straightens out her dress. She walks over a store window next-door to the theater where she sees a WINDOW DRESSER putting the finishing touches on a window display. The display features a cardboard replica of the city skyl made out of cosmetics boxes, which reminds Rose of her ow paper city. She smiles at the man in the window, who smil back. 73 74 WONDERSTRUCK 39.
49) 0) text: MUSIC continues as we see someone spotting Rose from acro the street. An attractive young woman with a bob haircut, realize it’s Doctor Kincaid’s Maid, PEARL, on her day off Shocked, Pearl recognizes Rose, alone and out of place on streets of New York. Rose glances up from the storefront as a door opens and t stage manager, from inside the theater, steps out for som air. She decides she better start moving, in case he spot her on the loose, so she gathers her belongings and conti on her way. Pearl, seeing Rose go, starts to follow, when TWO POLICEM on the beat, OFFICER ENGEL AND OFFICER MURTHA emerge from around the corner, walking directly into her path.
51) 0) text: MUSIC. We see a large brick building, with two staircases forming an arch over an entrance way, on 77th street. But in fact, it’s a photograph we are looking at, on the postcard Rose is holding. Printed on the white border at the bottom of the postcard can now see: The American Museum of Natural History, 1927 Rose moves the postcard away to reveal the actual museum behind it, in the exact same position as it had been in t photo. Rose turns the postcard over. It’s the one we’ve seen bef (though we’d never seen the front image), the one with th words: Happy Birthday, Rose, Love your brother Walter... Rose, with her embroidered bag at her feet, watches peopl heading into the museum. She joins them.
54) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose has gingerly entered the museum as well (we s the flooding daylight from the great hall behind her.) We follow as she slips into shadow and comes to settle in fr of a large glass display. She softly strokes the glass case of the giant mosquito, which has been in the museum for decades. She looks up to see:
55) 0) text: We see what Rose sees... A pack of hyenas, a herd of elk, two bears, three leopard ibex, buffalo...animals behind glass, looking, unmoving, waiting...
56) 0) text: MUSIC escorts Rose as she continues walking past the glas displays, past a small Elephant group, and settling in fr of the diorama of a monkey with a baby in its arms. 82 83 84 85 86 WONDERSTRUCK 43. Staring close at the baby monkey and its mother, Rose fee wave of sadness, and puts her hand on the glass. A GUARD notices her, and eyes her warily.
59) 0) text: MUSIC. In the meteorite room, Rose is reading the text on same sign. Rose reaches out and touches the words “shooting stars... Rose walks around the meteorite, touching the black surface...
61) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose’s hand continues across the meteorite until:
61) 1) text: A COUPLE OF BOYS run by. One reaches into his pocket and takes out a penny, tossing it to the top of the meteorite The other boys laugh and run off. Rose looks up and sees penny sitting on the top of the meteorite reflected in a mirror on the ceiling. Rose sits down next to the meteorite, taking out a paper pencil to make a quick sketch. Opposite her, THREE SCHOOLGIRLS. One girl is rummaging through her purse looking for coins.
63) 0) text: MUSIC rattles as the same guard from before steps up behi Rose and begins scolding her, shaking his finger and poin to the top of the meteorite.
65) 0) text: Rose spins around, startled. She shrinks back from the gu and runs off.
67) 0) text: Rose moves swiftly to escape the guard. Steps ahead of hi she hides behind a display case and waits.
69) 0) text: Thinking she is in the clear, Rose stands only to come fa to face with the guard. She’s been caught.
73) 0) text: MUSIC barking as the guard furiously scolds Rose. Like Ro we watch his lips movie.
78) 0) text: MUSIC. Rose spots the cops and the guard returning, and s makes her retreat down the hall toward a gathering crowd museum-goers.
79) 0) text: Up ahead a crowd stands on line at the entrance to a newl opened exhibition. Rose sneaks unseen towards the front o the line. Rose glances back, and sees the cops, the guard and the Security Chief consulting near the stairwell. The Chief points them in the direction of the exhibition ahead. She approaches the entry to the exhibition. The large sig stationed by the entrance reads: Cabinets of Wonder. How Museums Began She weaves her way into the exhibition, joining the mingl spectators. What she discovers inside is something she’s never seen before. The exhibition is a recreation of an old Cabinet of Wonde right down to the fossils, strange fish, and thousand oth magnificent and fascinating objects. We recognize it immediately from Figure 9, the engraving in Ben’s book...except it’s real. Rose walks towards the free-standing cabinet in the cente the room, the one with a crown at the top made of coral a seashells. A taxidermied giraffe’s head seems to peek up one edge Rose looks back and sees the cops arriving at the exhibit She quickly starts looking around for a place to hide as CONRAD, a Saleswoman, informs a YOUNG MAN with glasses working near her at the souvenir stand, about the police are after a girl in the museum. 105 106 WONDERSTRUCK 59. Slipping behind the central display, Rose finds a hollow space behind a rear cabinet and slides down to the floor. pulls her knees up to her chin, propping her bag next to
82) 0) text: Music. Rose peeks out from behind the cabinet but doesn’t notice the shadow of an outstretched hand that is coming towards her.
84) 0) text: The shadow of the hand extends towards Rose, then suddenl grabs her shoulder and she jumps, terrified.
86) 0) text: Rose looks at the person who has caught her. It’s not the guard or the cops... It’s the young man with glasses from outside the exhibiti He sternly gestures for Rose to follow him.
88) 0) text: Jamie leads Ben to another hallway lined on both sides as as they could see with black filing cabinets, five drawer high. 114 115 WONDERSTRUCK 62. Ben stops and opens one of the filing cabinets. It’s stuf completely with papers and files and photos. Ben opens a drawer at random, reaches into a file, and pu out a large black and white photo of the museum in the 1920's. It’s the entrance that we’ve seen Rose go into.
89) 0) text: MUSIC. The young man with glasses has Rose firmly in hand he speaks to Miss Conrad, the saleswoman from the souveni counter. Rose looks around, anxiously, before settling on pile of books in front of her, on display. They are brand new copies of the catalogue book from the exhibition titled: WONDERSTRUCK. The saleswoman nods and takes the man’s place at the coun Then the young man shuffles Rose off to a nearby office.
90) 0) text: The young man closes the door behind them. Inside, along the narrow office wall, there are paintings photographs related to the museum, collections of butterflies, pinned inside frames, and portraits of past museum Presidents staring down at Rose. The young Salesman sits Rose down and grabs a piece of pa and pencil from a desk, leaning down to write. 116 WONDERSTRUCK 63. He turns the page to show Rose what he has written. It re What are you doing here? This is WALTER, Rose’s brother.
92) 0) text: MUSIC shimmers as dazzling rows and arcs of lights flare fog through the window of the taxicab - a glorious ideali vision of Times Square, sparkling and glowing, like an exquisite miniature in an old movie. Rose glances over at her brother Walter, who is very anno He glances back at her and rolls his eyes. She's happy though, and she looks back out at the lights the city. INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - 1927 - NIGHT 118 Walter leads Rose into his unlit apartment and flips on s lamps, revealing a sparsely decorated, single bedroom apartment - many books and little furniture: a student’s apartment. He sits down and pours himself a finger of brandy as Rose remains standing by the door. Finally Walter bursts, shaking his head in disbelief mouthing:
93) 18) text: 120 121 122 WONDERSTRUCK 71. INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHT - 1927 On Walter’s bedside table sits a photo: a baby girl and a older boy...Walter and Rose. The same photo was visible i the dining room of Rose’s house, back in Hoboken. Walter turns off a lamp and approaches Rose below, in bed all tucked in. He playfully sticks out his tongue at his sister.
94) 24) dialog: (in sign language, to Walter) I need to take him to the museum. He deserves to know his story but I can’t tell him here. Walter nods, in agreement. Rose writes a note and stands, showing it to Ben: Come wi me
94) 26) dialog: I’1l find you later...
96) 0) text: Ben follows as she leads him to an empty bench and sits, motioning him to join her. There she pulls out the notebo and pen, opens to a clean page - and pauses. Ben stares a the side of her face. Then Rose looks down and starts to write. When Ben glances down at the page, she keeps writing but turns slightly away so he can’t read it yet. A crowd slowly gathers, awaiting the next bus. The bus arrives but Rose keeps writing. 128 129 130 131 WONDERSTRUCK 79.
97) 0) text: More crowds. Lonely faces. More buses. Finally, just as another bus approaches, Rose clicks her tears some pages out of her notebook and puts them in her pocket. Then she grabs Ben’s hand, hurrying them onto the bus.
98) 1) text: SOUND. Ben and Rose are walking by the Unisphere, the gia silver globe from the 1964 World’s Fair. Lightning flashe the distance. They come to a large building and find the entrance. Lettering over the door reads:
100) 0) text: A miniature Rose working on a forest diorama, replete wit wild animals. On the floor, her young son creates a repli of his own.
102) 0) text: The Panorama in miniature, being worked on and installed hive of miniature women workers. We finally arrive at the miniature figure of Rose.
106) 0) text: Another evening, the miniature figure of Danny seated at miniature desk as he writes to Rose.
107) 0) text: Ben looks up to Rose then back down. He continues to read
107) 5) text: The miniature figure of Rose is busy fitting a model of P 176 onto the panorama.
107) 7) text: The miniature figure of Rose is placing another building the panorama, and slips a charm bracelet underneath this
107) 8) text: Finally, we see the miniature figure of Rose placing anot building onto the panorama and slipping the tiny family p (taken earlier) underneath this one.
108) 0) text: Ben and Rose are standing on the East River. Rose leads Ben around the southern tip of Manhattan, step over the bridges again. They head up the other side of th island, along the Hudson River, until they are standing o the blue painted water that separates Manhattan from New Jersey. Rose carefully leans over the Panorama, grips the America Museum of Natural History and pulls upward. There is a li resistance but the entire city block gives way. Rose turns it over and picks out a piece of paper folded ago. She opens it and hands it to Ben. It’s a child’s drawing of two wolves running through the snow. Ben thinks Danny must have drawn it, but then he looks at signature on the drawing and is shocked. It’s signed: Ben. He looks up at Rose.
109) 0) text: SOUND. A crowd of miniature figures, dressed in black, is gathering beneath the blue whale - which we might recogni as the same toy whale that had been in Ben’s room earlier We see the miniature figure of Rose, standing with the ot mourners. She turns to see: The miniature figure of Elaine, standing apart from the others, with a miniature figure of 4-year-old BEN at her side, who holds a piece of paper. 154 155 156 WONDERSTRUCK 89.
112) 0) text: There is rumbling, a terrible crash that Ben and Rose don flinch at. But there’s something strange that Rose is aware of.
113) 2) text: Blackness Another flash with a noise: Ben is leading Rose slowly do the Hudson River. 158 159 160 161 WONDERSTRUCK 91. Blackness Another flash with a noise: Ben is stepping over a bridge Blackness Another flash with a noise: They exit the Panorama.
114) 0) text: SILENCE. They are heading towards the door... Blackness. But a figure now seems to be visible outside t door up ahead. Another flash with a noise: But this time we see the sour of the light. It’s Jamie, holding his Polaroid camera. There are photos his feet. He is relieved to finally spot Ben and Rose.
114) 1) text: When Rose opens the door: SOUND. The noises of cars, honking. They stand outside the door. Ben is shocked to see Jamie.
116) 0) text: From an adjoining street a van is screeching crazily alon dark empty block. We can hear the radio from inside the v (and just make out the name painted on the side: Klein Gu Service) in the middle of a report about the blackout. Th van careens out of sight, followed by the rise of an approaching police siren. Rose instinctively pulls the boy closer to the door of th museum. Then she gets an idea. She brings the boys back inside the museum and locks the door behind her. But we remain outside, watching as they vanish into the d building. We begin to float upwards, coasting along the side of the museum, a movement that feels as if we’re caught on a gen breeze. The steadiness of the movement, however, is in contrast t the sounds we hear, the indications of violence and dange somewhere in the darkness. But as we continue our ascent up the side of the building the sounds begin to diminish. We find ourselves at the roof of the museum with the roun skeleton of the Unisphere silhouetted against the night s Trees shake. We travel onwards, across the roof now, past the ducts an air vents and flag poles, the debris gathered along the gutter of the roof. The sounds are almost all gone now. WONDERSTRUCK 93. And finally, we reach our destination. We've caught up with Rose, Ben and Jamie, who have come t the roof for refuge. They are standing in the gutter, looking down over a low wall. Rose squeezes Ben’s arm, then she points to Jamie, wantin know who he is. Unnoticed by Rose are more sounds in the background. A cr a shout. Rose repeats herself, signing: Who is this? Ben looks at Jamie, who looks back at him. A kind of understanding passes between them. Ben touches his palm to his chest (indicating: my) then raises his right hand and begins to fingerspell: