8) 2) text: INT. ROSE’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER - 1927 - DAY 17 Rose is clearing the surface of her cluttered desk with o swipe. She is carefully loading a brush full of rubber ce onto the back of her clipping, coating the edges. She is carefully placing it in a large bound scrapbook and press down the corners. We can make out part of what it says as blows on it to dry: Will our brightest star turn out to be a permanent fixtur the heavens, or will she be a comet, who burns brightly f brief moment and then vanishes? She returns a toppled post-card from its place on her win sill. The card reads: Feb., 1927 - Happy Birthday, Rose, Walter and is addressed to: Miss Rose Kincaid, 168 River Street, Hoboken NJ. Mostly dry, Rose begins to flip back through the pages. W see the articles and ephemera Rose has collected, the dat moving backwards through time as she flips from back to front: Is Lillian’s Career Over? 18 WONDERSTRUCK 11. SCANDAL! A Divorce In Hollywood! Mayhew Shocker! - Movie Star Journeys With Young Actor There’s a small advertisement for a movie: FORBIDDEN LOVE, Starring Lillian Mayhew Lillian Mayhew’s Seventh Hit Picture In A Row Young Actress Marries Doctor Lillian Mayhew Is Engaged Mayhew Glows in Debut - A New Star On The Horizon? Rose closes the scrapbook and gazes out her window a mome in thought. Out the window, through a break in the trees, is a piece the Manhattan skyline that Rose has stared at every day o her life. As we DRIFT back into Rose’s room, past her lace curtains across her shelves of books, we find that she too has a t world on display on the shelves of her room, but hers is hand-made skyline. Countless buildings she has made from newsprint and magazine and paper line her shelves as if t city she longs for across the water has tumbled into her room.
51) 0) text: MUSIC. We see a large brick building, with two staircases forming an arch over an entrance way, on 77th street. But in fact, it’s a photograph we are looking at, on the postcard Rose is holding. Printed on the white border at the bottom of the postcard can now see: The American Museum of Natural History, 1927 Rose moves the postcard away to reveal the actual museum behind it, in the exact same position as it had been in t photo. Rose turns the postcard over. It’s the one we’ve seen bef (though we’d never seen the front image), the one with th words: Happy Birthday, Rose, Love your brother Walter... Rose, with her embroidered bag at her feet, watches peopl heading into the museum. She joins them.
90) 0) text: The young man closes the door behind them. Inside, along the narrow office wall, there are paintings photographs related to the museum, collections of butterflies, pinned inside frames, and portraits of past museum Presidents staring down at Rose. The young Salesman sits Rose down and grabs a piece of pa and pencil from a desk, leaning down to write. 116 WONDERSTRUCK 63. He turns the page to show Rose what he has written. It re What are you doing here? This is WALTER, Rose’s brother.
92) 0) text: MUSIC shimmers as dazzling rows and arcs of lights flare fog through the window of the taxicab - a glorious ideali vision of Times Square, sparkling and glowing, like an exquisite miniature in an old movie. Rose glances over at her brother Walter, who is very anno He glances back at her and rolls his eyes. She's happy though, and she looks back out at the lights the city. INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - 1927 - NIGHT 118 Walter leads Rose into his unlit apartment and flips on s lamps, revealing a sparsely decorated, single bedroom apartment - many books and little furniture: a student’s apartment. He sits down and pours himself a finger of brandy as Rose remains standing by the door. Finally Walter bursts, shaking his head in disbelief mouthing:
92) 1) dialog: I can’t believe I had to hide you from the cops! Rose shakes her head, indicating: “what?” Walter grabs a pad and pencil and writes: THE COPS! ! He and Rose laugh as he folds the pad and writes another note: You know Mom - she’1ll find you sooner or later. Walter gets up and grabs a sleeping roll from the front closet, indicating he’ll sleep on the roll and she can ta the bedroom. But she grabs the roll, to let him know that she’1l sleep on it. They have a playful game of tug of wa until Walter tosses the roll aside and pretends that he a his sister are in a boxing match, a game they’ve played before. She deals him a mimed knock out punch and Walter collapses in slow motion to the ground, much to her delig
93) 18) text: 120 121 122 WONDERSTRUCK 71. INT. WALTER’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHT - 1927 On Walter’s bedside table sits a photo: a baby girl and a older boy...Walter and Rose. The same photo was visible i the dining room of Rose’s house, back in Hoboken. Walter turns off a lamp and approaches Rose below, in bed all tucked in. He playfully sticks out his tongue at his sister.
93) 19) dialog: (mouthing) Good night. Rose waves good night and Walter exits. Rose looks around as she lays in bed. Through Walter’s bedroom window she looks out at a slice of the shimmering Manhattan skyline (it almost looks like something Rose herself might have made from paper and cardboard).
94) 27) dialog: (mouths ) You want me to come with you? Rose reads his lips and shakes her head, heading to the f door. They exchange signs that mean I love you. She gestures for Ben. And Ben follows her out the door, glancing back to Walter at the last moment, confused but undeterred.