31) 0) text: Erin looks around.  The house she's passing has been raze A heap of lumber and wires in the middle of the property. As she checks the piece of paper with Donna's address, sh drives by the PG&amp;E COMPRESSOR STATION, a massive gray structure of pipes, chimneys and ladders, set way back fr the road.  Erin passes it without noticing it. She stops at an intersection.  The house on the corner ha been boarded up with plywood.  Erin notices it -- depress -- then turns the corner onto Donna's street.
32) 0) text: A generic ranch home standing all alone in the middle of nothing.  There's a pool out back and a chain link fence hugging the property.  No landscaping.  Dull, but clean. few BOTTLES OF SPRING WATER wait by the door. The Hyundai pulls into the driveway and stops.  Erin gets out.  As she heads up to the door, her spike heels sink i the dirt.  She rings the bell.  It has a melody chime. DONNA IRVING opens the door.  She's 35, petite, with a scrappy, high-strung manner.  She's wearing tight jeans, her dark curls are piled on top of her head.
32) 2) dialog: Yes?
32) 4) dialog: (a little surprised)
33) 2) dialog: Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it. She comes out from the kitchen with a tray of iced tea.
33) 3) dialog: I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
33) 5) dialog: Thank you.  I think so too.  That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing.  I don't mean to be a pain in PG&amp;E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it.  And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over.
33) 7) dialog: Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains.  Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy.  You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
33) 9) dialog: I know.  They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease.  That's a kind of cancer --
33) 11) dialog: Thank you.  It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know.  And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy.  Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts.  All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you.
33) 13) dialog: So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
33) 15) text: I guess the only thing that confused me is - - not that your medical problems aren't important, but -- how come the files about them are in with all the real estate stuff? Donna tops off their iced teas.
33) 16) dialog: Are you kidding?  With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk.  I just kept all PG&amp;E correspondence in one place.
33) 18) dialog: Well, they paid for the doctor's visit.
33) 20) dialog: You bet.  Paid for a check-up for the whole family.  And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either.  They just took care of it.  Just like that.  We never even saw a bill.
33) 22) dialog: Cause of the chromium.
33) 24) dialog: The chromium.  Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off.
34) 1) dialog: PG&amp;E came around a few years ago, told us they put chromium in our well by mistake. And since we shouldn't have to drink it if we don't want to, they gave us free spring water and offered to buy our house. WIDEN to see Donna pulling the box down into the room.
34) 3) dialog: It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
34) 5) dialog: I thought the same thing, right off the bat. That's why we went to see the doctor.  But hunh-uh.  Turns out one's got nothing to do with the other. She rifles through the box.
34) 6) dialog: This is the info they gave us.  You'll see if you look through it, chromium's good for you.  When I saw what they charged for it at the health-food stores, I about fainted. She hands Erin a printed fact sheet.  Erin scans it.
34) 8) dialog: Not around here.  This is a rough part of the world.  Hard times, not a lot of money, not a lot of luck. (beat)
35) 0) text: Erin's driving away from Donna's house.  A street lamp th light on the box of chromium documents in the passenger s She gets to an intersection and looks across the street a the massive COMPRESSOR STATION.  Six stories high, lit up like a Christmas tree, with all sizes of PIPES criss-cros the outside and GIANT COOLING TOWERS sticking up out of i Far more massive than anything else in town, it looms ove the horizon like the Capitol in D.C. or St. Peter's in Ro Erin takes a long look at the compressor station, then tu onto Community Boulevard and drives away.
60) 0) text: Another copy of those DOCUMENTS, now in Donna's hands.  S on her couch with Erin, reading them.  Outside, Donna's t daughters are playing in the pool.  She reads the last pa and looks up at Erin, bewildered.
60) 1) dialog: An on-site monitoring well?  That means --
60) 3) dialog: And you say this stuff, this hexavalent chromium -- it's poisonous?
60) 5) dialog: Well -- then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water, cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&amp;E told me.  They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine.
60) 7) dialog: No.  Hunh-uh, see, that's not what the doctor said.  He said one's got absolutely nothing to do with the other.
60) 9) dialog: 
61) 0) text: From the door, Erin watches Donna run to the edge of the in a frantic response to this news.
61) 1) dialog: 
61) 5) dialog: 
70) 0) text: Donna and Pete Irving, and Mandy and Roy Brown are all seated, sipping iced tea.  While they talk, Erin hands th all information packets on chromium.  Ed is standing in f of them, a little stiff.
70) 3) dialog: But it was more than a year ago that they told us --
71) 0) text: Erin and Donna are putting away the cleaned glasses.  Man is scanning the chromium pamphlet Erin gave her.
92) 5) text: Take her, will you? George drops the pamphlet and takes Beth from Erin.  He h over to Matt and Katie, sitting glumly on a log. As he steps away, a hand reaches down and grabs the flier dropped.  It belongs to a MAN IN A BLACK JACKET.  He's in 50's, strong and sinewy.  Military-style dark glasses obs his eyes.  He scans the pamphlet, then watches Erin worki the crowd.  Watches her carefully.  He slides the pamphle into his inside pocket, and heads back his car -- the DIR OLD PICK-UP TRUCK that idled in front of the Water Board. LATER STILL ... Erin is heading over to George and the kids, ready to lea when Donna comes up to her, with A MIDDLE-AGED MAN in tow
92) 6) dialog: Erin, this here's Frank Melendez.  He works over at the compressor station -- Erin stops in her tracks, very interested. LATER STILL ... Erin and Frank are on a bench, talking.  Out of the corne her eye, she sees her car drive off.  George's hand stick out the driver's side and flips her the bird.  She watche him disappear, then, hiding her rage, turns back to Frank
103) 0) text: Donna's sitting quietly in bed.  Erin is sitting on the e of the bed.
103) 1) dialog: I'd got so used to having 'em come up benign, I guess I just didn't expect it. She looks down her shirt front.
103) 2) dialog: Sure wish I had longer to get used to the idea. (beat)
103) 5) dialog: We're gonna get them, aren't we, Erin?  You gotta promise me we're gonna get them. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, DAY
161) 0) text: Donna's gardening out front, her head wrapped in a scarf cover her chemo-thinning hair, when Erin's Chevy pulls in the driveway.  Erin gets out, goes to the back of the tru gets two of the release forms, then heads over to Donna.
162) 0) text: Erin is sitting with Pete and Donna.
162) 1) dialog: I don't know, Erin -- the way he was talking to us, telling us everything was gonna be fine -- I just didn't trust him.
163) 0) text: The door opens.  Erin emerges, holding two signed agreeme Donna is letting her out.
163) 2) dialog: For what?
164) 0) text: Erin, Donna, Mandy, and Tom are seated on the sofas.  Man signs an agreement.  Hands the pen to Tom, who also signs
165) 0) text: From outside, we see Erin at the kitchen table with Donna Bob and Ruth Linwood, who are listening intently.
166) 0) text: Erin and Donna are leaving, saying good-bye to Mary DeSot Erin has a signed release form in her hand.
186) 0) text: Erin gets out of her new truck, looks, sees the Irvings i little cluster.  Donna's under an umbrella.  Pete is slathering on sunscreen.  The two girls zip out toward th water.  Erin waves.  Pete and Donna spot her, wave back.
187) 0) text: Donna is standing at the edge of the water, watching her girls boogie board in.  Erin comes up behind her.
187) 2) dialog: It's a good day.  I feel good.
187) 5) dialog: A number for the whole group, or for us?
187) 8) dialog: Oh, my God.
187) 10) dialog: Five million dollars?
187) 12) dialog: I don't even know how much money that is.
187) 14) dialog: I can put them in a good school.
187) 16) dialog: And get someone to help around the house.
187) 18) dialog: Oh my God.  Oh my God. Donna is overwhelmed.  Erin pulls her close.
187) 19) dialog: Oh, my God. EXT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE'S NEW OFFICE BUILDING - DAY Now this is where the hot lawyers work.  A gleaming testa to power. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE'S NEW OFFICE - DAY Boxes everywhere.  They just moved in.  Everyone is unpac at his or her desk.  Rosalind is manning the new phones.