0) 0) text: Palms sway ... the sun washes everything in yellow ... ca motor down either side of the landscaped median ... the c of mockingbirds mingle with the BLIP BLIP of car alarms. ON THE SIDEWALK, a SKATEBOARD CA-LUNKS down the sidewalk, past the foot traffic of Southern Californians: flip-flop Doc Marten's, Rollerblades, Nikes ... then, in the middle this pedestrian normalcy, a pair of IMPOSSIBLY HIGH SPIKE HEELED PUMPS struts out of a shop.  So high it hurts to l at them.  As the shoes leave frame, we TILT UP and see they're leaving a 99-cent store. As the Pumps turn and head up the street, we see they are connected to a pair of IMPOSSIBLY LONG, SHAPELY LEGS. Eveready legs -- they just keep going and going. They saunter past two BUSINESSMEN on a lunch break.  The pause and glance as men tend to when they see a beautiful woman.  In fact, everyone this woman passes lets their ey rest on her a microsecond longer than usual. - Two SKATEBOARDERS note the STRETCHY MICRO-MINI skimming tops of her thighs. - A MAILMAN spots the BIG, DARK SUNGLASSES tucked into a MOUNTAIN OF BIG, BLOND HAIR. - A PRE-TEEN GIRL glimpses the PLUNGING NECKLINE of the TIGHT, BRIGHT RED MIDRIFF-BARING BUSTIER. It isn't until she rounds the corner at the end of the bl that we see her entire figure and appreciate why everyone so goggle-eyed.  Eye-catching is an understatement.  All those folks who say Barbie's proportions are unrealistic obviously never met ERIN BROCKOVICH.
1) 1) dialog: Fuck. Even when she talks dirty, there's a heartland goodness t her voice.  Like Kansas corn fields swaying in the breeze As she grabs the ticket from the windshield, her sunglass accidentally CLATTER to the ground.
1) 2) dialog: Shit. When she picks them up, a fingernail snags on the pavemen
1) 3) dialog: God damn it. She tends to the nail as she opens her car door and gets
1) 4) text: The Hyundai starts it up, signals.  Then, just as it pull slowly out into the street, a JAGUAR barrels around the corner, accelerating out of the turn, and rams into the s of Erin's car, sending it CAREENING into the median.  It SMASHES into a foot-thick lightpost.  And stops. EXT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE - DAY A boring building on a boring block in the Valley, surrou by strip malls.  Definitely not where the power lawyers w
1) 22) dialog: Thanks a lot. (as she sits)
2) 0) text: Erin is on the stand, wearing the most conservative thing owns: a red, form-fitting mini dress, telling her story t Ed, who's questioning her.
2) 1) dialog: I was pulling out real slow, and out of nowhere, his Jaguar comes racing around the corner like a bat outta hell ... She glances at the defendant's table, where a DOCTOR sits nobly in surgical scrubs.  His WIFE and two beautiful KID are behind him.  A frigging Norman Rockwell painting.
2) 3) dialog: They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck.  I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now.
2) 5) dialog: ... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids.
2) 7) dialog: ... Matthew's six, Katie's four, and Beth's just nine months.
2) 9) dialog: ... just wanna be a good mom, a nice person, a decent citizen.  Just wanna take good care of my kids.  You know?
3) 0) text: Erin is still on the stand.  But now the doctor's lawyer questioning her.
3) 2) dialog: Which one?
3) 5) dialog: Yeah.  There's two.  Why? Erin looks over at the jury.  The personification of conservative family values.  Oh, shit.
3) 7) dialog: (getting defensive)
3) 8) text: ... not like a career, cause I had my babies. But I woulda worked, for sure, if I didn't have this neck thing. Erin sees a juror staring judgmentally at her short hem. Erin gives it a tug, pulling it down a stitch.
3) 10) text: Right.  No doubt. Erin sees a few jurors share dubious glances.  Great.
3) 13) dialog: (pointed)
3) 16) dialog: What?  Hey -- he hit me.
3) 18) dialog: He came tearing around the corner, out of control --
3) 20) dialog: (erupting)
4) 0) text: The door to the courtroom flies open and Erin comes out, furious.  Ed follows her as she heads for the elevator.
4) 1) dialog: Open and shut?  Open and fucking shut?
4) 3) dialog: Oh, please, it was long over by then.  God damn, he made me look like some cheap --
4) 5) dialog: Bullshit.  You told me I'd get half a million dollars.  You told me I'd be set. Ed notices her ranting is starting to draw attention.
4) 7) dialog: Settle down?  I got 74 bucks to my name, Mr. Masry!  I can't afford to settle down! Beat.
4) 9) dialog: Yeah?  Well, fuck you.  Sorry doesn't feed my kids. Erin turns away from him and heads for the stairway.
5) 0) text: A shitty little house in a shitty part of Northbridge.  T Hyundai with a bashed-in side pulls up to the curb. Erin gets out, takes the mail from her mailbox, then head over to the equally grim house next door and rings the be A Hispanic woman in her 60's opens the door, holding a wh baby.  This is MRS. MORALES.
5) 2) dialog: Hi, sweetie.  Were you a good girl?  Where are Matt and Katie?
5) 4) dialog: It'll be fine, yeah.
5) 6) dialog: What?
5) 8) dialog: You're moving away?  When?
5) 10) dialog: (stunned)
6) 0) text: Erin carries Beth up to her house.  As she nears her door she steps on a GIANT WATER BUG.  It crunches under her so
6) 1) dialog: Ugh. Insult added to injury.  She heads up to the house, dragg her shoe, wiping off the bug guts.
7) 0) text: Just as dull inside.  Salvation Army furniture.  A lot of beige.  Erin's two older kids, MATTHEW (7) and KATIE (5) at the table.  Beth is in a baby seat.  Erin spoons some &amp; Cheese onto their plates, trying to hide her worry.
7) 3) dialog: Put your napkins in your laps and eat up.
7) 5) dialog: Mamma's gonna eat later. From her baby seat on the table, Beth COUGHS some more. Thick, sick-sounding coughs.  Erin looks at her.
7) 6) dialog: Don't go getting sick on me, baby.  Okay?
8) 0) text: The shower and sink are both on full, filling the room wi STEAM.  Erin is seated with COUGHING, CRYING Beth on her trying to steam the illness out of her.
8) 1) dialog: It's gonna be okay, sweetheart.  I promise. But her face doesn't look like she believes it.
10) 0) text: Erin is holding Beth, wandering the aisles.  She stops at medicines, thinks for a long moment, then, hating herself glances to make sure no one's looking, and picks up a bot
11) 0) text: As a CUSTOMER steps away from the register, Erin steps up with the bottle in her hand and smiles at the CHECK-OUT L
11) 1) dialog: Hi, remember me?  I was in yesterday.  Bought a whole mess of stuff?  Round about five?
11) 3) dialog: Oh, shoot, yeah, I guess that'd be tough. Well, listen, I meant to buy my baby here some medicine, and by the time I got home, I realized I'd bought the adult stuff by mistake.  And now, wouldn't you know, I can't find the receipt.  I was wondering -- could I maybe exchange it anyway ...
12) 0) text: Erin feeds Beth her medicine, feeling miserable about it.
12) 1) dialog: Just remember.  No matter what your Mamma does, lying and stealing is real bad.  I don't ever wanna hear you doing something like that ... On the table beside her sit the classifieds.  Row after r of want ads circled, then X-'d out in red.  A WATER BUG crawls across the edge of the paper.
12) 2) dialog: ... Cause there's no excuse for it, you hear me?  No excuse at all. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - DAY Midday.  Ed enters with a cup of coffee in his hand.  As heads to his desk, he trips on a box of files.  Coffee sloshes out of his cup, onto his shirt.
12) 15) dialog: You never called me back.  I left messages.
12) 18) dialog: There's two things I can't stand, Mr. Masry. Being ignored, and being lied to.  You did both. Glances skitter between the secretaries -- get a load of this.  Ed lowers his voice.
12) 20) dialog: You said things would be fine, and they're not.
12) 22) dialog: I don't need pity.  I need a paycheck.  And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn.  So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gonna be okay, you should be the one to hire me. Ed sees everyone watching him, listening.
12) 24) dialog: Bullshit.  If you had a full staff, you'd have time to return your damn phone calls. She's backing him into a corner here.  He shifts gears.
12) 26) dialog: I'm not everyone else, Mr. Masry.  I'm someone you made promises to that you didn't deliver on.  I trusted you.  With my kids' well-being.  Now, I'm smart, and I'm hard- working, and I'll do anything.  But if you think I'm leaving here without a job, you got another thing coming. Ed glances around the room.  Not a whole lot of options h He looks back at Erin.
12) 29) dialog: Oh, hell. (beat)
12) 34) dialog: Mr. Masry? He turns, sees her.
12) 36) dialog: I was wondering -- could you tell me who I'd talk to about maybe getting an advance on my paycheck?  Just -- for the weekend.
12) 38) dialog: Oh.  Okay.  That's okay. Ed looks at her a moment, sees that it's far from okay.
12) 41) dialog: I don't wanna take your money, Mr. Masry.
13) 0) text: Erin is at the door, taking Beth from the BABYSITTER, a shabby, unkempt-looking woman in her 40's.  Katie and Mat pull on their backpacks and troop out of the sitter's hou
14) 0) text: Erin is leaving the store, carrying Beth in one arm and a of groceries in the other.  Katie and Matt are each carry a bag of groceries as well.  They are all singing and mov with the jaunty step of the newly carefree.  Katie spots flower display outside the store.
14) 2) dialog: Sweetheart, you can get a whole big bunch.
15) 0) text: A small room with Salvation Army furniture.  A BUNCH OF DAISIES is propped in a Ragu jar on Katie's bedside table Matt and Katie are asleep in bed.  Erin looks down at the smiles, then kisses them good-night.
16) 0) text: Erin comes out of the bedroom and softly closes the door. But just as the handle clicks into place, the house is fi with the DEAFENING ROAR of a MOTORCYCLE, REVVING and REVV It sounds as if it's gonna drive through the wall.
17) 0) text: Erin steps out onto her front stoop and looks over at wha used to be Mrs. Morales's house.  A few MOTORCYCLES are parked on the lawn; A FEW BIKERS are drinking beer on the stoop; and one asshole is on his bike, REVVING HIS ENGINE
17) 1) dialog: Hey! But of course he can't hear her.  She walks over to him, stands right in his line of vision.
17) 2) dialog: 
17) 5) dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing, making all that Goddamn noise?
17) 7) dialog: Well, I'm the neighbors.  There, now we're introduced, so you can shut the fuck up. The guys on the porch chuckle.  Erin turns and starts bac her house.  George hops off his bike and follows her.
17) 9) dialog: Just think of me as the person next door who likes it quiet, and we'll get along fine.
17) 12) dialog: You want my number?
17) 14) dialog: Which number do you want, George?
17) 16) dialog: Shit, yeah.  I got numbers coming out of my ears.  Like, for instance, ten.
17) 18) dialog: Sure.  That's one of my numbers.  It's how many months old my little girl is.
17) 20) dialog: Yeah.  Sexy, huh?  And here's another: five. That's how old my other daughter is.  Seven is my son's age.  Two is how many times I been married and divorced.  You getting all this?  16 is the number of dollars in my bank account.  454-3943 is my phone number. And with all the other numbers I gave you, I'm guessing zero is the number of times you're gonna call it. She turns and heads inside.  He calls out after her:
17) 22) dialog: Y'all got something you wanna discuss? The women go back to stirring their coffees.  Erin walks INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - DAY Ed is walking into his office with a coffee cup in his ha when he trips over the same box of files again.
17) 26) dialog: How long's she been crying like that? ... Well, she's got that tooth coming in -- Ed appears in the door, carrying the box of files.
17) 27) dialog: Give her a cold washcloth to suck on -- (sees Ed)
17) 31) dialog: Out to lunch with the girls.
17) 34) dialog: Oh.  Okay. He sees her staring at the box.
17) 36) dialog: Yeah.  I got it.  No problem.
17) 39) dialog: Excuse me?
17) 41) dialog: I guess I'm not the right kind. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, FILE ROOM - NIGHT Erin is at her desk, staring bewildered at the files from box Ed gave her, which are now spread across her desktop. She sees Anna packing up her things, to leave.
17) 42) dialog: Anna?  With this real-estate valuing stuff - - could you remind me, cause I'm a little confused about how exactly we do that.
17) 44) text: Erin, you've been here three weeks.  If you don't know how to do your job by now, I am not about to do it for you.
18) 0) text: Katie and Matt are running up to the house.  Erin follows toting Beth under one arm and the box of documents under other.  She steps on another water bug.
18) 1) dialog: Ugh. As she wipes the bug guts off the bottom of her shoe:
18) 3) dialog: No.
18) 5) dialog: Return 'em.  Maybe you'll get your money back. He gets up and follows her to her house.
18) 7) dialog: I had a good neighbor, George.  She was 60 and Mexican and she watched my kids for free.  Something tells me you're not gonna be able to measure up to that.
18) 9) dialog: I'm not gonna leave my kids with you.
18) 11) dialog: Cause I don't even know you.
19) 3) dialog: And if I catch either of you anywhere near one, I'll knock you silly.  Go on to bed, now -- I'll come tuck you in in a minute. They get up ...
19) 7) dialog: Yeah.  I'm probably ruining them.
19) 9) dialog: I'm never here.  I gotta leave 'em with this weird sitter all afternoon who costs a fortune and smells like chicken fat.
19) 11) dialog: Great.  Another deadbeat.
19) 13) dialog: Yeah?  And what do you do the rest of the time, live off your trust fund?
19) 15) dialog: (with a little laugh)
19) 18) dialog: It's been a while.  Maybe I'm just out of practice.
19) 20) dialog: Why in the hell would you want to watch my kids?
19) 22) dialog: Right. She starts cleaning up the cards.
19) 24) dialog: You're around every afternoon?
19) 26) text: No big deal.  If it doesn't work out, you can send 'em back to the chicken fat lady. Tempting.  Erin looks him over.
19) 27) dialog: This isn't gonna get you laid, you know.
20) 0) text: The wee hours.  Erin's in a t-shirt, sitting on her mattr on the floor.  The paperwork from the box is now spread a over the floor around her.  She's reading a letter.
21) 0) text: Still reading, Erin gets Beth out of her crib.  Beth quie
22) 0) text: Erin lies down on the mattress and rests Beth on her ches She sets down the file she was reading and picks up anoth
22) 2) dialog: It was in this real estate file I'm valuing. And -- see, I know they're the medical records from the people selling the house -- but it talks about things like lymphocytes and T8 suppressers. Erin sees Ed pass behind Jane.  She lowers her voice, so won't see her asking for help.
22) 3) dialog: I mean, it's not a problem or anything, but -- I'm just a little unclear on what those things are.  I thought maybe you'd know.
23) 0) text: Large.  Looming.  Very establishment.  Through the window we see Erin at the desk, talking to a LIBRARIAN.  She has file in her hands.  Over this:
23) 2) dialog: Hi, Rosalind, this is Erin.  Brockovich. From the file room?  I was wondering if you could tell Mr. Masry that I'm following up on that real estate thing out of the office. The librarian gives her directions to somewhere else.
24) 0) text: Smaller, but still establishment.  Erin's Hyundai pulls i the parking lot.
25) 0) text: Erin is at the reference desk, eating a candy bar while s talks to the LIBRARIAN.  He checks something on the compu A couple of WHITE-COATED MEDICAL STUDENTS pass her, doubl taking.  They don't see many like her around here.
26) 0) text: A long, academic hallway lit by fluorescents.  Erin gets an elevator and heads down the hall.  She finds a door wi nameplate that reads "Jim Paulsen, Epidemiology" and KNOC The door opens and DR. JIM PAULSEN appears.  He's a class scientist: unruly hair, thick glasses.  Nothing like Erin ever shown up at his door.  He reels at the sight of her.
26) 1) dialog: Dr. Paulsen?
26) 3) dialog: Hi, I'm Erin Brockovich.  I was just over in the library there, asking a mess of questions about -- I guess they call it epidemiology? -- and the fella there told me to find you, cause you know all about it.
26) 6) dialog: Who's Baxter?
26) 10) dialog: No one put me up to anything.  I was just hoping I could ask you a couple questions.
27) 0) text: Orderly chaos.  Dr. Paulsen, still recovering, has Erin's file in his hands.  Erin is sitting across from him.
27) 2) dialog: Right, I guess those are the kids --
27) 4) dialog: Their parents, I'm pretty sure.
28) 1) dialog: Whoa, whoa!  Easy, easy, easy -- WIDEN to see Erin, phone to her ear, grabbing a carton of juice from Matt and Katie, who are fighting over it at th table.  Just as she takes it from them, the phone picks u
30) 0) text: This is a dry, desolate part of California.  No downtown, community.  Just tract after tract of arid farmland, with small, bland, unprotected ranch home cropping up out of t landscape like occasional tombstones. A beat-up old sign on the road reads: "HINKLEY, CA.  POP: but the  corner where the number would be has broken off. As a gust of wind lifts dust from the fields, Erin turns Community Boulevard, the main road that cuts through Hink
31) 0) text: Erin looks around.  The house she's passing has been raze A heap of lumber and wires in the middle of the property. As she checks the piece of paper with Donna's address, sh drives by the PG&amp;E COMPRESSOR STATION, a massive gray structure of pipes, chimneys and ladders, set way back fr the road.  Erin passes it without noticing it. She stops at an intersection.  The house on the corner ha been boarded up with plywood.  Erin notices it -- depress -- then turns the corner onto Donna's street.
32) 0) text: A generic ranch home standing all alone in the middle of nothing.  There's a pool out back and a chain link fence hugging the property.  No landscaping.  Dull, but clean. few BOTTLES OF SPRING WATER wait by the door. The Hyundai pulls into the driveway and stops.  Erin gets out.  As she heads up to the door, her spike heels sink i the dirt.  She rings the bell.  It has a melody chime. DONNA IRVING opens the door.  She's 35, petite, with a scrappy, high-strung manner.  She's wearing tight jeans, her dark curls are piled on top of her head.
32) 1) dialog: Hi.  Donna Irving?
32) 3) dialog: I'm Erin Brockovich, from Masry &amp; Vititoe?
32) 6) dialog: Hell, no.  I hate lawyers.  I just work for them.  You got a minute?
33) 0) text: The house is furnished with little money, but lots of car Erin's on a plaid couch, in a sea of needlepoint pillows. Out back, two GIRLS, ages 9 and 11, are playing in a pool
33) 1) dialog: This is a real nice place you got here.
33) 4) dialog: Yeah?  I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey. Donna corrects the positioning on a couple of pillows.
33) 6) dialog: Right.
33) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'm real glad you brought that up.  I was going through your file here, and I ran into these medical records.  They kinda surprised me -- This would be the perfect opportunity for many to get sel pitying.  But not Donna.  Life's handed her a shitload of lemons, and darned if she hasn't made a shitload of lemon
33) 10) dialog: Yeah, I'm real sorry to hear that.
33) 12) dialog: I'll say.  Holy moley.
33) 14) dialog: Yeah, I can see that. (beat)
33) 17) dialog: Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&amp;E about it in the first place.
33) 19) dialog: They did?
33) 21) dialog: Wow.  Why would they do that?
33) 23) dialog: The what?
34) 2) dialog: What's chromium?
34) 4) dialog: Well, hell, maybe that's why you all have been so sick --
34) 7) dialog: Seems like an awful big coincidence -- your water being messed with and you being so sick.
35) 0) text: Erin's driving away from Donna's house.  A street lamp th light on the box of chromium documents in the passenger s She gets to an intersection and looks across the street a the massive COMPRESSOR STATION.  Six stories high, lit up like a Christmas tree, with all sizes of PIPES criss-cros the outside and GIANT COOLING TOWERS sticking up out of i Far more massive than anything else in town, it looms ove the horizon like the Capitol in D.C. or St. Peter's in Ro Erin takes a long look at the compressor station, then tu onto Community Boulevard and drives away.
36) 0) text: Erin is holding Beth, making her a bottle, when she hears NOISES coming from outside.  She follows them.
37) 0) text: Erin opens the door to find George attaching bars to her windows.
37) 1) dialog: What're you doing?
37) 3) dialog: You want some coffee, George?
38) 0) text: George follows Erin in.
38) 2) dialog: Thanks for reminding me.
38) 4) dialog: You think it could make you sick, living in a place like this?
38) 6) dialog: I was talking to this lady -- she and her husband both got cancer, and she thinks it's cause they live in a bad neighborhood.  You think that's possible?  That living in a bad neighborhood could give you cancer? George laughs a little at the thought.
39) 0) text: Erin clips down the block in short-shorts and high-heeled boots.  Up ahead a few of DOWN-ON-THEIR-LUCK MEN are out stoop, drinking their breakfast.  Erin approaches them.
39) 1) dialog: Hi, y'all -- how you doing today?
39) 3) dialog: I'm okay, I'm just fine.  I was wondering -- could I maybe ask you a couple questions? She settles down on the stoop with them for a chat.
40) 0) text: Dr. Paulsen and Erin are sitting, talking.  He's thrilled have her back in his office.
40) 1) dialog: ... and when I realized our area's just as bad as Hinkley, I thought maybe my neighbors are all sick too.  So I went and asked.
40) 3) text: You did? Erin digs a pad of paper out of her bag.
40) 4) dialog: Uh-huh.  Spent the last few days knocking on doors.  And you know what?  They're not. (reads from the pad)
41) 0) text: Paulsen is seeing Erin out of his office.
41) 2) dialog: Don't go telling anyone.  It'll ruin my reputation.
42) 0) text: Erin towers over DAVID FRANKEL as she walks across campus with him.  He's the grittier variety of scientist: Patago Birkenstocks, bushy beard.  He's as dry as dust, and as m as Dr. Paulsen responded to Erin, Frankel barely notices
42) 2) dialog: There's more than one kind?
42) 4) dialog: Harmful, like -- how?  What would you get?
42) 6) dialog: So that stuff -- it kills people.
42) 8) dialog: Well, how do I find out what kind of chromium is up in Hinkley?
42) 10) dialog: Hunh-uh.  What's that?
42) 12) dialog: County water board.  All righty, thanks.
43) 0) text: Erin's Hyundai pulls up and stops in a cloud of dust.
44) 0) text: Drab, government-issue.  ROSS, the bored desk clerk is thumbing his way through ROAD &amp; TRACK.  Just as he st stare at a motor oil ad in which a buxom blonde is stradd the hood of a car, the huge door opens and Erin enters.
44) 1) dialog: Whew!  Goddamn, that's a heavy door. Ross looks up.  It's like the girl from the ad walked rig off the page.  He jumps up, to help her with the door.
44) 3) dialog: Thank you very much.  Aren't you a gentleman?  Mr. ...
44) 5) dialog: Ross.  Real pleased to meet you.  I'm Erin. She smiles.  He can't believe his luck.
44) 7) dialog: Well, believe it or not, I am on the prowl for some water records.
44) 10) dialog: (laughing along)
44) 13) dialog: I wish I knew.  It's for my boss.  He's fighting his water bill, and he wants me to find all manner of bills from all kinds of places.  The easiest thing would probably be if I just squeezed back there with you and poked around myself.  Would that be okay?
44) 16) dialog: Nope.  Maiden.
44) 19) dialog: Not anymore. She smiles and winks at him, then goes around the counter with him and looks at the stacks and stacks of files.
44) 20) dialog: Well.  Here goes nothing. She heads down an aisle, reading the spines of the files. They're all town names -- Barstow, Victorville, Oro Grand Helendale -- in no particular order.  Finally, Erin spots that says Hinkley.  She pulls it down.
46) 0) text: It's gotten dark.  Erin's Hyundai's still there.
47) 0) text: Erin is on the floor, her legs stretched out in front of She has a bunch of files open and spread across the floor The one in her hand has caught her attention. 
47) 2) dialog: "... On December 7, 1987, the discharger notified the regional board and the San Bernardino County Environmental Health  Services of the discovery of 0.58 ppm of hexavalent chromium in an on-site ground water monitoring well ..." (beat)
47) 3) text: ... hexavalent ...  INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, RECEPTION - DAY  CLOSE ON A XEROX OF THE ABATEMENT ORDER.  WIDEN to see it on top of a stack of papers that Erin is carrying as she enters the office.  She has an efficient air about her -- sense of purpose.  INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, FILE ROOM - DAY  Erin swoops in, ready to work, only to find her desk clea off.  She turns to Anna, who's already hard at work. 
47) 4) dialog: Where's my stuff?  Anna looks up. 
47) 6) dialog: What the fuck did you do with my stuff? 
47) 8) dialog: Someone stole my stuff. 
47) 10) dialog: I had photos of my kids, plus a mug --  Jane reaches under her desk for a box, looks through it.
47) 12) dialog: What's going on? 
47) 14) dialog: I've been working.  Shit, that's all I've been doing.  Ask Mr. Masry.  He knows.  INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - DAY  Ed's at his desk, dialing the phone when Erin barrels in.
47) 15) dialog: You said to fire me? He sets down the receiver. 
47) 17) dialog: I left a message.  I've been dealing with  that real estate thing.  I was gonna write  up a whole damn report and --
47) 19) dialog: What am I supposed to do, check in every two seconds? 
47) 21) dialog: I am not talking to you, bitch. 
47) 24) text: Now, look, Erin -- this incident aside, I  don't think this is the right place for you. So what I'm gonna do is make a few calls on  your behalf.  Find you something else, okay? 
47) 25) dialog: Don't bother.  She turns to Jane, takes her box, and heads out. 
47) 27) dialog: Bullshit.  You're trying to feel less guilty about firing someone with three kids to feed.  Fuck if I'll help you do that.  And she leaves.  INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, OUTSIDE ED'S OFFICE - DAY  As Erin heads for the door, pleased glances fly from  secretary to secretary.  Erin reaches the door, but can't open it with the box in her arms.  She turns to the room.
47) 28) dialog: I don't suppose any one of you cunts could open the fucking door for me. 
48) 0) text: Erin's Hyundai rumbles to a stop in front of the house. shoves open the creaky, reluctant door, lifts her box of stuff off the seat, and gets out.  As she walks around the car and toward the house, she run into the MAILMAN.  He hands her a packet of mail. 
49) 0) text: Erin enters, puts down the box and stares at the mail.  Bills, bills, and more bills.  As she throws them on the table, she sees George coming out of the kitchen.
49) 1) dialog: What are you doing here? 
49) 3) dialog: I didn't ask you to do that.  Damn it,  George, I don't ask you to do things like that. 
50) 0) text: Erin enters, sees all the cleaning stuff from under the s is spread around the kitchen floor.  A tool box lies open
50) 1) dialog: Great. 
50) 4) dialog: Ugh -- Jesus --  She jumps and brushes it off. 
50) 6) dialog: Damn it --  The bug skitters away from her, along the floorboard.  Er chases it, smacking at it repeatedly, missing it every ti
50) 8) dialog: Come here, you little motherfucker -- The bug crawls up onto the table, zipping behind the salt the pepper, the napkin holder.  Erin keeps after it, BANG the table harder and harder with each SMACK of her shoe.
50) 10) text: The salt and pepper skid off the table.  The napkins fly their holder.  Just as Erin's about to nail the bug, it s into a crack in the wall and disappears.  Erin hurls her at the crack.  It SMASHES into the wall.
50) 11) dialog: 
50) 14) dialog: (almost a whisper)
50) 18) dialog: What kind of person lives like this?  Huh? What kind of person lets her kids run around in a house crawling with bugs the size of housecats?
50) 22) dialog: I can't call an exterminator.  I can't afford one.  God, I can't even afford my phone. (beat)
50) 27) dialog: Doesn't matter.  Doesn't make one bit of difference. (then, fragile)
50) 31) dialog: Well, I'm sure as hell not what I thought I was gonna be.  I was supposed to have one of those great lives, with everything all laid- out and perfect.  I mean, hell -- I was Miss Wichita, for God's sakes.  Did I tell you that?  You live next door to a real live beauty queen. (wipes her nose)
50) 35) dialog: No I'm not.  Look at me.  I'm not.
50) 40) dialog: I'm no good, George.  I make people miserable.
51) 1) text: Erin and George are in bed, naked, curled around each oth
51) 5) dialog: Don't be too nice to me, okay?  It makes me nervous. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - DAY
52) 1) text: CLOSE ON THE TABLE, where Beth is bobbing in her baby cha On one side of her is a heap of bills with "PAST DUE" and "PLEASE REMIT" stamped on them.  On the other, the well- thumbed CLASSIFIED SECTION, with circles and X's all over The DOORBELL rings.  Erin swoops in and picks up Beth.
52) 2) dialog: Come on, baby.  Maybe that's Ed McMahon.
53) 1) text: Erin carries Beth over to the front door, spies through t peephole, and sees Ed standing there.  She opens the door
53) 3) dialog: What are you doing here?
53) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah?
53) 9) dialog: Well, that was nice of him.  Isn't it funny how some people go out of their way to help people and others just give 'em the ax?
53) 11) dialog: Now, why in the hell would you assume that?
53) 13) dialog: Boy, are you ever a shitty judge of people.
53) 18) dialog: You wanna know, you gotta hire me back.  I got a lot of bills to pay.
54) 1) text: Erin has let Ed in.  They're sitting.
54) 5) dialog: They told her something, but it can't have been too specific, cause I talked to her, and she sure didn't think her water was bad.
54) 9) dialog: It doesn't take a genius to look at those medical records and think something's wrong.
54) 11) dialog: The ones in the box of files. (off Ed's blank look)
54) 14) dialog: Boy, you musta really fine-tooth-combed it then, huh? (to herself)
54) 18) dialog: Course I did.
54) 21) dialog: I want a raise.  And benefits.  Including dental.
54) 24) text: Erin doesn't budge.
54) 28) dialog: Ten. (off his look)
54) 34) dialog: So far.  But that place is a pig sty.  I wouldn't be surprised if there's more.
55) 0) text: Erin's Hyundai zips along the freeway.  "Funky Town" is blaring from the tinny stereo.  Over it:
56) 0) text: Erin's driving.  Matthew's in the front seat.  Katie and (in a car seat) are in the back.
56) 1) dialog: There's no way a son of mine hates Funky Town.  It's impossible.
56) 4) dialog: Oh, come on, where's your sense of adventure?  We're going someplace you never been before.
56) 7) dialog: You know what I'm realizing for the first time?  You kids are a couple of downers.  I mean, you are the real thing -- a couple of honest-to-God depresso-types. (small smile)
56) 12) dialog: Some kind of half-wit, no-good, big-haired, bimbo, I bet.
56) 15) dialog: Thank God we got you away from her, huh? By now they're all smiling.  Funky Town plays on. EXT. PG&amp;E COMPRESSOR STATION - DAY The Hyundai is parked at the entrance to the station, by row of dead trees.  Erin is standing beside a sign that s "Private Property.  No Trespassing", taking pictures of t massive structure in the distance.  Matthew, Katie, and B are drawing in the dirt with sticks.
56) 16) dialog: Stay out of the road.  I'll be right back. She wanders up the drive, onto PG&amp;E property, moving the plant, taking pictures of it from every possible angl As she wanders over a big, flat, dry field to the side of plant, she glances over her shoulder to check on her kids notices the trail she made in the dirt has a greenish hue She looks at the dirt right her feet.  Kicks the ground. Below the surface, the dirt turns from brown to green.  E notes this, then looks back at her kids playing in the di Worry comes over her face.  She heads back to them.
57) 0) text: The kids are waiting at the car.  Erin comes out of the s with a bottle of water and uses it to rinse off their han
59) 0) text: Erin is at the Xerox machine, copying a file while she tr to calm Beth.  There's a stack of files on the nearby tab Matthew and Katie are flopping around on the floor.
59) 1) dialog: We'll go eat in a minute.  Settle down. Whining, fussing.  Ross goes over to her.
59) 3) dialog: Ross -- you are an absolute angel. She hands Ross the STACK OF DOCUMENTS. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, BRENDA'S DESK - DAY Ed comes in in the morning, and without pausing, hands Br a copy of the STACK OF DOCUMENTS, with a Post-it on the t
60) 0) text: Another copy of those DOCUMENTS, now in Donna's hands.  S on her couch with Erin, reading them.  Outside, Donna's t daughters are playing in the pool.  She reads the last pa and looks up at Erin, bewildered.
60) 2) dialog: It was right up on the PG&amp;E property over there.
60) 4) dialog: Yeah.
60) 6) dialog: I know.  But the toxicologist I been talking to?  He gave me a list of problems that can come from hexavalent chromium exposure. And everything you all have is on that list. Donna resists this idea hard.
60) 8) dialog: Right, but -- didn't you say he was paid by PG&amp;E? Donna sits quietly, trying to make sense of this.  The on sound is the LAUGHING and SPLASHING from the pool out bac Then, gradually, Donna realizes what it is she's hearing her kids playing in toxic water.  She jumps up ...
61) 0) text: From the door, Erin watches Donna run to the edge of the in a frantic response to this news.
62) 2) dialog: So you think we got 'em scared?
62) 5) text: Erin feels the chill Brenda's sending her way.
62) 6) dialog: Nice to see you again, too, Brenda. Brenda leaves without acknowledging Erin. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, MAIN ROOM - DAY Ed and Erin come out and see DAVID BAUM waiting at recept Forget law school, this kid looks like he's just out of twelfth grade.  Not a hair on his chin.  His suit and sho look brand new.
62) 7) dialog: Not to question your judgment or anything, Mr. Masry, but -- that doesn't exactly look like sitting up and taking notice to me. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Ed and Erin are seated across the table from Baum. To say this kid lacks authority is a gross understatement.  He doesn't talk; he squeaks.
62) 17) dialog: -- breast cysts, uterine cancer, Hodgkin's disease, immune deficiencies, asthma, chronic nosebleeds. Despite their persuasiveness, Baum parrots what is obviou the party line:
62) 26) text: Thanks.  I'll keep it in mind. And Ed leaves the conference room.  Erin follows him out. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, MAIN ROOM - DAY Erin follows Ed as he stomps back to his office.
62) 27) dialog: At least they made an offer.
62) 29) dialog: I don't get why they'd do that.
62) 31) dialog: And you can't?
62) 36) dialog: Mr. Masry, Mario gets lost going to the bathroom.  They'll be driving around the valley for hours.
62) 39) dialog: Well I'll be God damned. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, OUTSIDE ED'S OFFICE - NIGHT End of the day.  Most everyone has left.  Erin is at her work space near Ed's office.  She's poring over a fat fil documents.  ROSALIND wanders by with her coat on.
62) 41) dialog: I'm a slow reader, on account of the fact that I look at the word "dog" and see "god".
62) 44) dialog: Yeah.  Who are you?
63) 3) dialog: Wow.  How many were born like this?
63) 6) dialog: It sure could, yeah.  Thanks a lot. She tucks them into a file, as if that's it.
63) 8) dialog: What?
63) 10) dialog: Are you kidding?  My God --
63) 12) dialog: I'm surprised Donna didn't say anything.
64) 0) text: Matt and Katie are in bed, with the light off.  Erin come in, quietly, in clothes from work.
64) 1) dialog: Hey.  You guys still awake? CLOSE ON MATT AND KATIE.  They're awake and pissed.
64) 2) dialog: Come on, now.  No faking.  George told me he just shut out the light a few seconds ago. They still don't answer.  She comes in and sits on a bed.
64) 3) dialog: Look, I know you're mad.  But the way this job is, things come up at the last minute, real important things, and I gotta deal with them.  Now I don't like me missing dinner any more than you do, but we're all gonna have to get used to it, cause the fact is, it's gonna happen sometimes.
64) 5) dialog: That's not true; we had dinner together just last night.
64) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, pumpkins.  I'll try a whole lot harder to be around, okay?  I promise.
65) 0) text: The room is dark.  Erin enters and flops down onto the be exhausted.  George is lying on the bed next to her.
67) 3) text: Hi, babys.  Baby's fine.  Yes, I did.  I did, too, you just didn't feel it. He starts swerving across the lane markers.  THWACK THWAC THWACK.  Ed doesn't notice.  Erin's getting nervous.
67) 6) dialog: Um -- you mind pulling over?  Just -- for a second?
68) 0) text: The Mercedes pulls to a stop on the shoulder.  Erin gets walks around to the driver's side.  Opens the door.
68) 1) dialog: First of all, don't talk baby talk to your wife in front of me.  It really undermines your authority.  And second, I know you're my boss and all, but you are the worst fucking driver I've ever seen.  Move over or I quit. He moves over.  She gets in, turns off the Sinatra.  They pull back out onto the freeway in silence.
70) 0) text: Donna and Pete Irving, and Mandy and Roy Brown are all seated, sipping iced tea.  While they talk, Erin hands th all information packets on chromium.  Ed is standing in f of them, a little stiff.
70) 8) dialog: Boy, do I know how you feel.  First time I heard that number, I said you got to be kidding me.  Forty God damn percent?
70) 10) dialog: I'm the one who's injured, and this joker who sits at a desk all day is gonna walk away with almost half my reward?
70) 12) dialog: Then I asked him how much he makes if I didn't get anything. They look at Ed.  Well?
70) 14) dialog: And I realized, he's taking a chance too. When they hear this, and realize he's in it with them, th all reach for their pens and sign.   They hand the agreem over to Erin, who takes them across the room to Ed.  He stuffs them in his briefcase and closes it up.  That's th
70) 16) dialog: (whispering)
70) 19) dialog: Donna, let me help you clean all this up. She picks up a tray of iced tea and cookies and heads to kitchen.  Donna and Mandy follow, leaving Ed alone with P and Roy.  He stands there, awkwardly.  Then, finally:
71) 0) text: Erin and Donna are putting away the cleaned glasses.  Man is scanning the chromium pamphlet Erin gave her.
71) 2) dialog: Uh-huh?
72) 1) dialog: Excuse me.  Are you Mr. Linwood? He sees Erin picking her way toward him in her high-heels
72) 3) dialog: I'm Erin Brockovich.  I work at the law firm that represents your former neighbors the Browns.  They suggested I give you a call. She steps in a cow patty.  Laughs at herself good-natured
72) 4) dialog: Boy howdy, did I ever wear the wrong shoes.
73) 0) text: CLOSE ON A SIGN that reads: THE DESOTOS, hanging on the s of a small, paint-chipped house.  Erin is at the door tal to MARY DESOTO, 65, who's wearing a big cross at her brea
73) 1) dialog: ... and Mr. Linwood seemed to think that your husband had been sick as well.
74) 0) text: Erin is talking to MIKE and LAURA AMBROSINO -- 30's.  Sol family folks.  But Laura's left brow and cheekbone look swollen and misshapen, and she's trying to hide the fact she's in a lot of pain.
74) 1) dialog: Mrs. DeSoto said she wasn't sure exactly what it was that you had --
75) 0) text: Erin is talking to TED AND RITA DANIELS.  Their daughter ANNABELLE, 10, is sitting on the couch, wrapped in a blan
75) 1) dialog: ... then Mike Ambrosino remembered seeing you folks at the hospital from time to time too, so I thought I'd just stop by. (to Annabelle)
75) 4) dialog: Whew, are you ever a beauty.  I mean, you must drive those boys crazy. Annabelle smiles a little.
76) 0) text: Late night.  George rolls over -- Erin's side of the bed empty.  He checks the clock, then gets up and heads into:
77) 0) text: He peers around and spots her, sitting in the little kid' chair in Matthew and Katie's room. Erin is holding Beth, watching Matt and Katie sleep.  Eri hears the floor creak as George steps into the doorway.
77) 1) dialog: Tell me something, George.  What kind of God lets a beautiful little 10-year-old girl get brain cancer?  Isn't He supposed to be in charge of stuff like that?  Make sure it doesn't happen? (beat)
78) 0) text: Ed and Erin are walking down the street, take-out coffee in their hands.  Ed is sipping his, but Erin is in too mu of a lather to drink hers.
78) 2) dialog: That's crazy -- why not?
79) 0) text: Erin and Ed are riding up.
79) 1) dialog: Okay, so here's what I'll do.  I'll go on up to Ted and Rita Daniels -- two of the nicest people you'd ever hope to meet, who spend every single day watching their little girl fight like a dog against this cancer -- I'll tell them we can't help them cause you don't feel like working that hard.
79) 3) dialog: Bullshit.
79) 5) dialog: -- who happens to know they poisoned people and lied about it. The doors open.  Ed gets off.  Erin follows.
80) 0) text: Erin's dogging Ed down the hall, to the office.
80) 1) dialog: And this shit is bad news, Mr. Masry.  Not only does it attack every organ of the body, it fucks with your DNA, too.  That means these people's genes, and the genes of their kids, and the genes of their grandkids --
80) 3) dialog: We can get these people.  With a little effort, I really think we can nail their asses to the wall.
80) 5) dialog: Okay, fine.  I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference -- He shuts his office door on her.
80) 6) dialog: 
81) 3) dialog: Four more.  Eleven people.  So far.
81) 5) dialog: Well -- I found one document at the water board that had a toxic test well reading from 1967.  A hell of a lot of people have lived on that land since then. Ed pauses, groans again, realizing what decision he's mak
81) 7) dialog: Kinda like David and what's-his-name?
81) 10) dialog: You're doing the right thing, Mr. Masry.
81) 12) dialog: Course, gathering evidence -- now, that's a big job.  A hell of a lot bigger than just filing.  I'm gonna be working a lot harder now, taking on a lot more responsibility ... He gives her a look.  Knows what's coming.
81) 14) dialog: Another raise wouldn't hurt.  And with all the time I'm gonna be spending on the road, I'll probably be needing my own cel phone, won't I?
81) 17) dialog: You each can pick out four things.  But nothing huge.  Look at the price.  Nothing crazy. Matthew and Katie fan out into the store.  Erin keeps mes with the phone.
81) 19) dialog: George, I am just trying to do something nice for my kids on my one day off.  Could you please not give me a hard time about it?
81) 21) dialog: Well, hell, I guess that's it, then, huh? They're scarred for life.  They're gonna start holding up 7-11's any day now.
81) 23) dialog: (with intensity)
82) 0) text: Erin, in high heels and miniskirt, is straddling a ditch, scooping clumps of gunky moss from the ditch into plastic containers.  Over this:
82) 1) dialog: Dr. Frankel, it's Erin Brockovich.  Tell me something: if I wanna find as much evidence of hexavalent chromium contamination as I possibly can, what should I do? As Erin labels the containers, her heels slide down the s of the ditch, and she lands smack in it, knee-deep in gun
83) 0) text: Erin, now completely dirty, is climbing over a fence mark "No Trespassing".  Her arms are full of more containers.
84) 0) text: Another day.  This time it's RAINING.  Erin minces her wa down to the deep end of the pool in her spike heels.
85) 0) text: With a sample cup held in her teeth, Erin hauls herself u over the well's concrete wall, then, with her back agains one side of the well and her feet against the other, star shimmying down the well.
85) 5) dialog: Liar.  I'm not wearing any. Ed, in his office, laughs.  He's starting to like this ga
86) 0) text: It's a hot night.  George is playing on the floor with th kids.  Erin is behind them on the couch, laboriously read a book labeled, simply, CHROMIUM.  The phone RINGS.  Erin picks it up.
86) 1) dialog: Hello?
86) 3) dialog: Yes.  Who's this? CLICK.  Erin stares at the phone, freaked.
87) 0) text: George watches Erin double-checking the locks on the door
87) 1) dialog: I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George.
87) 3) dialog: I'm not in danger.  I have a dead bolt. Remember? She goes to the living room, double-checks the window loc in there.  George follows.
87) 5) dialog: No, see -- that's exactly what those arrogant PG&amp;E fucks want me to think -- that because they got all this money and power, we don't stand a chance in hell against them.  But you know what?  They're wrong. She heads into the bedrooms.
87) 7) dialog: (off-hand)
88) 0) text: Matt and Katie are asleep.  Erin is checking their window George comes in.  They whisper.
88) 2) dialog: Nothing.
88) 4) dialog: I didn't say that.
88) 6) dialog: Keep your voice down.
89) 0) text: Erin is reaching up to a high shelf for a dusty old box o files.  Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Ross passi
89) 1) dialog: Hey, Ross.  Tell me something.  Does PG&amp;E pay you to cover their ass, or do you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
89) 4) dialog: The fuck you don't.  No one calls me Pattee. That heavy-breathing sicko that called the other night could've only found out about me from you. (beat)
89) 5) text: People are dying, Ross.  You got document after document here, right under your nose, that says why, and you haven't said word one about it.  I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night. Ross is speechless.  He just stands there.  Erin drags th box to the floor and goes to work.
90) 0) text: Erin's car is parked in front.  A DIRTY OLD PICK-UP comes rumbling up the road.  When its lights hit Erin's car, it slows, then pulls over.  The driver flicks on his BRIGHTS get a better look at the car.  The truck sits there for a bit, a dark presence.  Then, as the headlights of another appear down the road, the truck goes back in gear, pulls and drives off.
91) 0) text: A pile of documents is strapped into the passenger seat. empty coffee cup rolls around the floor.  Erin's driving, exhausted.  She yawns as she dials her phone.
91) 2) dialog: I'm so tired I'm about to drive off the road.  Keep me awake, willya?
91) 4) dialog: No, no jokes, I gotta pee.  Just tell me about your day.  What went on back there?
91) 6) dialog: What? (beat)
91) 11) dialog: She lived on the plume.  You never know.
92) 0) text: Open pits, pony rides, watermelon.  George is watching Ka and Matt being led around on ponies, an activity that sto being fun hours ago.  Now they're just hot and tired. BY THE BARBECUE, Ed is talking to an OLDER COUPLE as they sign retainer agreements. ELSEWHERE, Erin, holding Beth, is looking at pictures of swimming pool with FIVE OTHER WOMEN.  The water is green.
92) 1) dialog: This was the community pool?
92) 4) dialog: Just a few more minutes, then we can go. (as he heads off)
92) 5) text: Take her, will you? George drops the pamphlet and takes Beth from Erin.  He h over to Matt and Katie, sitting glumly on a log. As he steps away, a hand reaches down and grabs the flier dropped.  It belongs to a MAN IN A BLACK JACKET.  He's in 50's, strong and sinewy.  Military-style dark glasses obs his eyes.  He scans the pamphlet, then watches Erin worki the crowd.  Watches her carefully.  He slides the pamphle into his inside pocket, and heads back his car -- the DIR OLD PICK-UP TRUCK that idled in front of the Water Board. LATER STILL ... Erin is heading over to George and the kids, ready to lea when Donna comes up to her, with A MIDDLE-AGED MAN in tow
92) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.  What were you saying? LATER ... The barbecue is winding down.  Ed is heading for his Mercedes.  Erin storms up beside him, mad as all get-out.
92) 8) dialog: I need a ride.
93) 0) text: Ed is driving.  He glances over at Erin, fuming in the passenger seat.  After a beat:
93) 3) dialog: No. Another beat.  Then Erin's cel phone rings.  She digs int her bag, pulling it out as fast as she can.  Answers.
93) 4) dialog: What, asshole? There's a pause.  Then Mike Ambrosino's voice comes over line, very strained:
94) 0) text: The curtains are drawn; everything is dark.  Ed and Erin at the door, talking to Mike, who looks drawn and tired.
95) 0) text: Erin opens the door.  Very dark, very quiet.  Laura is ly in bed.  Erin goes over to her.  They speak in whispers.
95) 2) dialog: That's okay.  I understand.
95) 4) dialog: I'm real sorry, Laura. Erin sits down on the chair next to the bed.  Takes a bea
95) 6) dialog: Jaguar's a darn pretty car.
95) 9) dialog: A lot.  But you hang in there, maybe you'll get one. Laura shakes her head.
96) 0) text: George, in his leather and denim, is walking down the sidewalk.  As we WIDEN, we see he's pushing a PINK STROLL He stops at a crosswalk, waiting for the light to change. In the stroller, Beth starts to whine.  George reaches in pocket, finds her pacifier.  As he's leaning down to give to her, he hears a RUMBLE coming down the street behind h The roar grows.  He stands, looks.  A GROUP OF ABOUT TEN BIKERS has pulled up next to him.  He looks at them.  The look at him, then at the stroller.  George feels ridiculo When the light changes, the bikers REV LOUDLY and pull ou George just stands there and watches them go. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE - NIGHT His office is all about Hinkley.  A map of the plume area a diagram of the plant cover one wall; photos of the plan cover the credenza; piles of documents litter every surfa Erin is up at the map, eating Chinese food.
96) 1) dialog: They used the hex chrom here, in these cooling tanks, as an anti-corrosive.  Then they dumped it here, in these six ponds.
96) 3) dialog: They covered 'em over.  And not too carefully either, cause you dig one inch under the surface, and the dirt is green as a fucking shamrock.
96) 5) dialog: It didn't help, but no.  The real problem's on the bottom. She reaches for a document, reads from it.
96) 6) dialog: See, according to this, they were supposed to line the ponds so this shit couldn't seep into the ground.  But guess what --
96) 8) dialog: I guess it was a little too inconvenient. So for fourteen years, this stuff flowed into the groundwater, free as you please.
96) 10) text: I don't even wanna ask what you did to make this Melendez guy talk. In response to the insinuation, Erin gives him a glare.
96) 11) dialog: For your information, Frank cares what was in those ponds 'cause he used to spend half his day wading around them.  That was his job.
96) 13) dialog: No -- Suddenly, her eyes pop out of her head --
96) 14) dialog: SHIT!  SHIT!  Hot!  Hot!  Hot! Tears spring to her eyes.  She fans furiously at her mout Ed finds the tequila from the client and hands it to her. She takes a swig.  There's a nanosecond of relief ... unt the tequila hits.  Her eyes redden.  She spews and gasps.
96) 15) dialog: You ... asshole ... Ed chuckles. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - LATER The tequila's been dipped into.  Ed and Erin are each lyi on a couch, staring at documents.  Late-night working.
96) 18) dialog: Yeah?  Then gimme another raise.
96) 20) dialog: Don't give me that.  You're gonna get plenty rich off of this, Mr. 40 percent.  We got those PG&amp;E fuckers by the balls here.
96) 22) dialog: What do you mean?
96) 24) dialog: Oh, they knew.  They had to know.
96) 27) dialog: Jesus Christ, Ed -- you know, the more I work on this thing, the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system is.  Here we got a company that poisoned a whole aquifer -- that built a pool for a town, then filled it with toxic water -- and we're the ones who've gotta bust our ass proving things?  That's just not right. Beat.  Ed smiles.
96) 29) dialog: Really?  It makes me sick.
96) 31) dialog: You didn't care about my case?
96) 34) dialog: Well, good, Ed.  I like working with you too. They both smile a little awkwardly.  Take a beat.  Then:
96) 37) dialog: Cause it's my office party.  If you had an office, I'd go to your party. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ERIN AND BRENDA'S DESKS - NIGHT It's dark.  The door to Erin's area opens.
96) 38) dialog: And here, ta-daa, is my desk. She flicks on the lights.  Brenda's desk is decorated and a present on it.  Erin's is empty.
96) 40) text: Maybe they didn't think you were coming. Erin shakes her head.  She's surprised by how hurt she is
96) 41) dialog: (quietly)
98) 0) text: Erin and George, in a rapidly-heating-up clinch on her de hear the voices.  Erin pulls away.
98) 1) dialog: That's Ed.
98) 3) dialog: No, I wanna say hi. He pulls her back into him, not wanting to move.
98) 5) dialog: Come on, George, it's a party. He watches her straighten her dress and take a step away him.  It's just one step, but it feels a hell a lot farth
99) 0) text: Erin and Ed are at the reception desk, talking and laughi NEARBY, Joey and George are standing together, awkwardly.
100) 2) dialog: What do you want to talk about instead? Your day?  That's a fascinating subject.
101) 0) text: Erin and George are fighting while they get ready for bed
101) 2) dialog: That is not what I'm --
101) 4) dialog: Great.  Excellent.  Thank you very much. She leaves the room.
102) 0) text: Beth is wailing in her crib.  Erin comes in in her nights and lifts Beth out.  Then, more to herself than to Beth:
102) 1) dialog: It's okay, baby.  It'll be okay. She runs her hand over Beth's head, then slides down the and crumples onto the floor.  As she curls around Beth, E starts to COUGH.  Deep, raspy coughs from way down low. EXT. PG&amp;E STATION - NIGHT Late, late at night.  The plant is silent.  The property seems empty, until we notice Pete Irving standing alone inside the gates, staring up at the station. After a beat, he picks up a rock and hurls it at the plan It misses.  Not that it would do anything if it hit.  He reaches for another, throws it.  Then another, and anothe He hurls rock after rock at the gigantic plant.  Then, overwhelmed by his impotence, he lets out a TERRIFYING YE
103) 0) text: Donna's sitting quietly in bed.  Erin is sitting on the e of the bed.
103) 4) dialog: Sure you are.  You're just a happier woman, cause you don't have to deal with maxi-pads and underwire. Donna smiles a little.  Then her face crumbles.
103) 7) dialog: If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off.
103) 9) dialog: Yeah, I heard that one before. Brenda leans her head in.
103) 11) dialog: Jesus.  They look like the Secret Service.
103) 13) text: Tell them to wait in the conference room. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Sanchez, Webster, Buda, and Cooper are seated. The door opens and Ed enters, legal pad under his arm. Followed by Erin, legal pad under her arm.  Followed by A (looking professional in Brenda's suit coat), legal pad u her arm.  Followed by Mario (in a suit produced from who knows where), legal pad under his arm.  If you didn't kno better, you'd assume it was a team of lawyers as well.
103) 17) dialog: Oh, see, now that pisses me off.  First of all -- we got more'n a hundred plaintiffs. They may not be sophisticated, but they do know how to divide, and two million dollars isn't shit when it's split between them. Mario and Anna exchange a look.  This is getting interest
103) 19) dialog: And second of all -- these people don't dream about being rich.  They dream about being able to watch their kids swim in a pool without worrying they'll have to have a hysterectomy at age 20, like Rosa Diaz -- a client of ours -- or have their spine deteriorate like Stan Bloom.  Another client of ours.  So before you come back here with another lame-ass offer, I want you to think real hard about what your spine is worth, Mr. Buda -- or what you'd expect someone to pay you for your uterus, Miss Sanchez -- then you take out your calculator and multiply that number by a hundred.  Anything less than that is a waste of our time. And she gets up and storms out of the meeting. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, COFFEE AREA - DAY Erin drinks a big swig of coffee and pops a few more aspi Beyond her, the PG&amp;E lawyers are filing out of the of Anna wanders over to Erin, a little uncomfortable.
103) 23) dialog: I'm gonna assume that was meant as a compliment, Anna, and just say thank you. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ERIN'S DESK - NIGHT Erin's at her desk, which is completely buried in documen and files.  She's visibly exhausted, struggling to focus the page, and COUGHING while she works.  Ed calls to her.
103) 25) dialog: D'you get his name? (no answer)
103) 28) dialog: Boy, this job takes me to some of the best damn places, huh?
104) 0) text: Erin is sitting out front, swigging cough syrup from the bottle.  She checks her watch: 6:30.  The GAS STATION ATTENDANT comes out, locks up, and turns out the lights.
104) 1) dialog: This is the only station in town, right?
105) 0) text: Erin drives down the road, hyperventilating, trying to fo on the road.  She looks in the rear-view mirror -- nothin She reaches the train tracks.  A train is passing.  She h to stop.  As she's waiting, the glint of headlights bounc off her rear view mirror.  Truck lights, coming her way. Fuck.  She looks at the train -- still passing -- then ba at the headlights closing in on her.  The train, the headlights, the train, the headlights ... Finally, when the headlights are right behind her, the la train car zips by.  Erin peels out, bounding her rickety over the tracks.  The truck follows.
109) 0) text: Erin comes up on a stop sign.  She runs it.  So does the truck.   A little later, she makes a turn and sees THE LO CAUSE SALOON.  In the parking lot, like a lifeboat, sits Mercedes.  She pulls into the drive and jumps out of her
110) 0) text: Ed is eating ribs when Erin bursts through the door.  She rushes over to him, near tears with fear and exhaustion.
110) 1) dialog: Someone's following me.
110) 3) dialog: Some guy in a truck -- he waited till I was alone, then he followed me, like, two miles. Jesus, I'm shaking.  Get me a beer. Ed gets up and heads toward the door.
110) 5) text: Beer, please. As Ed looks out the door, Erin collapses onto a bench.
110) 7) dialog: I don't know.  Big.  Dark.
110) 10) dialog: No, Ed -- what with me running for my life, I didn't have time to check those things --
110) 12) dialog: Yeah.  Yeah, I'm ... fine. Ed looks at her.  She looks terrible.  Shaky, tired, draw
111) 0) text: Crappy and pink.  Ed's Mercedes pulls into the parking lo Erin's Hyundai follows.  Ed stops, gets out.
112) 0) text: Ed swings by Erin's open car window.
113) 0) text: Erin and Ed amble down the porch, checking door numbers, rattling a key.  They find their adjacent rooms and stop. Erin leans against the wall, too weak to stand.
113) 2) dialog: I think you should know -- there's very few people in the world who don't piss me off 90 percent of the time. (beat)
113) 3) text: You're one of 'em. It's as tender as she gets, and he's moved by it.  They l at each other.  Maybe even considering.  But after a long beat, she reaches for her door again.  Moment over.
115) 1) dialog: Hello? Erin enters, having just gotten home, and sees the mayhem
115) 2) dialog: What are you doing?  Where's George?
115) 4) dialog: George! She heads out.
116) 0) text: George is sitting on the bed when Erin enters.
116) 1) dialog: Jesus, George, they're turning the kitchen into a hellhole.  You know you can't leave them alone like that. He doesn't answer.  Doesn't move.  She notices this.
116) 2) dialog: What's going on?  What are you doing?
116) 4) dialog: About what? He's very calm.  He holds out a small jewelry box.
116) 6) dialog: What's that?
116) 9) dialog: I'm sorry.  I'm just working so hard --
116) 12) dialog: I can't leave my job, George.
116) 14) dialog: I can't.  Look -- this job -- it's the best thing that ever happened to me.  I mean it. For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me.  Up in Hinkley, I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say.  I never had that.  Ever. Don't ask me to give it up.  I need it.
116) 16) dialog: I need it. He nods, then stands, to leave.
116) 18) dialog: You already packed up your stuff?
117) 0) text: Erin is at her window, looking out at the street below. George is strapping a couple of bags onto the back of his bike.  He gets on the bike, starts it up, and drives away
118) 0) text: Erin is driving, looking weary.  Her kids are in the car. Matthew turns on the radio.  Erin reaches over and turns off.  Matthew turns it back on.  Erin glares at him, turn off.  On/off/on/off.  A test of wills.  Finally, when Mat turns it on one more time, Erin turns it off, yanks the k off the stereo and throws it out the window. EXT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE PARKING LOT - DAY The Hyundai pulls into the lot.
119) 0) text: Erin parks the car, unclips her seat belt.
119) 1) dialog: Wait here. She gets out. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, MAIN ROOM - DAY Business as usual.  Erin comes in, goes straight to her d INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ERIN'S DESK - DAY Erin flips through her "in" box, looking for something in particular.  Doesn't find it.  Grrr.  She heads off to: INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, JANE'S OFFICE - DAY Jane is at her desk when Erin comes in.
119) 2) dialog: Where's my paycheck?
119) 4) dialog: What?
119) 6) dialog: (seething)
119) 9) dialog: I don't believe this -- ... then turns and storms out of Jane's office. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ED'S OFFICE - DAY Ed is on the phone when Erin barges in, rage in her eyes.
119) 10) dialog: I want my fucking money --
119) 12) text: I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here -- (puts the call on hold, then, to Erin)
119) 14) dialog: (seething)
119) 17) dialog: It's my paycheck.  Which I earned.  Which I deserve.  Which I shouldn't have to beg for. That fat-ass bitch won't give it to me.
119) 19) dialog: Fuck you.  Make time.  Cause I bust my ass for you.  I watch everything else in my life go straight in the toilet, for you.  And what do you do for me?  Huh?  You see the way I'm treated around here -- but have you ever stood up for me once?  Have you ever mentioned to everyone what good work I'm doing?  Have you ever bothered saying, hey, Erin doesn't get paid the most cause she has the best tits; she gets paid the most cause she's the best God damn employee I've ever had?
119) 21) dialog: I want my paycheck.  By the end of the day. Ed sighs.  Realizes he's going to have to take this on.
119) 23) dialog: You might want to think real hard about the amount, too.  My kids are sitting in the God damn parking lot right now, cause I still don't make enough to afford good child care. Makes me think about looking around for a job where I'm appreciated, for shit's sake. She storms out.
120) 0) text: Erin is standing at the sink, visibly exhausted, trying t the dinner dishes with one arm and comfort Beth, who's CRYING, with the other.  Matthew comes in.
120) 2) dialog: We'll see.
121) 0) text: Matthew is dogging Erin on this.  Beth is still crying.
121) 2) dialog: (snapping)
121) 3) text: Well, God damn it, Matthew -- Randy's mom doesn't work eighteen-hour days, and Randy's dad didn't leave her, so figuring out who's gonna take who where is a little easier over at Randy's house. Erin opens the door.  A MESSENGER is there.
121) 5) dialog: Yeah?
121) 8) dialog: Believe it or not, I would've been satisfied with just the check. Ed turns, sees her.
121) 10) dialog: What kind of things come up?
121) 13) dialog: Whoa.  No shit.
121) 15) dialog: So what are you thinking?
121) 18) dialog: ... but it won't cover Annabelle Daniels's medical bills.
121) 20) dialog: Do you think we'd do better by going to trial?
121) 22) dialog: Plus, 40 percent of 20 million's a whole lot of money.
121) 24) dialog: That's a fucking fortune, Ed.  And you know I'm the last person on Earth to walk away from a big payday.  But you and me didn't get into this to get rich.  We did it cause we both have this voice in our heads saying, do the right thing; get these plaintiffs what they deserve -- the right to live and die in some kind of comfort and peace.  If 50,000 isn't gonna buy that, then we gotta say no. (beat)
122) 2) text: That's it.  The big one.  They've got the top three floors. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, RECEPTION - DAY It feels more like the lobby of a five-star hotel than an office.  Erin and Ed step off the elevator.  Erin gawks.
122) 3) dialog: Holy shit.  Who do they represent, God?
122) 5) text: Ed Masry to see Kurt Potter. As Ed turns to check his reflection, a YOUNG LAWYER comes through the reception area.  Erin watches him pass, then, still miffed, calls out to him.
122) 6) dialog: Scuse me, sir, you got a real nice ass, you know that? The lawyer double-takes on her, then retreats into the office.  Erin turns to Ed, smiles.
122) 7) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.  Was that not what you meant by behaving myself? INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD RECEPTION AREA - DAY THERESA DELLAVALLE, 38, junior partner, comes out to gree them.  She's everything Erin isn't: conservative, restrai unemotional.  And about as sexy as a station wagon.
122) 12) text: Well.  Now I know what you meant when you called her your secret weapon. Erin gives Ed another look.  What the fuck?  Ed gives her firm look back.  Behave. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Potter, Ed, Erin, Theresa and few  PARALEGALS are sitting around the table.  As the conversation ping-pongs between and Potter, Potter completely ignores Erin.
122) 15) dialog: What's a demur?
122) 19) dialog: Counts?
122) 24) dialog: Why good?
122) 28) dialog: Hey -- those are my files --
122) 30) dialog: Excuse me -- Theresa, was it?  There are no holes in my research.
122) 32) dialog: Don't talk to me like I'm an idiot, okay?  I may not have a law degree, but I've spent 18 months on this case, and I know more about those plaintiffs than you ever will.
122) 34) dialog: Whose number do you need?
122) 36) dialog: I said, whose number do you need?
122) 39) dialog: Annabelle Daniels.  714-454-9346. As Theresa starts to write it down:
122) 40) dialog: 10 years old, 11 in May.  Lived on the plume since birth.  Wanted to be a synchronized swimmer, so she spent every minute she could in the PG&amp;E pool.  She had a tumor in her brain stem detected last November, had an operation on Thanksgiving, shrunk it with radiation after that.  Her parents are Rita and Ted.  Ted's got Chron's disease, and Rita has chronic headaches and nausea and underwent a hysterectomy last fall.  Ted grew up in Hinkley.  His brother Robbie and his wife May and their five kids Robbie, Jr., Martha, Ed, Rose, and Peter lived on the plume too.  Their number's 454-9445. You want their diseases? Beat.  Erin glares at Theresa, indignant.
122) 42) dialog: That's all you got, lady.  Two wrong feet. In fucking ugly shoes.
123) 0) text: It's still raining.  Erin is following Ed to the car.  He furious.
123) 1) dialog: She insulted me!
123) 3) dialog: Why the fuck should I respect her? Ed stops in his tracks, furious.  He glares at her.
123) 5) dialog: Not in my world.
123) 7) dialog: Hey!  You're my ride! INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, HALLWAY - DAY Potter and Ed are walking down the hallway, mid-conversat A FEW PARALEGALS follow them with files.
124) 0) text: Bob Linwood is in his barn, mucking it out.  Theresa is a the edge of the property, trying unsuccessfully to get hi attention by yelling and waving her arms.  In her expensi shoes, she's stopped short of the cow patty minefield. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY CLOSE ON A CLIENT FILE as a hand fills in a phone number. WIDEN TO SEE Erin seated with a PARALEGAL, rattling off f and numbers from memory.  She's seized by a COUGHING FIT.
125) 0) text: Theresa still hasn't gotten Linwood's attention.  Finally rather than ruin her shoes, she picks up a stone and toss it at the barn.  It hits the window and BREAKS IT. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ERIN AND BRENDA'S DESKS - DAY Erin's desk is empty: no Erin, no files, nothing.  Ed com out of his office and hands Brenda a STACK OF DOCUMENTS.
126) 0) text: A SECRETARY carries the documents to Potter's office.  On way, she passes THE CONFERENCE ROOM.  Inside, Erin is sti dictating to the PARALEGAL.  She's shivery with fever now The floor around her is littered with tissues.
128) 0) text: Erin is lying in bed, home sick, talking on the phone.  S talking over the noise of TANIA, her 20-something Eastern European nanny, vacuuming the hall.
128) 1) dialog: I know she isn't real warm, but they say she's a real good lawyer ...
129) 2) dialog: Ted, no -- don't do that.  If you don't like Theresa, you don't have to work with her. Me and Ed are still here for you.
129) 5) dialog: Don't be a pain in the ass, okay, Brenda? Just put him on.
129) 7) text: I said, he can't be interrupted. Erin hangs up.  Then, with a groan, she pulls her weary b out of bed. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, RECEPTION - DAY Erin drags herself into the office.
129) 9) dialog: So did I. She heads toward Ed's office, but stops when she sees a meeting in progress in the conference room.  Ed is on the side of the table facing her, flanked by Potter and There On the other side of the table, are FOUR SUITED BACKS.
129) 10) dialog: What's going on in there?
129) 12) dialog: PG&amp; -- Are you sure?
129) 19) dialog: staring at him from the other side of the glass wall, her face cold with hurt and anger.
129) 21) dialog: If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna kick your fucking head off --
129) 23) dialog: People don't fly down in their own god damn plane for "just a meeting" --
129) 25) dialog: Bullshit.  You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you.
129) 27) dialog: Kurt thought?  What about you?  Do you think anymore? He resists being dragged into an knock-down, drag-out fig
129) 29) dialog: And, what, I'm not serious?
129) 31) dialog: "Fun?"  Jesus, "fun?"  I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as "fun?"
129) 33) dialog: Not personal?  That's my work in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time.  If that's not personal, I don't know what is. She starts to COUGH and CRUMBLE, but fights it.
129) 34) dialog: (weakened)
129) 37) dialog: Bullshit.  You stuck me in Siberia dictating to some God damn steno clerk so you could finish this thing without me.  After all I've done for you, that's the thanks I get. By now the entire office is watching.  As are the lawyers the conference room.
129) 39) dialog: Perks?  Jesus -- perks? Erin reaches into her bag, pulls out her cel phone.
129) 40) dialog: If this piece of shit is supposed to take the place of your respect, you can take it and shove it up your ass. She throws it at him and storms away.  The phone hits the glass wall of the conference room, CRACKING it.  Ed just stands there, with the lawyers staring at him through the splintered glass wall. EXT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE PARKING LOT - DAY Erin gets to her car.  As she opens the door, the ALARM SOUNDS.  She fumbles with her keychain, trying to turn it off, but she's too sick and upset to figure it out.  With siren still blaring, she kicks at the car in rage.
130) 0) text: Erin's driving home.  As she turns onto her street, her headlights wash across the sidewalk and illuminate a smal boy, wearing a backpack, walking the other way.
130) 1) dialog: Holy shit -- She looks over her shoulder, but the sidewalk is too dark She pulls a U-turn in the middle of the street.  A CAR HO Erin scans the sidewalk, finally sees him again.  Holy sh is right.  It's Matthew, wandering the streets at night.
130) 2) dialog: Matthew -- She pulls ahead of Matthew and bumps up onto the sidewalk blocking his path.  When he sees her car, he turns and ru the other way.  Erin leaps out and follows him.
130) 3) dialog: Matthew!  MATTHEW! She catches up and collars him.
130) 4) dialog: God damn it, Matthew.  What the hell are you doing out here?
131) 0) text: MUSIC is playing.  TANIA is on the phone.  The receiver i yanked from her hand.  She turns to see Erin hovering ove her, barely containing herself.
131) 1) dialog: If you leave here real fast, I might not kill you.
132) 0) text: Matthew's in his bed, facing the wall.  Erin sitting on t foot of his bed, near tears.  Katie's watching from her b
132) 1) dialog: We'll work out the roller hockey thing, okay?  Whatever you want, we'll work it out. I promise.
132) 3) dialog: I never forget, honey.  I try, real hard. It's just, for some reason, I don't seem to be able to organize things right and -- when it comes to you guys, I end up falling short.
132) 5) dialog: Oh, God, sweetheart, no.  There's nothing on Earth I love more than you.  Nothing. (beat)
133) 0) text: Erin comes out of the bedroom.  As she turns to close the door, she collapses to the floor in a heap.  Out cold.
137) 0) text: Erin's in bed, hooked up to an IV, looking exhausted.  Al untouched food tray is beside her bed.  George is standin across the room from her, arms crossed tight across his chest, keeping his distance.
137) 1) dialog: They said that'd be tomorrow.  They just wanna keep an eye on me another night.
137) 3) dialog: Thank you.
137) 6) dialog: George, hang on. (he pauses)
137) 9) dialog: If you're here to fire me, your timing's lousy.
137) 12) text: You embarrassed me, Erin.
137) 13) dialog: I know.  I'm sorry. (beat)
138) 0) text: Ed has taken off his coat and pulled a chair up next to Erin's bed.  He's eating the pudding off her tray.
138) 1) dialog: Between 50 and 400 million, definitely?
138) 3) dialog: And if you had to guess ...
138) 5) dialog: So why would PG&amp;E offer it?
138) 7) dialog: Wait, what do you mean, ten years?
138) 9) dialog: (confused)
138) 12) dialog: Fuck legal terms.  We're talking about human beings here.  Sick people.  A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years.  They need their money now! (beat)
138) 15) dialog: When?  Where?
138) 17) dialog: Okay, good.  I think I should be the one to tell 'em, cause they trust me more than --
138) 19) dialog: The fuck I'm not.  I don't care what the doctor says --
138) 21) dialog: Why not?
138) 23) dialog: Fuck Kurt.
138) 25) dialog: No, I'm serious.  You know what Kurt Potter is?  He's the kind of guy who never would have taken this case in the first place. He's the kind of guy who would have sold these plaintiffs down the river when PG&amp;E offered 20 million.  He doesn't work like us, Ed.  There's no little voice in his head telling him to do the right thing. But his mind's made up.  He stands to leave.
140) 0) text: Katie and Matt are watching TV.  Beth is playing near the Behind them, Erin is lying on the couch, under a blanket, distractedly trying to watch TV.  She checks her watch.
142) 0) text: Erin's sitting up now, jiggling her knee, unable to sit still.  She checks her watch again.  6:30.  She can't tak it.  She throws off the blanket and gets up.
142) 1) dialog: Come on, kids, we're going for a ride.
144) 0) text: It's sweltering.  The room, packed with plaintiffs, hums horse flies and tension.  People are fanning themselves w the release forms.  Potter's addressing them from a raise platform.  Ed, Theresa, and Andrew are seated behind him.
145) 0) text: One more car pulls into the lot.  It's Erin's Chevy.
146) 0) text: Erin unbuckles her seat belt.
146) 1) dialog: Stay in the car, babies, I won't be long.
147) 0) text: Erin gets out of the car, looks around, then goes over to window and looks in at the packed meeting.
148) 0) text: Now, in addition to the stifling heat, the large room is thick with mistrust.  People are shifting in their seats, whispering to each other.
149) 0) text: Erin watches the meeting fall apart.  It's driving her cr
149) 1) dialog: Fucking idiot --
152) 0) text: Everyone has left.  Erin enters and looks around.  The fl is littered with rejected, unsigned release forms. She thinks for a moment, then gets an idea.  She picks up release form, and leaves the firehouse.
153) 0) text: Everything's closed, except the KINKO'S store at the far Erin's truck pulls into the parking lot.
154) 0) text: A BORED EMPLOYEE is at the register, painting with Wite-O on a blue piece of paper.  Erin enters, dragging her kids
154) 1) dialog: Can I have one of those counter thingies, please? The Employee gives it to her.  Erin crosses to the copier She slips the release form into one, then taps in the num of copies: 635.  Presses "START."  The machine WHIRS to l
155) 0) text: Erin's Chevy pulls into the parking lot.
156) 0) text: Erin is entering the crappy motel room with her kids.
156) 1) dialog: We got no choice.  I'm not gonna make it home tonight.  Now go wash up and climb into bed. As the kids wander toward the bathroom, Erin picks up the phone and dials.  RING, RING.
156) 3) dialog: Hi.  It's me. (silence)
156) 6) dialog: It's not for me; it's for my kids.  You're the only one I trust them with.
157) 0) text: Very early.  Erin is visible in the motel office, talking the clerk, when George's motorcycle pulls into the lot. turns around and sees him pulling up next to her Chevy.
158) 0) text: Erin comes up to him, hands him a key.
158) 1) dialog: I got you your own room. He takes it, glances toward the motel room.
158) 3) dialog: Hunh-uh.  Not yet. (awkward beat)
158) 6) dialog: I don't know.  Few days. (beat)
158) 8) dialog: And I miss you.
158) 10) dialog: I treated you real bad, George.  I know that.  But, my problem was -- I never been with anyone who deserved better than that. You're the first nice guy who ever liked me. George softens, shifts.  He steps toward the truck and ge closes her door, so he's standing close to her.
158) 11) dialog: I just ... didn't know how to handle it. That's all. He thinks about this.  Finally:
158) 13) dialog: (with a smile)
158) 16) dialog: Yeah, but I'm gonna get better.  A lot of these folks aren't. He nods, understanding.  Then he taps the side of her tru and turns toward the motel room.  She puts the truck in g and pulls out.
159) 0) text: Erin's Chevy is bombing down the road.
161) 0) text: Donna's gardening out front, her head wrapped in a scarf cover her chemo-thinning hair, when Erin's Chevy pulls in the driveway.  Erin gets out, goes to the back of the tru gets two of the release forms, then heads over to Donna.
162) 0) text: Erin is sitting with Pete and Donna.
162) 3) dialog: I understand all that. And I don't wanna force you into anything.  If you don't want to sign, that's fine.  But why don't we talk it over a little, cause I'd sure hate for you to turn this down for the wrong reasons.
163) 0) text: The door opens.  Erin emerges, holding two signed agreeme Donna is letting her out.
163) 1) dialog: You wouldn't happen to have a little time right now, would you, Donna?
163) 3) dialog: Well, I was gonna head over to the Browns now.  I was thinking -- Mandy really values your opinion ...
164) 0) text: Erin, Donna, Mandy, and Tom are seated on the sofas.  Man signs an agreement.  Hands the pen to Tom, who also signs
165) 0) text: From outside, we see Erin at the kitchen table with Donna Bob and Ruth Linwood, who are listening intently.
166) 0) text: Erin and Donna are leaving, saying good-bye to Mary DeSot Erin has a signed release form in her hand.
169) 0) text: The signed stack has grown; the unsigned stack has shrunk Erin drops five more agreements into the "signed" box.
170) 0) text: In the wee hours.  While her kids sleep, Erin sits at the cheap motel room table, going through her forms, organizi alphabetizing.
171) 0) text: CLOSE ON ERIN, fast asleep at the table, her face pressed against the linoleum.  There's some NOISE in the room, WHISPERING.  Erin stirs and looks around to see George be her, diapering Beth, while Matt and Katie put their shoes
171) 1) dialog: What time is it?
171) 3) dialog: No, I need my car --
171) 6) dialog: Oh, baby, please don't play with that, okay? I got 'em all organized.  Just put it back. But he's reading it.  And something has caught his attent He looks up at Erin.
171) 8) dialog: That's right, sweetheart. She replaces the form on top of the stack.
171) 10) dialog: Yeah.  She is. (beat)
171) 13) dialog: Cause her own mom's real sick, too. Matthew thinks real hard about this, then heads over to t door, where George, Beth, and Katie are waiting for him. Before he leaves, though, he turns back to Erin.
171) 15) dialog: Eggs'd be great, baby.  Eggs'd be perfect.
172) 0) text: Erin's driving along a dusty Hinkley road, eating cold eg out of a take-out container with her fingers.
173) 0) text: Morning.  A GROUP OF MEN are arriving at work.  Erin's tr pulls up.  She grabs some release forms from the truck an wanders up to the men.
173) 1) dialog: Hey, y'all.  How you all doing today?
175) 0) text: Morning drop-off time.  Erin is handing out release forms a GROUP of MOTHERS who just dropped off their kids.
176) 0) text: Erin is leaning on the hood of her truck, going down her of plaintiffs, checking off the ones who have already sig
177) 0) text: Another day.  Erin has set up shop here and is at a table with about FIVE PLAINTIFFS, all reading agreements.  MIKE AMBROSINO enters.  Erin spots him.
177) 1) dialog: Mike!  I been looking all over for you. Come here, I wanna talk to you.
181) 0) text: CLOSE ON ERIN'S TRUNK.  A bunch more forms get thrown ont the signed stack, which is now much higher than the unsig
181) 1) dialog: I'm gonna head out to Barstow and talk to some folks out there tonight. WIDEN TO REVEAL Erin talking on a nearby pay phone.
181) 3) dialog: I will.  Bye. She hangs up.  As she turns to get into her car, she find herself face-to-face with the Man in the Dark Glasses.
181) 4) dialog: Jesus! He's just standing there, a foot away, blocking her exit. She recognizes his truck as the one that chased her.
181) 5) dialog: Okay, what're you gonna do?  You gonna kill me?  Dump my body in a ditch somewhere?  Or maybe you just wanna inject me with some poison too -- why change tactics at this stage of the game? (beat)
181) 8) dialog: Well ... I guess that depends on what the documents were. (she takes a beat)
182) 0) text: Erin and Embry are the only patrons.  Erin's eating a bur Embry has a beer.  He's talking quietly, not looking at h
182) 2) dialog: Did he say why?
182) 4) dialog: Did you get a look at the stuff you destroyed?
182) 6) dialog: And ...?
182) 8) text: But then there were a few memos about the holding ponds.  The water in them.  They had readings from test wells, stuff like that. Erin tries to hide her excitement at this information.
182) 9) dialog: And you were told to destroy those?
182) 12) dialog: What do you mean?
182) 14) text: That I kept instead. Erin stops, mid-bite.
183) 0) text: He's dug out an inch-high stack of documents.  Erin looks them over, stunned.  Embry is standing apart from her, ha shoved deep in his pockets.
183) 1) dialog: How come you didn't say anything when you found these things?
183) 4) text: Maybe that's why they picked me for the job. Maybe they knew what kind of man I was. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, RECEPTION AREA - DAY Rosalind is at the desk.  Anna, Brenda, and Jane are help themselves to coffee.  Erin enters, with a big box in her arms and a whole lot of attitude.
183) 5) dialog: Hey, Ros, where are they?
183) 7) dialog: Morning!
183) 9) dialog: (ignoring Ed)
183) 11) dialog: 635.  They all signed.  Every single one. IN THE DOORWAY, Anna, Brenda and Jane appear, wondering what's up.  A huge smile of appreciation slowly spreads across Ed's face.
183) 13) dialog: Oh, now don't get all jealous, Ed.  I got a little something for you, too. Erin hands Ed a manila envelope.  He opens it.
183) 14) dialog: Internal PG&amp;E documents, all about the contamination.  The one I like best says, and I'm paraphrasing here, but it says yes, the water's poisonous, but it'd be better for all involved if this matter wasn't discussed with the neighbors.  It's to the Hinkley station, from PG&amp;E Headquarters. Stamped received, March, 1966. Potter and Theresa reel.  Ed shakes his head in disbelief
183) 16) dialog: Well, what with me not having any brains or legal expertise, I just went on up there and performed sexual favors.  635 blow jobs in five days.  Whew, am I ever tired. And she struts out of the room, leaving everyone slack-ja The CLIP CLIP CLIP of her heels carry her away. EXT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY Erin comes out of the office, flushed with success, and h down the hall.  She presses the elevator button.  The doo open.  As she steps on, Ed comes out of the office.
183) 19) dialog: Say you were wrong.
183) 21) dialog: Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself.
183) 23) dialog: Say you'd be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I didn't up and quit over all this.
183) 26) dialog: How do you know that?
184) 0) text: One of those days when the bay sparkles like a glitter ba Erin's Chevy moves up the PCH.  DISCO music emanates from
185) 0) text: Erin's at the wheel.  Time has passed -- her hair's a lit different.  She's singing along with "Funky Town."
186) 0) text: Erin gets out of her new truck, looks, sees the Irvings i little cluster.  Donna's under an umbrella.  Pete is slathering on sunscreen.  The two girls zip out toward th water.  Erin waves.  Pete and Donna spot her, wave back.
187) 0) text: Donna is standing at the edge of the water, watching her girls boogie board in.  Erin comes up behind her.
187) 1) dialog: How you feeling today? Donna turns, sees her.  Smiles.
187) 3) dialog: Well, then -- if you're feeling up to it, maybe we should talk shop. Erin sits down on a rock.
187) 4) dialog: The judge came up with a number.
187) 6) dialog: Both. Donna sits down next to her.
187) 7) dialog: He's making them pay the maximum. Tears of vindication spring to Donna's eyes.
187) 9) dialog: And he's making them give five million of it to you all.
187) 11) dialog: Five million dollars. She reels.  After a breathless beat:
187) 13) dialog: It's enough -- for whatever you need, for whatever your girls need, for whatever your girls' girls need -- it'll be enough. Donna wipes the tears off her face, then watches the ligh flickering off her girls playing in the surf.
187) 15) dialog: Any school you want.
187) 17) dialog: Yup.
187) 21) dialog: Hey, Ros.  Nice view, huh?
187) 24) text: Does anyone know anything about these phones? Erin heads on down a hall to:
188) 0) text: A beautiful corner office.  Ed is unpacking when Erin ent
188) 1) dialog: Careful you don't spit from here; you could kill someone.
188) 3) dialog: Yeah.  Yours is nicer.
188) 5) dialog: Here what comes?
188) 7) dialog: I wasn't gonna --
188) 9) dialog: Ed, I swear, I'm not --
188) 11) dialog: What is that?
188) 13) dialog: Two million dollars?