7) 0) text: Just as dull inside.  Salvation Army furniture.  A lot of beige.  Erin's two older kids, MATTHEW (7) and KATIE (5) at the table.  Beth is in a baby seat.  Erin spoons some &amp; Cheese onto their plates, trying to hide her worry.
7) 2) dialog: I like the crust. Erin switches the plates.
7) 4) dialog: How come you're not eating? Cause there isn't enough food.
9) 0) text: Matt and Katie are messing around with a gumball machine.
13) 0) text: Erin is at the door, taking Beth from the BABYSITTER, a shabby, unkempt-looking woman in her 40's.  Katie and Mat pull on their backpacks and troop out of the sitter's hou
14) 0) text: Erin is leaving the store, carrying Beth in one arm and a of groceries in the other.  Katie and Matt are each carry a bag of groceries as well.  They are all singing and mov with the jaunty step of the newly carefree.  Katie spots flower display outside the store.
14) 1) dialog: Mommy, can I get a flower?
15) 0) text: A small room with Salvation Army furniture.  A BUNCH OF DAISIES is propped in a Ragu jar on Katie's bedside table Matt and Katie are asleep in bed.  Erin looks down at the smiles, then kisses them good-night.
18) 0) text: Katie and Matt are running up to the house.  Erin follows toting Beth under one arm and the box of documents under other.  She steps on another water bug.
19) 0) text: George is on the floor with Matt and Katie, playing War. Katie points to the Harley emblem on his leather jacket.
19) 1) dialog: What's that stand for?
19) 5) dialog: Night. ... and head into bed.  George starts cleaning up the car
45) 0) text: George is watching a football game on TV.  He's just put dinners on the floor in front of the Matt and Katie. 
45) 3) dialog: No, it's not! 
56) 0) text: Erin's driving.  Matthew's in the front seat.  Katie and (in a car seat) are in the back.
56) 3) dialog: I hate it too.  I hate this trip.
56) 5) dialog: I'm gonna hate it.
56) 9) text: Katie smiles a little.  She likes this side of her mom.
56) 11) dialog: Yeah.  A real moron.
59) 0) text: Erin is at the Xerox machine, copying a file while she tr to calm Beth.  There's a stack of files on the nearby tab Matthew and Katie are flopping around on the floor.
64) 0) text: Matt and Katie are in bed, with the light off.  Erin come in, quietly, in clothes from work.
64) 4) dialog: It happens all the time.
77) 0) text: He peers around and spots her, sitting in the little kid' chair in Matthew and Katie's room. Erin is holding Beth, watching Matt and Katie sleep.  Eri hears the floor creak as George steps into the doorway.
88) 0) text: Matt and Katie are asleep.  Erin is checking their window George comes in.  They whisper.
92) 5) text: Take her, will you? George drops the pamphlet and takes Beth from Erin.  He h over to Matt and Katie, sitting glumly on a log. As he steps away, a hand reaches down and grabs the flier dropped.  It belongs to a MAN IN A BLACK JACKET.  He's in 50's, strong and sinewy.  Military-style dark glasses obs his eyes.  He scans the pamphlet, then watches Erin worki the crowd.  Watches her carefully.  He slides the pamphle into his inside pocket, and heads back his car -- the DIR OLD PICK-UP TRUCK that idled in front of the Water Board. LATER STILL ... Erin is heading over to George and the kids, ready to lea when Donna comes up to her, with A MIDDLE-AGED MAN in tow
115) 0) text: Katie and Matt are making a mess of breakfast.  Beth is o the floor, grinding cereal into the linoleum.
115) 3) dialog: I don't know.
132) 0) text: Matthew's in his bed, facing the wall.  Erin sitting on t foot of his bed, near tears.  Katie's watching from her b
134) 0) text: A busy Southland ER.  George bursts through the doors wit Katie, Matthew and Beth in tow.  He goes up to the desk.
136) 0) text: Matt and Katie sit on the cheap plastic chairs outside th room.  Katie is holding Beth, who's sleeping.
140) 0) text: Katie and Matt are watching TV.  Beth is playing near the Behind them, Erin is lying on the couch, under a blanket, distractedly trying to watch TV.  She checks her watch.
171) 0) text: CLOSE ON ERIN, fast asleep at the table, her face pressed against the linoleum.  There's some NOISE in the room, WHISPERING.  Erin stirs and looks around to see George be her, diapering Beth, while Matt and Katie put their shoes