0) 0) text: Palms sway ... the sun washes everything in yellow ... ca motor down either side of the landscaped median ... the c of mockingbirds mingle with the BLIP BLIP of car alarms. ON THE SIDEWALK, a SKATEBOARD CA-LUNKS down the sidewalk, past the foot traffic of Southern Californians: flip-flop Doc Marten's, Rollerblades, Nikes ... then, in the middle this pedestrian normalcy, a pair of IMPOSSIBLY HIGH SPIKE HEELED PUMPS struts out of a shop.  So high it hurts to l at them.  As the shoes leave frame, we TILT UP and see they're leaving a 99-cent store. As the Pumps turn and head up the street, we see they are connected to a pair of IMPOSSIBLY LONG, SHAPELY LEGS. Eveready legs -- they just keep going and going. They saunter past two BUSINESSMEN on a lunch break.  The pause and glance as men tend to when they see a beautiful woman.  In fact, everyone this woman passes lets their ey rest on her a microsecond longer than usual. - Two SKATEBOARDERS note the STRETCHY MICRO-MINI skimming tops of her thighs. - A MAILMAN spots the BIG, DARK SUNGLASSES tucked into a MOUNTAIN OF BIG, BLOND HAIR. - A PRE-TEEN GIRL glimpses the PLUNGING NECKLINE of the TIGHT, BRIGHT RED MIDRIFF-BARING BUSTIER. It isn't until she rounds the corner at the end of the bl that we see her entire figure and appreciate why everyone so goggle-eyed.  Eye-catching is an understatement.  All those folks who say Barbie's proportions are unrealistic obviously never met ERIN BROCKOVICH.
8) 0) text: The shower and sink are both on full, filling the room wi STEAM.  Erin is seated with COUGHING, CRYING Beth on her trying to steam the illness out of her.
25) 0) text: Erin is at the reference desk, eating a candy bar while s talks to the LIBRARIAN.  He checks something on the compu A couple of WHITE-COATED MEDICAL STUDENTS pass her, doubl taking.  They don't see many like her around here.
30) 0) text: This is a dry, desolate part of California.  No downtown, community.  Just tract after tract of arid farmland, with small, bland, unprotected ranch home cropping up out of t landscape like occasional tombstones. A beat-up old sign on the road reads: "HINKLEY, CA.  POP: but the  corner where the number would be has broken off. As a gust of wind lifts dust from the fields, Erin turns Community Boulevard, the main road that cuts through Hink
62) 15) text: Look at these readings for Christ's sake. PG&amp;E's own technicians documented toxic levels of hexavalent chromium in those test wells, on numerous occasions. Ed shoves them across the table.  Baum doesn't look at th
63) 1) text: CLOSE ON photos of chickens, each with a twisted, limp ne
65) 0) text: The room is dark.  Erin enters and flops down onto the be exhausted.  George is lying on the bed next to her.
70) 0) text: Donna and Pete Irving, and Mandy and Roy Brown are all seated, sipping iced tea.  While they talk, Erin hands th all information packets on chromium.  Ed is standing in f of them, a little stiff.
75) 0) text: Erin is talking to TED AND RITA DANIELS.  Their daughter ANNABELLE, 10, is sitting on the couch, wrapped in a blan
91) 0) text: A pile of documents is strapped into the passenger seat. empty coffee cup rolls around the floor.  Erin's driving, exhausted.  She yawns as she dials her phone.
103) 13) text: Tell them to wait in the conference room. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Sanchez, Webster, Buda, and Cooper are seated. The door opens and Ed enters, legal pad under his arm. Followed by Erin, legal pad under her arm.  Followed by A (looking professional in Brenda's suit coat), legal pad u her arm.  Followed by Mario (in a suit produced from who knows where), legal pad under his arm.  If you didn't kno better, you'd assume it was a team of lawyers as well.
120) 0) text: Erin is standing at the sink, visibly exhausted, trying t the dinner dishes with one arm and comfort Beth, who's CRYING, with the other.  Matthew comes in.
124) 0) text: Bob Linwood is in his barn, mucking it out.  Theresa is a the edge of the property, trying unsuccessfully to get hi attention by yelling and waving her arms.  In her expensi shoes, she's stopped short of the cow patty minefield. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY CLOSE ON A CLIENT FILE as a hand fills in a phone number. WIDEN TO SEE Erin seated with a PARALEGAL, rattling off f and numbers from memory.  She's seized by a COUGHING FIT.
127) 0) text: Theresa is talking to Rita and Ted Daniels.  Annabelle is curled up on the sofa, wrapped up in a blanket.  Rita and notice that Theresa doesn't even look at Annabelle.
129) 0) text: Ted Daniels is on the phone.  Rita is next to him.
129) 1) dialog: That may be.  But I don't want her coming to the house again.  She's kinda stuck-up, and she upsets Annabelle.  Now, I hate to say this, but when she left today, Rita asked if we should get a new lawyer.
129) 3) dialog: I called Ed two days ago, Erin, and he still hasn't called me back. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, BRENDA'S DESK - DAY The phone rings.  Brenda picks up.
129) 7) text: I said, he can't be interrupted. Erin hangs up.  Then, with a groan, she pulls her weary b out of bed. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, RECEPTION - DAY Erin drags herself into the office.
137) 0) text: Erin's in bed, hooked up to an IV, looking exhausted.  Al untouched food tray is beside her bed.  George is standin across the room from her, arms crossed tight across his chest, keeping his distance.
137) 7) text: Look ... I'm sorry.  I just -- There's a KNOCK at the door, and Ed enters.  George looks him.  Not interested in her apologies.
137) 11) text: I wanted to.  But then you got sick, and that woulda made me look like a shit. (serious)
140) 0) text: Katie and Matt are watching TV.  Beth is playing near the Behind them, Erin is lying on the couch, under a blanket, distractedly trying to watch TV.  She checks her watch.
144) 0) text: It's sweltering.  The room, packed with plaintiffs, hums horse flies and tension.  People are fanning themselves w the release forms.  Potter's addressing them from a raise platform.  Ed, Theresa, and Andrew are seated behind him.
150) 2) dialog: Mr. Potter, if you knew me from Adam, you'd know that being pleased isn't an option for me anymore.  Now don't take this personally, sir, but I've never seen you before in my life.  I'm not about to put my faith in anything just cause you tell me to. He drops his agreement form, unsigned, then takes Rita's and heads for the door.
152) 0) text: Everyone has left.  Erin enters and looks around.  The fl is littered with rejected, unsigned release forms. She thinks for a moment, then gets an idea.  She picks up release form, and leaves the firehouse.
164) 0) text: Erin, Donna, Mandy, and Tom are seated on the sofas.  Man signs an agreement.  Hands the pen to Tom, who also signs