122) 8) dialog: Ed.  Good to see you again.
122) 10) dialog: Kurt, Ed Masry's here.  And this is Erin Brockovich, Ed's assistant.  Erin, this is Kurt Potter.
122) 12) text: Well.  Now I know what you meant when you called her your secret weapon. Erin gives Ed another look.  What the fuck?  Ed gives her firm look back.  Behave. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Potter, Ed, Erin, Theresa and few  PARALEGALS are sitting around the table.  As the conversation ping-pongs between and Potter, Potter completely ignores Erin.
122) 27) dialog: You know what?  Why don't I take Erin down the hall, so we can start in on this stuff? Erin notices all her files in stacks against the wall.
122) 29) dialog: Yeah, we had them couriered over.  And listen, good work.  They're a great start. We're just going to have to spend a little time filling in the holes in your research. Okay, these people are starting to piss her off.
122) 31) dialog: No offense.  There are just some things we need that you probably didn't know to ask.
122) 33) dialog: Erin.  You don't even have phone numbers for some of them.
122) 35) dialog: Everyone's.  This is a lawsuit.  We need to be able to contact the plaintiffs.
122) 37) dialog: You don't know six hundreds plaintiffs' numbers by heart. Erin just stares at her.  Theresa sighs, reluctantly glan down at a file.
122) 38) dialog: Annabelle Daniels.
122) 41) dialog: Okay, look -- I think we got off on the wrong foot here --
124) 0) text: Bob Linwood is in his barn, mucking it out.  Theresa is a the edge of the property, trying unsuccessfully to get hi attention by yelling and waving her arms.  In her expensi shoes, she's stopped short of the cow patty minefield. INT. POTTER, HUGHES &amp; ROSEWOOD, CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY CLOSE ON A CLIENT FILE as a hand fills in a phone number. WIDEN TO SEE Erin seated with a PARALEGAL, rattling off f and numbers from memory.  She's seized by a COUGHING FIT.
125) 0) text: Theresa still hasn't gotten Linwood's attention.  Finally rather than ruin her shoes, she picks up a stone and toss it at the barn.  It hits the window and BREAKS IT. INT. MASRY &amp; VITITOE, ERIN AND BRENDA'S DESKS - DAY Erin's desk is empty: no Erin, no files, nothing.  Ed com out of his office and hands Brenda a STACK OF DOCUMENTS.
127) 0) text: Theresa is talking to Rita and Ted Daniels.  Annabelle is curled up on the sofa, wrapped up in a blanket.  Rita and notice that Theresa doesn't even look at Annabelle.
139) 0) text: The parking lot is empty, except for three Mercedes.  Ed, Potter, and Theresa are in the doorway, going over their notes.  A TRUCK pulls into the lot.
144) 0) text: It's sweltering.  The room, packed with plaintiffs, hums horse flies and tension.  People are fanning themselves w the release forms.  Potter's addressing them from a raise platform.  Ed, Theresa, and Andrew are seated behind him.