6) 1) text: The offices are ancient and a bit on the rickety side. Th is a counter with a grill, something like a bank. Before door marked: "PETER BAILEY, PRIVATE", George's Uncle Billy stands,  obviously trying to hear what is going on inside. He is a very good-humored man of about fifty, in shirt-sleeves. W him at the door, also listening, are Cousin Tilly Bailey, waspish-looking woman, who is the telephone operator, and Cousin Eustace Bailey, the clerk.  The office vibrates wi an aura of crisis as George enters and proceeds directly  toward his father's office.
14) 0) text: PAN SHOT as George crosses the street, Uncle Billy, cousi Tilly and Cousin Eustace are leaning out of the second fl window of the Building and Loan offices.
14) 2) dialog: Parlez-vous francais? Hey, send us  some of them picture postcards, will  you, George?
23) 3) dialog: What happened? We heard a lot of  yelling.
23) 17) text: Cousin Eustace, Cousin Tilly and Uncle Billy cheer wildly Dr. Campbell and George shake hands.
27) 1) text: Cousin Eustace is taking a photograph of the family group assembled on the porch. Flash bulbs go off, and the group breaks up. The crowd enters the front door of the house,  leaving George and Uncle Billy on the porch.
42) 3) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK, and we hear the SOUND of the Wedding M People are crowded into the rooms: family, friends, neigh There is a din of conversation. Mary and George appear at the top of the stairs in traveling clothes, with Mrs. Hat red-eyed, behind them. Mary throws her bouquet, which is  caught by Violet Bick. As they come out onto the porch, w see that it is raining.  Nevertheless, Cousin Eustace has his camera equipment set up and is taking pictures of the group. George and Mary dodge through the rain and a showe of rice and get into Ernie's taxicab, which pulls away fr the curb.
58) 1) text: George, Uncle Billy and Cousin Tilly are behind the count watching the minute hand of a clock on the wall as George counts off the seconds. Cousin Eustace is ready to close door.
58) 4) text: Cousin Eustace slams and locks the door, and scurries aro the counter to join the others.
58) 16) dialog: (handing out cigars) Wedding cigars!
101) 1) text: The offices are unchanged, still small-time and old-fashi The same office force, albeit a few years older: Cousin T and Cousin Eustace. Seated on a chair is a middle-aged ma with a brief case. The outer door opens and George enters
101) 3) text: Cousin Tilly and Cousin Eustace are talking on the phone.
101) 4) dialog: George! George! It's Harry now on  long distance from Washington!
101) 6) dialog: He reversed the charges. It's okay,  isn't it?
101) 9) dialog: What did they have to eat?
101) 11) dialog: In a plane?
101) 15) text: Cousin Eustace has turned away from George and caught a  glimpse of the man waiting in the chair. This is Carter, bank examiner, come for his annual audit of the books of Building and Loan.
101) 17) dialog: (interrupting) George...
101) 19) dialog: (interrupting) ...George, that man's here again.
101) 21) dialog: (nervously) Bank... bank examiner.
107) 11) dialog: Hey, here's Harry on the phone.
107) 13) dialog: (on phone) Here he is.
107) 16) text: He hangs up agitatedly, muttering to himself as he goes i his own office. Cousin Tilly and Cousin Eustace look afte him, dumbfounded.
109) 1) text: As George and Violet come through the door, they are bein watched by Cousin Tilly, Cousin Eustace and the bank exam who is still waiting to go to work on the books.
111) 1) text: Cousin Tilly is at her switchboard, and Cousin Eustace  standing beside her. Carter is still waiting in the doorw to his office.  Suddenly the door opens and George comes  striding out. He goes directly to the safe and starts  searching, but doesn't find the money. Then he goes to th cash drawer in the counter, and looks through it.
111) 5) text: Cousin Eustace runs over to George.
111) 7) dialog: He had it on his desk counting it  before he closed up.