2) 21) text: Violet Bick enters the drugstore and sits on one of the s at the fountain. She is the same height as Mary and the s age, but she is infinitely older in her approach to peopl
13) 1) text: The place is practically the same except that it is now f of school kids having sodas, etc. A juke box and many lit tables have been added. It has become the hangout of the  local small fry.  There are now three kids jerking sodas. Gower is a different man now В– sober, shaven and good-hu He is behind the counter when George comes in. Gower's fa lights up when he sees George.
17) 5) text: Sam Wainwright comes in behind Harry, waggles his hands a his ears as he talks.
17) 6) dialog: Here comes George. Hello, hee-haw!
17) 8) text: Including Sam and Marty Hatch. Sam is assured and breezy, wearing very collegiate clothes.
17) 10) dialog: Oh, this afternoon. I thought I'd  give the kids a treat.
17) 12) dialog: Yeah В– old Joe College Wainwright,  they call me. Well, freshman, looks  like you're going to make it after  all.
17) 14) text: Sam sees Harry and leaves George in the middle of a gestu
17) 15) dialog: (to Harry) Harry! You're the guy I want to see.  Coach has heard all about you.
17) 17) dialog: Yeah. He's followed every game and  his mouth's watering. He wants me to  find out if you're going to come  along with us.
17) 19) dialog: Well, you better make it fast. We  need great ends like you В– not broken  down old guys like this one.
17) 20) text: George and Sam wiggle their fingers at their ears, saluti each other.
17) 22) dialog: Hee-haw!
17) 38) dialog: "Momma wants you, Marty." "Momma  wants you, Marty." Remember?
17) 42) dialog: Aw, go on.
24) 0) text: The same stars we saw in the opening sequence are once mo twinkling as we hear the voices form Heaven
26) 1) text: The train comes to a stop, and Harry is among the first t get off, followed by an attractive girl about the same ag as he is.  George rushes into the shot, and as the brothe embrace:
38) 12) dialog: You mean old moss-back George?
39) 1) text: Sam is seated at his desk, while a couple of his friends nearby, with highballs in their hands.
39) 2) dialog: (into phone) Well, George Baileyoffski! Hey, a  fine pal you are. What're you trying  to do? Steal my girl?
69) 1) text: Sam Wainwright is standing in front of his big black town car. Sam is the epitome of successful, up-and-coming  businessman. His wife, in the car, is a very attractive,  sophisticated-looking lady, dripping with furs and jewels Sam is watching George across the street.
69) 2) dialog: That old George... he's always making  a speech. (to George) Hee-haw! (wiggles his hands)
72) 1) text: George and Mary are talking to Sam Wainwright in front of the latter's car. Hs wife, Jane, is now out of the car.
72) 2) dialog: We just stopped in town to take a  look at the new factory, and then  we're going to drive on down to  Florida.
72) 5) dialog: Why, sure. Hey, why don't you kids  drive down with us, huh?
72) 7) dialog: Still got the nose to the old  grindstone, eh? Jane, I offered to  let George in on the ground floor in  plastics, and he turned me down cold.
72) 9) dialog: I'm not rubbing it in. Well, I guess  we better run along.
72) 10) text: There is handshaking all around as Sam and Jane get into  their car.
72) 15) dialog: So long, George. See you in the funny  papers.
72) 19) dialog: (to chauffeur) To Florida! (to George) Hee-haw!
83) 1) text: Sam Wainwright showing set of blueprints to two Army offi
101) 1) text: The offices are unchanged, still small-time and old-fashi The same office force, albeit a few years older: Cousin T and Cousin Eustace. Seated on a chair is a middle-aged ma with a brief case. The outer door opens and George enters
122) 1) text: The SOUND of Janie at the piano can be heard, the same  monotonous rhythm over and over. Zuzu (aged six) is sitti up in her bed, the lamp burning beside her. She is holdin her prize flower.  George tiptoes in. Then, as he sees sh awake, he comes over, sitting on the edge of her bed.
137) 1) text: This is the same empty street where George's car swerved  into the tree near the sidewalk. George and Clarence come into shot and up to the spot where George had left his ca smashed against the tree. George looks around, but his ca is nowhere to be seen, and the tree is undamaged.
138) 1) text: It is Martini's place, but almost unrecognizable. The che Italian feeling is gone. It is now more of a hard-drinkin joint, a honky-tonk. Same bar, tables have no covers. Peo are lower down and tougher. Nick the bartender is behind bar. George and Clarence come in. George does not notice difference, but Clarence is all eyes and beaming. They go to the bar.
154) 1) text: Small tables, booths, perhaps a counter. It is crowded. M of the people are the same who were present during the ru on the Building and Loan. Mary comes running in, screamin The place goes into an uproar. George comes in, practical insane. Some of the men grab and hold on to him.
156) 1) text: The same part of the bridge where George was standing bef Clarence jumped in. The wind is blowing as it has all thr this sequence. George comes running into shot. He is  frantically looking for Clarence.