1) 0) text: Group of boys. They are preparing to slide down the hill large shovels. One of them makes the slide and shoots out onto the ice of a frozen river at the bottom of the hill.
1) 7) text: George Bailey at bottom of slide.
20) 62) text: Headlights flash into the scene, and the old Bailey autom drives in, with Harry at the wheel, and Uncle Billy besid him.
34) 4) text: Mary looks in a mirror at the bottom of the stairs and fi her hair. She is plainly excited at George's visit. She r into the parlor and puts a sketch on an easel.
57) 11) dialog: I got two hundred and forty-two  dollars in here, and two hundred and  forty-two dollars isn't going to  break anybody.
57) 14) dialog: Sixty days?
57) 16) text: There is a commotion at the outer doors. A man (Randall)  comes in and makes his way up to Tom.
57) 18) dialog: No.
57) 22) dialog: (to George) Well, what do you say?
57) 24) dialog: (turning to Randall) Okay, Randall.
57) 27) dialog: Better to get half than nothing.
57) 41) dialog: (doggedly) Two hundred and forty-two dollars!
57) 43) dialog: I'll take two hundred and forty-two  dollars.
57) 44) text: George starts rapidly to count out the money. Tom throws passbook on the counter.
57) 46) dialog: That'll close my account.
57) 48) text: Mary turns and slips out through the crowd, followed by E George hands the two hundred and forty-two dollars to Tom and speaks to Ed, the next in line.
60) 1) text: An old-fashioned, run-down house, unpainted and warped by the weather. It once had class but has not been lived in years.  This is the house that George and Mary will live from now on.  The rain is pouring down. A faint glow of l shines out from bottom windows. George hurries into scene He stops to make sure it is the right number before going the steps.
69) 1) text: Sam Wainwright is standing in front of his big black town car. Sam is the epitome of successful, up-and-coming  businessman. His wife, in the car, is a very attractive,  sophisticated-looking lady, dripping with furs and jewels Sam is watching George across the street.
116) 1) text: Janie (aged eight) is seated at the piano playing "Hark, Herald Angels Sing," which she practices during the remai of this scene. There is a Christmas tree all decorated ne the fireplace. At a large table Mary is busy putting  cellophane bows and decorations on gift packages. At a sm table Pete (aged nine) is seated with pad and pencil in t throes of composition.  On the floor Tommy (aged three) i playing with a toy vacuum cleaner. We hear the SOUND of a door open and close. Mary turns and sees George enter the hall, a slight powdering of snow on his head and shoulder
118) 1) text: George slumps into an armchair and lifts Tommy onto his l Mary is helping Pete decorate the Christmas tree.
118) 3) text: During this scene, George has been sitting in the chair,  hugging Tommy to him, and crying quietly. Mary realizes t something is seriously wrong, and breaks off. Janie is  thumping away at the piano.
118) 12) text: They exit with Tommy hanging onto George's coat-tails, an pulling at him. CAMERA PANS WITH them.
120) 5) text: Tommy leaves, and Mary turns to the stove.
123) 1) text: Janie is still pounding with grim determination at the pi Pete is seated at the table writing. Tommy is playing wit his toy vacuum cleaner. The telephone rings.
124) 30) text: He yells at Tommy, noisily playing with his vacuum cleane
129) 1) text: The place is an Italian restaurant with bar. The bottles  sparkle.  There are Christmas greens and holly decorating the place. It has a warm, welcoming spirit, like Martini  himself, who is welcoming new arrivals. The booths and th checkered-cloth-covered tables are full. There is an air festivity and friendliness, and more like a party than a  public drinking place. George is seated at the bar В– he had a great deal to drink, far more than he's accustomed
136) 3) text: The tollkeeper, about to spit, is stopped in the middle o it by this remark. Clarence, secretly trying to get Georg attention, now picks up a copy of "Tom Sawyer" which is  hanging on the line, drying. He shakes the book.
151) 1) text: George stands a moment, stunned. Then he turns and runs o to the sidewalk, until his face fills the screen. His fea are distorted by the emotional chaos within him. We see  Clarence leaning on the mail box at the curb, holding his volume of "Tom Sawyer" in his hand.
152) 6) text: George wandering like a lost soul among the tombstones,  Clarence trotting at his heels. Again George stops to sta with frightened eyes at:
170) 9) text: Tom comes in, digging in his purse as he comes.
170) 10) dialog: What is this, George? Another run on  the bank?
170) 45) text: George, still holding Zuzu in his arms, glances down at t pile of money on the table. His eye catches something on of the pile, and he reaches down for it. It is Clarence's copy of "Tom Sawyer." George opens it and finds an inscri written in it: "Dear George, remember no man is a failure who has friends. Thanks for the wings, Love Clarence."