0) 0) text: Behind the glass wall, which separates the baggage claim busy airport terminal, MARIE is awaiting the arrival of a She is holding a simple bouquet of flowers. She scans the newly arrived passengers. Marie’s gaze reveals a sense of eyes fix on a man who has his back towards her. She looks carefully, uncertain that he is the man she is waiting fo waiting along with the other passengers for his suitcase. position so that perhaps she’1l be able to see his face. sees his profile. He’s AHMAD, forty-four years old. She s raises her hand to catch his attention but changes her mi off her wristbrace and stuffs it into her purse. She pref him for a few moments from afar. Marie is intensely watch has not yet seen her. One by one, the passengers take the and leave. Only Ahmad is still waiting next to the empty his suitcase. Ahmad wanders through the baggage claim are a representative to report his missing suitcase. He speak of the airport staff. Marie tries to get his attention fr waving her hand. She signals to a passenger who is holdin and walking by Ahmad to get him to look at her. The passe Ahmad. He now turns his head and sees Marie through the g Happy, he walks towards her. They both come face-to-face of the glass wall. They cannot hear each other. From the their faces, it is clear that they have not seen each oth time. She understands that his luggage has not arrived wi
1) 0) text: It’s pouring rain. Marie and Ahmad run side by side throu lot. They are laughing complicitily. They jump into the c soaking wet.
2) 2) dialog: You still smoke?
2) 5) dialog: (laughing) No, I borrowed it. Marie starts the car. Ahmad is surprised by the music tha She turns the radio off and attempts to dry her hair with heater which is still warming up. Then, she struggles to gear. Her wrist hurts, so, she tries with her left hand.
2) 7) dialog: My wrist hurts. Ahmad shifts the gear for her.
2) 9) dialog: (1smiing) Look out your side and see if I have enough room. Ahmad looks out the passenger-side window and Marie start
2) 16) dialog: 
2) 18) dialog: I thought you might let us down at the last minute, like the last time. Ahmad falls silent. Marie looks at him and smiles. As if to soften her harsh comment.
2) 19) dialog: Put it in fourth. Ahmad shifts the gear for Marie.
2) 21) dialog: We're going to see them now.
2) 23) dialog: We're picking up Lucie and going home.
2) 25) dialog: 
2) 27) dialog: I wasn’t sure you'd come.
2) 29) dialog: I wasn’t sure.
2) 31) dialog: Don’t worry about it. Don’t start making excuses, we don’t have all day!
2) 33) dialog: Not just for that. They both fall quiet and go on driving for a while in sil
2) 34) dialog: The girls would like to have you.
2) 36) dialog: You won't disturb us. You'll have to come for your suitcase anyway, when it’s delivered. Ahmad doesn’t reply.
2) 37) dialog: At least, come and change your clothes so you don’t catch a cold. Ahmad still doesn’t reply and wipes the steamed-up windsh 5. INT. SAMIR’S CAR - EXT. THE STREET OF LUCIE’S SCHOOL - Students exit a school. Ahmad sits alone in the car, watc students file out through the window. A police officer kn window. Ahmad gets out of the car and goes towards her to from writing the ticket. She tells him to move the car. A the driver’s seat. 6. INT. SAMIR’S CAR - EXT. THE STREETS AROUND LUCIE’S SCH Ahmad is behind the wheel and can’t find a place to stop. to go down a one-way a street and turn onto another stree back to the school. The sun shines into his eyes. As he l visor, a few pieces of paper fall out. He tries to pick t is driving. Among the documents, he sees an identificatio man in his early thirties. He stares at the picture and d moment while holding it in his hand. He tucks the papers place. He turns onto the street where the school is locat of students have thinned out. He sees Marie standing by t road looking worriedly for her car ans Ahmad. She sees hi
2) 40) dialog: She’s left.
2) 43) dialog: It’s not her first time.
2) 45) dialog: I don’t know. Last night she came home at 11.
2) 47) dialog: It’s not normal.
2) 49) dialog: She’s been givng me hell for two months over nothing. Maybe you could talk to her, try and see what’s wrong with her?
2) 51) dialog: She loves you.
2) 53) dialog: Where are you going? Turn right! Ahmad, who has forgotten the way, follows Marie’s directi
2) 55) dialog: You've forgotten everything.
2) 58) text: You shouldn't leave this here. It’s risky. Marie takes the documents and puts them in her purse. She Ahmad has already seen the picture. Ahmad also gets out. 8. EXT. MARIE’S HOUSE - THE FRONT YARD - DAY The front yard of Marie’s two-story house is separated fr by a metal fence and a gate. Ahmad looks at the yard from gaps in the fence. A ten-year-old girl, LEA and a six-yea FOUAD are busy playing in the yard. Lea and Fouad are str into place the chain of an old bicycle, probably belongin Marie who has entered the yard, starts picking up the han
2) 59) dialog: Is Lucie home?
2) 72) dialog: Come inside, Ahmad. And you, Fouad, come get your things in the bedroom. 10. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS - DAY Marie goes to the bedroom to dry her hair. Ahmad and Foua Lea comes out of the kitchen.
2) 79) dialog: All your stuff’s put away in the shed. Marie, facing the mirror in her bedroom is trying, despit wrist, to blowdry her hair. Ahmad peeks into the bedroom, against the doorframe.
2) 80) dialog: Watch the paint. Ahmad straightens up.
2) 82) dialog: It’s not done yet. My wrist made me stop. Ahmad enters the room.
2) 85) dialog: Didn’t you want to go to a hotel? Ouch! You’re burning me. Ahmad holds the blowdryer further back and falls silent. continues brushing her hair.
2) 86) dialog: It’s fine, thanks. Ahmad turns off the blowdryer. Marie gets up. She picks u and walks out of the room while dialing.
2) 87) dialog: I left some clothes upstairs. Go change before you catch a cold. Ahmad remains in the room. As the phone rings, Marie walk Lea’s room. She sees Fouad, standing in the hallway, keep the bedroom.
2) 88) dialog: (to Fouad) What are you doing here? Go on. Get your things and go upstairs. You’ll sleep there and Lucie here.
2) 90) dialog: It’s just while Ahmad’s here, then you'll come back downstairs. Hurry up, please. (on the phone) Lucie, call me back, please. I have a surprise for you. Marie hangs up. Fouad is upset as he grabs his things and sheets off the bed. 11. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - DAY Ahmad is looking out the window. Everything brings back o Fouad pushes the door open with his body and walks in hol his bedding. Exasperated, Fouad dumps his things on the b climbs up to make the bed on the top. Ahmad is staring at struggles to make his bed. Ahmad helps him, scrutinizing expression.
2) 100) dialog: Why are you coming down?
2) 102) dialog: There aren’t enough beds for the three of them downstairs.
2) 104) dialog: 
2) 106) dialog: (surprised) What do you mean? I wrote it in my email.
2) 108) dialog: I don’t know which one. One of them.
2) 110) dialog: So, why did you want to stay at a hotel?
2) 112) dialog: In any case, I wrote you.
2) 114) dialog: You didn’t wonder why I asked you to come for the divorce? Ahmad is quiet. Marie leans against the wall. Their eyes long silence, Ahmad finally speaks.
2) 116) dialog: 
2) 118) dialog: He won’t come by while you’re here. Or he’ll let me know, for sure.
2) 120) dialog: I don’t know.
2) 122) dialog: I guess so. Do you want me to show it to you?
2) 124) dialog: I did last time and you didn’t come. I had to cancel.
2) 130) dialog: I was hoping you'd keep your promise for once. Marie leaves the bedroom. Ahmad is upset and remains seat of the bed. Marie hears his answer as she goes down the s
2) 132) dialog: My mistake. Sorry. 14. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - DAY Marie comes down the stairs. A can of paint has spilt on The footstool, which Lea had brought from the shed, is ne spilt paint. Marie is furious, she sees paint covered foo leading towards the garden where the children are playing into the yard. 15. EXT. MARIE’S HOUSE - YARD - DAY Marie comes to the yard. She sees Fouad’s shoes, which ar paint. He is putting dishwashing liquid on the dry bicycl lunges towards him.
2) 133) dialog: (angry) Fouad! Can’t you watch where you walk? Fouad is looking at the bicycle chain and does not look u
2) 134) dialog: Why do I spend hours cleaning? For you to make a mess? Look at me!
2) 136) dialog: (to Fouad) I don’t give a damn! Fouad lifts his head and looks Marie in the eyes. They a at each other. Suddenly Fouad moves towards the front gat a huff. Exasperated, Marie tries to stop him. Fouad stubb himself on the ground and Marie struggles to get him back
2) 137) dialog: Get back here! Come here!
2) 139) dialog: I'm sorry!
2) 141) dialog: (pleading) Please, Fouad, calm down.
2) 144) dialog: I'll do it.
2) 146) dialog: I thought you were leaving.
2) 148) dialog: (worried) You'll keep an eye on them?
2) 168) dialog: Hello.
2) 170) dialog: The plane was late.
2) 172) dialog: Yes. Marie places the car documents in front of Samir.
2) 173) dialog: Here.
2) 175) dialog: Right there. (pointing to the documents) You shouldn’t leave this in the car. It’s risky. Samir takes the receipt for the clothing along with the c car documents from the counter to leave the drycleaner’s.
3) 1) dialog: Did you go to the hospital?
3) 3) dialog: How was she?
3) 5) dialog: Was he supposed to come?
3) 7) dialog: (surprised) Why?
3) 9) dialog: I got upset with him. With both of them.
3) 11) dialog: No reason to make a fuss.
3) 13) dialog: I'd never yelled like that.
3) 15) dialog: Ok. I shouldn’t have. We’ll make it up tonight. They have now reached the car. Marie unlocks the car and door. Samir hangs the clothing on the rod above the backs the door and takes the keys from Marie to get in behind t starts the car. Marie notices he is upset. Before the car she taps on the glass. Samir rolls down the window.
3) 16) dialog: If you want to come over, let me know first. Marie takes off down the sidewalk. Samir is deep in thoug the car in gear. While driving, he watches Marie. Samir’s passes her.
4) 0) text: Marie enters a pharmacy, goes behind the counter and gree coworker, a middle-aged woman. She then goes to the back her white uniform and stands behind the counter. 23. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EXT. - YARD - NIGHT In the backyard, Ahmad is roasting corn. Lea is helping h bite of one of the freshly grilled cobs. Ahmad fans the o on the grill.
4) 63) dialog: Good evening.
4) 68) dialog: Lucie, can you sleep downstairs tonight? Fouad will go up with Ahmad.
4) 70) dialog: No. Lucie leaves. Marie sees the food that Ahmad has kept for wasn’t expecting Persian food.
4) 71) dialog: Oh la la ! Thank you.. Where did you get the herbs?
4) 74) dialog: No.. You're still a great cook!
4) 79) dialog: Did you talk to her?
4) 81) dialog: And?
4) 84) dialog: Tell her to be sure that this one won't leave.
4) 86) dialog: (a bit angry) I ‘m not asking her to be happy. I just want to know what she’s after.
4) 90) dialog: My decision’s made. Ahmad leaves the kitchen. While eating her food, Marie is thought. 31. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS BEDROOM - NIGHT The lights are out. Street light shines in through the wi lying down on the lower bunk and Fouad is on the top. Bot trouble falling asleep. Fouad is looking at Ahmad from in spaces in the slats of his bed; Ahmad’s hand, Ahmad’s mou trying to find out if Ahmad is asleep, but he can’t see h shifts restlessly. The bed squeaks. Ahmad hears him movin
4) 101) dialog: What did she say?
4) 103) dialog: The scratches on her stomach.
4) 105) dialog: Maybe it has nothing to do with your visits. Maybe it was involuntary.
4) 108) dialog: Do you hear yourself? You can’t say whatever you want and then just apologize. Marie wants to continue the discussion but is interrupted of someone knocking on the door. Marie gets up and opens Fouad is behind the door. It is clear that he is scared o
4) 109) dialog: What are you doing here?
4) 112) dialog: I asked him to go upstairs with Ahmad. The girls are together.
4) 118) dialog: You can sleep in my bed. Fouad lies down on Marie’s bed. Marie tucks him in. 35. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN AND HALLWAY - MORNING The next morning, Lucie, Lea and Fouad are sitting around table finishing off their breakfast. The sink is full of clearly clogged. Ahmad is sitting on the floor and is bus drainpipe under the sink. Marie who has taken a shower, e kitchen.
4) 119) dialog: Ahmad leave it.. we’re running late.
4) 121) dialog: It can wait. We have to be there by 9. Hurry up, kids. Marie leaves the kitchen. Ahmad opens the drainpipe. All the sink pours into the bucket which Ahmad has placed und sink. Ahmad clears the clogged pipe and dirties his hands process. Samir, who has just woken up, enters the kitchen
4) 127) dialog: Get ready, Lucie, we'll drop you off.
4) 129) dialog: Ahmad, we're late.
4) 131) dialog: (to the kids) Get moving, kids. Lea and Fouad finish their breakfasts and leave the kitch for school.
4) 133) dialog: There’s always been a leak.
4) 135) dialog: (to Ahmad) Did you eat anything?
4) 140) dialog: Ahmad!
4) 146) dialog: Go right.
4) 148) dialog: Yes. The car turns then stops in front of a school’s main entr out and Fouad follows her.
4) 150) dialog: Bye, sweetheart.
4) 152) dialog: Bye! Wait, let me see.. Marie cleans the corner of Fouad’s eye with her finger. L go towards the school. The car drives off.
4) 154) dialog: At the pharmacy, he’d come in for his wife’s medication.
4) 156) dialog: She was depressed. Ahmad smirks. Marie notices his reaction.
4) 157) dialog: What?
4) 159) dialog: (mimics Ahmad’s smirk) What's that supposed to mean?
4) 161) dialog: We call it mocking. What's funny about it?
4) 163) dialog: Is her depression funny to you? Ahmad puts on the turning indicator and slowly pulls over
4) 165) dialog: It’s just your hair that’s gone grey. Nothing else has changed.
4) 167) dialog: Stop joking, we’re late. Ahmad laughs and starts driving.
5) 0) text: Marie and Ahmad are sitting on a bench in a courthouse in of Paris..
5) 1) dialog: Seriously, what did you think of him?
5) 3) dialog: Serious enough for me to be pregnant. Ahmad, who is clearly shocked at hearing this news, tries sadness and they both fall silent. The lawyer comes out o calls Marie, who gets up.
5) 5) dialog: No. Marie enters the office accompanied by the lawyer. Ahmad Marie, he is deep in thought.
6) 0) text: Marie and Ahmad are sitting in front of the judge’s desk lawyer is seated between them. The judge reads their divo and asks for their consent, with that the administrative divorce is completed. During this procedure, Marie’s phon quietly speaks a few sentences without being heard. The j Marie with an expression that means she cannot speak on t no other choice, Marie hangs up the phone. 41. EXT. MARIE’S HOUSE - YARD - DAY Samir, who is still in his work clothes, is in the yard a on the phone. His hands are covered in paint.
7) 0) text: An old shop in Paris. A large number of old and new chand other lamps are hanging from the ceiling of the shop. All store are table lamps in various sizes and shapes. Samir looking at the chandeliers hanging from the ceiling to pi out. 47. INT. SAMIR’S CAR - EXT. STREET - DAY Several chandeliers and lamps are placed on the backseat. sitting behind the wheel and Marie in the front seat. The through the busy streets of Paris. Samir is deep in thoug senses it and quietly waits for him to speak. Without loo Marie gently reaches over to hold his hand and closes her moment later, Samir has to remove his hand in order to sh Marie opens her eyes. They drive on in silence.
8) 0) text: Ahmad comes up the stairs in a metro station. It is raini the gift he has bought out of its plastic bag and pulls t his head to prevent his head from getting wet. He crosses street, reaches the sidewalk and hugs the wall as he walk dry as possible. 49, INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - NIGHT Marie walks towards the front door. She opens the door. A soaked from the rain, comes inside.
8) 2) dialog: You're soaked!
8) 4) dialog: Want a coffee?
8) 6) dialog: It’s right here. At least, wait till the rain stops.
8) 9) dialog: No. Worried, Ahmad leans against the hallway wall.
8) 10) dialog: Watch the paint. Ahmad looks at his coat which is not stained with paint. suitcase in the hallway. He walks towards it and sees the broken.
8) 11) dialog: It was broken when they delivered it.
8) 13) dialog: I’ve called them so often looking for her that I’m embarrassed to do it again. Ahmad finds his towel among the things in his suitcase an face. He tries to close the suitcase but it will not clos
8) 16) dialog: You have a couple of suitcases left in the shed. You can take one of them.
8) 18) dialog: Marie goes inside. 50. INT. MARIE’S YARD - SHED - NIGHT Ahmad is in the shed looking for his suitcases, which he from a few years ago. From among the clutter piled up in pulls out two dusty suitcases. He unzips the larger suitc clothing, a few black and white pictures of Ahmad from wh Paris and other personal items are in the suitcase. Seein belongings changes his mood. 51. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT Marie is standing by the window facing the backyard. The the rain can be seen. Samir is standing on the kitchen ta installing a chandelier. Ahmad comes in the back kitchen empty suitcase and heads towards the hallway. Marie and S look at the suitcase he’s holding. Ahmad leaves the kitch dominating silence.
8) 21) dialog: Should Fouad come too?
8) 28) dialog: They should both be punished, then.
8) 35) dialog: (impatiently wanting to leave) I'll ask them to apologize.
8) 38) dialog: (to Samir, frustrated) Can you please let go? I’ve already scolded them enough.
8) 43) dialog: No, first you both have to apologize.
8) 67) dialog: It still wear the same size.
8) 69) dialog: She’s never been so late. Samir gets up from the table.
8) 71) dialog: Where?
8) 73) dialog: You had them.
8) 77) dialog: Why did she cry at the restaurant today?
8) 79) dialog: I called Shahryar and he said she suddenly burst ito tears. She’s never been this late. What have you told her that has made her stay out until now?
8) 81) dialog: (worried) You did?
8) 83) dialog: That’s why she’s not back. You weren’t supposed to tell her.
8) 85) dialog: Not when she’s so upset.
8) 87) dialog: What is her problem? Ahmad seems reluctant to answer. Marie stands in front of for a reply.
8) 88) dialog: (a bit upset) What’s her problem?... huh?
8) 90) dialog: Everything about what? Samir comes to the kitchen door.
8) 92) dialog: (angry) Well, look for them! Samir is surprised to see Marie so up. Ahmad is visibly u
8) 94) dialog: What do you mean by “knowing everything”? I don’t understand.
8) 96) dialog: She committed suicide because...
8) 98) dialog: (angrier) The keys are not here.
8) 100) dialog: So why you are here?
8) 102) dialog: No, but...
8) 105) dialog: Ahmad.. his wife had been depressed for some time.
8) 106) dialog: Every time I’d take my clothes there, I’d see her.. You could tell that she was unwell.
8) 108) dialog: What do you mean why?
8) 110) dialog: Look, either don’t say something or if you do, say it clearly.
8) 112) dialog: I didn’t say she felt unwell, I said she was unwell!
8) 114) dialog: (quietly) You'd really like to hear that it was my fault if that woman committed suicide?
8) 116) dialog: She’s wrong. She must come and have a conversation with me and I'll tell her.
8) 118) dialog: Don’t you believe me?
8) 120) dialog: What’s so unbelievable about it?
8) 122) dialog: Look who’s talking! Have you forgotten the state you were in? This woman committed suicide another time when her baby was nine-month-old! Was it also my fault? I was with you, back then! Ahmad falls silent upon hearing this.
8) 123) dialog: Her depression started right after the birth. Do you want to know what meds Samir would come and get for her? 54. INT. AND EXT. SAMIR’S CAR - NIGHT Ahmad and Samir are in the car, driving up and down the s their neighborhood searching for Lucie.
8) 155) dialog: No, it’s the first time.
8) 157) dialog: To Brussels?
8) 159) dialog: No, he’s back in Brussels.
8) 161) dialog: (doubtful) She’s on bad terms with him too.
8) 163) dialog: (to Ahamd) It’s better if you do it. Samir brushes past Marie and goes to the bedroom. Ahmad i uncomfortable with the request Marie has made.
8) 165) dialog: (upset) Fine, Ill do it.
8) 167) dialog: Shahryar called twice. He wants you to call him back.
8) 169) dialog: In the kitchen. Ahmad goes to the kitchen. 56. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT Lea is lying down under the blanket on her mother’s bed. feeling down and is seated on the edge of the bed. Marie worried. She is looking for her address book. Everyone is sees that Samir is deep in thought, he running his finger hair.
8) 171) dialog: What idea?
8) 173) dialog: I don’t know... Marie finds her address book and starts to leave the bedr exiting, she realizes that her reaction has upset Samir. towards Samir and sits next to him affectionately. Lea, w fallen asleep, turns around and sees their backs facing h takes the eye-drops and drops some medication into his ey 57. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN AND HALLWAY - NIGHT Ahmad is holding the phone and speaking to Shahryar.
8) 175) dialog: Here.
8) 177) dialog: Her father’s number. But try not to worry him. He’s fragile...
8) 180) dialog: But he called twice! Why didn’t he tell me? He heard how worried I was! Why didn’t he tell me? I’ve been worried sick all night!
8) 182) dialog: (shouting) Explain what? What do you want to explain? Samir, curious about the commotion, comes into the kitche
8) 187) dialog: Why didn’t he tell me she was there?
8) 195) dialog: (to Samir) The keys.
8) 197) dialog: She has to come back home.
8) 198) text: Marie...
8) 199) dialog: She has to come here, sit her ass down and listen!
8) 201) dialog: Right now!
8) 203) dialog: I don’t care! I want her to come and see the mess she’s put me in! I want her to know that I didn’t cause this woman’s suicide! Fouad, standing in the doorway, has heard everything. 58. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT Marie rushes to put on her raincoat. Samir is standing ne and Lea is on the bed. Although her eyes are closed, it i she is not sleeping.
8) 205) dialog: (angry) Then, I’1l call the police to bring her back. I swear I will.
8) 207) dialog: Either she comes back here or she goes and lives with her father in Brussels. Marie comes towards the door to leave. Samir blocks her p
9) 58) dialog: You’re here?
9) 60) dialog: How was your meeting?
9) 62) dialog: With Samir’s employee.
9) 64) text: between them. Ahmad helps Marie put away the groceries.
9) 66) dialog: No.
9) 68) dialog: Did she know?
9) 70) dialog: How?
9) 72) dialog: Did something happen?
9) 74) dialog: No, I’m tired. What’s the matter, Ahmad? Ahmad goes to the door to close it so that they may speak Ahmad sits down. waiting for him to speak. Marie sits down opposite him. Marie is staring at him, INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS ROOM - DAY Lea is sitting next to Lucie on the edge of the bed. A br Lea looks at Lucie’s worried face.
9) 82) dialog: Is what Ahmad said true? Lucie nods. Marie suddenly loses control and lunges towar has burst into tears, she takes Lucie by the arms and sha violently while crying and screaming at her.
9) 83) dialog: (crying) Why did you do that to me? What did I ever do to you? Lucie shows no reaction. She too is crying. She does not against her mother’s beating. It is clear that she is fee Marie. Ahmad who has heard the commotion, rushes into the separate Lucie from her mother’s grip. Marie is too angry go. He manages to free Lucie and pulls Marie to a corner kitchen. Lea has also come down and is witnessing this fi suddenly starts punching her own stomach. Ahmad holds her prevent her from doing this.
9) 85) dialog: You little shit!
9) 87) dialog: Get your hands off me!
9) 89) text: (to Lucie) Get out of this house! Get out! Again Marie tries to lunge at Lucie. Ahmad struggles to s sends Lucie out of the kitchen.
9) 92) dialog: Will you shut up!
9) 94) dialog: I don’t want to hear you. I hate it when you lecture me! It disgusts me!
9) 97) dialog: (screaming and crying) Fuck off! I didn’t ask you here for Lucie! I asked you to come here after four years just to sign that fucking piece of paper and then get lost forever!
9) 99) dialog: Screw you.
9) 101) dialog: (angry) Read your emails!
9) 103) dialog: I sent you an your email...
9) 105) dialog: (angry and sarcastic) Yes, you're right. Happy?
9) 107) dialog: Do,’t you want to get out of here? Just leave for good? Please... Lea runs into the kitchen.
9) 121) dialog: Wait.. 1/11 go. Marie comes out of the kitchen and walks towards the fron looking at Ahmad who is standing there not knowing what t comes towards her. Together they walk into the kitchen. A the chair and Lea gently leans against him and stands the
9) 124) dialog: Come back home. Lucie looks at her mother in silence.
9) 125) dialog: Let’s get back in. 73. INT. SHAHRYAR’S HOUSE - WORK ROOM - DAY Ahmad is sitting at a workbench.
9) 131) dialog: Go to bed. And turn off the light, please. Lucie turns off the light and leaves the kitchen. Marie p phone on the table and stays there in the darkness. 75. EXT. SIDEWALK OUTSIDE THE DRYCLEANER’S - DAY Marie is walking down the sidewalk. It’s a long walk to t drycleaner’s. From her eyes, it is clear that she has not night’s sleep. 76. INT. DRYCLEANER’S - DAY - CONTINUED Marie enters the drycleaner’s. Naima is busy getting the out of the large washing machine. Fouad is busy drawing i Naima notices Marie who has now come to this side of the
9) 133) dialog: Hello. Is Samir here?
9) 135) dialog: What’s all this?
9) 137) dialog: What for?
9) 139) dialog: That is your cologne...
9) 142) dialog: Nothing.
9) 144) dialog: I have to go. Marie is not feeling like she usually does. He is waiting speak.
9) 145) dialog: I don’t like it when hide your feelings.
9) 147) dialog: You mean you are not happy?
9) 149) dialog: Is it not good news that there is still hope that she can react to something?
9) 151) dialog: You're stuck between your wife and me.
9) 153) dialog: I’ve felt it for a long time.
9) 155) dialog: What do you mean?
9) 157) dialog: I always felt it but I wasn’t brave enough to tell you earlier. Maybe I wasn’t sure of what I felt.
9) 159) dialog: That I am only here to fill the void left by your wife. Samir is hurt by Marie. A brief silence.
9) 161) dialog: (upset) No one’s.
9) 163) dialog: Of what?
9) 165) dialog: If that was the case, I wouldn’t be carrying your child.
9) 167) dialog: I could’ve not kept it.
9) 170) dialog: I feel this way because I’ve found out why your wife...
9) 172) dialog: She knew...
9) 175) dialog: She never asked about me?
9) 177) dialog: I don’t know. Why I came so often...
9) 179) dialog: What about you? Didn’t she suspect you?
9) 181) dialog: Lucie sent her our emails. Samir is shocked, staring at Marie. There is a heavy sile them.
9) 183) dialog: Your wife gave it to her.
9) 185) dialog: Lucie called her at the shop and told her she had emails we had sent each other and that she wanted to forward them. Your wife accepted. Samir stares at Marie in disbelief. Again, there is silen them.
9) 187) dialog: The day before her suicide. Samir drops his gaze and stares at the perfumes. Marie le house. 79, INT. DRY CLEANER’S - DAY Samir enters the dry cleaner’s from the back door. He is Naima is writing up an order for a customer. He waits for to leave. He is looking at Fouad who is still drawing in As soon as the customer leaves, he calls Naima.
10) 0) text: Upset, Marie is filling the prescription for a customer. Samir who is waiting for her outside the pharmacy. She qu prescription for the customer and sends her to the regist comes out of the pharmacy. Her co-worker who is ringing u customer, is frustrated with Marie’s sloppy work. She gla and sees Marie and Samir talking. 81. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS BEDROOM - NIGHT A small lamp is on. Marie is lying on her bed by herself staring out into space. The door gently opens. Lucie come realizes Lucie is there but shows no reaction. Lucie come bed. She pulls the blanket to the side and lies down next who has her back towards her. She pulls the blanket over moment, they lie like this side by side. Lucie turns towa mother. She holds her from behind. Marie takes her hand a to her chest.
10) 2) dialog: Promise not to lie to me again.
10) 4) dialog: When you say you’d forwarded the emails. Lucie is shocked at hearing this but she does not respond look, it is clear that she is debating whether to speak o silent.
10) 5) dialog: You promise? Lucie remains silent.
10) 6) dialog: Okay?
10) 8) dialog: Because she wasn’t at the shop the day before her suicide. Again Lucie is silent. She lets go of her mother and turn back. She stares at the ceiling. Marie is surprised at he turns her head towards her. She looks at Lucie. Lucie spe response to Marie’s inquisitive gaze.
10) 10) dialog: No.
10) 12) dialog: His wife is French. Now they are both thinking the same thing. Marie is worri 82. INT. DRYCLEANER’S - EXT. SIDEWALK - MORNING Samir is waiting for Naima to arrive, it is clear that he upset and angry. A brief moment passes. Naima enters.
11) 0) text: Samir walks along the sidewalk. He reaches the pharmacy. stopping, he sneaks a peak inside the pharmacy. Marie is the prescription for an old male customer. Samir passes t and turns onto the next street. He stops a few yards away back and forth for a bit. He is hesitant. He goes back th came, this time without looking inside the pharmacy. He g towards the drycleaner’s. He ears Marie’s voice from behi
11) 1) dialog: Samir! He stops and sees Marie who has come out of the pharmacy standing on the sidewalk. 87. INT. DRY CLEANER’S - EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY Fouad is busy drawing in a corner of the drycleaner’s. Th of the store is locked. Samir and Marie are on the sidewa reached the door. Samir unlocks the door and they both co again locks the door from the inside. Fouad comes out for clothing racks.
11) 3) dialog: Hello. Marie goes towards him. She kisses him.
11) 7) dialog: Do you think she got our emails?
11) 9) dialog: If she’d read them, she would’ve at least said something to you.
11) 11) dialog: Even if she’d read them, yesterday you said she wouldn’t have cared. Samir is silent.
11) 12) dialog: Would she have cared?
11) 14) dialog: Is that possible?
11) 16) dialog: What if it isn’t? Marie is deep in thought. 88. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EXT. BACK YARD - DAY Ahmad is standing in a corner and watching Marie who is f kettle in the sink.
11) 18) dialog: It still hurts a bit.
11) 20) dialog: It’s normal. It’s the lack of calcium. The baby’s taking it all.
11) 22) dialog: A bit more than two months.
11) 24) dialog: I don’t know, maybe. There’s a brief silence between them. Marie places the ke stove and turns it on.
11) 26) dialog: About what?
11) 30) dialog: No.. I don’t want to look back anymore. Forget it. Again there’s silence.
11) 32) dialog: And your things in the shed?
11) 34) dialog: Take them. Ahmad notices Marie’s state. From the kitchen door, he en backyard to gather his belongings in the shed. 89. EXT. MARIE’S HOUSE - YARD - DAY Ahmad comes to the yard holding a dusty suitcase. Lea and busy playing with Lea’s helicopter. Ahmad goes towards Le her. Fouad is watching them. Lea smiles. Ahmad looks at F hugs him. 90. INT. MARIE’S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS ROOM - EXT. YARD - DAY Lucie looks out at the yard from the window of her room. Ahmad say goodbye to Lea and Fouad and walk toward the fr children see him off. Ahmad goes onto the street. To bett leave, Lucie places one foot on the bed and raises hersel Ahmad fades into the distance. Lucie stays there till Ahm from view. Once he is gone, she comes down from the bed.