11) 0) text: AURIC GOLDFINGER, wearing a yellow top and a hearing aid, walks down some stairs from an upper deck. He looks off grumpily and keeps walking.
11) 7) dialog: Good morning, Mister Simmons. Ready for our little game?
11) 9) dialog: (pointing to Simmons' chair) Could I have my usual seat?
11) 14) dialog: Same stakes?
11) 16) dialog: Did you say five?
11) 18) dialog: (returning the amplifier to his pocket) Okay. He writes on the notepad. Simmons sets the deck of cards the table.
11) 24) dialog: Four.
11) 26) dialog: How many?
13) 21) text: He sees Simmons' entire hand. Simmons sets a card down, t Goldfinger's hand reaches in and takes a card from the de
13) 35) dialog: Bond snaps his fingers against the microphone. Goldfinger suddenly looks up, quaking from the noise. Bond looks through the binoculars.
13) 46) dialog: has a snarling expression on his face. The binoculars til down in time to see him snap his pencil in half. He jabs end of it into the tabletop.
22) 0) text: The proprietor, BLACKING, winds tape around a golf club i f.g. Goldfinger walks in. He is dressed like his name: brown coat over a yellow sweater, brown striped tie, brow golfing pants and shoes, and he holds a matching brown ca
22) 1) dialog: Ready, Blacking?
22) 4) dialog: Where is he? Blacking turns to Bond.
22) 9) dialog: turns and looks at Bond. He studies him a moment, then speaks.
22) 10) dialog: How do you do?
22) 13) dialog: keeps looking at Bond.
22) 20) dialog: Um-hmm. Bond smiles at him and walks out the door.
23) 0) text: As Bond emerges we hear Goldfinger talking to Blacking:
23) 1) dialog: I'll take some tees.
23) 5) dialog: Oh, you must excuse Oddjob, Mister Bond. He's an admirable manservant, but mute. He's not a very good caddy. PAN on them as they walk past Oddjob.
23) 6) dialog: (shrugging at Oddjob) Golf is not yet the national game of Korea, eh? Oddjob waits until they are some distance away then follo
23) 9) dialog: This meeting is not a coincidence, eh?
23) 10) text: Goldfinger and Bond stand in f.g., with Oddjob and Hawkin standing in b.g. on opposite sides. Goldfinger leans down with his putter.
23) 11) dialog: What's your game, Mister Bond?
23) 12) text: - Bond looks at Goldfinger. - Goldfinger looks down taking aim. - His putter moves back and forth at his ball. - Bond keeps looking at him.
23) 14) dialog: You didn't come here to play golf. - His putter keeps moving back and forth. Suddenly Bond's gold bar lands beside it with a thud. - Goldfinger's eyes widen as he looks at the bar. - The bar glistens in the sunlight. - Goldfinger looks back at his ball. - His putter taps the ball, which rolls aside missing the hole. - Bond smirks slightly and looks at Goldfinger. - Goldfinger looks at the gold bar again then turns aside 42.
23) 15) text: Goldfinger hands his putter to Oddjob as Bond picks up th gold bar and gives it to Hawker.
23) 16) dialog: They walk together across the green.
23) 17) dialog: The 1940 smelt from the Weigenhaler foundry at Essen.
23) 19) dialog: They vanished in 1944.
23) 21) dialog: And you have access to more?
23) 23) dialog: Interesting.
23) 25) dialog: Two holes to go.
23) 27) dialog: Then you have no objection to increasing the stakes?
23) 29) dialog: 
23) 30) dialog: The bar of gold you have with you, naturally.
23) 32) dialog: (laughing it off) Oh, I'll stake the cash equivalent.
23) 35) dialog: (suddenly) Strict rules of golf?
23) 38) dialog: nods and sways from side to side.
23) 39) text: Bond swings at the ball, striking it cleanly across the fairway. Goldfinger watches it go. So does Oddjob.
23) 41) text: Smiling tightly, Bond crosses Goldfinger, who takes a clu from Oddjob and approaches the tee. Bond watches.
23) 42) text: Goldfinger sets his ball down and readies himself. Ina reverse angle on his legs, his club hits the ball squarel the ball flies into the distance. Goldfinger watches it go. So does Bond, who steps forward grinning.
23) 44) dialog: Bond looks over Goldfinger's shoulder at the rough, Oddjo behind them.
24) 1) dialog: paces near the trees, looking down. (Bond is no longer wh he was standing.)
24) 5) dialog: continues to look near the trees. 45.
24) 11) dialog: looks over and waves his club.
24) 12) dialog: Uh-huh. He walks off.
24) 14) dialog: (innocently) I'm still training him as a caddy. Oddjob, off to the side, grins at Bond.
24) 16) text: Goldfinger walks to Oddjob in f.g. Meanwhile Bond and Haw walk toward the trees in b.g., looking around. Goldfinger looks down at "his" ball, which lays inches fr the fairway. It is marked "Slazenger 1."
24) 17) dialog: Slazenger Number One. Good. He holds his hand out. Oddjob passes him a club.
24) 27) text: Goldfinger, in f.g. with his back to us, swings his club strongly then walks forward.
24) 31) dialog: Um-hmm, play it. Bond taps his ball into the cup. Goldfinger walks up to his ball.
24) 32) dialog: This for a half.
24) 35) dialog: Fine. Bond tosses a ball to Goldfinger, who reaches out gracefu and catches it. The foursome start walking. 48.
25) 0) text: Close shot of a marker that says "18." TRACK BACK as Goldfinger and Oddjob enter the teeing ground. Goldfinger reaches down with his ball.
25) 4) dialog: bends over and sets his ball on a tee. He rises. The ball falls off the tee.
25) 5) text: Goldfinger angles his club then notices the ball on the ground. He reaches for it.
25) 7) dialog: plants the ball on the tee again, then looks into the dis and readies his stroke.
25) 9) text: Goldfinger swings and hits the ball across the fairway. Hawker smiles at Bond. They walk forward.
26) 1) dialog: Down in five.
26) 4) dialog: It seems I am too good for you. Bond reaches into the cup and takes out both balls. He lo at one.
26) 6) dialog: Yes. Why?
27) 0) text: The gold Rolls Royce sits in f.g., beyond it Bond's Aston Martin. A number of statues adorn the clubhouse fagade. PAN on Oddjob as walks to the Rolls' trunk carrying Goldfinger's golf bag, revealing Bond dressed in a brown looking on with his hands in his pockets. Oddjob sets the in the trunk and backs away. DOLLY IN on Bond as he approaches the trunk. He takes a H from his pocket, primes it and plants it inside the trunk
27) 4) dialog: You are a clever, resourceful man, Mister Bond. 51.
27) 6) dialog: Perhaps too clever. HOLD ON TWO-SHOT as Goldfinger looks Bond in the eye.
27) 7) dialog: Twice our paths have crossed. Let's leave it at that. PAN on Goldfinger as he opens the car's back door.
27) 8) dialog: I should have thought our first meeting would have convinced you.
27) 12) dialog: Both of us know perfectly well what we are talking about, Mister Bond. But I see that it is necessary to remind you. Oddjob! PAN on Oddjob as he walks past the front of the car then stands at attention across from them.
27) 13) dialog: Many people have tried to involve themselves in my affairs --
27) 15) dialog: -- unsuccessfully. Goldfinger looks off at Oddjob then touches the brim of h hat and points into the distance. 52.
27) 18) dialog: look up at Oddjob, who walks off to retrieve his hat. DOL IN on Bond and Goldfinger.
27) 20) dialog: I assume you want the check made out to cash.
27) 23) dialog: Goodbye, Mister Bond. Goldfinger shuts his door as Oddjob gets in behind the wh Bond plays with a ball in his hand then tosses it to Oddj who catches it.
28) 1) text: The car is on a hoist beneath an airplane and is being ra to the cargo hatch. PAN on a baggage handler driving by i cart containing four suitcases, one of which is gold-colo As the cart passes under the plane, DOLLY BACK to reveal Goldfinger and Oddjob approaching the steps to the passen compartment. Goldfinger motions to Oddjob, who hands their tickets toa STEWARDESS at the base of the steps, and the two of them up the steps.
30) 0) text: Oddjob drives. Goldfinger sits in back opening a newspape He scratches the side of his face.
36) 0) text: The Rolls is stopped at the flower stall, which is manned five children. Goldfinger and Oddjob get out of the car.
38) 1) dialog: turns away from the flower stall eating an orange. Oddjob behind him (in a process shot), approaches the children a
45) 11) dialog: Smuggling is an art, Mister Ling...
45) 13) dialog: and art requires... Steam sounds from the melted gold, drowning out the rest his sentence.
45) 14) dialog: (continuing) In this case, the bodywork of my Rolls Royce is eighteen carat gold.
45) 17) dialog: We dismantle it here. We reduce the gold in this special furnace, which in turn... (noise drowns him out) . weighing approximately two tons. He raises his fist to his mouth, coughing, then leads Lin off. 65.
45) 18) dialog: I make six trips a year to the continent in the Rolls Royce, Mister Ling...
45) 22) dialog: Now, Mister Ling, please assure your principals Operation Grand Slam will have my undivided attention. Goldfinger leads him down a few steps and around a corner the building.
45) 23) dialog: Now, there are certain matters we must discuss...
50) 1) dialog: Good evening, double-o-seven. Bond looks the other way.
50) 4) dialog: (slipping his hands into his pockets) And members of your curious profession are few in number.
50) 5) text: Goldfinger approaches the table.
50) 6) dialog: You have been recognized -- let's say by one of your opposite numbers, who is also licensed to kill. -- Oh, that interesting car of yours! PAN on Goldfinger as he moves to the right. The laser gun comes into view. Goldfinger wipes his eye and laughs.
50) 7) dialog: I, too, have a new toy, but considerably more practical.
50) 9) dialog: You are looking at an industrial laser...
50) 11) dialog: . which emits an extraordinary light, not to be found in nature.
50) 12) dialog: looks down at him and paces back past the table.
50) 13) dialog: It can project a spot on the moon -- or, at closer range, cut through solid metal. I will show you. Goldfinger turns and snaps his fingers at the control roo Delsing flips a switch as Kisch, Ling and Wong look on. The barrel of the laser gun moves down Bond's torso. He raises himself onto his elbows and looks at it. TILT UP to show its blue coils gleaming as it keeps movin downwards.
50) 15) dialog: 
50) 16) dialog: (pointing to the table-top) This is gold, Mister Bond. All my life I've been in love with its colour, its brilliance, its divine heaviness. Bond looks up at Goldfinger then down at his legs. 79. The laser beam keeps cutting through the table-top, movin toward Bond's crotch.
50) 17) dialog: I welcome any enterprise which will increase my stock, which is considerable. Bond looks at Goldfinger then down at his crotch again. The laser beam keeps cutting through the table-top.
50) 19) dialog: (studying the beam) Choose your next witticism carefully, Mister Bond. It may be your last. The laser beam continues cutting upwards. Bond looks at i then up at Goldfinger.
50) 20) dialog: The purpose of our two previous encounters is now very clear to me. I do not intend to be distracted by another. Good-night, Mister Bond. Goldfinger turns away. Bond looks from Goldfinger to a spot between his legs. Th laser beam keeps cutting upwards toward his crotch.
50) 21) text: Bond lies in f.g. on the table as Goldfinger starts walki the steps to the control booth, his left hand in his pock
50) 23) dialog: stops on the steps and looks down, both hands in his pock
50) 24) dialog: No, Mister Bond. I expect you to die! 80.
50) 25) dialog: Bond looks up at him. Goldfinger continues up the steps.
50) 26) dialog: There is nothing you can talk to me about that I don't already know. Bond looks at the laser beam. It keeps cutting through th table-top. Bond tries to think of something to say.
50) 31) dialog: I trust he will be more successful! Goldfinger touches Ling's arm and they turn away. Bond looks down at the laser beam again. It keeps cutting toward his crotch.
50) 33) dialog: You know nothing, Mister Bond!
50) 35) dialog: Ling freezes and looks at Bond but Goldfinger keeps his c He watches Bond and the laser beam about to slice into hi Goldfinger steps forward smirking as Ling looks imploring him. Bond looks up at Goldfinger. The laser beam keeps cutting Bond looks at Goldfinger again. Goldfinger stands consulting with Ling and Kisch. Bond looks again at the tabletop. The beam keeps cutting. Goldfinger continues consulting with the others. Bond looks down at the beam. It is almost at his crotch. Bond looks up.
50) 36) text: Bond in f.g. again, Goldfinger beyond in the control room Goldfinger turns to Bond.
50) 37) dialog: Two words you may have overheard which cannot possibly have any significance to you or anyone in your organization. As Goldfinger talks, Bond looks in exasperation at the approaching laser beam. It slices easily through the meta Goldfinger steps forward smugly.
50) 41) dialog: You are quite right, Mister Bond. You are worth more to me alive.
50) 42) text: As Bond lies in f.g. and Goldfinger looks on, Kisch appro the table. Bond looks up at Kisch, then Goldfinger, then Kisch. Kisc raises a large pistol and points it at Bond's chest. Goldfinger looks on smugly as Kisch aims. Kisch fires the pistol; it makes a thumping sound. Bond's head lowers to the tabletop. Goldfinger looks on with even greater smugness.
50) 43) text: We see the entire tableau -- Bond unconscious, Kisch besi him and Goldfinger looking on. FADE OUT.
59) 0) text: Goldfinger's jet plane taxis by and approaches a hangar w a sign hanging from the roof reads, "PUSSY GALORE'S FLYIN CIRCUS." On the side of the plane in gold lettering are t words "AURIC ENTERPRISES, INC."
60) 4) dialog: Ah! Welcome to Auric Stud, Mister Bond. Lovely animal, isn't she?
60) 6) dialog: (gesturing to Oddjob) Show Mister Bond to his quarters, please. Oddjob and the two guards escort Bond to a staircase that down under a wooden building. 94. Goldfinger watches with a disappointed expression, then t off his gloves and walks away.
63) 0) text: Kisch walks into Goldfinger's office, seen through the wi Goldfinger sits at a desk.
63) 2) dialog: Uh?... Oh, yes... yes. (rises and grabs his yellow cap) Thank you, Kisch. Goldfinger exits through a back door.
64) 4) dialog: enters the room waving his cap.
64) 5) dialog: Gentlemen! Men all over the room stop what they're doing and look at 96.
64) 12) dialog: (leaning on the pool table) You all made the deliveries we contracted for.
64) 14) dialog: I owe each of you a million -- in gold bullion.
64) 16) dialog: Gentlemen, you can have the million today... (he picks up another ball then sets it down for emphasis) or ten millions tomorrow!
64) 18) dialog: AS soon as my bank opens in the morning.
64) 20) dialog: My bank will! Goldfinger laughs. TILT DOWN as he reaches under the pool table and flips a switch. The sound of a motor humming be and the pool table starts moving.
64) 27) dialog: There is no cause for alarm, gentlemen. He turns a black knob. The humming sound increases. He lo up. The large photograph flattens against the wall as side pa come into place beside it. 98.
64) 29) dialog: (pointing with the cue) This is my bank. The gold depository at Fort Knox, gentlemen. In its vaults are fifteen billion dollars -- the entire gold supply of the United States.
64) 32) dialog: Of a kind. PAN on him as he walks back to the console.
64) 34) dialog: (setting down the cue) Forty-one thousand.
64) 40) dialog: Man has climbed Mount Everest. Gone to the bottom of the ocean. He has fired rockets to the moon. Split the atom. Achieved Miracles... (the humming stops) in every field of human endeavor -- except crime!
64) 47) dialog: The underworld will rock with applause for centuries.
64) 53) dialog: Bear with me, please! Fort Knox is a bank, like any other. Larger, better protected perhaps, but nonetheless a bank! PAN OVER as he points the pool cue at the model.
64) 54) dialog: It can be, I think the expression is, blown. ZOOM IN on the model. Bond's eyes look out through window the replica of Fort Knox.
64) 55) dialog: My plan is foolproof, gentlemen.
64) 57) dialog: I call it Operation Grand Slam. I have devoted fifteen years of my life to it. Every detail has been scrupulously prepared. Every eventuality has been considered. We'll operate on a split-second schedule. Your organization, Mister Midnight, brought ina consignment of these canisters...
64) 59) dialog: across the Canadian border. They contain Delta Nine.
64) 63) dialog: (gesturing emphatically) An invisible nerve gas which disperses fifteen minutes after inducing complete unconsciousness for twenty-four hours! Goldfinger hands the canister to one of the gangsters and paces past them.
64) 64) dialog: Tomorrow at dawn, the Flying Circus of my personal pilot, Miss Pussy Galore...
64) 66) dialog: ... Will spray it into the atmosphere! Bond starts writing. PAN OVER to the piece of paper. He writes: "Q07 to CIA
64) 71) dialog: Once the population, including the military, has been immobilized, my task...
64) 73) dialog: ... force, which Mr. Strap and his people smuggled across the Rio Grande from Mexico, will approach Fort Knox in motorized equipment along Bullion Boulevard... He points to the model with the pool cue.
64) 74) dialog: . which runs past the depository here, and intersects with Gold Vault Road. This fence surrounding the depository, as Mister Strap reminded us, is electrified. It will be dynamited. My task force will then move to the main entrance and demolish it. 103.
64) 76) dialog: You made that possible, Mister Solo, by arranging, through your considerable influence in shipping circles, to bring through customs uninspected a consignment labeled machine parts. All that will then remain is to descend to the vaults where the bullion is stored.
64) 81) dialog: Gentlemen, we must respect Mister Solo's decision. Please excuse me for a few minutes while I take care of him. Make yourselves comfortable. Goldfinger leads Solo toward the door.
65) 0) text: A Korean guard loads bars of gold into the trunk of a car DOLLY BACK to show it is a Cadillac. 106. Goldfinger and Solo emerge through the front doorway of t house. Another guard follows behind them with a briefcase overcoat.
65) 1) dialog: Such a pity you did not choose to remain with the others, Mister Solo. However... The guard closes the trunk. Solo glances up. Goldfinger notices and looks back. Pussy walks up to them with Bond. Bond takes his hand fro his pocket, holding the piece of paper with the Homer.
65) 2) dialog: Ah, Mister Bond. I thought you were resting in your quarters.
65) 5) dialog: (turning between the two men) Mister Solo, Mister Bond, another of my distinguished guests.
65) 8) dialog: Unfortunately, he has a pressing engagement.
65) 12) dialog: My plane will get you to New York on time. With you excess luggage. (he laughs) Solo takes the briefcase and overcoat from the guard and into the car.
65) 14) dialog: My chauffeur's an excellent driver. You will be at the airport in a few minutes. Oddjob gets in behind the wheel.
65) 15) dialog: Goodbye, Mister Solo. Some other time, perhaps...
65) 21) dialog: (grins slightly) So did I. PAN on him as he walks off. Bond and Pussy watch him go. Goldfinger heads for the stables.
67) 0) text: Pussy sits at a table with Goldfinger. A SERVANT sets min juleps in front of them.
67) 2) dialog: Your share of Operation Grand Slam will make you a very rich woman, my dear.
67) 4) dialog: You'll retire to England, I suppose? He continues stroking her hand.
67) 8) dialog: Yes, Kisch?
67) 10) dialog: Touts looking for racing tips.
67) 12) dialog: starts thinking.
67) 13) dialog: There is another possibility, however. Kisch, ask Mister Bond to join us. Kisch walks off. DOLLY IN on Pussy and Goldfinger. 113.
67) 14) dialog: (to Pussy) We were quite right to spare Mister Bond's life in Switzerland. If those gentlemen are his friends, let us convince them he needs no assistance. For their benefit, Pussy, let's make him as happy as possible. I suggest you change into something more suitable.
68) 2) dialog: (casually, gesturing) Ah, Mister Bond. Sit down, please. A mint julep? Traditional, but satisfying.
68) 5) dialog: You are unusually well informed, Mr. Bond. The servant approaches with Bond's drink on a tray.
68) 7) dialog: 
68) 8) dialog: American motorists kill that many every two years.
68) 10) dialog: Who mentioned anything about removing it? Bond stops drinking. Kisch leans back against a pillar be them, watching.
68) 13) dialog: Go on, Mister Bond.
68) 16) dialog: I prefer to call it an atomic device. It's small, but particularly dirty.
68) 18) dialog: Precisely.
68) 20) dialog: Fifty-eight, to be exact.
68) 22) dialog: I conservatively estimate ten times. 115. 116.
68) 24) dialog: Obviously.
68) 26) dialog: Oh the contrary, Mister Bond. The risk is all on your side. If the authorities should attempt to locate it, who knows where it might be exploded, eh? Perhaps the Polaris submarine pens at New London, Cape Kennedy, near the White House... But we are speculating idly. Operation Grand Slam will be successful. You will be there to see for yourself -- to closely for comfort, I'm afraid.
68) 27) text: Bond looks off. He sees the blue pickup truck returning. truck stops in front of the house. Goldfinger approaches it, followed by Bond.
68) 28) dialog: Forgive me, Mister Bond, but, uh, I must arrange to separate my gold from the late Mister Solo. Goldfinger approaches the pickup truck.
68) 30) dialog: Ah, very chic, Miss Galore. (to Bond) Don't you agree? Please entertain Mister Bond for me, Pussy. I'll join you both later. 117. He bangs on the back of the truck and walks off with it. Pussy crosses behind Bond and links an arm through his.
75) 4) dialog: Good morning, Mister Bond. For once you are exactly where I want you. Bond looks over at Pussy. She looks back at him, concerne then ahead at the fort. Guard push the trolley away from the chopper. The trolley bears a large silver cabinet. DOLLY BACK as the guards wheel it into the reception area other guards who man the doorway. Bond, Goldfinger, Oddjo Kisch and Ling follow. Ling unlocks the top of the cabine and gestures to the guards. Two guards open the top of the cabinet, revealing shieldi and controls. Ling sets his box on the shielding. Bond, Goldfinger and Oddjob look on. Ling takes a primer from the box and places it in a slot the controls. Goldfinger signals up to the control room. A guard nods, turns to a switchboard and looks down through a viewer.
76) 2) text: Bond, Oddjob and Goldfinger walk up to the trolley. Kisch unlocks the handcuffs from Oddjob's wrist. Meanwhile, Goldfinger looks hungrily to the side. TILT DO stacks of gold bars in a cage. Goldfinger looks up at Bon again. Kisch attaches the handcuffs to the trolley, then he and Oddjob walk away.
76) 3) dialog: (with a slight bow) Goodbye, Mister Bond. He signals to Kisch, who presses a button on the lift.
76) 6) dialog: Mister Ling, it is merely a matter of timing and...
77) 0) text: Army soldiers grab some of Goldfinger's guards from behin Other guards fire machines guns back at them. 132.
77) 9) dialog: He's one of them! So's the girl! I'll get her, you get the door open! The soldiers move forward. Goldfinger picks up a machine from a fallen guard and shoots them all in the back. 133. They all fall to the floor dead. Goldfinger sets down the machine gun, picks up his gold revolver and runs outside. explosion goes off just beyond the helicopter.
85) 2) dialog: aims his gun at Bond.
85) 3) dialog: I am glad to have you aboard, Mister Bond. 146.
85) 6) dialog: He walks closer to Bond.
85) 9) dialog: 
85) 10) dialog: In two hours, I shall be in Cuba. And you have interfered with my plans for the last time, Mister Bond. Goldfinger cocks the trigger. Bond looks up at him.
85) 12) dialog: I will deal with her later.
85) 14) dialog: At the moment, she is where she ought to be -- at the controls. Goldfinger gestures forward with the gun. Bond suddenly g his arm. He swings Goldfinger around, grabbing for the gu
85) 15) text: Bond and Goldfinger struggle over the gun.
85) 18) dialog: falls backwards. Bond jumps up and hits him in the chest.
85) 19) text: Bond hits Goldfinger in the chest again and grabs the arm holding the gun. Goldfinger flings his arms around Bond's torso.
85) 20) text: Bond and Goldfinger struggle over the gun. It fires.
85) 26) text: Goldfinger swivels and the suction pulls him legs-first t the window.
85) 27) text: The suction pulls Goldfinger's legs through the window. P over to his screaming face.
94) 12) dialog: 