50) 39) text: The laser beam switches off as Kisch walks down the steps the control room.
50) 42) text: As Bond lies in f.g. and Goldfinger looks on, Kisch appro the table. Bond looks up at Kisch, then Goldfinger, then Kisch. Kisc raises a large pistol and points it at Bond's chest. Goldfinger looks on smugly as Kisch aims. Kisch fires the pistol; it makes a thumping sound. Bond's head lowers to the tabletop. Goldfinger looks on with even greater smugness.
50) 43) text: We see the entire tableau -- Bond unconscious, Kisch besi him and Goldfinger looking on. FADE OUT.
63) 0) text: Kisch walks into Goldfinger's office, seen through the wi Goldfinger sits at a desk.
63) 1) dialog: They're all here, Mister Goldfinger.
67) 9) dialog: Two men in a car, with binoculars.
67) 17) dialog: He wants you. Bond gets up.
72) 4) dialog: puts on a gas mask and gets into the jeep.
73) 15) dialog: Chafoo! The ambulance backs up to the side door of the fort. Bond Oddjob stand nearby. The guards activate the laser, sending a red beam into th of the door. Bond and Oddjob step closer and watch. The b starts cutting across the top of the door. The guards aim it further along. Kisch watches. The beam keeps cutting. The guards aim it further to the side. Bond and Oddjob wa The beam reaches the other end of the door. Kisch signals to four guards with a chain. Two of them at it to the back of the ambulance and the other two run to fort's door A guard turns the laser off.
74) 0) text: The door falls to the floor and is dragged away by the ambulance. Kisch enters and moves to another door as guar run past him. Two guards take a trolley; another runs upstairs to a con room; another poses with a machine gun. The guards with t trolley run outside with it as Kisch presses a button and opens another door.
76) 2) text: Bond, Oddjob and Goldfinger walk up to the trolley. Kisch unlocks the handcuffs from Oddjob's wrist. Meanwhile, Goldfinger looks hungrily to the side. TILT DO stacks of gold bars in a cage. Goldfinger looks up at Bon again. Kisch attaches the handcuffs to the trolley, then he and Oddjob walk away.
77) 12) dialog: We're trapped. Oddjob steps back from the lift doors and turns to face h
77) 13) dialog: The bomb. I'll take the fuse out. Kisch runs for the lift. Oddjob blocks him and grabs his shoulders.
77) 14) dialog: Don't be a fool! You can be a hero. I'm not. Kisch breaks away and runs around the far corner of the walkway. Oddjob chases him.
77) 16) dialog: No! No! Bond looks up. Oddjob hurls Kisch over the railing, sending his body somersaulting down. Bond hears the crash of the body on the floor. He looks around the corner of the lift. He sees Oddjob up above looking down. Then he looks down.