23) 10) text: Goldfinger and Bond stand in f.g., with Oddjob and Hawkin standing in b.g. on opposite sides. Goldfinger leans down with his putter.
23) 15) text: Goldfinger hands his putter to Oddjob as Bond picks up th gold bar and gives it to Hawker.
23) 39) text: Bond swings at the ball, striking it cleanly across the fairway. Goldfinger watches it go. So does Oddjob.
23) 41) text: Smiling tightly, Bond crosses Goldfinger, who takes a clu from Oddjob and approaches the tee. Bond watches.
24) 9) dialog: PAN on him as he walks with a hand in his trouser pocket. stops walking. TILT DOWN to his legs as a ball rolls out his trousers onto the turf. He raises his arm.
24) 10) dialog: (calling) Aagh aagh!
24) 16) text: Goldfinger walks to Oddjob in f.g. Meanwhile Bond and Haw walk toward the trees in b.g., looking around. Goldfinger looks down at "his" ball, which lays inches fr the fairway. It is marked "Slazenger 1."
25) 0) text: Close shot of a marker that says "18." TRACK BACK as Goldfinger and Oddjob enter the teeing ground. Goldfinger reaches down with his ball.
27) 0) text: The gold Rolls Royce sits in f.g., beyond it Bond's Aston Martin. A number of statues adorn the clubhouse fagade. PAN on Oddjob as walks to the Rolls' trunk carrying Goldfinger's golf bag, revealing Bond dressed in a brown looking on with his hands in his pockets. Oddjob sets the in the trunk and backs away. DOLLY IN on Bond as he approaches the trunk. He takes a H from his pocket, primes it and plants it inside the trunk
27) 1) dialog: DOLLY BACK as he approaches again carrying a folded umbre Bond gently strokes the car's gold exterior as Oddjob set umbrella in the trunk then closes an inner casing and the outer casing. At the same time Goldfinger approaches from the clubhouse b.g. He now wears a formal brown suit and hat. Bond backs away from the car, hands in his pockets, and f Goldfinger.
27) 17) dialog: takes off his bowler hat, steps over to Bond and Goldfing and flings his hat at the statue. The hat flies through the air and crosses the statue, kno the head off. The head and hat land at the base of the statue.
27) 22) dialog: PAN on him and he returns to the car straightening his ha He passes behind the car to the driver's side. Meanwhile Goldfinger tears a check from his checkbook and hands it Bond.
28) 1) text: The car is on a hoist beneath an airplane and is being ra to the cargo hatch. PAN on a baggage handler driving by i cart containing four suitcases, one of which is gold-colo As the cart passes under the plane, DOLLY BACK to reveal Goldfinger and Oddjob approaching the steps to the passen compartment. Goldfinger motions to Oddjob, who hands their tickets toa STEWARDESS at the base of the steps, and the two of them up the steps.
30) 0) text: Oddjob drives. Goldfinger sits in back opening a newspape He scratches the side of his face.
36) 0) text: The Rolls is stopped at the flower stall, which is manned five children. Goldfinger and Oddjob get out of the car.
36) 1) text: Oddjob walks up to one of the children.
47) 26) text: - Bond looks over at Tilly then back at Oddjob. - Oddjob steps forward. - Bond rises and runs off. - WIDER ANGLE: PAN on Bond as he runs into the woods, the Oddjob comes into view. He strides forward, following, th Korean guard follows him.
47) 31) dialog: (giving orders to the others) Aagh! Aagh! The others step forward.
47) 32) text: The Koreans lift Tilly's body and carry it off as Bond ri Meanwhile Oddjob crosses in f.g. and picks up his hat.
49) 15) dialog: turns aside.
49) 17) text: Oddjob opens the door. Bond's head falls backwards from t seat, unconscious.
59) 17) text: Oddjob motions to Bond to get in the car. PAN on Bond as walks past him.
61) 0) text: TRACK BACK as Oddjob and the two guards escort Bond along corridor. The walls are made of stone and there are elabo wooden cross-beams. PAN over to reveal a GUARD opening a heavy metal cell doo There is a small barred window in it. Oddjob takes off hi hat and motions to Bond. Bond steps inside the cell.
66) 0) text: PAN on Oddjob's Cadillac as it drives by.
66) 13) dialog: drives serenely.
72) 3) dialog: Argh! Bond catches it and Oddjob climbs in beside him.
73) 13) dialog: alight from the back of the truck. 128.
75) 0) text: A group of collapsed soldiers lie in a jeep in f.g. asa helicopter flies across the fort. Bond and Oddjob look up it.
76) 2) text: Bond, Oddjob and Goldfinger walk up to the trolley. Kisch unlocks the handcuffs from Oddjob's wrist. Meanwhile, Goldfinger looks hungrily to the side. TILT DO stacks of gold bars in a cage. Goldfinger looks up at Bon again. Kisch attaches the handcuffs to the trolley, then he and Oddjob walk away.
77) 20) dialog: four stories above sees what he's doing and starts to run
79) 0) text: - Bond slides on his back along the floor, landing near another mechanized dolly loaded with gold bars. - WIDER ANGLE: Bond grabs a metal lever on the dolly as Oddjob watches in f.g. - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond pulls off the lever. - PAN on Oddjob as he positions himself to face him. - Bond approaches him, raising the lever, and swings it a head. Oddjob ducks, avoiding it. Bond raises the lever again. Oddjob grabs his arm and squeezes it and the lever drops. Then Oddjob grabs Bond under the arm. - WIDER ANGLE: Oddjob hurls him past the bomb. - Bond lands against the wall of the lift. - The timer ticks down from "147" to "145." - Oddjob grabs Bond again and throws him toward the side Bond falls. - Bond rolls over near a cage in the wall then rises. Odd lunges at him. Bond grabs Oddjob's arm in a judo hold and thrusts him toward the wall. 137. - CLOSER ANGLE: Bond presses Oddjob's shoulder against th wall but without effect. Oddjob replies with a judo-chop Bond's lower back. Bond gasps and releases his grip and Oddjob flings him backwards. - Bond lands against the cage in the side wall, breathles He sinks down against the bars breathing heavily. - Oddjob rises and smiles at him again. - Bond looks back exhausted. - Oddjob brings down another judo-chop. - His hand strikes Bond in the side. Bond doubles over. Oddjob grabs him around the neck and throws him at the ba wall. - Bond falls and slides toward the hat and smoldering cab - Bond comes to a stop, the hat right in front of him. Bo raises himself onto his elbow and looks up. - Oddjob approaches him. - Bond stares back. - The timer ticks down from "127" to "125." - Oddjob stops and gestures to Bond to get up. - Bond looks down at the hat and grabs it. - Oddjob suddenly looks concerned and takes a step back. - Bond rises with the hat. - PAN ON Oddjob as he stealthily backs to the side. - POV FROM INSIDE THE CAGE: Bond circles in front of Oddj who keeps backing away. - Oddjob backs up further toward the cage. - Bond moves forward with the hat. - Oddjob backs further away; the cage bars are now right behind him. - Bond hurls the hat at him. - Oddjob ducks. The hat sails past him and lodges between bars with a clang. Oddjob looks back at it. 138. - Bond looks at Oddjob. - Oddjob smiles back. - Bond keeps looking at Oddjob.
79) 1) text: - Oddjob turns to get his hat. - Bond looks down. - WIDER ANGLE: Bond suddenly dives and grabs the broken c as Oddjob reaches for his hat. - Oddjob grips the hat. - Bond touches the cable to a cage bar. - Oddjob screams as sparks fly from the hat and there is sizzling sound. - WIDER ANGLE: The sparks keep flying. Oddjob, still hold the hat, falls back against the cage bars as Bond keeps holding the cable against the bar, electrocuting him. - Bond rubs the cable against the bar. - LOW ANGLE: Oddjob falls forward and lands on his chest Bond watches from b.g. - Bond looks at Oddjob's body then jumps to his feet.