31) 54) dialog: ‘Brace for impact.’ Yes. The flight attendants all have the wonder of survival on their faces. And -- Skiles seems utterly at ease under the lights. Sully looks hemmed in. The one person at the dance who is hearing a different music. PULL BACK ALL THE WAY to reveal -- Sully has been watching his and the crews’ performance on Letterman, taped earlier that night, on his hotel room television. He holds his cell phone to his ear as it rings out.
31) 56) dialog: (on TV) No, not ever. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Donna begins the SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS over the PA while -- Sheila demonstrates in the front of the cabin and Doreen demonstrates at the back. All three work with practiced and professional enthusiasm. Almost -- NO ONE is paying attention.
38) 1) dialog: «+. please review the safety instruction card in the seat-back pocket in front of you... 80% of the passengers are mentally elsewhere. Reading magazines, catching a snooze.
38) 2) dialog: «+. your seat cushion serves as a flotation device...
40) 0) text: The flight attendants do final checks, buckle in, and then they feel the plane -- Halt on the tarmac. Donna checks her watch as Sheila joins her in the galley.
40) 2) dialog: Sheila, you know there’s only one way to depart LaGuardia on time.
40) 4) dialog: Fly out of JFK. They laugh.
74) 1) dialog: Jump. Jump! Barry takes off his shoes. And obeys. He jumps directly into the frigid water.
85) 0) text: Donna Dent is shouting/waving to the last remaining MALE PASSENGERS for assistance. And one of them makes it back to the 17th row. And scoops up -- Lucille Palmer into his arms. Diane trails behind as they all make their way to the exit.
100) 1) dialog: Captain, it’s time to go! We've got to get off this plane! Right now!
106) 0) text: The Thomas Jefferson ferry docks to MAYHEM. PRESS everywhere. POLICE trying to keep order amidst the madness. Passengers borrow cell phones from police and firemen to contact love ones immediately. Donna and Sheila continue to help passengers with blankets, comfort, attention. (CONTINUED)