11) 0) text: Sully and Skiles are sitting in a halogen-bright room, with two glasses of water in front of them. Next to them is MIKE CLEARY, their union rep. He’s 50s, black hair, intense bearing. Across the table from them are the 3 NTSB members. ELIZABETH DAVIS, late 40s, gentle face, BEN EDWARDS, 50s, a banker’s demeanor and focus, and CHARLES PORTER, mid- 40s, Marine-tough, who is beginning the session.
31) 9) dialog: He was simply following the QRH...
31) 18) dialog: Your union has been advised... ACARS data relayed that the left engine continued to turn throughout the flight.
31) 20) dialog: The evidence shows the left engine was at idle or sub-idle immediately following the bird strike.
31) 22) dialog: The left engine was lost in the crash, due to the extensive damage on touchdown, but we’1ll circle back to that. Let’s assume it was, aS you say, a dual engine loss due to bird strike...
31) 44) dialog: And once the investigation is complete, we’ll be able to share the actual computer simulations. For now, they remain confidential. We can’t afford a leak to the press. (beat) There’s been far too much talk in the press already. NTSB stands. The room is somber.
116) 2) dialog: «+. per the request of Captain Sullenberger, and the union, Airbus has agreed to link us via satellite to today’s piloted simulations.
125) 26) dialog: 
125) 30) dialog: The pilot who landed at Teterboro had 17 practice attempts. Before the simulation we just witnessed. All Sully can do is shake his head. (CONTINUED)
127) 5) dialog: For the record, this is the CVR of U.S. Airways Flight 1549, January 15th, 2009. (beat) Gentlemen, headsets. They all don their headsets. And the switch is flipped. Sully and Skiles close their eyes.
152) 6) dialog: I also wanted to let you know that the left engine was recovered late yesterday. Sully waits a beat. The monitors they have been watching come to life with VIDEO FOOTAGE... A massive crane lifts the LEFT ENGINE from the Hudson River. It dangles over the water, facing away. Its damage unseen. On the video, the LEFT ENGINE rotates TOWARD CAMERA. It is mangled and decimated from within and without.
152) 7) dialog: Extensive damage on both the guide vanes and fan blades of the engine. Five compressor blades were fractured and eight variable guide vanes... missing.
152) 9) dialog: As you testified, it was completely destroyed. The ACARS data was wrong. Sully and Skiles are transfixed by the video of the engine that almost got them killed.
152) 10) dialog: I'd like to add something on a personal note. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
152) 13) dialog: I can say with confidence, that after speaking with the rest of the flight crew, with bird experts and airplane engineers, after running all the scenarios and talking to each of the players... ...there is an X in this result. It’s you, Captain Sullenberger. Take you out of the equation and the math just fails.
152) 16) dialog: First Officer Skiles, is there anything you’d like to add? Anything you would have done differently, if you had to do it all again?