21) 29) dialog: (pre-lap) Why Captain Sullenberger made that fateful decision to turn the Hudson River into a runway, only he can answer... but we now know that it was the wrong choice...
22) 0) text: Sully’s in his sweats. “CBS News” is on, the volume peaked, replaying endless clips of the Miracle on the Hudson. On TV, KATIE COURIC stands by the Hudson River.
22) 1) dialog: «+. A choice that endangered the lives of all on board. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
22) 4) dialog: And while much of the country hails him as a hero, this new information will certainly change everyone's understanding of the so- called ‘Miracle on the Hudson.’ Sometimes fireworks only exist to disguise fraud. From the banks of the Hudson, I’m Katie Couric. CBS News. Sully jerks AWAKE. He’s lying down in the hotel room. But the TV has been OFF the entire time. In fact, it’s UNPLUGGED. He rubs his face, wishing he could get his hands inside his skull to silence his brain. The clock reads 12:41 AM. He picks up his phone several times. Half dials Lorrie. Quits. Finally picks up the hotel phone and dials an extension. Two rings until... INT. JEFF SKILES’ HOTEL ROOM - SAME TIME 26 Skiles is sitting in a chair next to his made bed, drinking a soda, eating a mini-bar Snickers. He grabs the ringing phone.
24) 0) text: KATIE COURIC and her camera crew.
24) 2) dialog: But choosing to land on the Hudson... there was still a big if... (CONTINUED)
24) 6) dialog: You were?
24) 8) dialog: How do you feel about people calling you a hero?
24) 10) dialog: The right man for the job, at the right time. You’ve been flying for nearly 40 years.
28) 0) text: Sully’s face, now 57, and moist with sweat. The Katie Couric interview is over. Lights get switched off, camera packed up. Katie’s long gone, and -- (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: WOLF PACK OF PAPARAZZI at the hotel door, as -- Sully exits the hotel where the Katie Couric interview just took place. His eyes show an unfamiliar reticence, and he scans the crowd for a familiar face. He finds one in -- LARRY ROONEY. 47, stocky, friendly, intense. He wears a U.S. Air uniform, snugly over a slight paunch. Larry waves from beside the car and Sully slowly makes his way through the mayhem. Larry pulls him free of the final strangers, into a vehicle. (CONTINUED)