50) 0) text: A MALE PILOT, 40, scattered whiskers, operates the copter, with two TOURISTS, a young FRENCH COUPLE on a honeymoon, in back. (CONTINUED)
59) 1) text: Sully runs deeper into Times Square and the SCROLL changes to an endless loop of “Flight 1549 CRASH. Pilot needlessly risks lives of all on board.” “Pilot error. Pilot error.” Sully runs harder and harder, trying to run out of his skin. But every step brings another flash. He heads west on 45th Street, away from the glare and cacophony. At Tenth Avenue... he turns, right, directly into a huge congregation of -- PIGEONS... The noise of their panicky flight, the gray black of their wings, shoot Sully back to the -- GEESE curtaining the jet’s windshield... (CONTINUED)
118) 0) text: Inside it looks exactly like the A320 cockpit. A square-jawed AIRBUS TEST PILOT, 35, in civilian clothing, buckles into the seat with a CO-PILOT beside him. And the flight begins. From inside the cockpit, the simulator shows a perfect graphic representation of the take-off from LaGuardia. Everything is precise.
122) 0) text: A NEW PILOT, a woman, and NEW CO-PILOT enter the simulator. Take off. Bird strike. Tremors. Chaos of the warning system every 5.7 seconds. The checklist. Attempt for Teterboro. The tension is just as thick. Full concentration. Last minute flaps and another -- Perfect landing on LaGuardia 1-3.
124) 0) text: THIRD TEST PILOT, a lanky 40-year-old man, slides into place confidently, with his Co-Pilot. A new target is chosen. Teterboro airport. Bird strike. CHAOS. The river beckoning, and 3rd Pilot yanks the plane into an extreme bank. (CONTINUED)
126) 0) text: The first Pilot and his Co-Pilot, who high-fived after their first run, re-enter the simulator. They fly this simulation with more confidence, barely reacting to the bird strike, no fear in their faces. Then they wait 35 seconds before returning to the airport. When they do, they -- CRASH. Coming up short, despite going full aft on the stick. The plane -- CARTWHEELS into the water just short of the runway. And is torn into pieces. The Pilot looks stunned.
126) 1) dialog: Let me run it again. Runway 2-2, with a right turn, is the better choice. Same Pilot. Same 35-second reaction-decision time. This attempt, a hard right turn to LaGuardia, almost like flying blind during the turn. This approach, the -- CRASH is worse. The plane nosedives, half into the water, half onto the edge of the runway. Splinters like a shattered bone.
151) 0) text: Lorrie is lying on their bed. Next to her is a large, opened FEDEX PACKAGE which held... SULLY’S SUITCASE, rescued from the wreckage of Flight 1549. Including his -- Pilot’s hat. Which Lorrie is cradling in her hands. Tears steal the rest of her speech.