15) 0) text: Driver finally makes the turn and stops outside the hotel. Cameras press up against the window, strobing Sully like a night at Studio 54. A BELLMAN opens the back door of the Town Car and the rush of noise is deafening. Sully has to yank it shut again to hear Lorrie. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: Sully, in a robe, with a beer in hand, is on the line.
34) 0) text: Three MEN in a hurry, racing toward a gate. ROB KOLODJAY, 60, handsome and rumpled in equal measure, tries to keep pace with the hurrying -- JEFF KOLODJAY, his son. Jeff is 31 and young De Niro good-looking. Keeping stride with Jeff is -- JIMMY STEFANIK, 27, a cousin, with close-cropped hair and a worried face.
34) 1) dialog: Jeff, we're not going to make it.
35) 12) dialog: Canceled, right? Ought to be.
37) 0) text: Sheila is preparing to close the main cabin door when -- Rob, Jeff, and Jimmy appear, just slip on. They walk down the aisle, squeezing by people jamming OVERSIZED BAGS into the overhead bins. Jeff starts heading further down the aisle.
37) 1) dialog: Where you headed? Jeff, we're here in 6.
37) 3) dialog: You can sleep here.
67) 0) text: Scuba cop MIKE DELANEY, 32, brown hair, easy manner, is hanging with his partner, ROBERT RODRIGUEZ, 35. The rest of the scuba cops are scattered throughout the break room.
78) 0) text: In row 6, Rob is screaming towards the back of the plane.
78) 1) dialog: Jeff! Jeffrey! The chaos blocks any visual contact. Jimmy dons a life vest and grabs one for his distraught uncle.
78) 3) dialog: Can you see Jeff?! We have to get him. Rob pushes into the aisle, tries to make it back towards Jeff. But the rush of people coming at him make passage impossible. Too many bodies, and Rob winds up pushed back into row 6.
82) 0) text: Rob and Jimmy squeeze out onto the wing. Followed by others. The center cannot hold.
82) 1) dialog: (overwhelmed) Jimmy. Jeff’s still in the plane. Rob makes a sudden move, heads back toward the plane. He tries to step over escaping passengers, but the wing is icy, the water too close, everyone coming towards him in waves. Jimmy finally gets a good grip and Rob fights against it.
82) 2) dialog: We're not... leaving him in there!
106) 3) dialog: Maybe he’s here, maybe he beat us somehow. There were a lot of boats... (yells out) Jeff! Stops to describe Jeff to police officers. And the swirl of humanity just makes it more exasperating.
107) 3) dialog: I couldn't find you, I couldn’t see you.
107) 5) dialog: You're okay? You’re not hurt?
107) 7) dialog: I love you.
111) 0) text: U.S. AIR Captain CARL CLARKE, tall, soft-spoken, 50, is walking down the hall with two big shopping bags. He's accompanied by hotel manager EVELYN MAY, late 30s, tall, lovely. They knock on rooms 311 and 313. Skiles exits one door, Sully the other. Skiles is showered and in a robe. Sully is still in his wet uniform, six hours after the landing.