76) 0) text: A 3-hole, deluxe shitter, with hinged doors in back. Swof takes a breath, opens the door, and uses the tongs to pul out the first 55-galion drum. It’s been spray painted wit names. Swoff recognizes one, which makes him smile, sort He pulls out the other two barrels and pours in diesel fu Just as Swoff starts to light the match MAJOR LINCOLN approaches. He's a pompous, no bullshit African-American walks with an ex-athlete’s stiffness.
76) 1) dialog: Hold it right there, marine.
76) 3) dialog: Stick one of those back in.
76) 5) dialog: I don't give a shit if they’re full of Chanel Number 5. I'm not walking to the other side of the perimeter for my morning glory. Major Lincoln disappears inside the shitter. As the door closes, Swoff takes out a box of matches and strikes one. He lights a fuse of detonating cord. It crac and hisses as it snakes toward the shitter. Swoff hits the deck and covers his head. BOOM! We register the explosion on his face. Bits and pie of the shitter rain down. Swoff smiles.
77) 0) text: Major Lincoln departs the utterly intact shitter.
77) 1) dialog: Thanks, Marine. I left you a little present. Revised Ist Draft - 4/20/04 by
114) 11) dialog: What the fuck frequency are you on? Swoff and Troy turn to see what the hell is going on. Maj Lincoln, the same Major who took a dump in Swoff's ready- burn shitter, is standing there, with a RADIOMAN and a PRIVATE, who carries a beach chair. MAJOR LINCOLN (cont ’d) I had to hump all the way over here. We got air. I’m calling it in.
114) 14) dialog: Tough break. But you were only going to waste one guy. Watch this, it‘1l blow your fucking mind. The Private opens the lawn chair. MAJOR LINCOLN (cont’d) (re: the chair} Bad knees. College football. Major Lincoln sits in the chair and nods to the Radioman, hands him the handset. Troy and Swoff can’t believe it. MAJOR LINCOLN (cont'd) You never know how many chances you’re gonna get to do this. Major Lincoln begins calling in the coordinates for the a strike.
116) 0) text: It’s later. Major Lincoln and his entourage have gone. Th airfield is a smoldering mess. We find Troy and Swoff in their hide, the light from the fires playing across their faces. We hear on their radio the orders and messages, th sounds of war. Far away. Finally Swoff turns to Troy.