4) 0) text: A TV screen. Bloody marines are pulled from the rubble in Beirut. BOY SWOFF (14) watches with his MOM and DAD.
7) 6) text: 2 said shit on your centract. This is the Marine Corps, not law fucking school. You believed zhe bullshit the recruiter told you. that’s not my fucking problem. (beat) Michaels. You know why I'm sending Michaels?
8) 0) text: Swoff is on a bus with other Marines, on his way to Camp Pendleton. He’s staring out the window.
13) 3) text: 12 SERGEANT FULLER (cont ‘d) You the pissant who tried to get out of -he United States Marine Corps with ex-fucking-lLax?
14) 6) text: Play it with your goddamn mouth. Sergeant Fuller makes bugle sounds. Ba-bu-da-da-da-da. Swoff begins to make the sounds with his lips. Sergeant Fuller pulls out a kazoo. SERGEANT FULLER(cont'd) Here. Now play "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star.” Swoff takes the kazoo and tries to play “Twinkle, .Twinkl Little Star.” Sergeant Fuller watches impassively. In the gathered formation marines begin to laugh. SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd) Stop, stop, stop. Jesus. Swoff lowers the kazoo. SERGEANT FULLER (cont'd) There isn’t a bugle job, you fucking moron.
15) 0) text: A large Hawaiian marine (GRAYCOCHEA) slowly unties Swoff, pulls the gag out. We recognize him as one of the guys holding Swoff down as he was branded.
16) 5) dialog: For their country, Gunny Hiers: To beat the Japs.
16) 7) dialog: The A-Bomb?
16) 10) text: GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cort‘d) Go ahead, laugh. Fur you use your fucking brain cr wi... is going to happen? Look the fuck around! Loox where you are! There's a moment of silence. Swoff looks around. Stupid Marine raises his hand. GUNNERY SERGEANT HIERS (cont'd) Jesus, speak up, this isn’t high school,
16) 11) dialog: (with enthusiasm) One day we'll be sitting on our own fucking bones?
16) 13) dialog: What a crock of shit. (beat) I can‘t walk another fucking step. Swoff looks over at a WEAK MARINE who is breathing hard, barely making it. What an ass hole.
16) 15) dialog: I'm going to find a hole and fall in it, break my fucxing leg, swear to God.
21) 11) text: 23 SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) Now the Major doesn’t want us recruiting so let’s just say a bird told you to start running more and lifting less. He hands Swoff some books and manuals. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) Maybe read some of these books on the history of sniping in between this college fuck shit. Swoff tries to balance the new books as he struggles to k some dignity on top of the john. Siek grabs the book Swof was reading. Examines it like an exotic animal. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) That's some heavy dope, Marine. (beat) I were you, I‘d show up. See if you're as smart as you think you are. He lets the door slam back in Swoff's face. Swoff picks u the sniper book, opens it.
22) 4) text: Affirmative. The Marine sniper weapon of World War II. He picks up another weapon. SERGEANT SIEK (cont’d) The M40 weapons system from Vietnam. A commercial Remington M700 with a heavy barrel equipped with the Redfield three by nine scope. And this-- He picks up a final weapon. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) --the M40Al. Made by our very own Marine Corps marksmanship training unit at Quantico, Virginia. The best sniper rifle in the world. One shot. One Kill. Out to twelve hundred meters. Identical M40A1’s sit on folding tables behind him, like laboratory specimens laid out for dissection. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) There is one such rifle on each of these tables. You may touch one, you may hold one, you may imagine what it would be like to own one... (child-like sing-song) »..but you can’t fucking have one. (back to normal voice) Not yet.
24) 0) text: Swoff watches Troy unpack his stuff. He lays it out in perfect order, as if his whole life was squared away long before he joined the Marine Corps. Swoff 1s also unpackin his things. They're not nearly so neat. Troy takes out a photo of an attractive woman in a Marine Corps uniform.
25) 0) text: In full camouflage face paint, Sergeant Siek addresses th STA hopefuls. Swoff is in the front row. He’s beginning t get into this now. c SERGEANT SIEK Your mission is to kill me. My mission is to kill you first. If 1 win, you go back to the grunts. If, by chance, one of you pathetic shit-heads wins, there’s a remote possibility you might one day become a sniper. But in case any of you are thinking, Sergeant Siek’s on my side; he’s my friend, he wants me to succeed. Grow the fuck up. I want each and every one of you to fail. Because if you-- He points to Stupid Marine. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) --canh become a sniper, what does that make me? Any questions?
25) 1) dialog: Those paintball bullets, they hurt? Siek smiles that Cheshire Cat smile. c Revised lst Draft ~ 4/20/04
25) 2) text: Pow!! Stupid Marine is hit right in the head. A rose of p blooms om his forehead, then he falls, screaming.
25) 3) dialog: Shit! Fuck! I can't see!
31) 0) text: A blow up doll, weights, a wet bar, a big screen TV, and around it are gathered the Marines of the STA Platoon all silently watching.
48) 0) text: Out of a mailed package Swoff pulls a small white T-shirt with the Marine Corps emblem, the shirt his mom had made him. It's full of memories of Kristina, so far away. Swof feels the shirt, holds it to his face, smells it.
48) 14) text: The first ones go to the Marines € whe get the least mail. That's you, Cortez. He starts handing out letters.
49) 0) text: The Wall of Shame. A big board between two posts in front the mess hall, its every square inch covered with photogr of women stuck up with duct tape. And on each piece of du tape the betrayed marine has written his tale of woe. Swoff watches as the others help Welty duct tape the photograph of his fiancee to the wall. Kuehn hands Welty magic marker,
59) 0) text: cU on Swoff as he thinks about Kristina. He rides with hi STA buddies in an open Humvee through the gates of a vast rear area: barbed wire perimeter with watch towers, barra stretching over the sand, a logistical warehouse. There is a spooky feeling about this place; as if these barracks and facilities were always here, waiting for the They pass shacks where Egyptians sell candy and sodas. Marines stroll about looking cool and clean. A Muezzin chants the call to prayer over loud speakers. All activit in the soda and candy shacks cease: out come the Egyptian falling prostrate in prayer. We register all this on Swoff's face.
62) 0) text: Rows of phones. Marines talk to wives, girlfriends, mothe Troy is deep in conversation with his fiancee. Swoff has a phone in his hand.
64) 0) text: In a group of marines, Swoff watches Platoon on a big TV screen. Tom Berenger has his pistol at the Vietnamese woman's head, screaming at her to talk. The images of the video reflect off Swoff's face. Suddenly, there is a click and instead of the war movie, are watching a homemade porn flick. A man whose face is i shadow is doing bizarre things to a woman in a hood. The room erupts in cheers. Just as the woman comes to org with loud shrieks, A MARINE jumps up and screams.
64) 1) dialog: That’s my wife! That’s my wife fucking the neighbor! A goddamn Squid! Everyone starts to laugh, but the man continues to scream see Swoff, not laughing, but disturbed: this is his own w nightmare about Kristina, playing right on the screen. BETRAYED MARINE (cont'd) You fucking bitch! You slut! He screams and begins to cry. The movie jerks to a stop. Lights come on. Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04
64) 3) text: oL Some of his buddies wrestle the Betrayed Marine out. He's Still screaming as the docr slams behind him. In the movie room there is a moment of absolute silence. Swoff stares at the now closed door.
71) 0) text: Troy leads Swoff past rows of office marines working on m Swoff’s a little reluctant.
109) 0) text: A convoy snakes across the desert: TANKS, APC’s, 5-TONS jammed with Marines. We see Swoff and Troy in the midst of this firepower.
115) 1) text: al Jets scream over. BOOM! The whole control tower disappear Black smoke pours out where the tower was. American tanks assault the airfield. The tanks maneuver, fire, maneuver. Dirt clouds mushroom in the desert. Iraqis fire their 50's. BOOM! One of the quad 50’s is blown up. Marines spread out on line, pouring out of the APC's. A few Iraqis drop their weapons and begin to run. More jets arrive, dropping high white phosphorous.
116) 6) text: You haven’t fucked up. Katrina’s still there for you. You come back, big tough marine in those dress blues, medals all over your chest, you think she'll stay with a fucking clerk??
126) 0) text: .-Men lying naked on sleeping pads, in the light of the burning wells. Weapons and rucks and uniforms are strewn about the camp. A wild football game is in progress. Sergeant Siek is handing out cigars and dancing shirtless playing a kazoo. The Who is piping through the conm tower That's the weird sound they heard. Other men burn their chemical weapons suits in a huge bonfire. And that’s the Pillar of black smoke they saw. Some Marines roast marshmallows in the tlames. Others tos Frisbees. A few play poker and shoot craps in the firelig Troy and Swoff can't believe it.
127) 0) text: In full combat gear, Swoff and Troy walk into the celebration. Naked Marines dance around them. The contras between Swoff and Troy with their weapons and combat gear intense. Siek comes up with a big smile.