1) 2) text: cf 5.1. Burke points at THREE RECRUITS lined up to one side, +1xe outcasts.
1) 4) dialog: Sex with a minor, sir. Swoff and the others are getting really tired. Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
2) 0) text: Sweating and nervous, Swoff desperately tries to draw the footlocker on the blackboard. In the b.g. Burke runs the other recruits around the squad bay backwards, shouting cadence. They stumble and fall all over themselves.
2) 12) text: ws ir,-- (Slap) --the recruit-- {Slap) ~-can’t read while-- (Slap) --the Drill Instructor-- (Slap) --is hitting-- (Slap) -~-his head.
7) 6) text: 2 said shit on your centract. This is the Marine Corps, not law fucking school. You believed zhe bullshit the recruiter told you. that’s not my fucking problem. (beat) Michaels. You know why I'm sending Michaels?
21) 11) text: 23 SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) Now the Major doesn’t want us recruiting so let’s just say a bird told you to start running more and lifting less. He hands Swoff some books and manuals. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) Maybe read some of these books on the history of sniping in between this college fuck shit. Swoff tries to balance the new books as he struggles to k some dignity on top of the john. Siek grabs the book Swof was reading. Examines it like an exotic animal. SERGEANT SIEK (cont'd) That's some heavy dope, Marine. (beat) I were you, I‘d show up. See if you're as smart as you think you are. He lets the door slam back in Swoff's face. Swoff picks u the sniper book, opens it.
35) 6) text: That makes Swoff laugh. SWOFF . I dropped out of high school, tried to join when ZI turned 17. But my dad, he told the recruiter, {imitating Dad) "No way I'm signing that unless you guarantee you won’t get my boy Tony killed.”
55) 25) text: SWOFF (V.0.) (cont'd) we're fucking the sand and the bad food and the fuckhead peaceniks bac. nome; we're fucking ourselves for signing the contract, for listening to the soothing lies of the recruiters, for letting them call us buddy and pal and dude, luring us into this life of loneliness and boredom and fear. The field fuck subsides. Kuehn gets up.