22) 0) text: swoff is in a room full of scout/sniper hopefuls, includi WELTY, FOWLER, VEGH, and, looking confident, TROY. Troy i small man, but he oozes competence and confidence. Sergea Siek holds up a stuffed bird by its feet.
28) 2) text: Swoff stands smiling with Vegh, Welty, and Fowler, ail of whom passed with him. But standing in front, the honor graduate, is Troy. Siek walks down in front of them, his face on. Then he smiles himself.
39) 8) dialog: Yeah, we're here to fight for freedom. WELTY is the corpsman. He has an innocence about him, a softness around the corners of his face.
39) 10) dialog: You saw that picture. Those were kids, man.
48) 8) dialog: Doesn’t she have her own clothes? They stare at Welty; are you nuts?
48) 28) dialog: Come on, give it to me. Troy smells it.
48) 41) text: 45 Escobar helps Welty up.
49) 0) text: The Wall of Shame. A big board between two posts in front the mess hall, its every square inch covered with photogr of women stuck up with duct tape. And on each piece of du tape the betrayed marine has written his tale of woe. Swoff watches as the others help Welty duct tape the photograph of his fiancee to the wall. Kuehn hands Welty magic marker,
49) 2) dialog: She was my fiancee, with my brother now... Swoff looks at a photograph of a woman with a young boy, examines the writing on the duct tape. He hears the voice the marine whe wrote it.
53) 8) dialog: It’s a hundred and twelve degrees.
58) 36) dialog: Everyone loves to get over on the jarhead. Everyone. They know Welty means it. He‘s still numb from losing his fiancee to his brother. Revised ist Draft - 4/20/04
84) 0) text: The squad is riding in an open Humvee down the highway. s and Troy have just told the Bedouin story. Welty, Fowler the others are laughing.
127) 4) dialog: Fuck! Bitch! He screams and fires. Troy takes his rifle, fires it once Grins. This is great. He fires some more, and starts to scream. Swoff watches them all go crazy. And then suddenly his fa changes, he gives himself permission. And now he is firin too, firing and screaming. They all are. Firing from the hip. Not even aiming. Ejected cartridges fill the air, gleaming in the firelignt like fireflies. Machine guns kick in now. Tracers etch the sky like light pens. They're dancing now, on one foot then on the other, firin their weapons and dancing in circles like pagans around a fire. Screaming. Laughing. Weeping.
132) 3) text: Welty stumbles out of a a bar girl om his arm. 2pino bar, blinxing in the light, Revised lst Draft - 4/20/04 117
138) 0) text: We see the faces of Fergus, Kuehn, Welty, Escobar, Fowler Vegh, all much changed, and finally Swoff, looking down i a casket.