78) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT from across the enormous room, as we see the silhouette of a man waiting by himself. Reverend Mother then hurries into the room to greet him. MOMENTS LATER they are seated across a small table from one and other, a tea set placed between them. ARCHBISHOP McCARTHY is also so exquisitely powerful and composed, while Reverend Mother actually seems a bit nervous and fidgety.
78) 1) dialog: So how are you Marie? You well? You seem a bit on edge...
78) 3) dialog: Do you know why I’m here?
78) 5) dialog: You have no idea why I’m here?
78) 7) dialog: Let’s put it like this- I’ve been hearing a lot recently, about how this order in particular, is having difficulty embracing some of the changes put forth by the Second Vatican Council, Vatican II?... Now you tell me, is that accurate? Suddenly Reverend Mother seems even more fidgety.
78) 9) dialog: And would you care to elaborate on that? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 74.
78) 11) dialog: How amusing. I think you’re the only one who missed the subtext there. For most of us, the word “suggestion” is understood as synonymous with “obligation”.
78) 13) dialog: No, we're not done.... What exactly are you having the most difficulty with? Why don’t you lay it out for me.
78) 15) dialog: You really expected them to have a voice, the sisters?
78) 17) dialog: Marie, come on....
78) 19) dialog: Now are you still encouraging all your Postulants and Novices to perform extreme penances on themselves? All that old medieval stuff?.. Because that’s gotta stop. Reverend Mother just shakes her head.
78) 21) dialog: Like I said, it’s gotta stop... And as for the rest of Rome’s recommendations- I just hope you’ll keep an open mind, try to see them all together as part of a larger theme. The theme is change, adaptation, spiritual evolution.... Do me a favor, just try and open your mind to this. Otherwise, I may “suggest” we find a replacement for you. The Archbishop then slowly rises and starts to head for the door. But just as he reaches it, he turns back.
78) 22) dialog: You know you really should smile more...
78) 24) dialog: You should smile more, women are so much prettier when they smile. Reverend Mother just glares.
78) 26) dialog: Is there a difference? And now she glares at him even harder.