3) 0) text: Moving one by one into a number of the private rooms, called “Cells”, that make up the dorm. A variety of YOUNG WOMEN- Sisters CHARLOTTE, EMILY, CANDACE - Are suddenly JOLTED awake once the clapper lands at their door! They all quickly bolt from their beds, shake off the drowsiness and hurry to the floor to pray. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING Before in one room in particular, containing no more than a simple metal frame BED and an ICON OF CHRIST along the wall, we find SISTER CATHLEEN - A stunning and ethereal young novice of only 19. Cathleen’s also already wide awake, eyes wide open and staring straight at the door. As the sound of the clapper then reaches Cathleen, she too hurries from her bed to the floor. A gentle call then emanates in from the hall.
5) 0) text: The sound of the BELL chimes even louder, as the same group of novices now wordlessly walk in two tight lines through the hazy morning light of the courtyard. They are moreover such an exquisite looking procession, almost military-like in their lock and step unison. They seem to all move together like a balletic flock of birds. Somewhere tucked into the line we also observe Cathleen, demonstrating such composure in her ‘Custody of the eyes’: With arms softly crossed along her stomach and each hand hidden in the opposite sleeve. With eyes perpetually lowered and locked, in a blink-less downward gaze. Beat.
6) 3) text: They think of nuns today, and all they see is a bunch of old women... Women who couldn’t find husbands. Women who, for whatever reason, just couldn’t make it in the outside world. So ran off to a monastery to escape everything... We then finally land on Cathleen, just as her eyes glance up with such longing at the altar. She just stares straight up at it, while all other heads around her are bowed.
6) 4) dialog: What they don’t understand though, is beneath everything else... We were women in love. Cathleen then finally closes her eyes, giving herself over to prayer. She whispers.
6) 11) text: It’s Sunday morning with the church bell ringing, calling this small Tennessee town to Mass. An exterior of the local clapboard CHURCH reveals a small stream of arriving locals, smiling and greeting each other along the way. Before A CAR pulls up, and.... NORA HARRIS (35)- Cathleen’s somewhat hard scrabbled, though deeply loving and devoted mother. Together with a much younger, CATHLEEN (7)- Both step out into the parking lot. Nora looks around for a moment, checks the car mirror for any lipstick in her teeth, before she finally glances up at the church with a noticeable air of skepticism and anxiety.
7) 0) text: Entering mid-sermon, a LOCAL PRIEST stands addressing a small but packed house, Nora and Cathleen squeezed into the crowd.
8) 1) text: Inside their cramped little home, Nora and Cathleen sit together at the kitchen table. A cigarette dangling from Nora’s mouth, as she spoons out veggies on their plates.
8) 4) dialog: Yeah, I did.
8) 6) dialog: I don’t know? I guess I just thought it was peaceful.
8) 8) dialog: What kind of Church was it again?
8) 10) dialog: Are we Catholic?
9) 0) text: And now CHUCK HARRIS, 35 - Nora’s deadbeat husband and Cathleen’s barely present father - Finally comes through the door. Not only that but right from the moment he enters, we can already tell there’s no place this guy less enjoys being than home. Chuck heads straight for Cathleen, hugging and kissing her. It’s unclear if he’s drunk or not.
9) 2) dialog: Daddy! Where were you! We were waiting for you for so long! Where were you! All while Nora just stares with daggers in her eyes..
11) 0) text: The late summer sun blazes as a now older Cathleen - 12 years old - Stands beside Nora, helping her mom as they hang a load of laundry together. Fussing with a clothes pin, Nora’s eyes then slowly do a double take noticing the bizarre sight of these two ELDERLY NUNS- Sisters GLORIA AND ELEANOR, both 50's - Making their way straight up to her house.
12) 0) text: A LITTLE LATER in their family living room, Nora scrambles to lay out her best tea seat for the Sisters. While Cathleen sits quietly beside her mother, just staring at the nuns in awe.
15) 0) text: It’s recess hour on another day. Though as all the other girls run and play, Cathleen just sits by herself against a tree. Somewhat of a loner. Another teacher, a rather attractive young nun of roughly 30, then gradually approaches. SISTER MARGARET- Not only one of the ‘cooler’ teachers at school, but a woman whose very presence exudes an ocean of understanding.
15) 2) dialog: (shyly) Huh? They’re all talking about their boyfriends. I don’t have a boyfriend...
15) 5) dialog: (surprised) You have? 15.
15) 7) dialog: (self-conscious) I guess so...
15) 9) dialog: You do? About what?
15) 11) dialog: I don’t think it’s silly.
16) 0) text: Now inside the school’s tiny chapel, votive candles illumine the altar, highlighting a tiny WOODEN HOUSE and a HALO of GOLD LIGHT. A TALL STATUE OF CHRIST looms proudly in the corner. The door to the chapel then opens, with Sister Margaret quietly leading Cathleen inside and into a pew. Sister Margaret stares at the altar in a strange sort of reverential silence, then whispers to Cathleen. 16.
16) 2) dialog: I know who they are. But why are you showing this to me?
16) 4) dialog: But you really think God and Jesus are real? Like real the way other things are real?
16) 6) dialog: Huh? What do you mean? But why, I bet you could've married anyone you wanted to?
16) 10) dialog: If it’s okay by you Sister, maybe I‘11l stay a bit. If that’s okay? Margaret nods, then quietly heads out. Cathleen waits, turns again towards the statue and the flame.
17) 0) text: MUCH LATER now, the chapel is completely dark and seemingly empty. That is except for Cathleen, who continues to just sit all alone in the pews, unable to take her eyes off the altar. She pauses a moment, then puts her hands together and starts to pray. It’s clear she’s never done this before, but it seems to come naturally.
18) 0) text: Before in the exact same position and as if the prayer itself had never ended, we see a much OLDER Cathleen- Sitting in the same very pew with the very same rapt look on her face. Though now it’s 1962, and Cathleen 17. An OLD WOMAN seated in a front then starts to walk out of the Chapel, nodding and smiling at Cathleen as she passes, who nods and smiles back.
18) 2) dialog: See you later Miss Williams.
19) 0) text: It’s well before the crack of dawn as Cathleen wanders through her house, trying not to wake Nora. She’s then suddenly startled to discover a STRANGE MAN by himself in their living room, in the middle of pulling up his pants. Shocked, Cathleen just lowers her eyes, tries not to look at the man as she passes.
19) 1) dialog: Hi. 18. Clearly startled, this guy can’t wait to get out of there. NORA’S ONE NIGHT STAND Oh hey, how are you?
20) 0) text: We hear the sound of the front door SLAM, as Cathleen then enters the kitchen, surprised to discover Nora there, just staring out the window smoking a cigarette as she watches him go.
20) 1) dialog: Who was he? Nora turns, startled.
20) 3) dialog: (under her breath) Another one? Nora just looks at Cathleen and frowns. Beat.
20) 5) dialog: I set my alarm early, so I could go to Mass before school. Slightly taken aback, Nora tries not to show judgement.
20) 7) dialog: No, it’s okay. Thanks though. Cathleen then starts to head back down the hall, before Nora thinks it over and calls out to her again.
20) 9) dialog: Yeah? 19.
20) 11) dialog: Huh? What do you mean?
20) 13) dialog: (unconvincing) Yeah, of course, I know.
21) 0) text: In the Chapel again, Cathleen returns to her daily practice of just sitting in church, meditating in the pews. We hold on her like this for a LONG moment. Before gradually a feeling comes over her, and she slowly turns almost as if called by something, to look toward the STATUE OF CHRIST. Barely even blinking, Cathleen then rises from the pews and begins to walk straight to the statue. Moments later as she now stands face to face with it, she looks straight into Christ’s eyes, while his seem to look back at hers, and almost as if she and the statue are sharing their own secret conversation. Cathleen takes a deep breath, tears begin to well in her eyes.
22) 0) text: Sitting across the desk from Sister Margaret in her office, Cathleen seems almost breathless as she tries to explain.
22) 1) dialog: I decided something today Sister. I decided I want to give myself to God. I want to be married to God like you. I want to be a nun. Sister Margaret looks shocked for a minute, then smiles. 20.
22) 3) dialog: I was in the chapel the other day, praying like I always do, when suddenly this feeling came over me. Something I’ve never felt before. Like this presence all around me, telling me, telling me... Sister Margaret continues looking at her, searching her eyes.
22) 5) dialog: I think so... Sister Margaret smiles.
23) 0) text: Later in the night Nora and Cathleen are now alone in their living room. Cathleen just watches as Nora paces back and forth, seeming about to explode.
23) 2) dialog: I knew you wouldn't understand! It’s fine if you don’t understand... 21.
23) 4) dialog: But it’s not throwing my life away! It’s not throwing my life away!
23) 6) dialog: What does that have anything to do with it! This decision doesn’t have anything to do with that! It just has to do...
23) 8) dialog: I’m in love, okay, I’m in love!!! And I really don’t care if you understand it or not!
23) 11) dialog: Mom I’m sorry, but I was called and I’m going to be a nun and there’s nothing you can do to stop me! I wish you could just be happy for me! But Nora just stares at Cathleen, baffled. Before her voice then suddenly gets much, much, much quieter. 22.
26) 0) text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS, most of them fresh out of school, all sit around whispering and waiting. 23. As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to begin the first stage of their training as nuns. Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all, are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet, giving an occasional “Shhhhh”.... Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56- A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style, who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere presence so halting and domineering, as to already put the fear of God in these girls. Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room, looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why.... Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
41) 0) text: Another BELL, before we look out to the courtyard and see all the postulant girls take off in flight!! Running like kids, laughing and chasing each other in a game of tag. At the same time Cathleen, somewhere off from the others, sits alone in the colonnade and reading the bible. She hears the joyful SHRIEK of all her postulant mates playing, turns and looks for a moment, then immediately goes back to her studying.
45) 0) text: The sun begins to set over the convent, as we find Cathleen alone in the courtyard, so diligently, attentively, practicing her Custody of the Eyes. Her concentration is almost spooky, as we hear her voice whisper in...
46) 0) text: Inside the convent’s family waiting area, Nora sits beside a number of other PARENTS, all very wholesome looking married couples. She seems nervous already, her first visit since Cathleen left home. Not too mention being the only single parent doesn’t help. A DOOR at the back of the room then opens, as another set of PARENTS step out. A NUN on duty then motions to Nora that it’s her turn to enter.
47) 0) text: As she’s now brought into the adjoining room, Nora looks up surprised to see a large METAL GRATE running down the center of the room, with Cathleen there waiting on the other side. It’s an eerie sort of set up, not unlike what you might expect to find in a prison. 39. Cathleen and Nora smile awkwardly between the grate, it’s a strange sort of reunion, both of them having missed each other so much, neither of them knowing quite what to say. They sit down.
50) 0) text: Along the floor of the Postulant hallway, Cathleen and Sister Sissy now sit together whispering.
53) 0) text: It is early evening as we again find Mary Grace alone in the chapel again, not praying but just staring vacantly. Suddenly the doors open, Cathleen enters as Mary Grace immediately turns, somewhat startled.
62) 0) text: The music then begins to grow louder, harkening the feeling of something so divine and exalted. Somewhere amidst the pews, Nora pushes up on her toes, leaning her head over shoulders, then turns her head to see.... The entire immaculate procession of new brides, Cathleen and her fellow postulants, all dressed in gowns and veils, so slowly and deliberately to make their way down the aisle. Such a stunning and beautiful procession. 58. We also hold on the face of each girl as they pass, peering into each of their eyes through the veil, as they all maintain their Custody so regally and exquisitely. MOMENTS LATER all these budding brides are finally knelt together in a line at the altar. A celestial light outlining and silhouetting them, bathing them almost. The back turned Priest then recites;
63) 0) text: Back in the atrium, the group of new Novices still in wedding dresses are now all lined up, anxiously awaiting something. As we move slowly down the line, from one girl to the next, we then discover that what they’re all waiting for is to have all their hair shorn off by an older, SCISSOR- WIELDING NUN. Many girls also can’t help but tremble and shake, as they lower their heads to be met by the blunt scissor. Finally Cathleen comes to the front on the line, bends down before the scissors.
72) 0) text: On a sunny afternoon, Sister Cathleen and Sister Emily sit alone together, in a tall field of swaying grass.
74) 0) text: Returning to another Chapter of Faults, the room is dead silent as Reverend Mother just looks around at all the girls, her eyes moving from girl to girl. Her eyes then finally land on Cathleen.
75) 0) text: Gazing at the cloister from a distance, the first MORNING BELL begins to chime. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING Seeming as if she has been up all night, and so wracked with guilt and worry- Cathleen is knelt beside her bed, struggling to pray.
76) 0) text: In the midst of morning Mass, the novices are all seated together in their pews. As the Priest then beckons the entire congregation to pray, we focus on Cathleen who's still so distracted she forgets to lower her head. Seated beside her, Sister Charlotte notices and gently nudges her. Cathleen looks up confused. Charlotte then shoots her a look like, “Everyone's praying.”
77) 0) text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt. Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the only one who notices. As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and untouched. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head. Reverend Mother turns, confused.
81) 0) text: Back in the dining hall and while everyone around her eats, Cathleen just stares down poking and picking at another PLATE OF FOOD. Emanuel again, seems to be the only one that notices. Cathleen then happens to catch Emanuel looking at her, who quickly turns away. It’s awkward. INT. REV. MOTHER’S HALLWAY - AFTERNOON Looking down the long hallway, Cathleen sits alone on the bench outside Reverend Mother's office, waiting. We move in CLOSER on her clearly anxious expression. Then to her HANDS, fussing and fidgeting in her lap. Finally the door to Reverend Mother’s office opens with Reverend Mother peeking out. She turns to Cathleen.
81) 7) dialog: No, I know... I broke Grande Silence twice this week.... I was also uncharitable to one of my sisters when I didn’t mean to be. Now Reverend Mother looks at Cathleen with more interest, as if actually noticing her for the very first time.
82) 0) text: On a beautiful sunny afternoon, Cathleen sits on a bench by herself reading the Bible. Suddenly Sister Genevieve then walks across the courtyard to her.
83) 0) text: Following behind Genevieve, Cathleen starts towards the main nun’s door of the Family Room, but then Genevieve stops her, motioning elsewhere.
84) 0) text: As Cathleen enters, she immediately sees Nora standing there and waiting, wearing an odd expression. And we can tell Cathleen’s not happy about it. She slowly walks to her mom, with Nora at once trying to hug her. But instead Cathleen freezes.
84) 10) dialog: Mom, I’m fine.... Please, I haven’t lost that much weight...
84) 12) dialog: I’m fine, okay. I have to go now... I’m sorry about Dad, I really am. I’1l pray that God meets him in grace, okay...
84) 14) dialog: I’m sorry, I have to go okay. She then immediately turns and leaves, not looking back for a second.
85) 0) text: As Cathleen looks down to her plate to see a large hunk of highly unappetizing meatloaf staring back at her, we can tell how incredibly difficult this is for her. We then notice Sister Genevieve across the room staring straight at her, watching her like a hawk. Cathleen fully aware she’s being watched. Ever so slowly, Cathleen then finally begins to eat. She does so deliberately, one bite after another. One bite after another. One bite after... Before all out of nowhere, Cathleen suddenly starts gagging and grabbing at her stomach, literally doubling over! She gets up to try and excuse herself but immediately falls to the floor, coughing and dry heaving, as her stomach tries to force her food back up. All the other novices instantly rush over to try and help. HARD TO BLACK.
87) 0) text: Inside a small infirmary room we come to a CLOSE UP on Cathleen fast asleep, little sheets of rain from the window outside, reflecting over her face. After a moment, a vague shadow then passes over her face. Now Cathleen suddenly jolts awake, shocked to see none other than Sister Emanuel standing over her. She stares at Emanuel for a long moment, unsure if she’s dreaming.
88) 0) text: Yet again we watch all the novices, in their silent, exquisite, and disturbingly precise procession, make their way through the convent grounds towards morning Mass. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING Alone in her office, Reverend Mother stares silently out the window, just watching the Novices with an oddly sad expression. We then look down to the window to another mysterious and ominous ENVELOPE placed in front of her. INT. CATHLEEN’S INFIRMARY ROOM - AFTERNOON With her head resting sideways on the pillow, Cathleen slowly opens her eyes and looks across the room to see Emanuel on the floor praying. Cathleen just watches for a moment, oddly fascinated. Before Emanuel turns and Cathleen pretends she wasn’t watching.
89) 0) text: Back in the infirmary, we hold a tight CLOSE UP on * Emanuel as she reads out loud to Cathleen. *
93) 0) text: Back in the infirmary it is now very late at night. Cathleen tosses and turns in bed for a moment, then sits up, staring pensively off into the darkness.
95) 0) text: We hear the sound of the mid afternoon bell, as Cathleen is now walking by herself back through the colonnade. At the same time and coming in the opposite direction, is Sister Emanuel. Cathleen and Emanuel then cross in the middle, all while both maintain such rigidity in their ‘Custody of the Eyes’, it’s hard to tell if they even see each other. Then suddenly Cathleen stops, turns and looks at Emanuel.
97) 0) text: With the now only few remaining NOVICES all gathered in the chapel atrium beside a small RACK OF AWAITING WEDDING DRESSES, suddenly Cathleen, Evelyn and Candace hurry in. Fussing with the dresses, Sister Anne looks up and glares at them.
98) 0) text: Night falls over the Convent, as we hear the sound of the Grande Silence BELL ring out over the landscape. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - EVENING Alone in her room, Cathleen is knelt down upon her floor, softly and intimately praying. A halo of light outlines her face.
98) 2) text: She then pauses, trying so hard to listen for him. Just trying and trying and trying, to no avail. MOMENTS LATER Cathleen again begins to carefully undress out of her habit, preparing to change into her nightgown. All in the same meticulous and ritualistic fashion we've seen before. Reaching down for her nightgown however, suddenly the small CROSS that has hung on her wall all this time, falls onto the floor. Almost like magic, or perhaps this is the sign she asked for. Cathleen just looks at the cross with a vacant expression. Before she drops all of her clothes, suddenly standing stark naked. Cathleen walks naked across the room to pick up the cross, lays it on her dresser, then walks out of frame. Music drifts in......
100) 0) text: The remaining group of second year novices, a mere 5 in total, are all lined up and clothed in their wedding dresses. They wait to have their veils attached. Cathleen makes her way to the head of the line, as an elder sister reaches up to attach her veil too.
101) 0) text: Music fills in even louder, as the ceremony has finally begun. With the doors to the chapel opening, all the novices make their way toward the altar, all in perfect single file, keeping such exquisite custody of the eyes, just as we've seen them before. Nora turns to look at Cathleen, a somewhat sad yet resigned expression in her eyes. The procession then all kneel together before the altar, softly bathed in a radiant sort of light that outlines their bodies like a halo. For the very first time with his faced turned and looking directly at the congregation, the Priest then begins: