3) 0) text: Moving one by one into a number of the private rooms, called “Cells”, that make up the dorm. A variety of YOUNG WOMEN- Sisters CHARLOTTE, EMILY, CANDACE - Are suddenly JOLTED awake once the clapper lands at their door! They all quickly bolt from their beds, shake off the drowsiness and hurry to the floor to pray. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING Before in one room in particular, containing no more than a simple metal frame BED and an ICON OF CHRIST along the wall, we find SISTER CATHLEEN - A stunning and ethereal young novice of only 19. Cathleen’s also already wide awake, eyes wide open and staring straight at the door. As the sound of the clapper then reaches Cathleen, she too hurries from her bed to the floor. A gentle call then emanates in from the hall.
5) 0) text: The sound of the BELL chimes even louder, as the same group of novices now wordlessly walk in two tight lines through the hazy morning light of the courtyard. They are moreover such an exquisite looking procession, almost military-like in their lock and step unison. They seem to all move together like a balletic flock of birds. Somewhere tucked into the line we also observe Cathleen, demonstrating such composure in her ‘Custody of the eyes’: With arms softly crossed along her stomach and each hand hidden in the opposite sleeve. With eyes perpetually lowered and locked, in a blink-less downward gaze. Beat.
5) 1) dialog: I was 17 years old when I first came to the convent. 18, when I entered the Novitiate.
6) 2) dialog: And I’m sure a lot of people could probably never understand it. Never understand why someone so young, with their whole life in front of them, would want to give it all away to God. We then slowly begin to PAN across the faces of all the Novices, all knelt together in a line before altar- Noticing how shockingly young and innocent they all are. Most of these girls, all now in their final stages of training to be nuns, are barely even out of high school.
6) 3) text: They think of nuns today, and all they see is a bunch of old women... Women who couldn’t find husbands. Women who, for whatever reason, just couldn’t make it in the outside world. So ran off to a monastery to escape everything... We then finally land on Cathleen, just as her eyes glance up with such longing at the altar. She just stares straight up at it, while all other heads around her are bowed.
6) 4) dialog: What they don’t understand though, is beneath everything else... We were women in love. Cathleen then finally closes her eyes, giving herself over to prayer. She whispers.
6) 5) dialog: Oh Lord, I adore you. You’re all I could ever want.
6) 11) text: It’s Sunday morning with the church bell ringing, calling this small Tennessee town to Mass. An exterior of the local clapboard CHURCH reveals a small stream of arriving locals, smiling and greeting each other along the way. Before A CAR pulls up, and.... NORA HARRIS (35)- Cathleen’s somewhat hard scrabbled, though deeply loving and devoted mother. Together with a much younger, CATHLEEN (7)- Both step out into the parking lot. Nora looks around for a moment, checks the car mirror for any lipstick in her teeth, before she finally glances up at the church with a noticeable air of skepticism and anxiety.
7) 0) text: Entering mid-sermon, a LOCAL PRIEST stands addressing a small but packed house, Nora and Cathleen squeezed into the crowd.
8) 1) text: Inside their cramped little home, Nora and Cathleen sit together at the kitchen table. A cigarette dangling from Nora’s mouth, as she spoons out veggies on their plates.
8) 4) dialog: Yeah, I did.
8) 6) dialog: I don’t know? I guess I just thought it was peaceful.
8) 8) dialog: What kind of Church was it again?
8) 10) dialog: Are we Catholic?
9) 0) text: And now CHUCK HARRIS, 35 - Nora’s deadbeat husband and Cathleen’s barely present father - Finally comes through the door. Not only that but right from the moment he enters, we can already tell there’s no place this guy less enjoys being than home. Chuck heads straight for Cathleen, hugging and kissing her. It’s unclear if he’s drunk or not.
9) 2) dialog: Daddy! Where were you! We were waiting for you for so long! Where were you! All while Nora just stares with daggers in her eyes..
11) 0) text: The late summer sun blazes as a now older Cathleen - 12 years old - Stands beside Nora, helping her mom as they hang a load of laundry together. Fussing with a clothes pin, Nora’s eyes then slowly do a double take noticing the bizarre sight of these two ELDERLY NUNS- Sisters GLORIA AND ELEANOR, both 50's - Making their way straight up to her house.
12) 0) text: A LITTLE LATER in their family living room, Nora scrambles to lay out her best tea seat for the Sisters. While Cathleen sits quietly beside her mother, just staring at the nuns in awe.
15) 0) text: It’s recess hour on another day. Though as all the other girls run and play, Cathleen just sits by herself against a tree. Somewhat of a loner. Another teacher, a rather attractive young nun of roughly 30, then gradually approaches. SISTER MARGARET- Not only one of the ‘cooler’ teachers at school, but a woman whose very presence exudes an ocean of understanding.
15) 2) dialog: (shyly) Huh? They’re all talking about their boyfriends. I don’t have a boyfriend...
15) 5) dialog: (surprised) You have? 15.
15) 7) dialog: (self-conscious) I guess so...
15) 9) dialog: You do? About what?
15) 11) dialog: I don’t think it’s silly.
16) 0) text: Now inside the school’s tiny chapel, votive candles illumine the altar, highlighting a tiny WOODEN HOUSE and a HALO of GOLD LIGHT. A TALL STATUE OF CHRIST looms proudly in the corner. The door to the chapel then opens, with Sister Margaret quietly leading Cathleen inside and into a pew. Sister Margaret stares at the altar in a strange sort of reverential silence, then whispers to Cathleen. 16.
16) 2) dialog: I know who they are. But why are you showing this to me?
16) 4) dialog: But you really think God and Jesus are real? Like real the way other things are real?
16) 6) dialog: Huh? What do you mean? But why, I bet you could've married anyone you wanted to?
16) 10) dialog: If it’s okay by you Sister, maybe I‘11l stay a bit. If that’s okay? Margaret nods, then quietly heads out. Cathleen waits, turns again towards the statue and the flame.
17) 0) text: MUCH LATER now, the chapel is completely dark and seemingly empty. That is except for Cathleen, who continues to just sit all alone in the pews, unable to take her eyes off the altar. She pauses a moment, then puts her hands together and starts to pray. It’s clear she’s never done this before, but it seems to come naturally.
18) 0) text: Before in the exact same position and as if the prayer itself had never ended, we see a much OLDER Cathleen- Sitting in the same very pew with the very same rapt look on her face. Though now it’s 1962, and Cathleen 17. An OLD WOMAN seated in a front then starts to walk out of the Chapel, nodding and smiling at Cathleen as she passes, who nods and smiles back.
18) 2) dialog: See you later Miss Williams.
19) 0) text: It’s well before the crack of dawn as Cathleen wanders through her house, trying not to wake Nora. She’s then suddenly startled to discover a STRANGE MAN by himself in their living room, in the middle of pulling up his pants. Shocked, Cathleen just lowers her eyes, tries not to look at the man as she passes.
19) 1) dialog: Hi. 18. Clearly startled, this guy can’t wait to get out of there. NORA’S ONE NIGHT STAND Oh hey, how are you?
20) 0) text: We hear the sound of the front door SLAM, as Cathleen then enters the kitchen, surprised to discover Nora there, just staring out the window smoking a cigarette as she watches him go.
20) 1) dialog: Who was he? Nora turns, startled.
20) 3) dialog: (under her breath) Another one? Nora just looks at Cathleen and frowns. Beat.
20) 5) dialog: I set my alarm early, so I could go to Mass before school. Slightly taken aback, Nora tries not to show judgement.
20) 7) dialog: No, it’s okay. Thanks though. Cathleen then starts to head back down the hall, before Nora thinks it over and calls out to her again.
20) 9) dialog: Yeah? 19.
20) 11) dialog: Huh? What do you mean?
20) 13) dialog: (unconvincing) Yeah, of course, I know.
21) 0) text: In the Chapel again, Cathleen returns to her daily practice of just sitting in church, meditating in the pews. We hold on her like this for a LONG moment. Before gradually a feeling comes over her, and she slowly turns almost as if called by something, to look toward the STATUE OF CHRIST. Barely even blinking, Cathleen then rises from the pews and begins to walk straight to the statue. Moments later as she now stands face to face with it, she looks straight into Christ’s eyes, while his seem to look back at hers, and almost as if she and the statue are sharing their own secret conversation. Cathleen takes a deep breath, tears begin to well in her eyes.
22) 0) text: Sitting across the desk from Sister Margaret in her office, Cathleen seems almost breathless as she tries to explain.
22) 1) dialog: I decided something today Sister. I decided I want to give myself to God. I want to be married to God like you. I want to be a nun. Sister Margaret looks shocked for a minute, then smiles. 20.
22) 3) dialog: I was in the chapel the other day, praying like I always do, when suddenly this feeling came over me. Something I’ve never felt before. Like this presence all around me, telling me, telling me... Sister Margaret continues looking at her, searching her eyes.
22) 5) dialog: I think so... Sister Margaret smiles.
23) 0) text: Later in the night Nora and Cathleen are now alone in their living room. Cathleen just watches as Nora paces back and forth, seeming about to explode.
23) 2) dialog: I knew you wouldn't understand! It’s fine if you don’t understand... 21.
23) 4) dialog: But it’s not throwing my life away! It’s not throwing my life away!
23) 6) dialog: What does that have anything to do with it! This decision doesn’t have anything to do with that! It just has to do...
23) 8) dialog: I’m in love, okay, I’m in love!!! And I really don’t care if you understand it or not!
23) 11) dialog: Mom I’m sorry, but I was called and I’m going to be a nun and there’s nothing you can do to stop me! I wish you could just be happy for me! But Nora just stares at Cathleen, baffled. Before her voice then suddenly gets much, much, much quieter. 22.
26) 0) text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS, most of them fresh out of school, all sit around whispering and waiting. 23. As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to begin the first stage of their training as nuns. Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all, are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet, giving an occasional “Shhhhh”.... Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56- A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style, who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere presence so halting and domineering, as to already put the fear of God in these girls. Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room, looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why.... Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
41) 0) text: Another BELL, before we look out to the courtyard and see all the postulant girls take off in flight!! Running like kids, laughing and chasing each other in a game of tag. At the same time Cathleen, somewhere off from the others, sits alone in the colonnade and reading the bible. She hears the joyful SHRIEK of all her postulant mates playing, turns and looks for a moment, then immediately goes back to her studying.
43) 5) dialog: Me? No. I mean.... I wasn’t actually raised in the church, so... Now all eyes turn and everybody stares at Cathleen.
43) 7) dialog: I don’t know? No, I guess not in the same way everyone else is...
43) 10) dialog: (so shyly) No, it’s okay, it’s okay... I went to Catholic school, so that’s where I first learned about the sisterhood... I never planned on being a nun. I just... I just thought it seemed like such a beautiful idea, to be able to spend my whole entire life devoted to love... I just thought a life like that, seemed worth every sacrifice. A few girls continue to snicker, while others seems quite taken if not admiring of Cathleen’s sincerity. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING Seated across from Reverend Mother in her office, Mary Grace waits awkwardly in silence- All while Reverend Mother’s attention is completely buried in the same stack of DOCUMENTS we saw before. In fact Reverend Mother barely even looks up, as she asks her.
45) 0) text: The sun begins to set over the convent, as we find Cathleen alone in the courtyard, so diligently, attentively, practicing her Custody of the Eyes. Her concentration is almost spooky, as we hear her voice whisper in...
45) 1) dialog: I love you God. I love you so much more than I ever thought I could love anything in my life. I love you so much more than myself even... INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S CELL - EVENING Before we find Cathleen all alone in her cell, knelt on the floor beside her bed so intimately praying out loud.
45) 2) dialog: Thank you Lord for letting me be here. Thank you for letting me love you like this. Thank you for letting me feel you so close to me.... As she continues to whisper, we notice her breathing become heavier and heavier. A strange intensity to it.
46) 0) text: Inside the convent’s family waiting area, Nora sits beside a number of other PARENTS, all very wholesome looking married couples. She seems nervous already, her first visit since Cathleen left home. Not too mention being the only single parent doesn’t help. A DOOR at the back of the room then opens, as another set of PARENTS step out. A NUN on duty then motions to Nora that it’s her turn to enter.
47) 0) text: As she’s now brought into the adjoining room, Nora looks up surprised to see a large METAL GRATE running down the center of the room, with Cathleen there waiting on the other side. It’s an eerie sort of set up, not unlike what you might expect to find in a prison. 39. Cathleen and Nora smile awkwardly between the grate, it’s a strange sort of reunion, both of them having missed each other so much, neither of them knowing quite what to say. They sit down.
47) 2) dialog: I know... Do you like it?
47) 4) dialog: I do, thanks.... But I’m not a real nun yet. Not yet.
47) 6) dialog: Nothing. It’s just the way they do it. A symbol of our enclosure.
47) 8) dialog: Nothing. Never mind. Beat.
47) 10) dialog: I am, yeah... I don’t know how to describe it, but I am happy. I feel like I really belong here. Now Nora looks disappointed, this is clearly not the answer she was hoping for.
47) 14) dialog: Novitiate. It’s just a temporary vow we take for two years, to find out if we really ready to be married to God for... forever... But Mom, I’m pretty sure I’m going to be here my whole life. Now Nora just can’t take it anymore.
47) 16) dialog: Mom, please.... You promised.
47) 18) dialog: It's okay, you don’t have to. I’m just happy to see you.
47) 20) dialog: Anyway, how have you been?
47) 22) dialog: And what about Dad? You heard anything from Dad? 41.
47) 24) dialog: It's okay, don’t bother. I’1l just pray for him, it’s fine... Anyway, I kind of have to go now.
47) 26) dialog: I know but it’s kind of a busy day, so... Maybe we can spend more time together next time... Cathleen then begins to get up.
47) 29) dialog: I’m sorry mom, but we’re really not supposed to touch like that... I’m sorry. I really have to go now though.
50) 0) text: Along the floor of the Postulant hallway, Cathleen and Sister Sissy now sit together whispering.
50) 2) dialog: Feel what?
50) 5) dialog: I don’t know? Just like a presence, that’s all. Like a really warm and comforting presence. Like falling asleep in a parents’ arms.
50) 7) dialog: Don’t worry, I don’t think you are.
50) 9) dialog: Because if I can feel him here with me right now, that means he must be here with you too.
53) 0) text: It is early evening as we again find Mary Grace alone in the chapel again, not praying but just staring vacantly. Suddenly the doors open, Cathleen enters as Mary Grace immediately turns, somewhat startled.
53) 1) dialog: Oh sorry Sister, I didn’t realize you were in here...
53) 3) dialog: Good thank you Sister.
53) 5) dialog: I think they mostly understand. Even though everybody misses her. I really miss her. Mary Grace just nods empathetically.
53) 8) dialog: Sometimes. I guess now that first vows are coming up, I wanted just to spend more time communicating with him, making sure he’s okay with me being a Novice. Sister Mary Grace laughs sweetly.
53) 10) dialog: You really think so?
53) 12) dialog: Thank you Sister. That means so much. Mary Grace tries to accept the compliment, but looks a bit guilt ridden. There’s a subtle pause as she then gets up from the pew, looks down at Cathleen so tenderly.
62) 0) text: The music then begins to grow louder, harkening the feeling of something so divine and exalted. Somewhere amidst the pews, Nora pushes up on her toes, leaning her head over shoulders, then turns her head to see.... The entire immaculate procession of new brides, Cathleen and her fellow postulants, all dressed in gowns and veils, so slowly and deliberately to make their way down the aisle. Such a stunning and beautiful procession. 58. We also hold on the face of each girl as they pass, peering into each of their eyes through the veil, as they all maintain their Custody so regally and exquisitely. MOMENTS LATER all these budding brides are finally knelt together in a line at the altar. A celestial light outlining and silhouetting them, bathing them almost. The back turned Priest then recites;
62) 9) dialog: I seek to become a temporary Bride of Christ for a year and a half, and to persevere in all my undying love... The traditional WHITE VEIL NOVICE HABIT, so precisely folded in a large cloth square, is then handed by young ALTAR BOYS into each girl’s arms. (The final symbol of their transference from Postulant to Novice.) Moments later, all the brides lay on the floor in a row together, as a large BLACK CLOTH, baring a single GOLD CROSS in its center, is rolled over them and all their bodies. (Symbolizing their now death to the outside world)
63) 0) text: Back in the atrium, the group of new Novices still in wedding dresses are now all lined up, anxiously awaiting something. As we move slowly down the line, from one girl to the next, we then discover that what they’re all waiting for is to have all their hair shorn off by an older, SCISSOR- WIELDING NUN. Many girls also can’t help but tremble and shake, as they lower their heads to be met by the blunt scissor. Finally Cathleen comes to the front on the line, bends down before the scissors.
63) 2) dialog: Yes, thank you Sister... Just as CHUNKS AND CHUNKS of Cathleen’s own HAIR fall in SLOW MOTION to the floor. 60.
72) 0) text: On a sunny afternoon, Sister Cathleen and Sister Emily sit alone together, in a tall field of swaying grass.
72) 2) dialog: Even what? Emily pauses for a moment, afraid to even say the word. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 69.
72) 4) dialog: But how do you know that? How do you know nuns think about it?
72) 6) dialog: But, I don’t think about it. Emily just looks at her.
72) 8) dialog: Did you?
72) 10) dialog: I don’t know? It’s like Reverend Mother says, our bodies are just a distraction. They're both silent again. Emily stares off, seeming suddenly ashamed.
74) 0) text: Returning to another Chapter of Faults, the room is dead silent as Reverend Mother just looks around at all the girls, her eyes moving from girl to girl. Her eyes then finally land on Cathleen.
74) 2) dialog: Sometimes... Sometimes wish that I could be more loved back... What I mean is, I wish I knew for sure, that we all knew for sure, that he really loves us back as much as we love him... I wish I could feel it more. There’s a long pause, everyone waiting on Reverend Mother's reaction to this. But this time Reverend Mother seems softer, more tolerant.
74) 4) dialog: Thank you so much for everything today Lord, for showing me how to be a better Novice. I’m so sorry for ever questioning or doubting you. MOMENTS LATER Cathleen undresses out of her habit and into her nightgown. And again for the brief moment that she finds herself nude, she struggles to hide her own body from herself. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT MUCH LATER, the room is now shrouded in darkness. As Cathleen is also deep asleep, she gradually begins to toss and turn in bed, somewhat restless, until it gradually mutates into something else entirely. Still deep in sleep, Cathleen unconsciously begins to breathe somewhat heavily, then slowly moves her hand between legs beneath the blanket, clearly aroused, masturbating without knowing. It goes on for a minute or two as she remains asleep the whole time. Before Cathleen then suddenly jolts up and awake, completely startled! Breathing so heavily and desperately she just looks down at her hands. We then move in on her face and eyes, her terrified expression. It’s literally as if she has no idea what just happened, but only knows it’s bad.
75) 0) text: Gazing at the cloister from a distance, the first MORNING BELL begins to chime. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - MORNING Seeming as if she has been up all night, and so wracked with guilt and worry- Cathleen is knelt beside her bed, struggling to pray.
75) 1) dialog: (whispering) I’m so sorry Lord. I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry..... Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 72.
76) 0) text: In the midst of morning Mass, the novices are all seated together in their pews. As the Priest then beckons the entire congregation to pray, we focus on Cathleen who's still so distracted she forgets to lower her head. Seated beside her, Sister Charlotte notices and gently nudges her. Cathleen looks up confused. Charlotte then shoots her a look like, “Everyone's praying.”
77) 0) text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt. Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the only one who notices. As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and untouched. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head. Reverend Mother turns, confused.
81) 0) text: Back in the dining hall and while everyone around her eats, Cathleen just stares down poking and picking at another PLATE OF FOOD. Emanuel again, seems to be the only one that notices. Cathleen then happens to catch Emanuel looking at her, who quickly turns away. It’s awkward. INT. REV. MOTHER’S HALLWAY - AFTERNOON Looking down the long hallway, Cathleen sits alone on the bench outside Reverend Mother's office, waiting. We move in CLOSER on her clearly anxious expression. Then to her HANDS, fussing and fidgeting in her lap. Finally the door to Reverend Mother’s office opens with Reverend Mother peeking out. She turns to Cathleen.
81) 3) dialog: I was just wondering if... If I could use the Discipline, just for the night? Caught off guard, Reverend Mother then slowly looks up and much more directly at Cathleen.
81) 5) dialog: If it’s okay with you, I'd rather not say.
81) 7) dialog: No, I know... I broke Grande Silence twice this week.... I was also uncharitable to one of my sisters when I didn’t mean to be. Now Reverend Mother looks at Cathleen with more interest, as if actually noticing her for the very first time.
81) 9) dialog: Thank you Mother. Keeping her eyes on Cathleen, Reverend Mother watches her leave with intensified curiosity. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT Knelt by herself on the floor, Cathleen slowly and meticulously begins to pull her habit over her head. She stares at the floor for a long beat, clearly so utterly terrified about what she’s about to do. Finally she reaches down and grabs the Discipline off the floor, takes a deep breath and begins to whip herself. She hits herself very, very hard. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! And with each and every crack, we can hear her muffled yelps and moans of pain. And yet she keeps going, just gritting her teeth and trying to get through it. Cathleen whips herself about 10 times, then finally stops. HARD TO BLACK.
82) 0) text: On a beautiful sunny afternoon, Cathleen sits on a bench by herself reading the Bible. Suddenly Sister Genevieve then walks across the courtyard to her.
82) 2) dialog: What? What do you mean? Why would my mother be here, it’s not visiting day? Sister Genevieve looks around to see if anyone’s watching. She whispers something into Cathleen’s ear. 80.
83) 0) text: Following behind Genevieve, Cathleen starts towards the main nun’s door of the Family Room, but then Genevieve stops her, motioning elsewhere.
84) 0) text: As Cathleen enters, she immediately sees Nora standing there and waiting, wearing an odd expression. And we can tell Cathleen’s not happy about it. She slowly walks to her mom, with Nora at once trying to hug her. But instead Cathleen freezes.
84) 2) dialog: (motioning to Genevieve) It’s okay, she already told me.... Confused for a moment, Nora then turns and glares at Genevieve. She takes another step toward Cathleen.
84) 4) dialog: But I’m not alone. And you really didn’t have to come. Taken aback, Nora looks at Cathleen like she barely recognizes her.
84) 7) dialog: Nothing's going on, Mom. I’m sorry you're upset, okay... Nora then gradually begins to get angry, but it’s an anger masking a much deeper concern.
84) 10) dialog: Mom, I’m fine.... Please, I haven’t lost that much weight...
84) 12) dialog: I’m fine, okay. I have to go now... I’m sorry about Dad, I really am. I’1l pray that God meets him in grace, okay...
84) 14) dialog: I’m sorry, I have to go okay. She then immediately turns and leaves, not looking back for a second.
85) 0) text: As Cathleen looks down to her plate to see a large hunk of highly unappetizing meatloaf staring back at her, we can tell how incredibly difficult this is for her. We then notice Sister Genevieve across the room staring straight at her, watching her like a hawk. Cathleen fully aware she’s being watched. Ever so slowly, Cathleen then finally begins to eat. She does so deliberately, one bite after another. One bite after another. One bite after... Before all out of nowhere, Cathleen suddenly starts gagging and grabbing at her stomach, literally doubling over! She gets up to try and excuse herself but immediately falls to the floor, coughing and dry heaving, as her stomach tries to force her food back up. All the other novices instantly rush over to try and help. HARD TO BLACK.
87) 0) text: Inside a small infirmary room we come to a CLOSE UP on Cathleen fast asleep, little sheets of rain from the window outside, reflecting over her face. After a moment, a vague shadow then passes over her face. Now Cathleen suddenly jolts awake, shocked to see none other than Sister Emanuel standing over her. She stares at Emanuel for a long moment, unsure if she’s dreaming.
87) 1) dialog: (in sign language) What are you doing here?
87) 3) dialog: (in sign language) Reverend Mother?
87) 5) dialog: Thank you Sister. Cathleen sits up further and they look at each other. Cathleen then closes her eyes to pray and Emanuel waits.
87) 8) dialog: So you're from the S.0.C.’s, right? What happened you didn’t like it there? Emanuel suddenly looks a bit self-conscious, as if she doesn’t particularly like answering this question.
87) 10) dialog: Easier? But aren’t Roses so much stricter?
87) 12) dialog: I wouldn’t know. All I ever wanted was to be a Rose.
87) 14) dialog: At what?
87) 16) dialog: Not always. But I know I want God’s love, and if being a good nun is what it takes for me to deserve God’s love, then... Beat. Emanuel thinks about it for a moment.
87) 18) dialog: What? Me?
87) 20) dialog: Isn't it with you too? Emanuel is about to answer, before suddenly another BELL begins to chime. This one indicating the actual start of Grande Silence.
87) 22) dialog: Sister Emanuel... Emanuel turns.
87) 23) dialog: (in sign language) Thank you for coming.
88) 0) text: Yet again we watch all the novices, in their silent, exquisite, and disturbingly precise procession, make their way through the convent grounds towards morning Mass. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING Alone in her office, Reverend Mother stares silently out the window, just watching the Novices with an oddly sad expression. We then look down to the window to another mysterious and ominous ENVELOPE placed in front of her. INT. CATHLEEN’S INFIRMARY ROOM - AFTERNOON With her head resting sideways on the pillow, Cathleen slowly opens her eyes and looks across the room to see Emanuel on the floor praying. Cathleen just watches for a moment, oddly fascinated. Before Emanuel turns and Cathleen pretends she wasn’t watching.
88) 1) dialog: How long was I asleep for?
88) 4) dialog: I think so. A little.
88) 6) dialog: Oh umm, that’s okay, I can do it myself. Understanding what she means, now Emanuel looks embarrassed. Emanuel then goes to the closet to find a nightgown. She hands it to Cathleen as Cathleen turns her body around so she’s not facing her as she changes. Beat.
88) 8) dialog: You can turn around now, it’s okay... Emanuel turns then goes and sits on the edge of the
88) 9) dialog: I thought I was doing it for Christ and to be a better nun.... (MORE)
88) 12) dialog: But maybe I also thought if I made myself starve on the outside, somehow I wouldn’t feel myself as much starving on the inside.... Emanuel just looks at her, curiously.
88) 14) dialog: I don’t know?
88) 16) dialog: It's okay. I’m just not used to talking to other sisters this way.
88) 18) dialog: Just... This way.
88) 20) dialog: What is? Emanuel looks at the ground for a moment, then back up at Cathleen.
89) 0) text: Back in the infirmary, we hold a tight CLOSE UP on * Emanuel as she reads out loud to Cathleen. *
89) 2) dialog: No, it’s my fault. I’m sorry!
89) 4) dialog: Okay, I’m really sorry Sister. Emanuel then immediately rushes out of the room, leaving Cathleen alone and in shock.
93) 0) text: Back in the infirmary it is now very late at night. Cathleen tosses and turns in bed for a moment, then sits up, staring pensively off into the darkness.
94) 3) dialog: Is it okay? *
94) 5) dialog: Do you remember... Do remember before, when you asked what I was starving for? Emanuel turns away and looks at the floor.
94) 6) dialog: I just want you to comfort me, that’s * all. I just want you to comfort me. * Please. Will you please comfort me, sister. Emanuel looks at her again, tears welling in her own * eyes.
94) 8) dialog: Please, please. Please just comfort me. Please, just comfort me... They turn to face it each other fully now.
94) 9) dialog: Just comfort me, please comfort me. Comfort me. Comfort me. Comfort me. Unable to stop herself, Cathleen then slides across the bed so that her face is only inches away from Emanuel’s. She is fully crying now. Emanuel quietly panic stricken.
94) 11) dialog: Please, please, please.... Emanuel reaches her hand up and into Cathleen’s mouth, gently pushing her fingers all around and in between her lips. Cathleen let’s her forehead fall to rest against Emanuel’s, now breathing even more heavily.
94) 12) dialog: (barely audible) Please just comfort me. Please just comfort me. Please just comfort me. Please just comfort me. They then gradually begin to kiss. At first so timidly, as if it is possibly the first time for both of them. Then a little more freely. Then more intensely. Then more passionately. Then more and more passionately, Cathleen unable to stop crying as it happens.
94) 13) dialog: I just want you to comfort me... Please, please, please.... Just comfort me... Please just comfort me.... INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY Before we again find ourselves back in Reverend Mother's office, with she and Cathleen sitting directly opposite each other. Cathleen is clearly very nervous, silent for a long time, unable to look at Reverend Mother for fear of being found out. Beat.
94) 15) dialog: I am, yes, thank you.
94) 17) dialog: Thank you, Mother. + eH 98.
94) 19) dialog: (unsure) No, of course I am. I’m happy. Reverend Mother stares at her, almost compassionately. Almost as if longing for some connection with her.
94) 21) dialog: Not much. Just some things I’ve heard here and there from some of the others. Reverend Mother tries to think of how to say it, growing even more emotional and confessional.
95) 0) text: We hear the sound of the mid afternoon bell, as Cathleen is now walking by herself back through the colonnade. At the same time and coming in the opposite direction, is Sister Emanuel. Cathleen and Emanuel then cross in the middle, all while both maintain such rigidity in their ‘Custody of the Eyes’, it’s hard to tell if they even see each other. Then suddenly Cathleen stops, turns and looks at Emanuel.
95) 1) dialog: Sister... Emanuel turns and looks at her too, but with such vacancy in her eyes, such total absence, it’s hard to tell if she even recognizes her.
95) 6) dialog: Yes, sorry ...I do... I want to accuse myself... to accuse myself of... of... But Cathleen seems so conflicted, barely able to get any words out. Nearby, Emanuel looks mortified.
95) 7) dialog: I want to accuse myself of... Accuse myself of... Having feelings... 101.
95) 9) dialog: Feelings I’m not sure I was supposed to have... Like, wanting to be with another person.... In a way that made me feel...
95) 11) dialog: Wanted. Comforted. Loved and... I wanted someone to touch me and to make me feel something. Something more than God can give me.... The whole room is silenced. We again hold on Emanuel’s face. Reverend Mother looks angry.
95) 13) dialog: I don’t know?
95) 15) dialog: But I don’t know how to explain it ...I’m accusing myself of being intimate with someone, another sister, and of feeling love for her.... A state of mutual shock then falls over the room.
95) 16) dialog: And it I don’t think it was a sin, because it didn’t feel like a sin. It didn't feel like a sin. It felt more like the way we’re supposed to feel... 102. Cathleen seems like she’s about to cry, her body shaking and trembling, yet somehow she won’t allow herself.
95) 18) dialog: No Mother, I’m not going to do that... I made my accusation, like you asked. Just want my penance. I just want my penance.
95) 20) dialog: I’m not saying who Mother! I just want to do my penance! Give me my penance!
95) 22) dialog: I just want to do my penance! I just want my penance! I want to do my... PENANCE!
95) 24) dialog: Yes, Mother, I do!
95) 27) dialog: 
95) 36) dialog: I just want my penance! Please give me my penance. I just want my penance! I beg you for my penance. I just want my penance! I just want my penance! I just want my penance! I just want my penance! I just want my penance! I beg you! I’m begging you!! Please, I beg you for it! All while Reverend Mother just watches along with the others, everyone in a mutual state of shock. Some of the girls are now crying, others trembling and shaking, others just hoping it will all to be over soon. Before eventually Cathleen seems to totally collapse, literally imploding into herself, like no more than a frightened, trembling ball on the floor. We then HOLD on Sister Emanuel one last time, before she at last begins to cry too.
97) 0) text: With the now only few remaining NOVICES all gathered in the chapel atrium beside a small RACK OF AWAITING WEDDING DRESSES, suddenly Cathleen, Evelyn and Candace hurry in. Fussing with the dresses, Sister Anne looks up and glares at them.
98) 0) text: Night falls over the Convent, as we hear the sound of the Grande Silence BELL ring out over the landscape. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - EVENING Alone in her room, Cathleen is knelt down upon her floor, softly and intimately praying. A halo of light outlines her face.
98) 1) dialog: Lord, dear Lord. I wish I knew what... I don’t know if this is something I need to figure out on my own? Or if I should be waiting for some kind of sign from you?... If you want me to stay, I’1ll stay. But I can’t figure it out... I can’t hear you anymore, and I don’t know if it’s because you stopped speaking, or I somehow stopped knowing how to listen... Or maybe the voice I heard all this time, wasn’t ever even yours...??
98) 2) text: She then pauses, trying so hard to listen for him. Just trying and trying and trying, to no avail. MOMENTS LATER Cathleen again begins to carefully undress out of her habit, preparing to change into her nightgown. All in the same meticulous and ritualistic fashion we've seen before. Reaching down for her nightgown however, suddenly the small CROSS that has hung on her wall all this time, falls onto the floor. Almost like magic, or perhaps this is the sign she asked for. Cathleen just looks at the cross with a vacant expression. Before she drops all of her clothes, suddenly standing stark naked. Cathleen walks naked across the room to pick up the cross, lays it on her dresser, then walks out of frame. Music drifts in......
100) 0) text: The remaining group of second year novices, a mere 5 in total, are all lined up and clothed in their wedding dresses. They wait to have their veils attached. Cathleen makes her way to the head of the line, as an elder sister reaches up to attach her veil too.
101) 0) text: Music fills in even louder, as the ceremony has finally begun. With the doors to the chapel opening, all the novices make their way toward the altar, all in perfect single file, keeping such exquisite custody of the eyes, just as we've seen them before. Nora turns to look at Cathleen, a somewhat sad yet resigned expression in her eyes. The procession then all kneel together before the altar, softly bathed in a radiant sort of light that outlines their bodies like a halo. For the very first time with his faced turned and looking directly at the congregation, the Priest then begins:
101) 11) dialog: With the help of God, I’ve come to know in this community both the difficulty and joy of a life completely devoted to him. My desire is to make permanent profession in this community, and to wear the holy habit of the Rose. Nora shakes her head, defeated. Reverend Mother just lowers her eyes and begins to pray.
101) 13) dialog: What do I seek?.... What do I seek?... I seek... She then suddenly stops, just staring straight at the ground, paralyzed, the entire room left in silence. Long Beat. Enduring silence.
101) 14) dialog: What do I seek?... What do I seek? Long Beat. Enduring silence. The Priest stares at her so confused.
101) 15) dialog: I seek... I seek... Everybody continues to just wait, the whole room held on a pin. Cathleen then finally looks up again, staring at the Priest as he stares right back at her. 109. Before a strange new aura, a new sense of self, of conviction, of peace and understanding gradually awakens in her eyes. Cathleen smiles, she understands it now. HARD TO BLACK. A long silence is held in the vacuum, before we hear Cathleen’s final whisper.
101) 16) dialog: (CONT'D)