1) 0) text: Now inside the order’s sacred chapel, we drift through the space on our own- Revealing a panoramic resplendence of vaulted MURALS, the immaculate ALTAR OF CHRIST, silk- like streams of soft and hazy light that drip in through windows above. At the same time and all alone within the shadows, the same NUN has moved to the floor in the middle of the chapel, lost herself in prayer. She whispers.
6) 11) text: It’s Sunday morning with the church bell ringing, calling this small Tennessee town to Mass. An exterior of the local clapboard CHURCH reveals a small stream of arriving locals, smiling and greeting each other along the way. Before A CAR pulls up, and.... NORA HARRIS (35)- Cathleen’s somewhat hard scrabbled, though deeply loving and devoted mother. Together with a much younger, CATHLEEN (7)- Both step out into the parking lot. Nora looks around for a moment, checks the car mirror for any lipstick in her teeth, before she finally glances up at the church with a noticeable air of skepticism and anxiety.
6) 12) dialog: Come on honey, let’s give this a whirl... At the entrance, Nora and Cathleen are then suddenly stopped by some husky, wide-grinning MAN in his 50s. Already seeming a bit “over friendly” for Nora’s taste.
6) 14) dialog: Oh yeah. Hey Rob, how you been? You been good?
6) 16) dialog: Yeah can you believe it, growin’ up so fast. He then bends down to Cathleen, squeezing her cheeks.
6) 18) dialog: Yeah well, don’t get your hopes up. I’m not here to be saved or nothing.... Just figured it was about time Cathleen had a chance to see for herself, what religion’s all about- Or ‘supposed’ to be about... Besides, we were a little bored.
7) 0) text: Entering mid-sermon, a LOCAL PRIEST stands addressing a small but packed house, Nora and Cathleen squeezed into the crowd.
8) 1) text: Inside their cramped little home, Nora and Cathleen sit together at the kitchen table. A cigarette dangling from Nora’s mouth, as she spoons out veggies on their plates.
8) 2) dialog: Really wish you’d eat more honey, you know I worry about you sometimes... Nora reaches to push away the hair from Cathleen’s face.
8) 3) dialog: So, did you like going to that church today?
8) 5) dialog: Really? What'd you like about it most?
8) 7) dialog: Peaceful? Huh? Yeah, I guess it was kind of peaceful.
8) 9) dialog: Catholic.
8) 11) dialog: No, we're not really anything I suppose. Truth is, I don’t particularly believe in religion myself, think it’s a waste of time... But once you get older, you can make up your own mind. A sudden GLARE of HEADLIGHTS then floods the kitchen windows, together with the SOUND of a CAR pulling up. Nora’s eyes quickly turn and we notice the change of expression.
9) 0) text: And now CHUCK HARRIS, 35 - Nora’s deadbeat husband and Cathleen’s barely present father - Finally comes through the door. Not only that but right from the moment he enters, we can already tell there’s no place this guy less enjoys being than home. Chuck heads straight for Cathleen, hugging and kissing her. It’s unclear if he’s drunk or not.
9) 3) dialog: A fair question. Where you been Chuck? Chuck just looks at her and shrugs his shoulders. It’s not a question he cares to answer.
9) 5) dialog: Oh? Cause we’ve been sitting here all day waiting on you. You never heard of a phone, or...
9) 7) dialog: (under her breath) Great, you’ve heard of a phone Chuck. Great Chuck, that’s just great... 10. Chuck heads to the fridge to grab a beer. Then finally turns back to Nora, it’s clear things are about to get unpleasant.
9) 9) dialog: I don’t know, I guess I just want you to be a man, that’s all. Be a fucking father- Maybe learn how to sacrifice a little....
9) 11) dialog: Drop it!? Seriously!!?... You know what just, Fuck you Chuck!
9) 13) dialog: Not the person I want you to be!? Not the person I want you to be!? No, cause you’re not even CLOSE!!... You’re the WORST, you hear me!! THE WORST!
9) 15) dialog: Where do you think you’re going! You're leaving again!? You can’t do that! You can’t keep leaving us, whenever you want! You have a daughter for Christ’sake! I hate you, you hear me..... 11. Finally the door SLAMS leaving Cathleen all alone. The little girl just sits in utter silence, as her parents yell, cry and scream at each other outside. Beat.
11) 0) text: The late summer sun blazes as a now older Cathleen - 12 years old - Stands beside Nora, helping her mom as they hang a load of laundry together. Fussing with a clothes pin, Nora’s eyes then slowly do a double take noticing the bizarre sight of these two ELDERLY NUNS- Sisters GLORIA AND ELEANOR, both 50's - Making their way straight up to her house.
11) 1) dialog: Excuse me? Hey there! Can I help you, Sisters? One of the sisters turns and smiles. The other just nods.
11) 3) dialog: Yes.
11) 5) dialog: Uh, yeah?.... Yeah, I think I know the one you mean? 12.
12) 0) text: A LITTLE LATER in their family living room, Nora scrambles to lay out her best tea seat for the Sisters. While Cathleen sits quietly beside her mother, just staring at the nuns in awe.
12) 2) dialog: That’s nice.
12) 4) dialog: Huh? Oh, Cathleen’s 12. Just getting ready to start middle school actually. Nora finally sits down, glancing quietly at a small PAMPHLET on the table. A brochure for the Sisters’ school.
12) 5) dialog: Look I appreciate your coming by Sisters, I do. But truth is, we’re just not that religious... I mean we try to go to church when we can, you know like everybody else.... But the truth is my husband, Cathleen’s father, he left us awhile back. So it’s just me taking care of the two of us and...
12) 9) dialog: Well how much does it cost? I don’t know if we can really afford a fancy school like this.... The two sisters just look at each other and smile.
19) 0) text: It’s well before the crack of dawn as Cathleen wanders through her house, trying not to wake Nora. She’s then suddenly startled to discover a STRANGE MAN by himself in their living room, in the middle of pulling up his pants. Shocked, Cathleen just lowers her eyes, tries not to look at the man as she passes.
20) 0) text: We hear the sound of the front door SLAM, as Cathleen then enters the kitchen, surprised to discover Nora there, just staring out the window smoking a cigarette as she watches him go.
20) 2) dialog: Huh? Oh just a friend of mine, that’s all.
20) 4) dialog: What are you doing up so early anyway?
20) 6) dialog: Oh?... Oh, okay... You need a ride?
20) 8) dialog: Hey Cathleen... She comes back, stopping in the threshold.
20) 10) dialog: You’re not, ummmm.... Getting too into God and all that, are you?
20) 12) dialog: I don’t know? I guess I just mean there’s more to life than, you know, praying and going to church and all that... You do know that, right honey?
23) 0) text: Later in the night Nora and Cathleen are now alone in their living room. Cathleen just watches as Nora paces back and forth, seeming about to explode.
23) 1) dialog: A nun!? What are you talking about, a nun!? That’s just fucking crazy Cathleen, where is this even coming from!?
23) 3) dialog: It’s not that I don’t understand, it’s just that it’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard!! You’re telling me you want to go throw your life away in some convent and you expect me to understand!?
23) 5) dialog: You think I wanted this!? You think I wanted to be a single mother like this!? I did the best I could! I tried!?
23) 7) dialog: With what!? Jesus Christ, what the fuck Cathleen!? What does it have to do with!? What is this all about!? Cathleen suddenly looks like she’s about to cry.
23) 9) dialog: In love!? With who, with what!? I don’t get it!? Now Cathleen just stares at the ground in silence, before it all suddenly dawns on Nora.
23) 10) dialog: With God? Oh my God, you're in love with God!? But I don’t get it, that doesn’t even make any sense!?
23) 12) dialog: Cathleen, you’re a 17 year old girl... You don’t know anything about religion, and you for sure don’t know anything about love... You want to know what I think? I think you’re about to make the biggest mistake of your life. Still barely holding back the tears, Cathleen just stares at Nora for a long time. She then turns and walks straight out of the room. Feeling completely lost from her daughter, Nora shakes her head. Beat. FADE OUT. OVER BLACK. Returning to the black, we again hear the sound of a far off and tolling BELL. As if calling us somewhere.
46) 0) text: Inside the convent’s family waiting area, Nora sits beside a number of other PARENTS, all very wholesome looking married couples. She seems nervous already, her first visit since Cathleen left home. Not too mention being the only single parent doesn’t help. A DOOR at the back of the room then opens, as another set of PARENTS step out. A NUN on duty then motions to Nora that it’s her turn to enter.
47) 0) text: As she’s now brought into the adjoining room, Nora looks up surprised to see a large METAL GRATE running down the center of the room, with Cathleen there waiting on the other side. It’s an eerie sort of set up, not unlike what you might expect to find in a prison. 39. Cathleen and Nora smile awkwardly between the grate, it’s a strange sort of reunion, both of them having missed each other so much, neither of them knowing quite what to say. They sit down.
47) 1) dialog: Wow, this is the first time I’ve seen you in your ‘outfit’...
47) 3) dialog: (hesitantly) You look like a real nun.
47) 5) dialog: (indicating the grate) What’s with this by the way? This thing here... It’s like a prison or something?
47) 7) dialog: Enclosure? What’s that supposed to mean?
47) 9) dialog: So how are you? You like it here? How is it, are you happy? Cathleen smiles.
47) 11) dialog: I guess that means you’re planning on staying then? (MORE )
47) 15) dialog: Jesus Christ Cathleen, what the hell did I do wrong?
47) 17) dialog: Sorry, I’m sorry, sorry.... I just still don’t understand what you’re doing here?
47) 19) dialog: I’m happy to see you too. Beat.
47) 21) dialog: Fine, good. I picked up a couple extra shifts at work recently, just trying to keep busy I guess. I don’t really know what else to do with myself, you know. I mostly just miss you so much. Cathleen suddenly looks a bit struck by this, like she didn’t quite realize it would hurt so much. Beat.
47) 23) dialog: (surprised) You're father? Not really... Your grandma called. Said he’d been sick or something? Maybe that’s why you probably haven't heard from him.... You want me to track him down, see if he’ll come visit? I’m sure he wants to see you. Cathleen thinks about it, then shakes her head.
47) 25) dialog: (instantly heartbroken) What, what do you mean you have to go? We have ten more minutes.
47) 27) dialog: Wait! Wait! Cathleen, can you just, wait... Cathleen pauses, just looking at her.
47) 28) dialog: Can I... Can I just touch your hand for a minute... Just for a minute, if that’s okay... Nora then moves her hand up along the grate, holding it out for Cathleen. Cathleen thinks about it a moment, just looks at her sadly.
47) 30) dialog: Okay, but, Cathleen... Listen I love you, okay? Cathleen barely pauses before heading out the door.
47) 31) text: It's good to see you. Thanks for coming. She then walks straight out, leaving Nora completely crestfallen by the encounter.
59) 0) text: An even larger crowd starts to overflow into the chapel, before sooner or later we see Nora there too. She is all dressed up, though perhaps a tad inappropriately, not too mention wearing a bit too much make up. As Nora then wanders to find a seat, moving in and out of more people- She accidentally bumps into none other than Reverend Mother.
59) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sorry... The two woman exchange a quick glance, Reverend Mother looking Nora up and down. Nora continues on.
62) 0) text: The music then begins to grow louder, harkening the feeling of something so divine and exalted. Somewhere amidst the pews, Nora pushes up on her toes, leaning her head over shoulders, then turns her head to see.... The entire immaculate procession of new brides, Cathleen and her fellow postulants, all dressed in gowns and veils, so slowly and deliberately to make their way down the aisle. Such a stunning and beautiful procession. 58. We also hold on the face of each girl as they pass, peering into each of their eyes through the veil, as they all maintain their Custody so regally and exquisitely. MOMENTS LATER all these budding brides are finally knelt together in a line at the altar. A celestial light outlining and silhouetting them, bathing them almost. The back turned Priest then recites;
64) 0) text: A sudden shift in music, as the entire crowd in the chapel rise again and look toward the aisle, to see.. The new group of Novices changed out of their wedding dresses and re-clothed in their NEW NOVICE HABITS. Coming down the center aisle in procession again. As we look into Nora’s eyes we also see a tinge of deep sadness, realizing her daughter has now turned a corner she may never turn back from. MOMENTS LATER the Novices all kneel again before the altar.
84) 0) text: As Cathleen enters, she immediately sees Nora standing there and waiting, wearing an odd expression. And we can tell Cathleen’s not happy about it. She slowly walks to her mom, with Nora at once trying to hug her. But instead Cathleen freezes.
84) 1) dialog: Is there somewhere can we talk. I got something I gotta tell you...
84) 3) dialog: No one knew he had it. Guess it had been a few years now and he just kept it to himself... And I know he wasn’t ever much a father to you honey, but it’s probably still kind of a shock. That’s why I came, I didn’t want you to be alone...
84) 5) dialog: What is that supposed to mean? I came here for you. It doesn’t upset you to hear your dad passed away... Cathleen just shrugs her shoulders. 81.
84) 6) dialog: (searching Cathleen’s eyes) Wait a minute, what’s going on here? What the hell is going on? I’m serious Cathleen? What is this...
84) 8) dialog: Well I’m sorry you're not. What the hell is going on? And why have you lost a bunch of weight? Cathleen just looks at the floor, averting Nora’s gaze.
84) 9) dialog: You look really thin. How much weight have you lost? Why are you so thin?
84) 11) dialog: How much weight have you lost! What’s going on, they don’t feed you in here? Let me see your hands, show me your arms. Nora then reaches to grab Cathleen’s arm, at the same time as Cathleen immediately and violently jerks it back.
84) 13) dialog: What?!?! You have to go now!? Cathleen stares at her hard.
84) 15) dialog: Cathleen!... What, Cathleen! Cathleen!! 82. But she’s gone, once again leaving Nora in a complete state of shock and feeling more distanced than ever from her daughter Nora then turns again to Sister Genevieve, who’s been standing there the whole time.
84) 16) dialog: Excuse me, what’s the name of that Mother Superior lady, woman who runs this place...
84) 18) dialog: Yeah her. Can you take me to her please. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY Reverend Mother sits behind with Nora across from her. All while Nora wears an almost explosive expression.
84) 20) dialog: (not skipping a beat) I’m fine. Just want to know what’s going on with my daughter, that’s all....
84) 22) dialog: Look, Miss...
84) 24) dialog: Excuse me?
84) 26) dialog: Lady, I’m not calling you Mother. Beat. 83.
84) 28) dialog: Save it. You do know I haven’t seen my daughter in nearly 6 months- I came here today to tell her about her Dad, and I barely even recognize her. She looks completely different, like she’s lost 20 pounds... I want to know what you’re doing to her in here?
84) 30) dialog: Are you blind! Have you seen her lately! She looks like she’s dying!
84) 32) dialog: Like she’s dying!! I said, I want to know what’s going on in here! Reverend Mother just looks at Nora, takes a long beat.
84) 34) dialog: Oh really, do you? And that’s because you have children your own? Calm and cool as ever, Reverend Mother then looks Nora straight in the eyes. 84.
84) 36) dialog: Okay well just so you know, and with all due respect to you, Miss Whatever-the- fuck you want to be called by ...I didn’t ‘bring’ my daughter here. I didn’t ‘bring’ her here at all... But if I ever come back and see her like this again- I will take her out of here. Nora heads for the door, but turns back once more.
84) 37) dialog: You got that- Mother! She SLAMS the door behind her. We hold on Reverend Mother in a complete state of shock. The pressure starting to get to her.
99) 0) text: We hold tightly on Nora jut as her eyes look all around, clearly anxious and uneasy about something. PULLING BACK we see Nora is also wedged in amidst a SMALL CROWD of people inside the church. 106. All dressed in Sunday best, moving and bumping into each other, trying to find seats. As Nora again moves down the center aisle, she notices Reverend Mother somewhere across the chapel, just as Reverend Mother notices her too. They both avoid eye contact.
101) 0) text: Music fills in even louder, as the ceremony has finally begun. With the doors to the chapel opening, all the novices make their way toward the altar, all in perfect single file, keeping such exquisite custody of the eyes, just as we've seen them before. Nora turns to look at Cathleen, a somewhat sad yet resigned expression in her eyes. The procession then all kneel together before the altar, softly bathed in a radiant sort of light that outlines their bodies like a halo. For the very first time with his faced turned and looking directly at the congregation, the Priest then begins: