6) 0) text: Back within the chapel, the ENTIRE COMMUNITY OF ROSES have now gathered for the daily ritual of MASS. As a PRIEST stands at the altar, back to the congregation, we watch his HANDS begin to carefully lay out his ACCESSORIES for the service. At the same time as we also peer through the pews to see the room packed to the gills with over 200 nuns, all ranging in ages from 16-100. Moving all around and through them, from one pew to the next, we look deeply into so many of their still and solemn faces. The collective sense of reverence and rapture, so palpable you can almost taste it.
6) 1) dialog: Mea Culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa...Baptistam, sanctos Apdstolos Petrum et Paulum, omnes sanctons.... Oremus. And suddenly all is silent, dead silent. A silence so rich, deep and voluptuous, it creates its’ own presence in the room. Such a powerful silence that is broken only by the occasional COUGH or BREATHE, before...
7) 0) text: Entering mid-sermon, a LOCAL PRIEST stands addressing a small but packed house, Nora and Cathleen squeezed into the crowd.
29) 0) text: With the entire community of Roses there and waiting, the full Postulant precession finally enters the chapel, every head turning and looking at them curiously. Mary Grace leads them all to their assigned pews, each girl stopping to genuflect before the altar before taking their seat. All while Reverend Mother sits in her own pew, watching each girl carefully. MOMENTS LATER Mass has begun, with the Priest softly whispering.
29) 1) dialog: Oreta... Glory be to the Father, to the Son, the Holy Spirit... The entire congregation then lowers heads to pray. Except for Cathleen who can’t help but steal a glance toward the altar, where all the Novices are now receiving communion. Cathleen watches in awe, then returns to prayer.
35) 0) text: As the whole community is gathered again for Mass, the priest, FATHER LUCA, begins to recite the service in LATIN....
51) 0) text: The entire community of Roses is once again gathered for Mass. The priest beckons all the sisters to pray, as we watch a sea of black heads all bow at once. INT. SISTER MARY GRACE’S CELL - NIGHT Later in the evening, Mary Grace returns to her cell. Carefully removing her veil, she shakes loose all her tangled hair, then plops down on a chair, staring vacantly into space. She remains frozen for a long moment, before she then slowly reaches a hand down to pull up the bottom of her habit, moves her hand between her legs and begins to masturbate. She does it all very rapidly, mechanically, almost as if all she wants is to get it over with as soon as possible. As if the shame of the act is something she can actually out race by doing it fast enough. Finally reaching a climax she drops her head down, breathing heavily. Her eyes drift off and stare at the floor and for a second, it almost looks like she might cry. This is a woman in a lot more secret pain and confusion than even she herself realizes. 45. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY All alone in her office, Reverend Mother sits talking on the phone in what appears to be a very tense call.
62) 0) text: The music then begins to grow louder, harkening the feeling of something so divine and exalted. Somewhere amidst the pews, Nora pushes up on her toes, leaning her head over shoulders, then turns her head to see.... The entire immaculate procession of new brides, Cathleen and her fellow postulants, all dressed in gowns and veils, so slowly and deliberately to make their way down the aisle. Such a stunning and beautiful procession. 58. We also hold on the face of each girl as they pass, peering into each of their eyes through the veil, as they all maintain their Custody so regally and exquisitely. MOMENTS LATER all these budding brides are finally knelt together in a line at the altar. A celestial light outlining and silhouetting them, bathing them almost. The back turned Priest then recites;
62) 1) dialog: Virginum custos et pater, sancte Ioseph, cuius fideli custodiae ipsa Innocentia Christus Iesus et Virgo virginum Maria commisa fuit; te per hoc utrumque carissimum pignus Iesum et Mariam obsecro et obtestor, ut me, ab omni immunditia praeservatum, mente incontaminata, puro corde et casto corpore Iesu et Mariae semper facias castissime famulari. Amen. Somewhere in the Nuns’ pews, Reverend Mother lowers her head to pray as does everybody else. Nora doesn’t realize what’s going on at first, but then sees everyone praying and finally does the same. Cathleen, kneeling in the line beside the others, makes the sign of the cross along her chest. Before the entire congregation is suddenly hushed, as Sister Emily stands alone with the Priest upon the altar. Emily gently genuflects down to kneel before him, gracefully bowing her head as he lifts her veil. Emily and the Priest then look straight into each others eyes.
62) 2) dialog: Sister Emily, what is it you desire?
64) 1) dialog: Ora pro nobis, Sancta Dei Genetrix....
76) 0) text: In the midst of morning Mass, the novices are all seated together in their pews. As the Priest then beckons the entire congregation to pray, we focus on Cathleen who's still so distracted she forgets to lower her head. Seated beside her, Sister Charlotte notices and gently nudges her. Cathleen looks up confused. Charlotte then shoots her a look like, “Everyone's praying.”
101) 0) text: Music fills in even louder, as the ceremony has finally begun. With the doors to the chapel opening, all the novices make their way toward the altar, all in perfect single file, keeping such exquisite custody of the eyes, just as we've seen them before. Nora turns to look at Cathleen, a somewhat sad yet resigned expression in her eyes. The procession then all kneel together before the altar, softly bathed in a radiant sort of light that outlines their bodies like a halo. For the very first time with his faced turned and looking directly at the congregation, the Priest then begins:
101) 1) dialog: Guardian of virgins and father, Saint Joseph, to whose faithful custody Innocence itself, Christ Jesus, and Mary, Virgin of virgins, was committed.... We hear someone whisper in the audience,
101) 3) dialog: I pray and beseech thee by each of these dear pledges, Jesus and Mary, that, being preserved from all uncleanness, I may with spotless mind, pure heart, and a chaste body, ever serve Jesus and Mary most chastely all the days of my life. Amen. Eventually we discover Cathleen, knelt down amongst her sisters, eyes hidden from beneath her veil.
101) 4) dialog: Let us begin the ceremony... The entire room falls silently as the first in line, Sister Evelyn, then moves to genuflect down and kneel before the Priest. He reaches down to her veil.
101) 5) dialog: Sister Evelyn, what is your desire? Looking into the pews, we also see EVELYN’S PARENTS anxiously craning to see their daughter on the altar. And from the expression they hold, even we can feel the intense pressure on this child. Evelyn waits a long beat, then...
101) 7) dialog: And what is it you seek?
101) 9) dialog: Bride of Christ, you are now professed. But Sister Evelyn remains completely frozen. She looks so terrified. Before she finally returns to her place. 108. Once Evelyn is gone, the Priest motions to Cathleen and she too moves forward, taking Evelyn's place. The Priest lifts Cathleen’s veil, stares into her eyes.
101) 10) dialog: Sister, what is your desire? Beat. Cathleen then pauses for a very long time before speaking. She wears an almost unreadable expression.
101) 12) dialog: And what do you seek? Cathleen again pauses. Staring at the ground, so lost in thought, consumed in emotion, trying to figure it all out. She looks up again, trying to answer the question.