0) 1) dialog: Our father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name.... Where are you?
1) 1) dialog: Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?...Why are you doing this to us?... Now when I need you most? But we’re suddenly jolted by the abrupt and jarring SOUND of a...
24) 1) dialog: Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this? I don’t understand it?.... Someone gives you their whole life, makes every kind of conceivable kind of sacrifice.... And this is what I get?
26) 0) text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS, most of them fresh out of school, all sit around whispering and waiting. 23. As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to begin the first stage of their training as nuns. Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all, are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet, giving an occasional “Shhhhh”.... Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56- A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style, who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere presence so halting and domineering, as to already put the fear of God in these girls. Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room, looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why.... Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
26) 1) dialog: Good afternoon all of you. My name is Reverend Mother Marie St. Clare. You can call me Reverend Mother, or simply Mother if you prefer that instead.... I’m also the Mother Superior, or Abbess, of this particular Order of Sisters of Beloved Rose. I myself have been a Rose nearly 40 years now. Meaning some 40 years ago, I first walked through those gates as a Postulant- same as all of you- Now 40 years later, I’ve not once set foot outside those gates since... She pauses looking around at all the girls. We watch Cathleen’s eyes lower, trying to avoid her gaze. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) So what is my role, my job here exactly?.... Well as far as all of you are concerned- You might consider me like the voice of God around here... Meaning that unfortunately, since God can’t be here to run this convent Himself- My voice will serve as a stand in for His. And whenever you hear this very voice speak from my mouth- You can expect it’s on behalf of his wishes. 24. She pauses again, making sure they all heard it. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Now during the next 2 and a half years of your training to become nuns here, I personally will be separating the wheat from the chafe, determining which of you actually belong. As opposed to which are simply the victims of a childish imagination.... And that’s because here in this room, in this monastery- God is not a fantasy to us. Not a daydream, not a fantasy. And he’s certainly not your invisible best friend either.... To the contrary, God is work. Hard work. The work of a very special kind of love, you’re all going to be trained in. Turning to look at all the girls, we see a multitude of intimidated faces. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) So you'll be spending your first 6 months as postulants. After that, and for those of you who make it- You’1l be invited to take your very first vows, in your first temporary marriage to Christ- And enter the Novitiate... However and as a rule, we make a point never to discuss the Novitiate until we’ve been through it ourselves. So for now, you’ll just have to wait. Cathleen looks up, so curious by the notion of the Novitiate. As all the girls are. REVEREND MOTHER(CONT’D) Finally, let’s talk about silence for a moment. Because we observe two types of silence here: Regular Silence and Grand Silence... Now during regular silence, if you find you need to speak for whatever reason. That’s permissible... However and starting at 9pm each night, when you hear that last bell signifying the start of Grande Silence. That means you - Don’t. Talk. Period. We hear a general nervous MURMUR throughout the room. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Are there any questions? 25. The room is then deadened, nobody daring to speak. Before some brave young girl in the back raises her hand. However and instead of calling on her, Reverend Mother just looks at the girl blankly for an extremely long time. Beat. It’s awkward. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Put your hand down sister, postulants don’t have questions. And you are free to go home. She then turns backs to the group as a whole. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Now, when you return to your cells later this evening... INT. POSTULANT DORMITORY. MAIN HALL -— DAWN Gazing down the empty hallway in the Postulant dormitory, all is quiet- Before suddenly SISTER ANNE together with SISTER KATE, take the same wooden CLAPPER and start clapping and rattling all the way down the hall. INT. POSTULANT’S CELLS - MORNING A couple of the new POSTULANTS- Sisters SISSY and EVELYN- immediately jolt from sleep, practically falling out of bed and straight onto the floor. They then fumble through their prayers, fighting back the intermittent slew of sighs and yawns. INT. CATHLEEN’S CELL - MORNING Meanwhile in Cathleen’s cell, she herself is already wide awake, fully dressed in her new POSTULANT UNIFORM, and waiting on the edge of her bed. As if so determined to not be late, she literally stayed up all night. Cathleen adjusts and readjusts herself a couple times, before the clapper then finally makes its way to her door. Now she too drops and heads for the floor. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
29) 0) text: With the entire community of Roses there and waiting, the full Postulant precession finally enters the chapel, every head turning and looking at them curiously. Mary Grace leads them all to their assigned pews, each girl stopping to genuflect before the altar before taking their seat. All while Reverend Mother sits in her own pew, watching each girl carefully. MOMENTS LATER Mass has begun, with the Priest softly whispering.
30) 0) text: An endless line of NUNS stand outside the convent’s refectory (dining hall), with the entire community waiting to enter for lunch single file. As each woman then steps to the front of the line, we see Reverend Mother herself perched beside the door, so formally and perfunctorily greeting every sister as they pass. 27.
30) 2) dialog: Now and forever. God Bless Sister. And so on and so forth. We then slowly PAN back to the far end of the line, to see Cathleen just waiting her turn.
37) 0) text: The same long line of nuns stand single file outside the dining hall. Each sister stopping to formally greet Reverend Mother, before entering inside for lunch.
42) 3) dialog: May I have it please, Sister. Genevieve hands her the package, as Reverend Mother carefully unpacks a large stack of DOCUMENTS from a small ENVELOPE. As she then slowly starts glancing over all the papers, it becomes clear that there’s something rather sensitive about the content of these documents. Reverend Mother looks back up at Genevieve. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) That'll be all, thank you Sister. Waiting for Genevieve to leave, she starts flipping through the papers again- Clearly unnerved by whatever it is she’s reading. This package is a problem.
43) 11) dialog: (under her breath) So how are the new postulants? Any I should be thinking about sending home?
43) 13) dialog: Well, that’s good.
43) 15) dialog: This? It’s a memorandum. Sent over by the Archdiocese the other day. Regarding something called, Vatican II. All while Mary Grace just looks at her confused.
43) 17) dialog: From what I understand, our Pope’s suddenly gotten it in his head to try and turn himself into some sort of “reformer”... He’s organized some new council in Rome- Bishops, Cardinals, Theologians- To discuss how the church needs to change, be more in step with the new era of the 1960s....
43) 19) dialog: Meaning, I guess he thinks we've all grown a bit outmoded. Mary Grace suddenly looks a bit excited by this.
43) 21) dialog: Really? You think the church needs to change? Are you questioning me?
43) 23) dialog: I guess I disagree. I happen to think the church is perfect exactly the way it is. Mary Grace looks towards the papers again. 36.
43) 25) dialog: It’s really not important. I guarantee you this will all blow over very soon... Certainly, nothing for you to concern yourself over, Mary Grace. She then finally shoves the documents in a drawer, smiles. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) You were saying, about the new postulants....
51) 0) text: The entire community of Roses is once again gathered for Mass. The priest beckons all the sisters to pray, as we watch a sea of black heads all bow at once. INT. SISTER MARY GRACE’S CELL - NIGHT Later in the evening, Mary Grace returns to her cell. Carefully removing her veil, she shakes loose all her tangled hair, then plops down on a chair, staring vacantly into space. She remains frozen for a long moment, before she then slowly reaches a hand down to pull up the bottom of her habit, moves her hand between her legs and begins to masturbate. She does it all very rapidly, mechanically, almost as if all she wants is to get it over with as soon as possible. As if the shame of the act is something she can actually out race by doing it fast enough. Finally reaching a climax she drops her head down, breathing heavily. Her eyes drift off and stare at the floor and for a second, it almost looks like she might cry. This is a woman in a lot more secret pain and confusion than even she herself realizes. 45. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY All alone in her office, Reverend Mother sits talking on the phone in what appears to be a very tense call.
51) 1) dialog: (into the phone) Yes, thank you for calling.... Yes, I understand... Right, well.... It’s not that I wasn’t going to respond... We then notice her eyes glance angrily across the desk toward that same stack of Vatican II documents. She shakes her head. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Of course, I understand the historic nature... Right.... Peace be with you. Reverend Mother then slams down the phone, clearly not happy with the result of the conversation.
52) 0) text: It is sometime early afternoon as we again hear the SOUND of a BELL, although now it seems to have taken a somewhat ominous slightly foreboding tone. As Reverend Mother then walks alone through the courtyard, she passes by one of the Postulants, walking in the opposite direction, who softly whispers to her in passing.
52) 2) dialog: Now and forever. God bless... But then Reverend Mother suddenly stops. Just halts ona dime, turns right back around and looks at the girl dead on. Beat. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) I’m sorry, did you just speak? Did I just hear you speak? What’s your name? As we now turn we see that the girl in question is in fact Sister Sissy, just looking up at Reverend Mother totally bewildered and shocked. 46. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) (in sign language) What’s your name? Sissy is speechless. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) What.... Is... Your name?
52) 4) dialog: Sister Sissy?
52) 6) dialog: Well tell me something Sister Sissy, you’re a postulant correct? - What have you been doing lately? Besides getting fat, showing up late to Mass, and running your mouth during Grand Silence?
52) 8) dialog: Do you understand what silence means? Was it not properly explained to you?... When you hear the bell for Grand Silence, that means silence. And silence means you- Don’t. Talk. It means you - Shut. Your. Mouth.
52) 10) dialog: That's because I’m reprimanding you Sissy! I am reprimanding you right now! All while Sissy is now on the verge of tears. 47. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Listen to me Jenny...
52) 12) dialog: What?
52) 14) dialog: (in rapid sign language) I don’t care. I don’t care what your name is.... (speaking out loud) It doesn’t make the least bit of difference to me. Listen. I want you to get down on your hands and knees... (in sign language again) Start crawling from here all the way to the end of this corridor. Say as many Hail Mary’s as you can ‘til you reach the end...
52) 16) dialog: (in sign language) Now! Right now! (out loud) Get on your hands and knees Sister! Sissy then gets down on her hands and knees, starts to crawl along the floor while reciting softly.
52) 18) dialog: Wait a minute are you talking? Why are you still talking! Why are you still talking!! Sissy looks up terrified as Reverend Mother bends down, starts signing like crazy right in front of her face! REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) (in sign language) Why are you still talking! Sissy just looks at her. 48. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) (in sign language) Then say the prayer in silence! Say the prayer in silence!! In... (speaking out loud)
55) 0) text: Outside the door to Reverend Mother’s office, Mary Grace waits and paces unsure if she should enter. The door to the office then opens, with the same two girls, Theresa and Marianna both racing out, both hysterically crying. Mary Grace moves to comfort them, but then thinks the better of it as Reverend Mother also emerges. The girls disappear down the hall, leaving the two older nuns alone.
55) 2) dialog: Nothing. I’m sending those girls home.
55) 4) dialog: Is that their names? Frankly I was told their relationship was veering toward something inappropriate. (MORE )
55) 6) dialog: That they were starting to become a bit too intimate with each other?
55) 8) dialog: It doesn’t matter who. The point is they clearly don’t belong here, and they needed to be sent home. Beat. We see Mary Grace, slowly become more defiant.
55) 10) dialog: Seeking comfort in each other, is that what we all do around here now?... By the way, are you questioning me again?
55) 12) dialog: Are you questioning my judgement?
55) 14) dialog: So why don’t you tell me Mary Grace- How exactly are those girls supposed to make it their whole lives, deprived of any form of physical affection - When they can’t even make it 6 months? Mary Grace just stares at her, wondering how defiant she can really be.
55) 16) dialog: Excuse me?
55) 18) dialog: Cut what off? Pretend what’s not there?
55) 20) dialog: You know, there have been moments recently, here and there, when I’ve started to get the feeling you just don’t want to be here anymore. As if everything we do requires some sort of interrogation from you. Mary Grace just stares at the floor, shaking her head.
55) 22) dialog: Seriously! What is your problem exactly!
55) 24) dialog: Me!
55) 26) dialog: Don’t you!? God is my motivation! God is my reason and motivation for everything I do! I do everything for him! Everything!! 53.
55) 28) dialog: Oh, I believe I do!
55) 30) dialog: No you don’t! And it’s not going to effect us! Nothing is going to effect us!
55) 32) dialog: Because I don’t WANT to! And I don’t have to! I don’t have to and I don’t want to!
55) 35) dialog: THAT’S RIGHT!! FINE IS RIGHT!! FINE IS
57) 0) text: As another reading is taking place, we go to a CLOSE UP on Reverend Mother, staring off into space, seeming more consumed and distracted than ever in her own thoughts.
59) 0) text: An even larger crowd starts to overflow into the chapel, before sooner or later we see Nora there too. She is all dressed up, though perhaps a tad inappropriately, not too mention wearing a bit too much make up. As Nora then wanders to find a seat, moving in and out of more people- She accidentally bumps into none other than Reverend Mother.
66) 2) dialog: The Novitiate, as I am sure you've all heard many times....
67) 1) dialog: Is commonly understood to be the most grueling and demanding period in any nun’s life... And let me assure you, you’re experience won’t be any different. At the same time as a couple of ‘new’ Postulants who happen to be walking in the Novices path, jump to move out of the way.
68) 0) text: Inside a dimly lit and chillingly silent room, all the novices are now all crouched on their knees, facing each other in one large circle. Reverend Mother is also there walking through and amongst all the girls, looking down at them so intimidatingly.
68) 1) dialog: It is now when all your so called vocations, will be tested to their limits... It is also about learning to be perfect. (MORE )
68) 3) dialog: Because, and I hope you'd all agree, our Savior deserves no less from each of you - Than the gift of a perfect wife. Reverend Mother finally moves to a chair at the head of the room, sits down and stares at them all. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) So each week we'll be meeting in this room for an exercise called, ‘Chapter of Faults’. I myself will also always be here with you during every ‘Chapter’... And one thing I can assure you, we don’t ever leave this room until the Chapter is finished. Peering around at all the girls, we see how completely terrified they all already are. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Let’s get started... Reverend Mother then looks around for a moment, before she finally turns and looks directly at Sister Evelyn. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) You. Sister..... ?
68) 5) dialog: Evelyn, can you come here to the center of the room here please. Without raising her eyes, Evelyn shuffles across the floor on her knees, stops dead center in the middle of the circle. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Now if you wouldn’t mind Sister- I want you to think about it for a moment, and then I want you to carefully list out every single fault you’re aware in yourself, in front of all your sisters. Evelyn is clearly completely baffled and confused by these instructions.
68) 7) dialog: You don’t understand? What don’t you understand? Are you perfect?
68) 9) dialog: I mean are you a perfect person? A perfect human being? A perfect nun?
68) 11) dialog: Well wouldn't you like to be perfect? Don’t you think it’s important to always at least try to be perfect?
68) 13) dialog: Okay so what do you think it is Sister Evelyn, that most stands in the way between you and perfection?
68) 15) dialog: Correct. Because there’s really no way for any of us to achieve perfection in ourselves, is there? Without getting rid of all our faults first?
68) 17) dialog: You guess what, sister?
68) 19) dialog: So let’s hear it. Tell us your faults. More closely on Evelyn, her body begins to tremble a bit. 64.
68) 21) dialog: Woah, woah, woah! Hold up, hold up... Evelyn pauses, just halts mid sentence. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Leaving clothes on the floor. Lack of concentration, or ‘spacing out’ as you call it- While I agree these are all points of weakness in you- As far as faults go, they’re also quite superficial, and not going to get us very far in this process.... Let’s start again and this time I want you to fully examine your conscience, tell us everything you do on a daily basis to fail our Lord Christ. We peer again at all the others, from one face to the next, as all of them grow more frightened and disturbed. Beat.
68) 23) dialog: (more softly) Okay, okay,... Thank you Evelyn. That was very brave of you, thank you.
68) 25) dialog: Now for your penance I’m going to assign you 10 Hail Mary’s this week. And I'd like you to fast all day Friday.
68) 27) dialog: Wait a minute, where are you going? Evelyn stops, freezes, completely confused.
68) 29) dialog: Done? No, you’re not done. Did you hear me say you were done? Come back here. Still halted, Evelyn finally shuffles back to the center, just Reverend Mother turns to the group at large. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Now that Evelyn’s been brave enough to share some these faults in herself with all of us- I’d like to open it up to the rest of you. Can I have a volunteer please, to help point out any additional flaws they too have observed in Evelyn? Longer Beat. Everybody is dead silent, completely caught off guard, unsure what to do. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Someone please speak, we've already established she’s not perfect. 66. Continued silence, no one wants to talk. Beat.
68) 31) dialog: (turning to Candace) What?
68) 33) dialog: Evelyn, is that true? Evelyn just continues to stare at the floor trembling.
68) 37) dialog: Quiet! Evelyn your turn is over, you don't speak anymore.... More importantly, if you really had the nerve to mock this process- That’s pathetic. What kind of nun do you plan on being, if you can’t even get through a moment of self- examination without gloating... This is called the sin of pride, and I’m going to correct it in each of you, starting with you Sister Evelyn... In addition to your other penance, I want you to use the Discipline on yourself. 67. There’s a long, silent, overwhelmingly tense pause. Moving from face to face, we see how traumatized the girls are. Terrified to speak again, Evelyn then finally asks...
70) 1) dialog: Sisters, may I have your attention please. As of today we have a new member, Sister Emanuel, joining our community. Sister Emanuel was previously a member of the Sisters of Christ in New Hampshire. But as she felt the culture of the Roses was more suited to her religious needs, she’s decided to transfer here. She’1l be joining as a second year Novice. At the Novice table, all the girls immediately turn and look towards the podium, a mutual air of shock. Following their gaze, we then see a very beautiful, devout looking young woman of 24, standing beside Sister Genevieve - SISTER EMANUEL. Cathleen too then casually steals a glance at the new sister, although doesn’t seem to show much interest.
74) 0) text: Returning to another Chapter of Faults, the room is dead silent as Reverend Mother just looks around at all the girls, her eyes moving from girl to girl. Her eyes then finally land on Cathleen.
74) 1) dialog: Sister Cathleen... Stunned, Cathleen is momentarily frozen. Before she finally shuffles across the floor to the center of the room. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) What faults would you like to share with us this evening Cathleen? Cathleen pauses. It takes her a long time.
74) 3) dialog: (consolingly) Don’t wish for things you shouldn't sister. Because that means you're questioning God’s will. INT. SISTER CATHLEEN’S NOVICE CELL - NIGHT Alone and in her cell at night, Cathleen is now knelt on the floor in her nightgown and praying. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 71.
77) 0) text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt. Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the only one who notices. As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and untouched. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head. Reverend Mother turns, confused.
77) 2) dialog: What is it?
77) 4) dialog: What? What do you mean, he’s here? He’s here now?
78) 0) text: A WIDE SHOT from across the enormous room, as we see the silhouette of a man waiting by himself. Reverend Mother then hurries into the room to greet him. MOMENTS LATER they are seated across a small table from one and other, a tea set placed between them. ARCHBISHOP McCARTHY is also so exquisitely powerful and composed, while Reverend Mother actually seems a bit nervous and fidgety.
78) 2) dialog: Do I? Maybe it’s just because I haven’t been in the presence of a man in awhile. It’s unusual for me. The Archbishop laughs out loud at this. While Reverend Mother just looks confused, she doesn’t know what’s funny.
78) 4) dialog: No, I do not.
78) 6) dialog: I don’t, no.
78) 8) dialog: Right, Vatican II. Accurate to a point. Some changes we’ve adopted. Others we haven't.
78) 10) dialog: (growing defiant) Not really. To be perfectly honest, most of the memos I’ve received from your office only used the word “suggestion”. In regards to all these ridiculous reforms we’re suddenly supposed to...
78) 12) dialog: Maybe I’m just not that attuned to subtext. My apologies. Are we done here? Reverend Mother begins to get up, but he makes it clear she better sit back down.
78) 14) dialog: I have no difficulty with it. I just happen to disagree with it. All of it... Not to mention it’s a bit of a slap in the face that the sisters weren't given any voice in the matter. The Archbishop laughs again, and she again doesn’t know what’s so funny.
78) 16) dialog: We're a part of this church too...
78) 18) dialog: With all due respect, I just don’t think you really understand what this is going to do to us... Because it’s going to ruin us.... If we were really to embrace all these changes- I guarantee you it’1l destroy the very institution of Catholic nuns as we know it. 75. Beat. The Archbishop is still not moved.
78) 20) dialog: I never asked any of my girls to do anything for God, that I wouldn’t do myself.
78) 23) dialog: Excuse me?
78) 25) dialog: I’m not a woman, I’m a nun.
78) 27) dialog: There used to be. 76.
79) 2) dialog: Sister Emily, you seem to like to come in here week after week, making the same pathetic confessions of your wavering faith. Again and again and again... Frankly I think we’ve all grown tired of having to listen to this ongoing saga of your complete and utter spiritual wretchedness.... For your penance, I’m assigning you no penance at all. Why bother, it’s a complete waste of my time. At which point Reverend Mother just gets up and walks straight out of the room, leaving all the girls in shock. Beat. Everybody just looks around.
81) 0) text: Back in the dining hall and while everyone around her eats, Cathleen just stares down poking and picking at another PLATE OF FOOD. Emanuel again, seems to be the only one that notices. Cathleen then happens to catch Emanuel looking at her, who quickly turns away. It’s awkward. INT. REV. MOTHER’S HALLWAY - AFTERNOON Looking down the long hallway, Cathleen sits alone on the bench outside Reverend Mother's office, waiting. We move in CLOSER on her clearly anxious expression. Then to her HANDS, fussing and fidgeting in her lap. Finally the door to Reverend Mother’s office opens with Reverend Mother peeking out. She turns to Cathleen.
81) 1) dialog: You can come in. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Cathleen and Reverend Mother now sit across the desk from each other. Reverend Mother stares at her curiously. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 78.
81) 2) dialog: What did you want to see me about, sister? Cathleen can barely even get the words out,
81) 4) dialog: The Discipline? Why?
81) 6) dialog: It’s not okay. I can’t just give it to you, without knowing what you want it for first. A long pause, Cathleen struggles so hard to think of what to say.
81) 8) dialog: That’s what you want to punish yourself for? Cathleen nods. Reverend Mother continues to look at her. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Honestly? Cathleen nods again. Reverend Mother then opens a drawer removing the small knotted WHIP from her desk. She slides it across to Cathleen. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Be careful, it’s not a toy. Cathleen slowly takes it, begins to get up. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 79.
84) 19) dialog: How are you Mrs. Harris, I don’t think we've met...
84) 21) dialog: I’m sorry, what do you mean by that?
84) 23) dialog: Mother...
84) 25) dialog: It’s Mother, Reverend Mother. I’m not a Miss, or a Mrs. for that matter. Nora just glares.
84) 27) dialog: Mrs. Harris I understand you've had a loss in the family, and I just want to express...
84) 29) dialog: Me? What I’m doing? This is about her weight, her body, isn’t that a bit of a superficial topic...
84) 31) dialog: Please calm down.
84) 33) dialog: Honestly with all due respect Mrs. Harris, in a sense you did bring your daughter here to die. You brought her here to die to the outside world, be reborn again in Christ’s love... She's just going through a process, that’s all... For whatever it’s worth, I do understand how hard it is for any parent to give their child to God.
84) 35) dialog: No, I’m afraid I do not. But neither do you anymore either. Reverend Mother stares and Nora stares back, both so enraged it’s like they could almost get in a fist fight. Nora then slowly rises, not taking her eyes off her.
88) 0) text: Yet again we watch all the novices, in their silent, exquisite, and disturbingly precise procession, make their way through the convent grounds towards morning Mass. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING Alone in her office, Reverend Mother stares silently out the window, just watching the Novices with an oddly sad expression. We then look down to the window to another mysterious and ominous ENVELOPE placed in front of her. INT. CATHLEEN’S INFIRMARY ROOM - AFTERNOON With her head resting sideways on the pillow, Cathleen slowly opens her eyes and looks across the room to see Emanuel on the floor praying. Cathleen just watches for a moment, oddly fascinated. Before Emanuel turns and Cathleen pretends she wasn’t watching.
88) 23) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 90. Reverend Mother then puts the letter back in the envelope and just stares out the window, before she at last begins to pray.
91) 0) text: Returning to Reverend Mother, she sits alone at her desk with the huge STACK OF VATICAN II DOCUMENTS in front of her, just staring at them and staring at them. Then suddenly, in a fit of wild emotion, she begins to grab all the papers and wildly throw them across the room. It’s as if she doesn’t even know what’s come over her, but can’t stop herself. She’s so hurt and so angry. a
92) 4) dialog: Sisters, I have an announcement. I apologize this has taken me so long. But there is something very important I’ve been meaning to discuss with all of you.... I imagine by now, at least a few of you have heard of something called Vatican II. In a nutshell, there have been an ongoing series of meetings taking place in Rome over the past 3 years. (MORE )
92) 7) dialog: Meetings which have been principally concerned with the current state of our church. And with... certain revisions the Pope and others felt necessary, in order to insure the survival of the church ... We pan around to see the reactions of the utterly confused community. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) For myself, I could not be more pleased with the results of Vatican II. Or even with the brave new direction in which the church is now going. Pope John XXIII was nothing but visionary, in terms of... Umm.... Ummm..... Everybody still just looks around, not quite sure where any of this is going. Reverend Mother just shakes her head. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Well, let’s not belabor this... I’m just going to read you this memo from the Archdiocese, regarding a number of new reforms that we will all be adopting as of immediately... Reverend Mother then clears her throat, pulling out the same LETTER we saw her holding before. She slowly, deliberately begins to read straight off the page. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) “From now on, please be advised that Priests are no longer required to read the liturgy in Latin, and should face the congregation during Holy Mass.... All Catholics are further encouraged to embrace the idea of full and complete religious tolerance. While we may not share the same beliefs as others, we will honor and respect each and every individual’s belief as their own, not persecute others on the basis of their beliefs ... Please be advised also that all nuns and women religious, cloistered and non cloistered, are no longer required to wear the traditional religious habit as a symbol of their lifelong matrimony to Christ. In fact, they’re now free to wear what they want....” +e * HF
92) 11) text: He HH HHH HH HH HF HHH HH HK Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 94. At this, many of the sisters look around at each other, a mutual air of shock. “What did she just say?” REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Regarding the culture of more extreme abnegation and self-punishment, still prevalent in many of our communities today- Please be advised that according to the council, this is no longer understood to be the appropriate path to follow, for all those seeking greater union with Christ... It is no longer acceptable to view any acts of suffering, self-punishment, or extreme sacrifice - as an act of love, or way to gain favor with our Lord. We, as Catholics, need to learn to understand love in a different way... Finally, from here forward and in the eyes of both the church and God alike, the status of all nuns will be reduced as equal to that of any regular practicing Catholic. While the choice to enter the convent remains one’s own, this does not necessarily make nuns any more ‘beloved’ or ‘special’ in God’s eyes. We hear a few GASPS through the room, before everyone is suddenly silent. Total devastation. A few sisters then begin to cry. All while Reverend Mother just looks at them all so sadly, compassionately. Perhaps more than anything else, maternally. Like a Mother that feels she’s failed and let her children down. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) I’m so very sorry sisters. Enjoy the rest of your day.
94) 0) text: With the world hushed and the entire convent gone to sleep, suddenly the doors to the chapel are PUSHED RIGHT OPEN, Reverend Mother charging inside and heading straight for the altar. He HH FH HH HHH HHH HH HH HHH FH
94) 1) text: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 95. MOMENTS LATER, Reverend Mother now lays herself across the foot of the altar, staring up so desperately at the ICON OF CHRIST that looms above. Seeming like a woman who’s lost all footing in the world. She begins to whisper to God, to herself, to whatever’s out there that might still hear her....
94) 2) dialog: Where are you? Where are you? What happened to us?... You were always there, for so long, right there next to me. I could feel you with me, together with me, all the time. My darling husband... Then one day, you start leaving me!... Leaving me and leaving me all alone, to face this on my own... Reverend Mother gradually begins to cry, perhaps for the first time in 40 years. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) I bet you think that means I’ve lost faith in you too? Because that’s what you want. You want me to lose faith, to stop believing in you, so I’m the one who leaves you first. And then you don’t have to worry about my pain..... Well guess what, I’m not doing it... I made a commitment to you 40 years ago, and whatever else happens, even if you don’t want me anymore, even if you decide to turn your back on me and leave me forever... I’m still not losing faith... Because you’re all I have, and I need you. Everything is just so much harder to face without you... My Darling husband. She then rolls over on her back, laying prostrated and staring up at the ceiling, looking everywhere for him. Hoping whatever she said might somehow bring him back. INT. EMANUEL’S CELL - LATER In the darkness of her tiny cell, Emanuel lays fast asleep, before there’s a knock on her door and she wakes up. Emanuel then walks half asleep to the door, only to find Cathleen standing there in the doorway staring right back at her. They just stand there like that for a long time. Breathing so heavily, Cathleen whispers in a shaky voice. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 96.
94) 14) dialog: I take it you’re feeling better?
94) 16) dialog: Even though I wouldn’t recommend it- I appreciate the devotion you showed, starving yourself for Christ. Cathleen just looks at the ground.
94) 18) dialog: Well, there aren’t going to be any surprises. A few bumps here and there, but you've mostly been exceptional in your training here.... I really believe you belong here with us Sister, doesn’t that make you happy? Oddly expressionless, Cathleen just nods. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) You don’t seem happy?
94) 20) dialog: I don’t know how much you’ve heard about Vatican II? Cathleen looks up surprised.
94) 22) dialog: You know, when I first came here, when I first came to this convent all those years ago now... I had nothing. Cathleen looks again. Unsure how to handle her sudden candor and intimacy. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Nothing. No home, no family, no one to look after me... Nothing.... And the church, the church was the only thing to ever hold me. The only thing to ever embrace me... The church gave me my life, my work, my community, even my identity... Cathleen just stares at her, a strange moment of connection as if they both understand each other more deeply than they thought. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Don’t you see? Now Vatican II wants to take all that away. Vatican II wants to invalidate all that, for all of us, saying none of it matters. That nothing we do matters anymore... But then my question is - What is it that really does still matter. Reverend Mother just stares at Cathleen, who stares back at her. We hold on them looking at each other like this.
95) 5) dialog: Okay fine, thank you sister. For your penance, say 3 extra Hail Marys before bed each night. Do it quickly if you like. Still staring at the ground, Charlotte waits a beat, then shuffles back to her place. Reverend Mother looks around the room. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Sister Cathleen, come forward please. Cathleen looks up, before she too shuffles to the center of the room. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Sister Cathleen, do you have any accusations you'd like to make against yourself? Any new faults you want to share with us? Beat. Cathleen is silent. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Cathleen, did you hear what I said? Faults - Do you have faults for us?
95) 8) dialog: Feelings? What kind of feelings?
95) 10) dialog: Feel what?
95) 12) dialog: More than God can give you, what is that supposed to mean!
95) 14) dialog: (genuine shock) What does that mean!? Explain yourself Sister! Emanuel starts to tremble. Cathleen just shakes her head. Silence. REVEREND MOTHER (CONT’D) Explain it!
95) 17) dialog: I don’t understand! Were you intimate with someone in this room? Who? Call her out! Call her out right now! We turn to Emanuel again, she can barely take it.
95) 19) dialog: Cathleen, what EXACTLY did you do!? And with WHOM did you do it!! Emanuel continues to remain stone faced.
95) 21) dialog: I want to know who! Cathleen is still on the verge of tears, but still won’t cry.
95) 23) dialog: You want your penance Cathleen!!
95) 25) dialog: 
95) 29) dialog: 
95) 33) dialog: 
96) 0) text: Looking at the line of sisters now waiting to enter the dining hall, we see how utterly emptied and diminished the community has become. As if nearly half the community has disappeared in the blink of an eye. We hold briefly on Reverend Mother’s expression, still standing at the door, still formally greeting each sister as they pass - She tries to put on a brave face, but it’s clearly she’s broken inside. At the back of the line, Sisters Emily and Evelyn also whisper to each other.
99) 0) text: We hold tightly on Nora jut as her eyes look all around, clearly anxious and uneasy about something. PULLING BACK we see Nora is also wedged in amidst a SMALL CROWD of people inside the church. 106. All dressed in Sunday best, moving and bumping into each other, trying to find seats. As Nora again moves down the center aisle, she notices Reverend Mother somewhere across the chapel, just as Reverend Mother notices her too. They both avoid eye contact.