15) 0) text: It’s recess hour on another day. Though as all the other girls run and play, Cathleen just sits by herself against a tree. Somewhat of a loner. Another teacher, a rather attractive young nun of roughly 30, then gradually approaches. SISTER MARGARET- Not only one of the ‘cooler’ teachers at school, but a woman whose very presence exudes an ocean of understanding.
15) 1) dialog: Hey there. How come you’re sitting all alone? You don’t want to join the others? Cathleen suddenly looks up.
15) 3) dialog: Oh no? Me neither. I’m told they’re overrated. Cathleen laughs. Sister Margaret winks sweetly and sits down beside her.
15) 4) dialog: I’m Sister Margaret by the way. You’re Cathleen, right? I haven’t had you in my class yet, but I’ve noticed you...
15) 6) dialog: Sure, I noticed you because you’re shy like me. You seem to like to be by yourself a lot? To think a lot?
15) 8) dialog: It’s okay, I like to be by myself and think a lot too. Cathleen just stares at her for a moment.
15) 10) dialog: (thoughtfully) Probably seems stupid, but mostly about God. Whenever I’m alone, I like to sit by myself and just contemplate him, wonder about him, even love him inside my mind... I know a lot of girls at this school find that quite silly. Cathleen looks at Sister Margaret so captivated.
15) 12) dialog: You don’t? Well thank you for that. They both laugh. Sister Margaret then quickly stands back up, reaches a hand down to Cathleen.
15) 13) dialog: Come here, I want to show you something. Can I show you something...
16) 0) text: Now inside the school’s tiny chapel, votive candles illumine the altar, highlighting a tiny WOODEN HOUSE and a HALO of GOLD LIGHT. A TALL STATUE OF CHRIST looms proudly in the corner. The door to the chapel then opens, with Sister Margaret quietly leading Cathleen inside and into a pew. Sister Margaret stares at the altar in a strange sort of reverential silence, then whispers to Cathleen. 16.
16) 1) dialog: You see that little light in there. That's his light, God’s light... And the statue behind, that’s the savior of course, Jesus Christ. Cathleen just takes it all in.
16) 3) dialog: Just because someone likes to be alone, doesn’t mean they don’t sometimes still crave intimacy.
16) 5) dialog: Of course I do. More than do. Because I’m married to them silly. Didn’t you know that, all nuns are Brides of Christ. Cathleen now looks at her, so confused.
16) 7) dialog: (blushing a little) Oh, I’m not so sure about that. And either way, I doubt any other relationship would’ve been quite as fulfilling... It’s twice as hard to love God as anybody else. Which for me, means my love is twice as worthy. Another SCHOOL BELL chimes in the distance.
16) 8) dialog: Ooops, I gotta go. Got class. Sister Margaret then gets up, looks down at Cathleen.
16) 9) dialog: Well come on, you coming? Cathleen thinks it over, turns back to Margaret sweetly. 17.
22) 0) text: Sitting across the desk from Sister Margaret in her office, Cathleen seems almost breathless as she tries to explain.
22) 2) dialog: Really? You're serious?... I didn’t realize you’d even been thinking about it so seriously Cathleen?
22) 4) dialog: Telling you to be a nun...?
22) 6) dialog: So many girls your age pray and pray for a vocation that never comes. If it really was His voice calling you, consider yourself very lucky. Cathleen just smiles, starting to blush.
22) 7) dialog: You’re such a passionate girl, you remind me of myself at your age.... I’m happy for you Cathleen. I think you’re making the right decision.