26) 0) text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS, most of them fresh out of school, all sit around whispering and waiting. 23. As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to begin the first stage of their training as nuns. Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all, are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet, giving an occasional “Shhhhh”.... Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56- A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style, who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere presence so halting and domineering, as to already put the fear of God in these girls. Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room, looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why.... Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
27) 0) text: Almost afraid to look back at them, Sister Mary Grace now leads a sleepy, clumsy, confused and out of step procession of all these girls down the staircase in the postulant dorm. They all keep tripping and stumbling over each other, while Mary Grace just shakes her head.
32) 0) text: All together in a tight circle, the entire group of new postulants surround SISTER MARY GRACE- Whom we ourselves now recognize to be an incredibly warm, kind, almost progressive feeling young woman. To such a point in fact, it’s hard to reconcile how her personality conforms to that of a nun. Mary Grace just smiles at all the girls, trying to make each one feel welcome. All while her two main subordinates, Sisters Anne and Kate who themselves seem a lot less welcoming, stand behind and watch.
32) 1) dialog: I haven’t really had a chance to formally introduce myself yet. But I’m Sister Mary Grace and I will be your Postulant Mistress for the next 6 months. Perhaps even your Novice Mistress after that... (MORE)
32) 3) dialog: Oh, and these are Sisters Anne and Sister Catherine, Kate. Both first year professed, both just took their final VOWS... (she smiles toward the girls) We’re so very proud of them.... Anyway all of us, all 3 of us, are really just here to help guide you, as you start to adapt to our way of life here... And I’m sure it’s all going to feel very different at first. That’s okay, that’s normal... I know when I first came here, everything seemed so strange, I didn’t think I'd ever truly make it as a nun... But please don’t worry. Just do the best you can. I’m sure you’re all going to do great... We notice reactions of all the girls, they all seem so comforted by her, even a bit enamored. SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) So the first thing we should go over is the schedule... Postulants usually have the same schedule everyday. And really the most important thing, is you pay close attention to the bell. Because really everything we do here, all day long, all comes down to the bell... Mary Grace smiles once more as the sound of another BELL is heard. At the same time as music drifts in...
33) 1) dialog: So the first bell you’1l hear each morning is the 5am bell. INT. SISTER CANDACE’S ROOM - MORNING Alone in her cell, Sister Candace so intensely and passionately whispers her morning prayer to Christ. 29.
33) 3) dialog: That’s the bell that let’s us all know it’s time to get up, get dressed, get ready for morning Mass.... INT. SISTER CHARLOTTE’S ROOM —- MORNING As Charlotte too, kneels by the side of her bed saying the same prayer, soon the two sisters’ voices are joined. Followed by more and more voices, creating an ongoing chorus of collective whispered prayer.
35) 1) dialog: Mass begins once Father Luca arrives. Father always keeps his back to us the whole time, and he always reads the liturgy in Latin... Turning into the pews, we then see sisters Emily, Evelyn and Candace all sharing the same Latin/English TRANSLATION BIBLE - The poor girls are desperately trying to figure out what Father Luca is actually saying.
36) 1) dialog: After daily chores, you'll hear the third bell of the morning. That’s how you'll know that Grand Silence is over...
38) 1) dialog: As you probably noticed, all our meals begin with a reading. And even though it’s after Grand Silence, we do try and remain as quiet as possible during meals... At the same time and as the reading continues, we notice one young NOVICE strangely step away from her table, slowly walk to the center of the room and lay herself prostrate on the floor.
38) 2) dialog: (CONT'D)
39) 1) dialog: Everyday after the 3pm bell, is when we have our lessons together... Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 31.
40) 1) dialog: As you probably remember, Reverend Mother made it very clear that we are not to speak during Grand Silence... So let’s practice a little of our sign language, shall we.... The girls then all quickly open the little SIGN LANGUAGE BOOKLETS on their desks, with Mary Grace looking over all their shoulders, helping them all.
43) 0) text: A beautiful sunny afternoon as all the postulants lay together in a field of grass, surrounding Sister Mary Grace. Sister Evelyn also in the midst of explaining...
43) 2) dialog: Thank you sister. Okay, who’s next... Sister Emily then immediately raises her hand. 33.
43) 4) dialog: And what about you Sister Cathleen? Did you always know you wanted to be a nun? Cathleen looks self-conscious.
43) 9) dialog: (scolding) Shhh, Sister Candace, please... Ladies, come on.... 34.
43) 12) dialog: Huh? No, it’s the opposite actually.... She pauses to see if Reverend Mother might give up some of her attention. Not finding it, she continues. SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) I’ve really been so impressed with them as a group. They all seem so excited and full of energy. So passionate about really discovering their relationships with Christ... I’d be lying if I were to say their enthusiasm didn’t make me a bit jealous. At this Reverend Mother seems to glance up, but only briefly.
43) 14) dialog: Sorry, what is that you’re reading? 35. Reverend Mother finally slides the documents to the side, turning more directly to Mary Grace.
43) 16) dialog: Vatican what? What is that?
43) 18) dialog: Really? Meaning what exactly?
43) 20) dialog: Really, wow... But that’s a good thing though, don’t you think? The church hasn't reviewed any of its practices in over a 100 years, maybe longer... Isn’t it a good thing? All while Reverend Mother just looks at her so steely.
43) 22) dialog: (caught off guard) You? No, of course not Mother. I just...
43) 24) dialog: Well what kind of reforms are they talking about exactly? Is that what’s in the memo? Can I see? Reverend Mother quickly slides the documents out of reach.
49) 0) text: All alone in the back of the darkened chapel, we find Sister Mary Grace lost in thought. Looking more closely she seems a bit stressed, if not silently stricken by something. She tries to pray, but for some reason just can’t. Tries to pray again, but still can’t. Finally she just stares off into space, searching for the answer to something.
51) 0) text: The entire community of Roses is once again gathered for Mass. The priest beckons all the sisters to pray, as we watch a sea of black heads all bow at once. INT. SISTER MARY GRACE’S CELL - NIGHT Later in the evening, Mary Grace returns to her cell. Carefully removing her veil, she shakes loose all her tangled hair, then plops down on a chair, staring vacantly into space. She remains frozen for a long moment, before she then slowly reaches a hand down to pull up the bottom of her habit, moves her hand between her legs and begins to masturbate. She does it all very rapidly, mechanically, almost as if all she wants is to get it over with as soon as possible. As if the shame of the act is something she can actually out race by doing it fast enough. Finally reaching a climax she drops her head down, breathing heavily. Her eyes drift off and stare at the floor and for a second, it almost looks like she might cry. This is a woman in a lot more secret pain and confusion than even she herself realizes. 45. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - DAY All alone in her office, Reverend Mother sits talking on the phone in what appears to be a very tense call.
53) 2) dialog: That’s okay. How are you Sister Cathleen? You can come sit down if you like? Hesitant at first, Cathleen then goes and sits in the pew behind Mary Grace. Mary Grace turns and smiles at her. SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) How's everything been going for you sister?
53) 4) dialog: And what about the others? Are the others still upset about Sister Sissy being sent home?
53) 6) dialog: Do you often come to the chapel to pray by yourself?
53) 9) dialog: I’m pretty sure he’s okay with it.
53) 11) dialog: I have a feeling he really wants you here Cathleen. His light shines all around you. I think you’ll make a great nun. Cathleen smiles so brightly at this, nearly blushing.
53) 13) dialog: Do me a favor though, just make sure it’s what you want too. Because your wants matter too. Do you know what I mean by that? Cathleen just looks at her and nods, even though it’s clear she has no idea what it means. Mary Grace then walks out, leaving Cathleen so helplessly confused. INT. SISTER EMILY’S ROOM - DAY All alone in her cell, Sister Emily is knelt on the floor praying.
54) 0) text: It is Choir practice as Sister Mary Grace sits in the pews, watching all the postulants go through their chanting of the DIVINE OFFICE.
55) 1) dialog: What was that all about? What just happened?
55) 3) dialog: Who? Theresa and Marianna? But why?
55) 7) dialog: “Too intimate”? By who? Reverend Mother just stares at Mary Grace, not exactly pleased with the sudden line of questioning.
55) 9) dialog: But they’re just young girls, away from home for the first time. They’re probably just friends, seeking comfort in each other...
55) 11) dialog: Questioning you?.... No, I...
55) 13) dialog: No, Mother... I’m just...
55) 15) dialog: (under her breath) Honestly, I don’t know. Because I don’t know how anybody does that... Now Reverend Mother suddenly looks shocked, and PISSED. 52.
55) 17) dialog: What I mean is it’s only natural to want to... Because you can’t just cut it off. You can’t pretend it’s not there...
55) 19) dialog: Forget it. Reverend Mother is silent for a long moment, weighing her words carefully. She then moves closer to Mary Grace.
55) 21) dialog: Maybe. I don’t know? Maybe that’s true? Before suddenly Reverend Mother’s anger level jumps big.
55) 23) dialog: I don’t know! I don’t know what my problem is! Maybe a part of my problem is you!
55) 25) dialog: Because I just don’t understand what you’re doing anymore- I don’t understand your motivations!
55) 27) dialog: But that doesn’t necessarily mean you’re really doing what he wants! Honestly, do you really think any of us know for sure what he wants from us...
55) 29) dialog: Well I think it’s wrong for you to keep us in the dark about Vatican II! Whatever changes are happening, whatever’s in all those documents you keep hiding! If it’s really going to effect us, then we all deserve to know!
55) 31) dialog: Then why can’t you just tell us what’s really going on!
55) 33) dialog: Oh you know what, okay, FINE!... FINE!
55) 37) dialog: I know this isn’t our normal hour together, but I just wanted to call you all in here, to let you know something...
56) 1) dialog: I wanted to let you all know that I’ve decided I’m going to be leaving the convent... I’m so sorry I won’t be here to see you all take your first vows. The room falls silent. All the girls look so shocked.
56) 4) dialog: No, it’s not because of her. It’s not because of anything... I’m just not sure this life is for me anymore? I’ve been a Rose since I was 16 years old, I’1l always love this place. The place where I grew up ... But I’m not meant to be here anymore. They all look so sad, a few begin to cry. SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) As for Reverend Mother, I know it’s hard to understand... But I promise, all she really wants is for you to be the best nuns possible. (MORE)
56) 5) text: SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) To serve God in the best way possible, with the most dignity... I know it may not seem like it, but she does care.
56) 7) dialog: Yes. I’ll always be a member of the church, the church is my family. And you, all my sisters, that I’ve lived here with day in and day out- You’re my family too... She now looks at them so tenderly. SISTER MARY GRACE (CONT’D) I want each and every one of you to know, that I love you with everything in my heart. We hold for a beat on Mary Grace’s face, then slowly.... FADE OUT.