33) 0) text: Following behind a faceless nun, we pick up Sister Anne as she crosses, quickly looking up toward the steeple as the bell continues.
44) 0) text: The Postulants all stand gathered around Sister Anne, in the midst of demonstrating “how to walk” to them. As she speaks, we also notice that Sister Anne, like Sister Kate, is a bit meaner and less tolerant than Mary Grace.
44) 1) dialog: Everybody pay attention! I’m going to show you how we walk. It’s called, ‘Custody of the eyes’... Sister Anne then begins to walk in a straight line, demonstrating the specific posture to perfection. SISTER ANNE (CONT’D) You put your hands inside your sleeve like this. Always go slowly, gracefully, never ever in a hurry... Most important is you keep your eyes down. Make sure you’re always looking straight ahead at the floor in front of you.
44) 3) dialog: Excuse me? 37.
44) 5) dialog: Shhh! Not that it’s your place to question anything sister... But it’s a part of our discipline. We keep our eyes down to show God how focused we are on always giving him our full attention. Anne then looks around, motioning to Sisters Emily and Charlotte.
97) 0) text: With the now only few remaining NOVICES all gathered in the chapel atrium beside a small RACK OF AWAITING WEDDING DRESSES, suddenly Cathleen, Evelyn and Candace hurry in. Fussing with the dresses, Sister Anne looks up and glares at them.
97) 1) dialog: You 3 are late. Is everyone here now? Who wants to be fitted first... Sister Anne hands Cathleen her dress as Sister Emily randomly goes over to the rack, starts looking over all the dresses and counting to herself.
97) 3) dialog: (nonchalant) Sister Emanuel’s dress won’t be needed anymore, because Sister Emanuel has left. She’s not going to be taking vows with the rest of you anymore. Suddenly they all turn, just staring at Anne in shock.
97) 5) dialog: I have no idea. She just left, that’s all I know. My guess is she just didn’t want to be a nun anymore. As the others all look around at each other in disbelief. We turn to Cathleen, who’s already off-kilter state of confusion has just amplified tenfold. 105.