43) 3) dialog: Well as for me, I had two cousins, and one older sister that all chose the Sisterhood. So in a way, I guess you could say it’s kind of in my blood... Matter of fact my great aunt was even once named Mother General for the whole entire state of Texas... Emily smiles proudly, as many of the other girls look impressed. SISTER EMILY (CONT’D) Pretty much as far back as I can remember, all I wanted was just to follow in all their footsteps... (somewhat in jest) Who knows, maybe even one day die young and become a saint! There’s a bit of laughter through the crowd, even Mary Grace can’t help but laugh. She glances around again, before her eyes land on Cathleen.
44) 8) dialog: Yeah, I started thinking about her too...
53) 14) dialog: Lord please forgive for all the mistakes I’ve made so far as a postulant. I didn’t focus enough on my prayers this morning and I rushed straight to Mass.... Because I just wanted to be with my friends. And I’m sorry sometimes if it seems like I pay more attention to my friends, than I do you. I’m hoping to change that.... Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50.
56) 2) dialog: What? But what do you mean? Where are you going?
62) 3) dialog: With the help of God, I have come to know in this community....
65) 3) dialog: I’M MARRIED TO JESUS CHRIST!! They all continue to laugh and twirl around the fire like little girls, reminding us again how ridiculously young they still are. 61.
72) 0) text: On a sunny afternoon, Sister Cathleen and Sister Emily sit alone together, in a tall field of swaying grass.
72) 1) dialog: It just gets to me you know. Like I just think of how young we still are. All the things we could be doing, if we weren’t stuck in here, in the Novitiate. All my friends back home, they’re all just doing normal teenage stuff- Going to drive-in movies, going roller skating, watching the fireworks on the 4th of July, going on dates with boys. Even....
72) 3) dialog: (she whispers it) You know... Sex. Cathleen just looks at her, shocked then immediately starts blushing. SISTER EMILY (CONT’D) You can’t tell me you’ve never thought about it. Everybody does, even nuns, they just never talk about it.
72) 5) dialog: Because everybody does. It’s normal. More normal than you think.
72) 7) dialog: You never kissed a boy before you came here, nothing like that... Cathleen shakes her head.
72) 9) dialog: Once. It was nice actually. I bet you’d like it too. Cathleen suddenly blushes even harder.
79) 0) text: Yet another “Chapter of Faults”, as all the Novices kneel in silence, with Sister Emily in the center.
79) 1) dialog: I never thought I’d say this, but there are times when I question if God is real?... It’s so horrible, I know. But what scares me to think is, what if he doesn’t really exist? Turning to Reverend Mother, we see how completely checked out she seems, as if her thoughts are literally miles away. SISTER EMILY (CONT’D) What if he’s just something we all made up one day, then everybody started believing it... All the things we do for him, everything we all put ourselves through, how we push ourselves and push ourselves to live only in his image... If it ever turned out that God didn’t really exist- Then who would we all be doing it for? Turning back to Reverend Mother, it takes a moment for her to even realize Emily has finished. Everybody waiting on her word, she finally checks back into the present.
80) 0) text: A large clothes line is hung, with a small group of Novices busying themselves doing laundry. 77. Glancing across the courtyard, Sister Emily then happens to notice Sister Emanuel walking by herself, head down, minding her own business. Emily shoots a look over to Sister Candace, as the girls start whispering.
80) 1) dialog: I just don’t understand who she is or what she’s even doing here?
80) 3) dialog: Are you serious? Does she really think she’s that holy? They both giggle out loud, then stop themselves.
96) 1) dialog: Where is everyone?
96) 3) dialog: Gone? What did you mean gone? Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 104.
97) 2) dialog: Why are there only 5 dresses? Where’s Sister Emanuel’s?