2) 0) text: ANGLE ON an OLD WOODEN CLAPPER. As we now find ourselves inside the long central hallway of a small dormitory for girls, known as the “Novitiate”. We follow behind as another NUN, SISTER GENEVIEVE, 47- Gradually makes her way down the hall, clapper in hand. It’s 5 am and she is loudly ‘clacking’ beside the door of each and every girl that is housed here. It’s her job to awaken them all, make sure they’re never late for Mass.
3) 1) dialog: Benedicamus Domino... With Cathleen and all her fellow novices calling back.
26) 0) text: At the same time inside the convent’s large and well appointed meeting room, a group of about 20 YOUNG GIRLS, most of them fresh out of school, all sit around whispering and waiting. 23. As a matter of fact these are all the order’s new POSTULANTS, including Cathleen, who’ve just arrived to begin the first stage of their training as nuns. Lingering around the front keeping an eye on them all, are also 3 older sisters- SISTER MARY GRACE, 30. SISTERS ANNE and KATE, 27 - They try and keep the room quiet, giving an occasional “Shhhhh”.... Before all out of nowhere the room falls silent. And just as none other than REVEREND MOTHER MARIE SAINT CLARE, 56- A frank, tough as nails clergy woman of the old style, who occasionally lets her under developed emotions get the better of her- Finally enters. Reverend Mother quietly makes her way to the front of the room, flanked by her most loyal lieutenant, Sister Genevieve. Her mere presence so halting and domineering, as to already put the fear of God in these girls. Now Reverend Mother just stands at the head of the room, looking over all the girls. She remains DEAD SILENT for such a strangely long time, no one quite sure why.... Before finally another BELL chimes, at which point Reverend Mother immediately relaxes and smiles.
31) 0) text: A little LATER inside the dining hall, rows upon rows of old wooden tables trace the room’s perimeter, where each group of sisters all sit according to rank. At the same time, the entire room stands waiting in silence. While Sister Genevieve provides the community a reading before the meal.
31) 1) dialog: Totally love Him. Him, who gave Himself totally for your love. He Christ is the splendor of eternal glory. The brightness of eternal light. The mirror without cloud. We again hold on Cathleen, as she continues to listen and pray.
42) 2) dialog: Excuse me Reverend Mother, sorry to bother you. But you just received another package from the Archdiocese... Reverend Mother then looks up a bit surprised.
57) 1) dialog: (at the pulpit) We become what we love and who we love shapes what we become. Imitation is not a literal mimicking of Christ, rather it means becoming an image of the beloved. An image disclosed through transformation. MOMENTS LATER the room has fallen silent, with everybody sitting down to eat, including Reverend Mother. Before suddenly, there is the sound of a loud and strange sort of COMMOTION. 56.
70) 0) text: With the entire community once again gathered for the afternoon meal, suddenly Sister Genevieve stands and begins clinking her fork on a glass, addressing the room. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 68.
77) 0) text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt. Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the only one who notices. As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and untouched. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head. Reverend Mother turns, confused.
77) 1) dialog: Excuse me Mother, sorry to bother you...
77) 3) dialog: The Archbishop is here to see you. Now Reverend Mother’s face suddenly looks a bit panicked, she clearly wasn’t expecting this.
77) 5) dialog: Yes, I’m afraid so. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 73.
82) 0) text: On a beautiful sunny afternoon, Cathleen sits on a bench by herself reading the Bible. Suddenly Sister Genevieve then walks across the courtyard to her.
82) 1) dialog: Excuse me Sister, but your Mother’s here to see you. Cathleen then looks up, staring at Genevieve confused.
83) 1) dialog: It's okay, Reverend Mother said you’re allowed to use the other door today. Cathleen then follows her through the alternate door.
84) 17) dialog: Reverend Mother? You mean Reverend Mother?
85) 0) text: As Cathleen looks down to her plate to see a large hunk of highly unappetizing meatloaf staring back at her, we can tell how incredibly difficult this is for her. We then notice Sister Genevieve across the room staring straight at her, watching her like a hawk. Cathleen fully aware she’s being watched. Ever so slowly, Cathleen then finally begins to eat. She does so deliberately, one bite after another. One bite after another. One bite after... Before all out of nowhere, Cathleen suddenly starts gagging and grabbing at her stomach, literally doubling over! She gets up to try and excuse herself but immediately falls to the floor, coughing and dry heaving, as her stomach tries to force her food back up. All the other novices instantly rush over to try and help. HARD TO BLACK.