77) 0) text: Inside the refectory, the entire community all eat in silence. Except for Cathleen, who simply stares down at her plate of food as if it disgusts her. As if not eating might somehow absolve her secret, crippling guilt. Across the table, Sister Emanuel happens to glance at Cathleen and then down at her plate. She seems to be the only one who notices. As a Postulant then finally comes around to collect everyone’s plate, Cathleen hands hers over, full and untouched. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S PRIVATE CHAPEL - AFTERNOON Inside Reverend Mother’s small private chapel, she kneels on the floor, deeply praying. There’s then a KNOCK at the door, with Sister Genevieve peeking her head. Reverend Mother turns, confused.
80) 0) text: A large clothes line is hung, with a small group of Novices busying themselves doing laundry. 77. Glancing across the courtyard, Sister Emily then happens to notice Sister Emanuel walking by herself, head down, minding her own business. Emily shoots a look over to Sister Candace, as the girls start whispering.
87) 0) text: Inside a small infirmary room we come to a CLOSE UP on Cathleen fast asleep, little sheets of rain from the window outside, reflecting over her face. After a moment, a vague shadow then passes over her face. Now Cathleen suddenly jolts awake, shocked to see none other than Sister Emanuel standing over her. She stares at Emanuel for a long moment, unsure if she’s dreaming.
87) 2) dialog: (in sign language) I didn’t mean to wake you. Reverend Mother asked me to check on you. Cathleen just looks at her. Slowly propping herself up in the bed.
87) 4) dialog: Yes. And it’s okay, we don’t have to sign, it’s not Grande Silence yet. Cathleen tries to roll over a bit but winces, clearly her stomach is still hurting her. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) Are you hungry? Maybe you should eat something.... They asked me to bring you soup from the dining hall. Hold on... Emanuel then walks across the room, grabbing a small bowl of soup she left by the door and hands it to Cathleen.
87) 9) dialog: It’s not that I didn’t like it. I just thought it would be better for me to be a Rose. Thought it would be easier.
87) 11) dialog: Sometimes when things are stricter that makes it easier. I mean, for me I guess.
87) 13) dialog: You’re really good at it, aren’t you?
87) 15) dialog: Being a nun. What I mean is, it just seems to come so naturally to you. Cathleen pauses, as if she’s never given it much thought.
87) 17) dialog: I admire you.
87) 19) dialog: I admire your devotion. How much you seem to feel. What you’re willing to go through. All the passion you feel, it seems so real with you. +e * HF Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 87.
87) 21) dialog: (in sign language) That's Grande Silence, I better go. Cathleen looks a bit disappointed but doesn’t show it, now watching her leave.
87) 24) dialog: (in sign language) You're welcome.
88) 3) dialog: Not long. You look better today. Are you feeling better?
88) 5) dialog: Did you sleep well? Beat. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) Do you want me to help you change out of your nightgown? You've been wearing that one for a few days now. Cathleen suddenly looks panicked, it’s an awkward 88. question that she’s not quite sure how to respond to.
88) 7) dialog: Maybe it’s a weird question- But why did you do it? Why did you starve yourself like that, make yourself sick? Did you do it for Christ? Cathleen looks caught off guard, embarrassed. She’s still partially unclothed. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) Sorry, it’s none of my business... Cathleen finishes putting the nightgown on.
88) 13) dialog: But what are you starving for, on the inside I mean? Cathleen is speechless for a moment.
88) 15) dialog: It really isn’t any of my business...
88) 17) dialog: What way?
88) 19) dialog: I know what you mean, it’s kind of the hardest thing about being a nun for me.
88) 21) dialog: Friendship. INT. REVEREND MOTHER’S OFFICE - MORNING Back in Reverend Mother’s office, she finally reaches for the envelope and opens it. Inside is a small TWO PAGE LETTER, which she then begins to read. Watching her eyes read over the letter, line by line, it’s as if each line makes her more and more upset, even devastated by whatever the letter is telling her. + eH
89) 1) dialog: Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe in God; believe also in me. In my Father’s house are many rooms. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you... At the same time, we begin to PUSH IN on Cathleen, her * face and eyes, as she listens. Expressionless for a long time, all out of nowhere Cathleen begins to cry - Completely confusing Emanuel. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) What’s wrong? What happened? Did I do * something wrong? Cathleen just stares at her through her tears, barely able to communicate. Emanuel looks so confused, not knowing what to say. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) I don’t understand? I don’t understand? I don’t mean to upset you... A beat passes with Emanuel totally frozen, before Cathleen gradually seems to regain herself. We then happen to notice Cathleen’s HAND fall along the top of the bed, with Emanuel’s eyes accidentally looking toward it. They are silent for a beat, Cathleen sniffling, before Emanuel looks at her so compassionately then almost involuntarily reaches her hand over to gently hold Cathleen’s. But then in an almost knee jerk and spontaneous reaction, Cathleen immediately YANKS her hand away. Silence. It’s so awkward, both of them so shocked, speechless and deeply uncomfortable. * Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 91. But then Cathleen gradually lays her hand back down. Before slowly, tentatively, exploringly inching her fingers back across the fabric to touch the edges of Emanuel’s fingers. With each of their eyes turned completely away, Emanuel too gradually allows her fingers to intertwine with Cathleen’s. Until finally they are fully holding hands. Beat. Now all out of nowhere it’s Emanuel who suddenly jumps up off the bed, violently yanking her hand away, panicked! SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) Sorry! That was a mistake! I’m sorry! I’m really sorry! Don’t tell anyone, please! That was a mistake! Cathleen tries to hide her shock and shame.
89) 3) dialog: It’s okay. I’m sorry. I have to go now, okay.
92) 0) text: As a heavy rain begins to fall, we turn to find Sister Emanuel now crawling by herself against the cold stone ground. She is literally soaked to the bone, praying out loud as she enacts her own penance, desperate to punish herself as much as possible.
92) 1) dialog: Lord, make me an instrument of Thy peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; where there is sadness, joy. O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console; to be understood, as to understand; to be loved, as to love.... Love, love, love, love, love, love... FADE OUT.
94) 4) dialog: You’re not supposed to be here. But Cathleen doesn’t move, just stays where she is. Emanuel goes back to her bed and sits, with Cathleen * following and sitting on the other end of the bed from her. They are dead silent for a long beat. SISTER EMANUEL (CONT’D) * What do you want from me? * Tears well in Cathleen’s eyes, so confused by her own emotions she doesn’t know how to express it. Long pause.
94) 7) dialog: I can’t...do that.
94) 10) dialog: Shhhh, don’t cry.... Okay, okay. I will. I‘1l comfort you, okay, please just stop talking, stop crying. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 97.
95) 0) text: We hear the sound of the mid afternoon bell, as Cathleen is now walking by herself back through the colonnade. At the same time and coming in the opposite direction, is Sister Emanuel. Cathleen and Emanuel then cross in the middle, all while both maintain such rigidity in their ‘Custody of the Eyes’, it’s hard to tell if they even see each other. Then suddenly Cathleen stops, turns and looks at Emanuel.
95) 2) dialog: Yes Sister....? They continue to look at each other. As it’s gradually clear Emanuel has no plans to knowledge her. Emanuel then turns and walks away. Beat.