33) 2) dialog: Oh Lord, through the immaculate heart of Mary, I offer you my prayers, works and sufferings throughout this day.
42) 0) text: We then return once more to Sister Candace, and her ceaseless, repetitious, but deeply passionate praying. We hold on her like this, as the music gradually fades... HARD TO BLACK.
43) 6) dialog: What? What do you mean you weren’t raised in the church? Aren’t you Catholic?
44) 2) dialog: Why? Sister Anne then stops dead in her tracks, turns and glares at Candace.
44) 4) dialog: Why do we have to walk like that? I mean, what if we can’t see where we’re going? A few GIGGLES erupt from the group.
48) 2) dialog: That's the point, isn’t it. I want to die here. I want to die here, cause I know it’s the closest place on earth to get to Heaven. Beat.
48) 4) dialog: Like what?
48) 6) dialog: Who cares, they’1ll be dead already, so it’s not like they’1l notice... Don’t you think just knowing he knows we’re here for him, knowing we’re so much more special to him, than anybody else- Don’t you think that makes it worth it?
48) 8) dialog: Well, why’d you want to come here then? Sissy suddenly looks a bit embarrassed.
48) 10) dialog: Huh? What are you talking about?
62) 7) dialog: My desire is to be allowed to make perpetual profession within this community....
66) 1) dialog: Why are they taking our mirrors away? The others just keep watching and shrug. Beat.
68) 30) dialog: I saw her smile.
68) 32) dialog: Just now, when you said she did a good job... I saw her smile... Like she was pleased with herself, like it was alla joke to her. Reverend Mother turns again to Evelyn,
68) 35) dialog: I didn’t!! You’re vain!! With Evelyn yelling back!
69) 5) dialog: Sister, I’m so sorry... I’m so sorry for the things I said... I don’t think you’re vain at all. Evelyn herself turns to Candace sweetly.
73) 0) text: Music begins to drift in, as held alone in a single frame, Sister Candace gives a reading before the meal. Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 70.
73) 1) dialog: Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth. For your love is better than wine; your anointing oils are fragrant; your name is oil poured out on me; therefore virgins love you. Draw me after you; let us run...
80) 0) text: A large clothes line is hung, with a small group of Novices busying themselves doing laundry. 77. Glancing across the courtyard, Sister Emily then happens to notice Sister Emanuel walking by herself, head down, minding her own business. Emily shoots a look over to Sister Candace, as the girls start whispering.
80) 2) dialog: Apparently the S.0.C’s weren’t strict enough for her. I guess she came here for all the extra self punishment.