1) 440) dialog: What? What happened to her.
1) 442) dialog: About what? What happened to her? Jane and Ben look at him. Is he a criminal and a drug add Yes. Is he a liar? Sure. Is he lying now -- not a chance. CHIP (CONT’D) What did those crackers do? No one speaks. Beat.
1) 445) dialog: «++. You said was. Why did you say was? (Chip looks up at Cory) What happened. Why did she say was? (MORE )
1) 447) dialog: She just said was -- why did she say was? Cory stands up, walks over to him. Kneels close. Speaks softly as he points toward the mountains.
1) 449) dialog: «+. WHAAATTTT????? From across the frozen plains, we look at Sam Littlefeath house -- smoke rising through a hole in the roof. Chip’s screams carrying across the white desert -- or perhaps it the wind howling. In this place they sound the same. EXT. LITTLEFEATHER HOUSE -- LATER. Again -- an ambulance and police vehicles. Officers mill about out front. Chip and Frank sit cuffed in the back of separate cars. Cory is unloading his snowmobile off the trailer. Jane is pulling on coveralls emblazoned with the BIA POLICE SEAL. She walks up to Cory, who straps a gun case into a rifle on the front of his snowmobile. Straps a HEAVY DUFFEL BAG SNOWSHOES to the back.
2) 14) dialog: Look at you. I didn’t do shit.
2) 16) dialog: «+. It’s this place. Look what it makes you do. What it takes from us. What it took from you.
2) 18) dialog: What are you -- a fucking quarter Arapaho? Only thing Indian about you is your ex-wife and a daughter you couldn't protect. Maybe if you'd played detective then -- Cory slams his head into the front divider before he can finish the sentence.
2) 20) dialog: (Small) I met him. Wanted to fight his ass. But he just took everything I said. Not like a coward. Like a man ... She loved him ... He works security on a drill site ... One of those guards, that’s where the smallpox comes from.
2) 24) dialog: I doubt it. I don’t know.
2) 26) dialog: Sam knew. Why don’t you ask him? Cory looks at the criminal that used to be a boy he knew well.
2) 28) dialog: You think this is who I wanted to be? I just ... I get so mad, I want to fight the whole world. You know what that feels like?