0) 1) text: The man, dressed completely in white, lays prone -- invis in the snow. A rifle pressed to his shoulder. He works th bolt -- chambers another round. WE SEE THE LAST COYOTE THROUGH A RIFLE SCOPE. The cross-hairs find the back of the coyote’s head bounci in and out of view. The scope begins to move with it. The rifle invades the silence again. When the muzzle flash disappears, we see the coyote splayed out in the snow. In the distance, the two coyotes wise enough to never tru the scent of man crest a far rise, and drop out of view. The sheep shriek in terror as they run around in a giant, panicked, pointless circle. The man rises and walks toward the carnage he inflicted. The flock runs right toward the man, who doesn’t stop. Doesn’t even look in their direction. The flock almost runs into him before dividing and passin him on either side. They rejoin, and continue their silly circle -- all instinct for survival bred out of them. EXT. SAGEBRUSH PRAIRIE -- DAY. The man looks at the dead coyotes with no emotion. He rem a rope from a backpack. Begins looping the rope around th back feet of a coyote, then moves to another and does the same. All three are now tethered together and he begins the cho of dragging them through the snow and red dirt. He drags them past the flock, which stands idly by, panti like tired dogs. His dark eyes hold no joy. No sorrow either. This is not sport. This is his job. This is CORY LAMBERT.
1) 0) text: Cory warms his free hand against the truck’s vent. Grabs coffee. Takes a sip. The coffee’s cold. Doesn’t matter -- his first cold cup of coffee. He stares at the road. If t truck had a radio that worked, he’d turn it on. EXT. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT FIELD OFFICE -- DAY. BLM OFFICER TIM WINTER, late 30's, big coat, bigger cowbo hat, stands beside USFWS ENFORCEMENT AGENT DALE BERTRAM, early 30's. They stare at the coyotes in the bed of Corey truck.
1) 2) dialog: Nope.
1) 4) dialog: He don’t have six dogs anymore. Those coyotes moved on that flock like they’ve been doing it all month.
1) 11) dialog: That sounds like wolves.
1) 13) dialog: They don’t want a white man out there period. I’1l call him.
1) 15) dialog: Well ... I’m Indian enough to do favors, but not enough to pull a check.
1) 18) dialog: I gotta go.
1) 20) dialog: Yep. He climbs in his truck and starts it in one fluid motion. pulls toward the road as the coming storm inches closer.
1) 23) dialog: I was at work. She nods, but doesn’t approve.
1) 25) dialog: Looks like it’s gonna be me. She stares at him. Her face goes from anger to pity to ti in an instant. She waves him in.
1) 27) dialog: Sure. Thank you. He steps in, removing his hat. INT. WILMA LAMBERT’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS. It is exactly what you would expect from a prefab home ow by a woman with good taste and no money. The place is spotless. Mismatched Lazy Boys and outdated furniture are thoughtfully arranged. Wilma disappears into the kitchen, leaving Cory alone in living room. He stares at the ground. Fumbles with his hat. Looks at t ceiling fan. ... Gives up and turns his gaze toward the fireplace. Above the mantle is a 16x24, FRAMED YEARBOOK PHOTOGRAPH o TEENAGE GIRL. She wears a basketball uniform. Black hair neatly braided into long pig-tails. Big smile. Bright eye His eyes. Sage bundles, Sweetgrass braids, and an eagle feather are arranged around it. It is a shrine. Wilma returns. Hands him a mug. He nods his appreciation.
1) 28) dialog: I gotta go to the Rez tomorrow, thought I’d take Casey by your folks. She winces at the word ‘Rez’, then nods at the word ‘folk
1) 30) dialog: That's why I’m going.
1) 34) dialog: I was gonna leave him with your folks while I scouted. Too cold to drag him through the snow.
1) 36) dialog: Yeah, I do. And I won't. Beat. Cory sips his coffee. Then yells down the hall.
1) 37) dialog: 
1) 40) dialog: What did I tell you about pointing that BB gun at people? Casey freezes. Drops everything but the gun.
1) 42) dialog: Being careless won’t get you anywhere faster.
1) 44) dialog: Put the BB gun in the truck then come back for the rest.
1) 46) dialog: Don’t run with it. Slows to an urgent walk. Pushes through the screen door.
1) 48) dialog: Watch yourself on the road.
1) 50) dialog: We'll get all the chase out of our system tomorrow ... You be careful.
1) 53) dialog: I agree, but I’ve stood here as long as I care to. Hope the interview goes well in Jackson. di.
1) 55) dialog: If anyone was born to make a living talking on the phone ... She takes the jab as one of affection, which it was.
1) 56) dialog: It’s a good school over there. Good town. She nods.
1) 58) dialog: Get the job. We’ll get the rest figured. You got my word. Whatever happened to these two, they are unified in their desire to find a better life for their son. He pushes the screen door open. Looks back at her.
1) 59) dialog: Take Togwotee Pass. Don’t go through Pinedale. Storm’s coming from the south. Wilma’s eyes go dark.
1) 62) dialog: You just got that at Christmas.
1) 64) dialog: Doing what? You've only had the thing two months.
1) 66) dialog: Life dirties things plenty fast on its own, don’t need any help from you. Casey stares at the floorboard. Gives a submissive nod as excitement of a weekend with dad drains from him. He look out the window as the outskirts of town fade into frozen fields. Cory regrets saying anything at all.
1) 67) dialog: Hey. Casey looks up.
1) 68) dialog: When we get home, I’1l help you dust that hat up the right way. Okay? The tiniest of smiles crosses Casey’s face. Through the windshield we see storm clouds, black as the coming night, push against the mountains that contain the EXT. CORY LAMBERT’S PLACE -- DUSK. Beside a small house is a corral. Four horses huddle together, asses to the wind, wishing like hell it was spr Cory and Casey emerge from an old barn carrying hay. Cory flips a latch and swings the gate open, snapping the hors from their stupor. is. The horses head straight for Casey -- RIPPING HAY FROM HI BUNDLE. Cory tosses his hay bale in a trough, then turns back to Casey.
1) 69) dialog: Push their nose when they rub up on you like that. Casey pushes one horse as another reaches over his head a grabs more hay, whipping Casey in the face when it does, knocking him down. Cory steps up and all the horses hurry toward the trough, like a high school fight breaking up when the principal arrives. Cory looks at his son, who has no hay left to hold. He si on the ground -- face, coat, and hat covered in shredded alfalfa and horse slobber.
1) 70) dialog: Told’'ya I'd get that hat dirty.
1) 72) dialog: We can fix that. Cory smiles. Most kids would’ve been terrified, but Casey stood his ground. Cory walks up behind Casey, lifts him and sets him on a l colored mare that is far too busy eating to care about th boy now on her back.
1) 73) dialog: Remember what I showed you?
1) 75) dialog: You want that horse to be yours some day, prove it. Not to me, to her. Casey lets out a breath. Grabs a handful of mane, and pul back slightly. The mare raises her head, but doesn’t move 14. CORY (CONT’D) Put those boots into the front of her chest. He kicks into her. She bolts up. Casey grabs on tight. CORY (CONT’D) I didn’t say kick. Ask her before you tell her. Just press your boots into her chest. Gentle. He does, and the mare backs up.
1) 76) dialog: Ease up on the mane, and give her a little nudge in the ribs. He does. The mare obeys, and moves forward.
1) 77) dialog: Wherever you look is where she goes. Take her to the gate. Casey stares at the gate with the focus of a surgeon.
1) 78) dialog: Get alongside and open it. Casey sends cues through his feet and negotiates the mare parallel to the fence. He reaches down to the latch. Casey wrestles with the latch his father flipped without effort. He struggles. CORY (CONT’D) Freezes up quick, don’t it ... Give it a good hit. Casey curls his fist and pounds the lever. The gate swing open. Cory pulls Casey off and sets him on the ground, fa the mare.
1) 79) dialog: Let her know you. Casey stands in front of her. The mare inches closer, pressing her nostril to Casey’s nose, inhaling his exhale breath.
1) 80) dialog: Put a hand to her face. Gentle, like a friend. io. He does. Then looks back at his father, all smiles once again.
1) 82) dialog: No, son. That was Arapahoe. Cory closes the gate and they walk to the little house as mare hangs her head over the fence, watching the boy -- forgetting the meal so important a moment ago. INT. CORY’S HOUSE -- NIGHT. Cory and Casey sit on the couch. Casey eats a sandwich an stares at the TV. Cory looks over A TOPO MAP as he speaks the phone.
1) 83) dialog: Yeah. I’m looking at it. There’s drill rigs over there, lions don’t like the noise ... You sure it’s something and not somebody? ... Alright, I’11 check it out in the morning. If you got lions, I’m gonna have to bring Kenny’s hounds in to run ‘em ... Name a Indian with lion hounds and I’1l use him. Call you if I find anything. Cory hangs up. Looks at his son, lost in the television. Little mouth chewing little bites, stopping for a little of soda. Cory watches him. Smiles. Sits back quietly. The smile disappears. Worry replaces it. Above the fireplace is the same photograph of a teenage g dressed to shoot hoops, though much smaller. Cory stares the photo, then back to his son -- who is staring right a him. Casey smiles, then returns to the TV. Cory rubs his eyes. Pinches the bridge of his nose. Hard. Forcing emotion to retreat to wherever emotion comes from
1) 85) dialog: Hey. The sheets move a little.
1) 86) dialog: Come on. Wake up, son. We gotta go. Casey bolts upright.
1) 88) dialog: I'm making breakfast. Get dressed. We gotta feed the horses. Casey rubs furiously at his eyes and yawns.
1) 90) dialog: (Smiles)Yeah ... I can see that. Cory walks out as Casey rises, shaking off the night.
1) 93) dialog: Mountains hold the clouds back with the winds that blows between ‘em. Makes a sort of suction. Sometimes they can suck the storm right out of the clouds. Sometimes they just make it worse, cuz a big storm will sit there and gather strength from the winds that hold it back ... Our ancestors believed the storms hold the spirits of vengeance, and the mountains are our protector. But when enough evil lives in our people, the mountains free the storm to punish the demons among us.
1) 95) dialog: No. Beat.
1) 96) dialog: Sometimes. Up ahead, we see a small, log cabin with a barn even wors off than Cory’s. TWO HORSES run and kick at the dropping pressure and the storm behind it. Cory drives up and park The front door is already open. An Indian man in his 70's stands in long johns and boots with no regard for the sub zero temperature. This is DAN CROWHEART, Casey’s grandfat
1) 97) dialog: (Re: the horses) Sense the storm.
1) 101) dialog: Yep.
1) 103) dialog: He called me to hunt something. You lost a steer?
1) 105) dialog: Headed to a job interview in Jackson. Some hotel.
1) 107) dialog: What are you talking about, billionaires chased out the millionaires years ago. Crowheart looks back as he walks and smiles. iy.
1) 109) dialog: That’s a lion. Cory follows the tracks. Crowheart stays put, watching. Fifty yards away Cory stops. Looks back at Crowheart.
1) 111) dialog: Three. She’s got both of last year’s kits with her. They chased your steer around for a while, I bet.
1) 113) dialog: She's teaching them to hunt. And she’s teaching ‘em on livestock ... (Shakes his head) She just got her whole family killed. Cory looks toward the mountains. From here, they tower ov us like a canyon wall.
1) 114) dialog: They’re tucked up there somewhere. I'll go have a look ... You mind watching Casey for a few hours? Crowheart smiles. ZU.
1) 116) dialog: Got gas in your snowmobile? EXT. WIND RIVER RESERVATION -- DAY. Cory drives a snowmobile over the frozen ground, followin the tracks. He is far from the cabin. Far from anything. mountains are so close, you could almost reach out and to them. To the left, the prairie is broken with GAS DRILL A GAS DRILL, all jutting eighty-feet into the air like gian steel darts fired into the earth. Cory slows, sees something he snowmobile. Looks down. We do HUMAN FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW. THE GROUND AROUND THEM. Cory steps off the snowmobile print -- knows instantly this didn’t expect. Stops the too.
1) 118) text: From a distance, he is invisible. It is as though the sno itself stood up and walked. WE WALK BEHIND HIM NOW. The mountains are a hundred yards from him. Pine trees lo over the snow. The clouds cast a shadow that is visible j fifty yards ahead. Cory studies the ground. Takes two more steps, then stops IN FRONT OF HIM IS A PERFECT IMPRINT OF THE GIRL. As thou she laid down and made a bloody snow-angel. We see where she stood up and stumbled toward a small arr just ahead. Cory slings the rifle over his shoulder slowly. Silently. Pulls out his RUGER BLACKHAWK PISTOL. He hides the pistol under his coat, and cocks the hammer no noise. 21. He raises the pistol to eye level and moves forward. Wher he looks -- the pistol points. He crests the little arroy and stares down. At first he sees nothing. Then -- A HAND. REACHING FROM T SNOW. He looks around. Nothing. He looks at the ground. No trac except those of the girl. He moves to the hand. Gently brushes the snow away. THE RUNNING GIRL’S FACE STARES BACK. Frozen in a constipated moan. Blood frozen to her face. Blood mixed with the snow ice around her. Cory stares at her -- almost as frozen as she is. His breath leaves him -- but not from the sight of a dead body. He’s seen plenty in his day. This is a body he know A snowflake falls. Then another. Takes off his back pack, pulls out a two-way radio. Turns to channel 16 -- the emergency channel -- and speaks with hollow voice.
1) 119) dialog: I need emergency assistance. Repeat. Emergency assistance requested ... Come back? Static crackles, then a voice filters through.
1) 121) dialog: I found a body on the Wind River Indian Reservation west of Boulder Flats, I need Tribal Police to respond to the following location... We pull back and snow begins to fall. We pull back farthe and Cory fades as the snow falls faster. A STRONG WIND pushes the snowflakes horizontal -- it is snowing sideways. The storm breaks free from the mountains’ grasp with a vengeful howl -- ready to punish this land and her people all the evil they’ve done. ZZ. EXT. DAN CROWHEART’S CABIN -— DAY. Cory stands on the little porch with TRIBAL POLICE CHIEF SHOYO, 50, kind, round face and large, heavy frame. They watch the storm throw snow at the earth like shrapne Barely visible to the left of the house are THREE TRIBAL
1) 126) dialog: We're losing the tracks.
1) 128) dialog: Oughta let me follow ‘em while I still can.
1) 130) dialog: You call her folks yet, Ben?
1) 132) dialog: It’s Natalie. We look out from the porch and can barely make out -- A B SUV, crawling through the snow on the main road.
1) 133) dialog: There’s your Feds. INT. BLACK SUV -- CONTINUOUS. FBI AGENT JANE BANNER, 28, struggles to see through the s as her GPS directs her.
1) 139) dialog: Can’t see the road. Beat.
1) 141) dialog: I’ll go get ‘em. Cory walks to his snowmobile. 24. INT. JANE’S SUV -- CONT. She can barely make out the house a quarter-mile away, an the police vehicles -- white themselves -- are completely invisible. Jane pulls a ROAD ATLAS out and studies it. Looks back ou the window. Hears what sounds like the whine of a CHAIN SAW. Cory appears from the snow like a wraith, pulls up beside Jane's window. Knocks on it. No idea a gun is now pointed him on the other side of the vehicle’s door. She cracks the window, leery.
1) 142) dialog: You FBI?
1) 144) dialog: No. But I’1l take you to them. This thing in four-wheel drive?
1) 146) dialog: Alright, follow me. Cory whips the snowmobile around, spewing snow, then driv toward the house.
1) 158) dialog: Body’s a ten mile drive by snowmobile. You’d be dead before we got there. Zo. She looks away from his dark, intense eyes. Feels a littl silly as she shivers in place.
1) 162) dialog: Come inside. We'll get you fixed up. He points toward the cabin. Ben extends a hand to her as reaches the first step. Crowheart has her elbow by the ti she’s on the porch. It is clear none of these men think s will live five minutes out here. She should be grateful. She isn’t. Pride makes her shake of the men cradling her like a wounded bird. She walks in the house. Ben looks at Cory, shaking his head.
1) 176) dialog: A couple more hours, son. I’m sorry.
1) 178) dialog: I promise. Casey seems to tighten and deflate at the same time, as h father rises and walks to the door. Ben looks outside.
1) 180) dialog: It’s ten below outside. You leave that pride on the porch and hug me like your prom date, understood? Jane is so offended she almost falls backwards.
1) 182) dialog: I don’t want to insult you, just making sure there’s only one girl froze to death out there today. She turns from him and walks out into the storm. 29. EXT. SAGEBRUSH PRAIRIE -- DAY. Jane sits behind Cory on the snowmobile. They race throug the white at 60 miles-per-hour. Jane presses her face into the back of this stranger -- h hands tucked under his ass -- as she experiences cold ina manner unexplainable to those who haven’t endured it. Up ahead, we see FOUR POLICE SNOWMOBILES, and FOUR OFFICE huddling around a MOBILE PROPANE HEATER. TWO EMT’S huddle beside the body. Cory and Ben park. Walk toward them. Cory doesn’t wait fo Jane to start asking questions.
1) 183) dialog: I picked up her tracks about 300 meters to the south. Jane nods as she struggles to shake off the bone-breaking cold. They walk past the officers to NATALIE HANSON’S BODY, and EMT holding a HEAT GUN -- basically a very powerful hair dryer -- that he waves along Natalie’s body where it meet the ice that holds her. Jane kneels next to her.
1) 205) dialog: Like it’s my job. Which it is.
1) 207) dialog: Nearest homes are seven or eight miles southeast.
1) 209) dialog: Yep.
1) 212) dialog: You’re not from here.
1) 214) dialog: Drill rigs maybe five miles from here. There’s trailers for the workers. But they shut it down in the winter.
1) 218) dialog: Only thing I can tell you about is the tracks.
1) 220) dialog: Look here. She leans over him. NATALIE’S FOOT PRINT AND FROZEN BLOOD NOW MIXED WITH SNOW is visible. CORY (CONT’D) See how the toes twist out? And the front of the track is deeper than the back -- almost no imprint of the heel?
1) 222) dialog: She was running. He stands. Points to Natalie’s body thirty yards away. CORY (CONT’D) She ran until she dropped. There’s a spot over here where she fell ... Cory walks to the bloody snow angel.
1) 223) dialog: A pool of blood where her face hit. Gets down to twenty below out here at night. You breathe that cold air deep in your lungs -- like when you're running, it’ll freeze em. Lungs fill up with blood, you start coughing it up. He points to the impression of her face and the pool of blood. Beat.
1) 224) dialog: Wherever she came from, she ran all the way here. Her lungs burst and she curled up under that tree. She didn’t freeze to death ... She drowned.
1) 226) dialog: I seen tourists freeze to death in these mountains when it was barely 40 degrees ... I seen a fur trader caught in his own trap, drag himself six miles to a forest service cabin and radio for help. In the dead of winter ... There ain’t no gauge for the will to live. Some have it. Plenty don’t +. I knew this girl. She was a fighter. However far we think she ran, my guess is she ran farther. Cory looks east. 34.
1) 227) dialog: I got to get back to my son. I promised him a few hours.
1) 230) dialog: There’s three of ‘em. And I didn’t.
1) 232) dialog: I’m a hunter.
1) 234) dialog: I hunt predators. She looks back at the police officers trying to free Natalie’s corpse from a frozen land intent on keeping her
1) 236) dialog: Okay. 3D. INT. JANE’S SUV -- NIGHT. SNOW pounds the windshield as the wipers work frantically remove it. Snow swarms in the headlights like locust. Jane leans forward, chin almost resting on the steering wheel, straining to see the road.
1) 277) dialog: Thought you were sleeping. Casey looks at his feet.
1) 279) dialog: Bout what? Beat.
1) 281) dialog: Come over here. 4uU. Casey shuffles over and sits at the table.
1) 282) dialog: Want a glass of milk?
1) 284) dialog: She's just a girl. Lost her way in the snow. Casey looks at the reloader and the gun resting against t table.
1) 286) dialog: Work. Cory seats another rifle casing.
1) 288) dialog: She died from the cold.
1) 290) dialog: Yeah, son. I’m afraid she did. Cory pushes back from the table. Sets the rifle on the ta Pulls his son onto his lap.
1) 292) dialog: I’m doing some work for the government this week. It’s for that.
1) 294) dialog: I don’t know what it is yet. But I’m gonna try and figure it out ... You wanna go back to bed?
1) 296) dialog: I ain’t going to bed for a while. Casey nods as if that wasn’t an answer he had considered.
1) 297) dialog: You wanna curl up on the sofa, and I‘1l take you back with me when I’m done?
1) 299) dialog: What’s the test?
1) 301) dialog: What about ‘em, birthdays? 42.
1) 303) dialog: I don’t.
1) 305) dialog: That a fact.
1) 307) dialog: «+. I don’t think he was president.
1) 309) dialog: You know son, most of my experience has been with the George Washington and Abraham Lincoln variety.
1) 311) dialog: Those I know. Cory pulls up in front of the elementary school.
1) 313) dialog: Your mom. Unless the road from Jackson's too bad, then it’1l be me.
1) 315) dialog: You don’t ever wish that, son. 45. He doesn’t.
1) 317) dialog: I’1ll see you Thursday. Then you’re mine for a week. Casey smiles.
1) 319) dialog: Good luck on that test.
1) 370) dialog: Hello. EXT. TROUT CREEK ROAD -- CONT. We watch Cory’s truck -- pulling a small flat-bed trailer carrying a snowmobile -- slow down, make a three-point tu in the middle of the road, and head off the other way. 49. INT. HANSON HOME -- FORT WASHAKIE, WYOMING -- DAY. We are inside a house that screams poverty. Furniture is and broken to the point of barely being functional. Faux- siding of the manufactured home is fraying at the edges. Still, extreme care has been given to make it into a home Photos of Natalie and a handsome TEENAGE BOY are pasted o every wall. We hear Ben’s voice as we look over the home.
1) 395) dialog: I'd like to tell you it gets easier, but it doesn’t. If there’s a comfort -- you get used to the pain if you let yourself ... I went to a grief seminar in Casper. Don’t know why, just ... It hurt so much, I was searching for anything that could make it go away ... (MORE )
1) 397) dialog: That’s what I wanted this seminar to do -- make it go away. The instructor come up to me after the seminar was over, sat beside me and said, “I got good news and bad news. Bad news is you'll never be the same. You’1ll never be whole. Ever. What was taken from you can’t be replaced. You’re daughter’s gone. ... Now the good news -- as soon as you accept that, as soon as you let yourself suffer, allow yourself to grieve ... You'll be able to visit her in your mind, and remember all the joy she gave you. All the love she knew. Right now, you don’t even have that, do you?” Martin finds himself shaking his head ‘no’, even though t question wasn’t directed at him.
1) 398) dialog: He said, “that’s what not accepting this will rob from you”. Cory looks at Martin.
1) 399) dialog: If you shy from the pain of it, then you rob yourself of every memory of her, my friend. Every one. From her first step to her last smile. You’1l kill ‘em all. Cory puts his hand on Martin’s neck, guides his eyes up t him. CORY (CONT’D) Take the pain ... Take the pain, Martin. It’s the only way to keep her with you. Martin drops his head into his lap. Cory resists the temptation to do the same. The big man stands up, pulls a cigarette from his pocket, lights it. Walks out into the snow.
1) 401) dialog: What you do now you do for your son.
1) 404) dialog: He stays with the Littlefeather boys, doesn’t he.
1) 406) dialog: That’s what they asked me to do, but that’s not what I’m doing.
1) 408) dialog: I’m a hunter. What do you think I’m doing? Martin walks toward the porch, bores his hawk eyes into h old friend.
1) 410) dialog: Right where they stand. Martin nods. Flicks his cigarette into the snow. D4.
1) 415) dialog: Who goes into the mountains just before a storm ... EXT. SAM LITTLEFIELD’S HOUSE -- CONT. Jane and Ben still stand outside the door. Ben knocks aga hard enough to knock the flimsy door through the frame. The music shuts off. Feet move toward the door. It opens. SAM LITTLEFEATHER is 20, tall, and rail thin. His shaved is covered in a RAIDER’S SKULL CAP. His wild eyes fueled three day’s worth of meth. He nods and bounces in place.
1) 434) dialog: Skinny one’s Natalie’s brother. Dy.
1) 448) dialog: Because I found her raped and killed right over there, son. That’s why. Beat.
1) 451) dialog: This is how we find him.
1) 453) dialog: Okay, where’s he live? Where’s he work? What’s his name. (MORE )
1) 456) dialog: Look there. She takes the binoculars. Looks through them.
1) 458) dialog: You see my arm through the binocs?
1) 460) dialog: When I move my hand, look where it was ... You see the tracks? a sled track, filled with snow ... Look for the shadow in it.
1) 462) dialog: Now look straight out -- at the base of the mountains, you'll see it easy there. In the distance, the slight indentation stands out. The tracks run straight from the house up into the pine trees that cover the mountain.
1) 464) dialog: Natalie died over there -- seven miles(He points north). Those tracks lead to the mountain from here -- that’s five miles. He points south to tall drill rigs jutting up from the ground.
1) 465) dialog: There’s West-Central’s nearest rigs. Six miles. Someone unloaded sleds right here and drove way the hell out there, but there’s no tracks coming back -- why is that? (Cory points at the house) Do those assholes look like they’re up for a trek ten miles into the snow? In what -- that minivan? The answers are out there. It’s hard to say whether she doesn’t buy what he’s saying just dreads going into the mountains. She comes clean.
1) 467) dialog: It’s all I’ve ever done.
1) 469) dialog: What channel you running?
1) 472) dialog: I'll radio if we come across anything. He guns his sled and they shoot off over the snow. EXT. WYOMING PLAINS -- LATER. WE ARE FLYING OVER THE SNOW -- ALARMINGLY FAST. Again, Ja finds herself pasted to Cory’s back -- hiding from the sn that pelts every exposed part of her. The forest looms over us. We are climbing now. Trees begi whipping past us. Cory doesn’t slow down. We are moving almost vertically up the mountain -- the en whines angrily as the snowmobile lurches uphill, digging into the snow then firing out of it like a rocket. They reach a bench -- a level area that cuts into the mountain. Cory stops. Cuts the engine, it is instantly silent. Jane dares to look up and is shocked to find the valley f a thousand feet below them. Cory steps off -- pulling the stainless steel rifle from case, and levering a round into the chamber. He speaks softly, aware they are both hunter and hunted o here.
1) 473) dialog: The tracks move south from here.
1) 475) dialog: Gonna go it on foot for a bit. Not what she wanted to hear. Cory pulls the snowshoes free, tosses a pair to her. o4.
1) 476) dialog: Step into ‘em, then ratchet the strap down till they’re good and tight. She does. His are already on by the time she’s strapped o foot in. She steps into the other.
1) 478) dialog: Follow me. They walk through the soft, deep snow of the mountains. The snowmobile tracks cut west, away from the valley into even deeper timber. They follow. Jane pants heavily -- she is in snow to her waist. It is grueling work to take even one step, though you wouldn’t it from watching Cory, who is pulling away from her. She labors forward, looks up at a clump of Aspens and Pin Looks back down, unable to see her feet through the snow. When she looks up again, the clump of trees silently come life, the trunks melting into one giant mass that is walk toward the clearing. She freezes. IT IS A BULL MOOSE stepping through the snow, making no sound. It stands almost eight feet tall, and it is lookin right at her. She feels Cory step quietly beside her.
1) 480) dialog: (Quiet) Moose, stay still. He don’t want any more trouble than you do.
1) 482) dialog: Then you two have something in common. oD. The enormous creature moves across the ‘road’ and the bar visible tracks they follow. It is twenty feet from them, still makes no sound. It slinks into the trees across the road and is enveloped the forest -- disappearing as quickly as it appeared. Jane's tries to gasp in a silent breath of much needed ai Cory can’t help but smile.
1) 484) dialog: No, thank you. I’1l stick to the world I know. Cory starts moving off. Jane gathers her strength and follows. CROWS can be heard cawing. The trail opens to a clearing, snow here is so deep, there is no evidence of any tracks. But at the far end of the clearing, A DOZEN CROWS gather around a DEAD SOMETHING. Cory moves toward it, trudging through the snow. The crow scream their frustration at having their dinner interrupt As Cory and Jane get closer, they relent and fly to nearb branches. They stare at the dead animal -- flesh the color of a pee apple. They are almost upon it before they realize it is man.
1) 487) dialog: No. Bet I know who he is though ... Cory nods. Looks around. No snowmobile tracks anywhere. H moves into the forest. oo.
1) 489) dialog: Stay here. Cory pushes into the timber. Looks at the ground, where s is unable to cover as quickly. He scans the harder snow. Spots Something. Moves to it.
1) 490) text: A SNOWMOBILE TRACK -- clear enough to see the tread patte Cory’s face registers surprise. He follows the track a bi The thicker timber opens up to another clearing and the t disappears. He looks up at the sky -- the sun is fading. Looks back a Jane -- no chance she is up for or capable of continuing into the night. He turns back. Jane looks relieved when he reappears from the forest.
1) 492) dialog: The tracks don’t lead from the house. They lead to it. Someone stripped this boy, left him here and drove down to Littlefeather’s house, loaded their sleds on a trailer and headed down the highway. Jane has no idea how Cory has put this together, but recognizes the truth of it. She looks down. Ashamed. Has laugh.
1) 494) dialog: For a bit. They went high where the snow’s deeper. Where the tracks would get covered. She looks at him.
2) 0) text: The number of police vehicles has grown. FREMONT COUNTY SHERIFF’S VEHICLES CAN BE SEEN. NUMEROUS SNOWMOBILES LINE UP, PREPARING TO HEAD OUT. Cory speaks with Ben.
2) 1) dialog: We went on foot the last half mile, but we blazed a decent trail through the snow ... I’1l run them back up there if you need.
2) 7) dialog: Can I talk to him?
2) 9) dialog: What if I talked to him and didn’t tell you what he said. I just knew it. Jane's cell phone rings. Answers.
2) 11) dialog: I’ve known him since he was three. Ben can’t say yes. Doesn’t want to say no.
2) 13) dialog: Look at us.
2) 15) dialog: All you been doing is shit for three years. oy. Beat. Chip softens.
2) 17) dialog: I’m not going to sit here and say life’s been fair. To either of us. This land is all we got left. Barely four thousand of us still breathing --
2) 19) dialog: You gonna lecture me about protecting our people? Hmm? While you deal the shit that’s killing ‘em? You know what you are -- you're just a ‘hang-around-the- fort’ prairie nigger begging for smallpox blankets you can sell to your friends. That’s what you sell, chief -- the smallpox of your generation. You had every chance to get out if that’s what you wanted. Army. College. It was your choice. And look what you chose. Cory swings open the car door. Gets out.
2) 21) dialog: What’s the boyfriend’s name?
2) 23) dialog: He the smallpox dealer too?
2) 25) dialog: Who does? Chip looks up at him.
2) 27) dialog: You'll be talking to Sam long before I do, Chip. Of that I’m sure.
2) 29) dialog: I do. I decided to fight the feeling instead. Know why? Cory leans back into the car.
2) 30) dialog: Because I knew the world would win. Cory closes the door. Sees Ben and Jane talking. They loo him as he approaches.
2) 33) text: You're going out to the rigs tomorrow morning? Cory looks at Jane as he leans into Ben. Whispers --
2) 34) dialog: Natalie’s boyfriend worked there.
2) 37) dialog: We're picking him up now. From three feet of snow --
2) 39) dialog: I say that. Beat.
2) 41) dialog: You don’t catch a wolf searching where he might be ... Cory looks out over the snowmobile tracks leading through snow. Shadows fill their slight indentations, and point toward the mountains like an arrow.
2) 42) dialog: You search where he’s been ... and he’s been here. EXT. WILMA LAMBERT’S HOUSE -- NIGHT. Cory stands at the door, his breath frosting in front of Knocks softly. Knows she’ll never hear that, tries a litt louder. A light comes on. The door opens. Wilma stands there in robe. For an instant, she seems worried about how she mus look, then remembers issues far more grave surround them.
2) 43) dialog: Hi.
2) 45) dialog: I been better.
2) 47) dialog: Yeah. She shakes her head. Silence.
2) 49) dialog: I’m just trying to help.
2) 51) dialog: This isn’t about Em --
2) 53) dialog: I didn’t kill her, Wilma.
2) 57) dialog: Then what.
2) 60) dialog: That the man in the snow?
2) 62) dialog: You wanna come in?
2) 64) text: Come on. He turns and walks to the house. She shuts down the SUV a follows. INT. CORY LAMBERT’S HOUSE -- A MOMENT LATER. Jane looks around the living room. Spots reloading equipm on the dining room table. The silver-colored rifle lays o towel placed over the coffee table -- stretched out like snake. Her hand goes to her sidearm, checking that it’s still th She sees numerous photos of Casey, and the mini-shrine on mantle. Looks at the girl’s picture.
2) 65) dialog: I got milk, coffee, and tap water.
2) 67) dialog: That’s my daughter. She turns, caught.
2) 68) dialog: She passed on three years ago. She figured as much, buts feigns surprise anyway.
2) 70) dialog: You wanna ask how, don’t you.
2) 72) dialog: I was working as an outfitter out of Pinedale. There was a big snow, and I found myself with a night off, so I grabbed a motel room and told my wife to come up. (MORE )
2) 74) dialog: Then some people came that weren’t her friends. Get together turned into quite a party, and then, I don’t know ... He looks around like he might sit -- might need something lean on to continue. Decides to tell it where he stands.
2) 75) dialog: A lot I don’t want to know ... It was Natalie that called us the next day. Told us Emily was missing. They were best friends, so... Natalie was worried. She had a right to be ... Can’t go any further on his feet. He sits on the couch. J doesn’t move an inch.
2) 76) dialog: You try to be so careful, try to plan for everything. Emily was such a good girl, we just ... let our guard down ... You’ll have kids some day, and let me tell you, Jane: you can’t blink. For eighteen- years. Not once ... Cory swallows the pain. Looks up at his daughter on the mantle. Then to his feet. CORY (CONT’D) Some guy was moving his sheep near Wind River. He’s the one who found her ... Twenty something miles from our house. How she got there? What happened -- I don’t know. (MORE)
2) 77) text: Couldn’t find out much from the autopsy cuz the (he sucks in a pained breath) Coyotes had been at her pretty good. He looks right at her. CORY (CONT’D) And I've been killing those sons of bitches ever since. Jane tries to find something to say -- anything -- but there’s nothing. All she can think to utter is:
2) 79) dialog: Yeah, right down the hall. She walks down the hall to the bathroom. Closes herself i Stares at herself in the mirror -- not a decade older tha Natalie was, than Emily would be. Splashes water on her f Leans against the counter, relishing a moment without tension, terror, or heartache. Steels herself and opens t door. She walks out and notices a poem, framed and hanging on t wall. She reads the heading -- A MEADOW IN MY PERFECT WOR She reads the poem. Cory walks up, leans beside her.
2) 80) dialog: She got accepted to a summer program for creative writing at Colorado State. That’s what got her in. Jane looks at him.
2) 82) dialog: I don’t know who she wrote it to. Beat. CORY (CONT’D) I like to think it was me. He disappears into the living room. She follows. Stands before him. Beat.
2) 84) dialog: He told me one of those guards sells ‘em meth. Which one? I don’t know. Also told me her boyfriend worked security for West-Central.
2) 85) dialog: You could've called for that.
2) 87) dialog: Didn’t trust me.
2) 90) dialog: Sure, if you don’t mind landing in a ditch you could've sailed over.
2) 93) dialog: Below zero, I bet.
2) 95) dialog: You're shaking worse than her. Looking at Jane, that’s debatable. Evan walks up to Cory.
2) 97) dialog: In case you wander off, I’m here to track you down. Evan laughs.
2) 102) dialog: I will. You do the same. She offers him a smile. It isn’t returned -- he is a hunt today, no room for anything else... Everyone moves to their vehicles as the sun crests the mountains, kissing the land that surrounds them. EXT. HIGHWAY 789 -- DAY. The procession moves down the empty highway. WE MOVE ABOVE THEM -- PULLING AWAY. The land is white in every direction.
2) 133) dialog: This is the end of the road for you. He presses his face to the stock. Notices something ... MUD, SPRAYED ALONG THE CAVERN WALL. He steps closer, rifle still at the ready. Looks at the m spray, then looks down. He walks toward the cavern. The big cat curls her back as Cory kneels down, not ten feet from her. We follow his ey to: A SNOWMOBILE TRACK CUT INTO THE MUD. He stands up, looks out from the track and sees a slight indentation in the snow, leading down the mountain. He follows it. Cory walks to a clearing, pulls his BINOCULARS to his fac
2) 135) dialog: Oh no. Cory shakes his head -- knows what they don’t, turns back Finds himself in front of the lion hole. Looks in and tal loud.
2) 136) dialog: You're one lucky bitch it’s today I find you. oD. The lion responds with a panicked hiss, her kits huddled beside her. Cory turns and pushes down the hill through t snow. EXT. WEST-CENTRAL DRILL STATION -- CONT. Jane, Ben, and the officers trudge through the snow with Curtis beside them. We notice that the other security officers have lagged ba and are now walking behind them.
2) 188) dialog: (Into the radio) Ben ... Ben, you copy? He’s a little more than a mile away. He takes the rifle f his shoulder and steps off the snowmobile. Begins racing toward the camp ... EXT. MATT’S TRAILER -- WEST-CENTRAL STATION -- CONT. Everyone stops before the trailer. No one trusting anyone
2) 282) text: JANE. Under the trailer. She empties her gun at Pete as he runs. They punch into h Kevlar Vest, and knock him to the ground. He stands immediately and continues running. She rolls on her back, shivers. Cory kneels down -- offers her a hand. She takes it. Pull her out. Lus.
2) 283) dialog: How bad are you hit?
2) 285) dialog: I gotta get you in this trailer. He lifts her up, and carries her inside. INT. MATT’S TRAILER -- WEST-CENTRAL STATION -- CONT. Cory sets her on a couch. Heads to the bedroom, returns w the bedding. Wraps it around her shoulders.
2) 286) dialog: I need to have a look. She nods and he unzips the coveralls, runs his hand insid Pulls it out, looks at it -- no blood. Runs his hand alon her sides, her belly, feels something warm. Looks at his hand -- blood, but not an alarming amount.
2) 287) dialog: I think a few rounds got through, but only in pieces. You’re not bleeding too bad. He looks at her neck, this wound is more severe.
2) 288) dialog: This one ain’t great. He takes some of the sheet. Presses it against the wound.
2) 289) dialog: Hold that there. She does. She looks at him.
2) 291) dialog: No. Lua.
2) 293) dialog: I won’t bring him back, Jane. You need to know that. Beat.
2) 296) dialog: Know where you are?
2) 298) dialog: That’s Gannet Peak. Highest mountain in Wyoming. We look around. Deep in the land of nothing. Only bitter cold. CORY (CONT’D) On the hottest day in August there’s a foot of snow. Today ... Cory looks at him.
2) 299) dialog: It’s too cold to snow.
2) 301) dialog: Alright. Pete’s teeth chatter -- he looks down at his feet -- NO SHOES.
2) 303) dialog: I give you a minute and this is how you spend it -- cussing and crying?
2) 305) dialog: What. What did you do. I’m not a policeman -- tell me the truth and I'll give you a chance.
2) 307) dialog: My people have been stuck in this shit for a century. Snow and silence is the only thing that hasn’t been taken from us ... You took from us too, didn’t you?
2) 309) dialog: You have a little taste, did you? Got lonely ... Got drunk? Beat. CORY (CONT’D) Then what did you get? Pete can barely speak, he is shivering so hard. CORY (CONT’D) If you did it, be a man and say it. Say ‘I raped her’.
2) 311) dialog: Now say, ‘her boyfriend tried to stop me, and we beat him to death.’ He nods. CORY (CONT’D) Nod won't cut it. Not today. Say it.
2) 313) dialog: Fair enough. Cory stands. Grabs his rifle. Slings it over his shoulder
2) 314) dialog: Let's go.
2) 316) dialog: You get the same chance she got.
2) 318) dialog: Stand up big boy. I’m a man of my word. If you can make it to the highway, you’re a free man. Pete stands up. Looks around -- they are so deep in the mountains, so high up, the valley isn’t even visible.
2) 320) dialog: You know how far it is from that drill camp to where Natalie was found -- almost six miles. Barefoot. That’s a warrior. (Looks the freezing man over) I doubt you'll make it six hundred feet. Still, we should make this fair ... Cory walks up pulling a large hunting knife from its shea and slices Pete’s parka open down the middle.
2) 321) dialog: There we go.
2) 323) dialog: I want you to run. LUO. Cory places the muzzle of his rifle beside Pete’s ear. Pu the trigger. The gun is so loud, we expect the mountain to collapse. Instead, it is only Pete’s eardrum that erupts. Pete scre as blood funnels out of it. He covers his ear and runs li his life depends on it -- which it does. Cory pulls a ski mask over his face, climbs on his snowmo and goes after him. Pete runs -- bare feet slamming into snow. He screams, lo for a way down the steep mountain, sees none. Looks back, Cory is right behind him. He runs faster, arms flinging wildly. Suddenly, half of h disappears -- THE SNOW IS SO DEEP IT COVERS HIM TO HIS WAIST. Pete looks back at Cory, who fires a round right over his head. He shrieks in terror and pushes further into the sn He breathes harder, deeper. As he exhales, a thin mist of blood spews out. Cory slows down, let’s Pete get distance, gives him hope. WE WATCH PETE FADE INTO THE MOUNTAIN -- The man becoming speck in a world of white. Pete FUMBLES, weak -- blood is frozen to the side of his face. Cory stops. Watches him. Seconds ache by. Sees him slow d stumble, then fall. He doesn’t get up.
2) 324) text: Pete lays in the snow, coughing -- gasping -- freezing fr the inside out. He rolls on his back. The sky is so close can almost reach out and touch it. He reaches his arm up, stretching. Stays like this. No breath. No movement. He is gone. Cory turns the snowmobile east and begins the long ride h INT. FREMONT COUNTY HOSPITAL -- NIGHT. Jane lays in a hospital bed, IV tubes running to and from her. Luy. She stares at the ceiling, too tired to cry but knowing i coming. She feels a presence. Looks to the door. Cory sta there.
2) 325) dialog: You made it.
2) 327) dialog: I bet this ain’t how they sell those bulletproof vests in the brochure, is it? She chuckles, and pain runs through her body.
2) 329) dialog: Shouldn't joke. It saved your life.
2) 331) dialog: You're a tough girl, Jane. You saved your own life.
2) 333) dialog: Luck don’t live out here. Luck lives in the city. Whether someone runs the stoplight, whether your bank’s the one that gets robbed, whether someone’s dialing their cellphone when they come to a crosswalk ... Luck is winning or losing. Out here, you survive or you surrender. That’s determined by your strength. You spirit. Wolves don’t kill unlucky deer, they kill weak ones. He leans forward.
2) 334) dialog: You fought for your life. And now you get to leave with it. Liv. He sits back. Stretches his legs out, gets comfortable. S realizes why he’s here -- and it wasn’t to make sure she’ alright. It’s to watch over her until she’s able to watch over herself. He reaches into a stack of magazines, grabs one. Flips through it.
2) 336) dialog: I'll read something to you ... “How to know if he’s into you -- ten signs. Number one: he looks you in the eye when he speaks.” You’re supposed to do that anyway, ain’t you. I don’t think that one’s reliable ... She can’t help but laugh, can’t help but be moved by the gesture. But laughter brings pain, and thoughts of the da and all she saw ... All she endured. Laughter turns to te She fights them at first, but Cory’s hand finds hers. Squeezes, unleashing all she’s fought to contain. She cries like it’s her first time to do so, purging the demons that ravage her mind and heart. He is neither uncomfortable nor surprised. He knew she needed this. We watch her sob as he stretches over the hospital bed, caressing her battered hand. EXT. BULL LAKE -- WIND RIVER INDIAN RESERVATION -- DAY. We look out over a frozen lake. Dead center of it is a sm bright green ICE FISHING HUT. A SNOWMOBILE parked beside We PUSH toward it. INT. ICE FISHING HUT -- CONT. Cory and Casey sit on little stools, holding fishing pole Their lines disappears into a 12 inch hole cut into the i They stare at the hole.
2) 337) dialog: You want your sandwich? dite
2) 340) dialog: No. They say it’1l stunt your growth.
2) 342) dialog: It’ll make you short. Beat.
2) 344) dialog: Not as short as you'll be if you drink coffee. Beat.
2) 346) dialog: Not really. Beat.
2) 348) dialog: Wanna do something else? Casey thinks about that.
2) 350) dialog: I do. Liz. Casey smiles then looks down to the hole in the ice, neve knowing what those words meant to his father. But, if he to look up and into his eyes -- as we do now -- he would begin to understand. EXT. BULL LAKE -- WIND RIVER INDIAN RESERVATION -- CONT. WE PULL AWAY FROM THE HUT. As we back away, the white world dominates our view in ev direction. We RISE. High above the lake, watching the green hut shri the only thing in this place that dares to defy the color winter. THE END.