2) 112) dialog: Good morning. Can I help you?
2) 114) dialog: Yeah, do you know where he is?
2) 116) dialog: He had a fight with his girlfriend a few days ago, she ran off and he went after her. We haven’t seen him since.
2) 118) dialog: Three days ago. Heck, we didn’t know what to do -- waiting to hear back from corporate about whether to write up his termination papers or call you guys. Jane and Ben look at Curtis who seems genuinely concerned Another snowmobile pulls up carrying another security officer. He steps up -- we can’t help but notice the scratches that run down his face.
2) 120) dialog: They’re here about Matt --
2) 125) dialog: Hit a pine branch doing sixty and see what happens to you.
2) 128) dialog: Oh, I requested helmets. My supervisor said, “But snow’s soft, ain't it?” Corporate’s in Texas, what can I tell you. Everyone has a chuckle at that.
2) 130) dialog: Yep, we all do. OS.
2) 132) dialog: Sure. (Stepping off his snowmobile) I’1l1 walk you up. Jane looks over the two security guards -- well dressed, belts with pistols, flashlights, hand cuffs. And beat to shit. They seem professional and courteous. She strains to pick the bad apple. TWO MORE SECURITY OFFICERS WALK UP THROUGH THE SNOW. She looks them over as well, all of their faces torn and bruised. The entire group begins moving off toward the trailers .. EXT. MOUNTAINS -- DAY. Cory works his snowmobile through terrain not meant for machines -- he takes it almost vertically up the side of mountain. We move past the area where Matt’s body was fou surrounded by POLICE TAPE. He drives past, looks for trac There are none. Continues east, over white powder. Judging from the snow, is the first living thing to traverse this land since the storm. Then he stops. Looks down -- LION TRACKS. HE SHUTS DOWN THE ENGINE. STEPS OFF. He pulls his silver-colored bear killer from its case and follows the tracks around a bend. He walks across what looks to be an endless plain of whit surrounded by dark pines tasked with containing it. He comes to a rock outcropping that creates something rar viewed during winter in Wyoming -- an area with no snow. THE CARCASS OF A DEER, almost completely devoured, lays i front of it. He raises his rifle, moves toward the shallo cave. o4. He stops. Listens. Hears shallow breathing. Cocks the ham steps closer. Stares at the black hole nature cut into the side of the mountain. Pulls a flashlight from his pocket, points it toward the cavern -- THREE SETS OF RED EYES STARE BACK. He lowers the light a bit -- A MOUNTAIN LION AND HER TWO STARE BACK.
2) 137) dialog: So, did something happen? Do you know where he is? Jane studies him. As genuine as he seems, she doesn’t wan play her cards, not yet.
2) 139) dialog: How can that be, I thought you guys found her in a snowdrift right before the storm. She turns to stone.
2) 141) dialog: I heard it go out over the radio when you guys found her. Jane stares at him.
2) 143) dialog: Then maybe you weren’t listening --
2) 154) dialog: This is leased land on a reservation -- you have no authority, deputy--
2) 155) text: You think I don’t know what you’re doing? Curtis steps back, hand on his pistol. One of the securit guards holds a MOSSBERG 590 SHOTGUN tucked to his shoulde barrel inching up from the snow toward the officers. Emotion is overtaking reason. A security guard stands mere feet from a BIA officer, bot their hands gripping pistols.
2) 160) dialog: DEPUTY -- You have no authority, you are in violation of Federal law, lower your weapon --
2) 164) dialog: Hold your ground!! County Sheriffs have no authority here, tell him to holster his weapon -- Jane realizes this misunderstanding is seconds from disas
2) 172) dialog: Keep these assholes in check. We’re just doing our job, lady --
2) 178) dialog: You got it. (To his men) Guys, step my way. The security guards all move left, even with the police. oy.
2) 179) dialog: Alright, let’s all just take a deep breath. Jane looks back at Evan, still swinging his pistol betwee targets.
2) 185) dialog: Yes ma’am.
2) 187) dialog: Okay. He starts walking. The whole tense lot of them follow. yu. EXT. MOUNTAINS NEAR DRILL STATION TWENTY-TWO -- DAY. Cory has dropped down from the mountains. Stops his snowmobile. Looks through binoculars at the camp. Sees th tension-filled mass ambling toward the last trailer in th camp. Cory pulls his two-way radio from his coat.
2) 189) dialog: This is his trailer.
2) 191) dialog: Yeah ... Me and Pete Mickens. Cory’s voice filters through Ben’s radio. He steps away a speaks into it.
2) 193) dialog: He’s sleeping. He has night shift. Beat. Jane steps up on the aluminum steps that rise to the door She knocks, then steps down. INT. MATT’S TRAILER -- WEST-CENTRAL STATION -- CONT. WE ARE IN THE TRAILER’S BATHROOM. STEAM FROM THE SHOWER H CLOUDED THE MIRROR. We hear knocking. Push open the bathroom door. We move through the trailer, through the kitchen, and toward the front door. A HAND REACHES FOR THE DOOR LATCH. TURNS IT. yae The hand pulls it open ...
2) 242) dialog: Pete, let’s go. He doesn’t want to share.
2) 244) dialog: Hey!!!
2) 246) dialog: Pete’s just fucking around --
2) 255) dialog: PETE. IT’S CURTIS. FBI IS STANDING IN FRONT OF THE DOOR. OPEN UP.
2) 262) dialog: 
2) 264) dialog: You okay?
2) 266) dialog: Who isn’t? (Yells to the trailer) Pete -- you good?
2) 269) dialog: Two that won’t get up.
2) 271) dialog: My God, the women out here are spunky. He raises his pistol. Something catches his eye. He looks Sees something. He squints -- it appears the snow itself is standing to f him. The muzzle flash from Cory’s rifle shoots five-feet out t barrel. The bullet punches a hole in Curtis’s chest we can almost through. Punches a hole through the trailer behind him. Curtis is thrown back into the trailer, dead before he le his feet. Jane rolls over and crawls underneath the trailer. The one security guard who still stands looks out over th plains. Sees nothing.