1) 332) dialog: I'll be quick. (Nods to Jane) Good morning, Randy Whitehurst, I’m the medical examiner. Jane wants to look anywhere but the body or the man that her in half.
1) 338) dialog: This your first autopsy? How the fuck does everyone know that?
1) 339) dialog: Hey, gotta have a first.
1) 341) dialog: Yes ma’am. As you see here, she suffered a deep laceration along her brow line. He points at each act of violence. Waits for nods from bo Jane and Ben before moving on.
1) 342) dialog: Two separated ribs. Frost bite in both feet up through her ankles, frost bite on her nose and her left hand -- the frost bite on her feet is stage four, you can tell by the blueing here, you see that?
1) 344) dialog: Vaginal wall is torn. The damage on multiple sides of the wall at different depths indicates penetration by different individuals, and the bite marks along her neck and on the left nipple have distinct measurements --
1) 346) dialog: At least ... I swabbed her and sent the samples by courier to Cheyenne. (MORE )
1) 348) dialog: We should have DNA results in a week or so, but I will state in my report: sexual assault by multiple offenders. Jane has found herself next to Natalie’s head, can’t help gently stroke her hair as though reminding herself this carcass had a soul.
1) 349) dialog: Don’t touch her -- I haven’t combed her hair for forensics yet.
1) 352) dialog: You're not going to like it -- she died from a pulmonary hemorrhage. When sub-zero air is drawn into lungs, it can cause the alveoli -- the tiny sacs in the lungs -- to burst. Fluid builds in the lungs, and if the air is cold enough, liquid in the lungs will crystallize. Ultimately, the victim either freezes from the inside out, or they drown in their own blood -.. That’s the cause of death in this instance. Jane thinks. Cory was right. Then she realizes --
1) 354) dialog: Can't.
1) 356) dialog: Look, circumstances is your field, not mine. Let me show you, come here --
1) 359) dialog: This is very prosecutable as a murder -- clearly she wouldn’t have been running through the snow if she hadn’t been attacked, but I can’t list the cause of death as a homicide.
1) 361) dialog: Look, present the rape, present the assault and I’m sure --
1) 363) dialog: You keep saying sorry, but you keep doing it. She looks at Ben, eyes begging for an alternative.
1) 366) dialog: We all know it’s a murder. Have a US Attorney sign off on it. I’m happy to corroborate that, I just can’t put it on the death certificate. She walks off, shaking her head.