1) 376) dialog: She was an adult.
1) 382) dialog: Why is it whenever you people try to help, it starts with insults. He steps toward her, furious eyes and all. She resists th temptation to draw her weapon.
1) 383) dialog: I don’t know why she wouldn’t tell me. But she was eighteen. I chose to trust her. I chose wrong. He looks her over.
1) 385) dialog: Do you talk to your mother? Beat.
1) 387) dialog: She’s in the bedroom.
1) 389) dialog: Be my guest.
1) 393) dialog: Hey, you don’t need my permission. You're an adult. Barely. Point made. She walks down the hall. Comes to a closed do Knocks softly. No answer. She opens the door and sees -- ANNIE HANSON is 50, heavy, and COVERED IN BLOOD. She sits the edge of her bed, sobbing, mumbling, and rocking back forth gripping a KITCHEN KNIFE. Cuts run up and down her arms. She never notices the open door. Jane doesn’t give a chance to -- she closes the door quickly. Jane stands a moment in the hall -- she is in no way prep to navigate this world, and she knows it. She dreads walk to the living room and facing Martin, but does it anyway. When she reaches the living room, Martin stares hell at h She has it coming.
1) 400) dialog: I'm tired, Cory. I’m just so tired of fighting this life. Ds.
1) 402) dialog: Drugs is his family now ... He’s gone too. Lives just down the damn road, but ... He’s gone. Martin takes a long drag.
1) 403) dialog: I expect they’1l find he’s involved in this somehow. Beat.
1) 405) dialog: Yep ... You’re driving this Fed around so she don’t get lost, that it?
1) 407) dialog: What are you doing? Martin looks back at Cory.
1) 409) dialog: If you find who did this ... (His eyes burn into Cory) No matter who it is. You understand me? He does.
1) 411) dialog: Then get off my porch and go do it. Cory stands and follows Martin as he heads back into his crumbling house. INT. CORY’S PICK UP -- DAY. Cory follows Jane’s SUV, who follows Ben’s squad car ... move down an empty highway. As they drive, Cory looks ove sees two coyotes trotting through the snow to his left. Notices a flock of sheep on the horizon... The sheep form their silly circle as the coyotes move clo at a dead run. Cory doesn’t slow down and doesn’t look back. He’s not hunting coyotes. Not today ... EXT. SAM LITTLEFEATHER’S HOUSE -- DAY. The house is the very essence of dilapidation. An old, burgundy MINIVAN that can’t possibly run, sits beside a lowered TOYOTA TERCEL in the driveway. HIP-HOP pulses the windows of the flimsy house. Cory, Jane, and Ben pull off the road. Get out. Cory look down -- sees snow-filled SNOWMOBILE TRACKS beside the highway. They disappear abruptly -- as though they levita Or were loaded onto a trailer ... Cory begins walking through the snow to the back of the h as Jane and Ben head to the front door. Ben draws his pistol.