0) 1) text: The man, dressed completely in white, lays prone -- invis in the snow. A rifle pressed to his shoulder. He works th bolt -- chambers another round. WE SEE THE LAST COYOTE THROUGH A RIFLE SCOPE. The cross-hairs find the back of the coyote’s head bounci in and out of view. The scope begins to move with it. The rifle invades the silence again. When the muzzle flash disappears, we see the coyote splayed out in the snow. In the distance, the two coyotes wise enough to never tru the scent of man crest a far rise, and drop out of view. The sheep shriek in terror as they run around in a giant, panicked, pointless circle. The man rises and walks toward the carnage he inflicted. The flock runs right toward the man, who doesn’t stop. Doesn’t even look in their direction. The flock almost runs into him before dividing and passin him on either side. They rejoin, and continue their silly circle -- all instinct for survival bred out of them. EXT. SAGEBRUSH PRAIRIE -- DAY. The man looks at the dead coyotes with no emotion. He rem a rope from a backpack. Begins looping the rope around th back feet of a coyote, then moves to another and does the same. All three are now tethered together and he begins the cho of dragging them through the snow and red dirt. He drags them past the flock, which stands idly by, panti like tired dogs. His dark eyes hold no joy. No sorrow either. This is not sport. This is his job. This is CORY LAMBERT.
1) 416) dialog: Yeah?
1) 418) dialog: Not here, brah.
1) 420) dialog: Who the fuck are you? Do.
1) 422) dialog: No.
1) 424) dialog: «+. Chief, wazzup Brah.
1) 426) dialog: He’s in prison. Where you put him.
1) 428) dialog: Reminds me, I’m supposed to give you this from my P.O. ... Hold on, got it in here somewhere, yeah here it is -- He fishes a small canister of pepper spray from his coat pocket and empties it into their faces. Ben and Jane fall back, coughing and rubbing furiously at their eyes. The door closes. Frantic footsteps and yellin come from the house as Ben and Jane stumble into the snow gasping for breath. EXT. LITTLEFEATHER HOUSE -- BACKYARD -- CONT. Cory hears the shouting and coughing. Ben yells a warning him, then -- FOOTSTEPS moving through the house toward th back door. Cory runs toward it, picking up a SNOW SHOVEL the way ... He brings the shovel up, plants his foot, and swings like hell as the back door opens -- a FAT TEENAGER DRESSED LIK GANGSTER runs right into the meat of the shovel. He is blown back into the door frame, and into CHIP HANS 21, the boy from the photos on Martin Hanson’s wall. Chip falls over the fat one, landing hard in the snow FACE FIR He rolls over and sees: FROM CHIP’S POV -- We are looking up at Cory -- AND HIS BOOT -- coming towar us. Fast. Blocking the sun like an eclipse. Slamming us b into the snow. EXT. LITTLEFEATHER HOUSE -- FRONT DOOR -- CONT. Jane forces herself to stand, snot and tears running free down her face. Ben is struggling to stand, fighting the liquid cayenne pepper wreaking havoc on his senses. He stumbles to the ground, vomiting and cursing simultaneously. Jane sneezes and spits mucus as she raises her pistol eye level and enters the house ... INT. LITTLEFEATHER HOUSE -- CONT. It is dark. No electricity. A small fire burns in an oil in the living room -- smoke escaping through a hole in th roof. WE RUN BEHIND HER, LOOKING OVER HER SHOULDER. She stumbles, sneezes, and trips over the ocean of trash the floor. Notices the open back door and Cory, standing the two teens sprawled in the snow. She motions for him to stay there and moves deeper into t house. She hears the sounds of shells being fed into a shotgun, hears a round pumped into the chamber. She stumbles through the ankle-high trash and falls again the wall, announcing her presence. She strains to see thr her tears. A BLACK BLUR MOVES INTO THE HALLWAY. She fires round after round in its direction. The muzzle flash of her pistol blinds us -- the echo of the rounds b into our skull. RINGING IS ALL WE CAN HEAR. Do. She stumbles further down the hall. Sees Sam crumpled on floor -- a shotgun beside him. A bullet has pierced his cheek, another his neck. Goose d protrudes from holes in his coat. Blood pumps from his ne to the rhythm of his dying heart. He looks up at her -- face filled with surprise and hate. tries to say something, but no sound comes. THE RINGING FADES, REPLACED WITH JANE’S LABORED BREATHING She leans against the wall. Hears Ben kicking through the trash behind her. She looks back down -- Sam is trying to grab the shotgun -- piece of shit to the very last. She reaches down, grabs the shotgun. Steps away, still pointing her pistol at him.