8) 0) text: ROBIN WEBBER is George's ex-wife, still beautiful at fort She herds two boys, RYAN (8) and ADAM (7), down the hall.
8) 4) dialog: Can we have a party for him while he's gone?
8) 7) text: A loud CRASH stops Ryan and Adam at the top of the stairs
9) 2) text: The closet pole and a long line of clothes have been fell by Sam's dangerous whack-off technique; he's on the floor with the robe tie still around his neck and a pile of shi sprawled over him.  The song continues: '...come out come out, wherever you are, would you do it all over right fro the start, and what you wish for won't come true, you are surprised to love, are you?'  Robin stops at the door, trying to figure out why her son sitting in a pile of his own clothes.  Ryan and Adam join her, looking equally perplexed.
11) 0) text: PETER WEBBER, Robin's husband, is a distinguished, intimidating man with silver hair and an expensive suit.  LOIS, the maid, serves French toast to Ryan and Adam as R sips tea.
11) 1) dialog: Sam broke his closet.
11) 9) text: Adam, Ryan and Robin check out the eye shadow.
11) 21) text: Robin focuses on Peter, who simply shrugs.  Adam stands u walks over to his father and gives him a hug.
11) 22) dialog: I get chocolate cake for your birthday.
11) 24) text: Adam is quick to back away from his father and lick the fingers of one hand.
21) 1) dialog: Marco!
21) 3) dialog: I'm not cheating!  I'm not looking!
21) 7) text: The boys have stopped playing; Adam opens his eyes.
24) 0) text: Sam rushes over to the window and stares down at the scre and ladder.  Ryan, Adam and their friends are still in th pool, holding onto the coping, staring up at Sam.  Sam sl the window shut and searches for the can of whipping crea He gets down on his knees to search under the bed.  Stand and making one more pass of the room, he notices the can the trash.  He instantly focuses all his rage at the clos door.
41) 0) text: Ryan and Adam are on their backs on rafts as Robin swims between them.  Suddenly, like a UFO crashing to Earth, Sa suitcase spirals downward straight into the pool, barely missing both Adam and Ryan.
41) 34) dialog: Can we hate you?
54) 0) text: Robin is sitting alone at the table, doing nothing.  The is on loud in another room.  Adam walks into the room in pajamas.  He sits down across from his mother at the tabl Robin smiles at him.  He smiles back as he scoots his cha closer to the table and extends his arms straight out acr the top.  Robin extends her arms and they lock hands near middle.  Without a word, they hold hands.  Adam lets go a climbs on top of the table, scoots across it with a kiss his mother before he's gone, sliding off the table on his rear and running back to the TV.
60) 6) text: Robin stands as Adam and Ryan try to hold her down.
71) 2) text: They both wake with a groan.  Robin leaps onto Adam and tickles him to life.
72) 0) text: Robin is quickly finishing a breakfast of oatmeal and fre fruit with Adam and Ryan, who are still dressed in pajama
72) 3) dialog: Are you going to see Sam again?
72) 9) dialog: I wanna be with you today.
72) 11) dialog: We can work.
80) 0) text: Ryan and Adam run to Guster with glee as Robin steps out the Range Rover with a large covered basket and a boom bo She sets the basket and radio on the patio table and sear for George, ending up at the entrance to the garage.
81) 9) text: Outside, Adam and Ryan are each calling Guster.
81) 20) dialog: Sam!
82) 0) text: Adam runs with abandon to Sam and Alyssa as Robin helps George to a patio chair.
82) 2) text: Adam runs into Sam with a hug, then steps back.
82) 4) dialog: Mom said I should.
82) 6) dialog: I would have anyway.
82) 7) text: Sam appears awkward as he rests his hand for a second on Adam's shoulder.
82) 8) dialog: Who are you?
82) 10) dialog: I'm his brother.
82) 12) text: Adam views her suspiciously as they walk across Alyssa's grass to the patio.
82) 13) dialog: Mom says we can build a house.
82) 30) text: A BLINK 182 SONG BLASTS from the boom box on the patio ta Ryan and Adam slather paint remover on five old painted doors.  They work with gloves and brushes and appear meticulous in their application.  Alyssa and Sam nail and bolt the corner posts to the rim joist as Robin and Georg work on the stick framed door deck.  While George is moving a little slower than usual, it app that the pain is nearly gone.  As the song ends, Robin ru toward the radio.
82) 36) dialog: Did you know him before you knew Dad?
82) 44) dialog: Just don't hug me too tight.
82) 45) text: Adam walks to his mother and they hold hands as they danc Sam sits down to watch.  George wears a smile that wipes last of the pain from his face.
82) 46) dialog: That's all you get.  I'm busy today.
82) 47) text: Adam backs away and grabs his paintbrush.  Robin stops dancing as she focuses on George.
85) 0) text: In the late June afternoon, with a clotted cloud sky, Rob Adam, Ryan, Sam, Alyssa and George work at building a hou Adam and Ryan are staining the interior doors they stripp days earlier.  George and Sam carry large wood beam to th foundation and slip it into the pocket mortise of the laminated beam that spans from pier post to pier post.  R grabs a drill and screws the cast-in tie down to the wood beam.  Alyssa is sawing a rafter in half as her mother wa across the grass with a huge basket of food.
85) 3) dialog: I like the color I'm making the doors.
85) 5) text: Adam lights up, pleased to be praised.
85) 8) dialog: Will Sam live with you or us?
85) 10) text: It's a quick response that draws Robin's attention.  Sam lightly bops Adam on the head.
85) 12) dialog: I don't think Dad wants you home.
85) 20) text: That's it.  He goes back to work as Sam glances at him, amused.  Adam and Ryan are surprised and it shows on thei faces.  Robin smiles.
87) 0) text: With an extended plate and overhung rafters, the frame ta its form; rooms are roughed in; windows are framed; two g dormers distinguish the common-rafter roof in the front a frame for a balcony juts out over the ocean in back.  Rob and Adam are locking in and hoisting the sheets of plywoo a pulley system up to Ryan and George, who are stripped d to shorts - George is thinner than ever.
90) 0) text: George and Sam are on ladders, reinforcing a window openi on the second floor with a 2x4 spline.  Ryan and Adam are flat on their backs on the grass with Guster between them dog-tired.  Robin is at the grill with hamburgers as Alys prepares the table for dinner.
92) 0) text: Lunch is over.  Adam is wrestling with Guster on the lawn Robin is taking money from her purse as George hands Sam keys to his truck.
92) 3) dialog: And video games after!
92) 5) text: Sam shrugs, takes the money and keys as Ryan and Adam rus close to him.
92) 6) dialog: Do we have to take her?
113) 1) dialog: I got to play one video game for three hours straight!
113) 5) dialog: That's how you get things right is to always try and never give up.  Huh, Mom?
113) 13) text: Robin turns to Adam, excited at having Sam stay for dinne
113) 17) text: Adam takes off in a run as Sam walks to the sink and wash his hands before grabbing a stack of plates for dinner. arranges the five on the table and then heads back for utensils as Adam runs back in.
113) 18) dialog: He's not there.
113) 20) dialog: I checked everywhere.  He's not there.
118) 0) text: Robin pulls to a stop and Ryan and Adam run from the Rang Rover to Sam and Alyssa, who are helping an ELECTRICIAN (DALE) install the outside boxes and sockets.
118) 1) dialog: Dad's disappeared!
118) 5) dialog: Who are you?
118) 8) dialog: I'm the builder!
118) 9) text: Sam turns back to finish what he was working on as Alyssa grabs Adam with a hug.
120) 0) text: Adam and Ryan are helping Dale run the electrical lines; Alyssa and Sam drill screws into the second story floorboards.  MUSIC is playing loud on the radio.
122) 25) text: Adam races to George with a hug - something unexpected. rushes back to work as George breaks into a smile.  Alyss rushes down the stairs and straight into George's arms.
122) 35) text: Ryan walks back to Adam, who's been standing still, listening.
122) 43) text: Adam and Ryan are excited as George closes the distance.  Finally, Dale drops the harmless wire and takes off in a
130) 2) dialog: Is that bone sticking out?
131) 0) text: Robin, George and Sam are sitting at the patio table as R and Adam play catch with Guster.
131) 5) text: Robin stands.  George stands because Robin's standing.  Without warning, Robin begins to cry again.  Ryan and Ada stop playing ball.  Sam studies her before finally loweri his eyes.  With her kids looking on, George stands still, hesitant to comfort her.  There's a moment where all that there is, where the only thing seen or heard is Robin's p After an awkward amount of time, she wipes her eyes, wipe her nose, crosses around the table to Sam and kisses the of his head, then his cheek.  Without a word, she walks t her car and climbs in; Ryan and Adam quickly join her in car. 
138) 0) text: Dale is wiring with Adam and Ryan helping.  Kurt, Robin a Colleen are setting up and sealing the plastic plumbing pipes.  Two new men (GREG and MIGUEL) are on the roof, finishing up where Josh fell down.  MUSIC is playing on t radio.  George is asleep on the chaise lounge.  Alyssa wa across the grass and stops to stare at George.  Tears wel her eyes.  Alyssa continues on to the house and walks up stairs.
139) 33) text: Robin turns and walks back into the house.  Colleen, Alys Adam and Ryan soon follow.
144) 2) text: Robin pulls to a stop on the street and Adam and Ryan run to gawk at all the workers.
151) 0) text: Adam and Ryan are sitting next to each other on the floor subdued, tossing a ball to Guster.  The kitchen door open and Peter walks into the family room.  Adam is the first notice but the last to react.  Ryan stands as Guster bark
151) 10) text: Ryan is tough - not giving an inch.  Peter stares at his sons, ashamed that the question could be asked.  Adam sta and walks to this father, takes his hand.
154) 0) text: Robin couldn't look worse as she walks down the hall to t family room with Ryan.  Peter is standing alone.  Ryan jo Adam on the floor with Guster.  Robin stops and stands te feet from Peter.
157) 0) text: Robin, Peter, Ryan and Adam are in the middle of dinner a Adam excitedly tries to explain all that he and his broth have accomplished.
157) 1) dialog: And we got to take all the old paint off all the doors and then George taught us how to stain everything and he even let me choose the color I liked best!  And he said he loved me!
157) 3) dialog: With Dale.  Oh, and I got to drill a hole into a board to put the wire through!
157) 5) dialog: Maybe you can come help us too?!
160) 0) text: The door opens and Robin, Adam, Ryan and Peter are greete Guster, who bounces around like a wired rabbit.
160) 2) text: Adam runs to Robin for a kiss, then grabs Peter with a hu
160) 3) dialog: Goodnight.
160) 5) text: Adam runs up the stairs, Guster right on his heels.  Ryan staring at his father.
165) 0) text: Peter stops and steps out of his car as Adam and Ryan rac for the house.
165) 1) dialog: It's almost done!
165) 4) dialog: What color?
165) 6) dialog: I love red!  That's my favorite color!
165) 7) text: Adam and Ryan walk into the house as Sam focuses on Peter who keeps his distance.
168) 0) text: Most of the workers have gone home, because most of the w is done.  All the floor are hand-scrapped cherry; huge be and wood planks lend a strength to the ceiling.  The kitc cabinets are in; the bathrooms are complete.  Sam, Ryan, Alyssa, Adam and Peter are the only ones left.  Outside, hear a car pull to a stop.
168) 1) dialog: Mom!
168) 2) text: Adam and Ryan run down the stairs.  Peter stops cleaning brush and walks to the window as Sam stands still.
169) 0) text: Adam runs to Robin and meets her mid-yard with a hug.
169) 1) dialog: When does George get to come see his house?
169) 3) text: Adam and Robin are staring at the house.  Ryan can see th strain on his mother's face.
171) 0) text: Adam and Ryan have their arms wrapped around their mother we pull back and watch the sun set the sky off in dazzlin hues of orange and red.