51) 2) text: There's no chance he's been heard.  TOM and BARBARA, two older neighbors of George's nearing home from a walk, sto the driveway - both look pleased.
51) 3) dialog: It's about time this shack is torn down.
51) 4) text: Barbara appears surprised as George turns to face them - obviously didn't realize he was the one up on the roof do the demolition.
51) 7) text: Tom and Barbara react by trying not to react.
51) 9) text: Tom and Barbara step back and walk away.  George heads to ladder and climbs down.
70) 14) text: George strikes another blow to the house joined with a MA WAIL.  Sam starts low, a whisper of a scream, but quickly builds, soon rivaling George in volume as he pounds away. This soul letting, cleansing ritual is both impelling and frightening to watch.  Tom and Barbara, Colleen and her m step out of their houses, drawn and perplexed by the gutt noise.
116) 0) text: Guster is taking a dump on the immaculate lawn.  David Do rushes from the house dressed in a suit and picks up the with a gloved hand and heaves it at Guster as the dog tro back to safety.  Tom and Barbara, the old early walkers o the street, stop and watch as David picks up more crap an tosses it onto George's driveway.  He notices Tom and Barbara.
116) 2) text: Tom and Barbara stay silent as David Dokos walks back int his house and slams the front door shut.
137) 0) text: Colleen walks out her front door straight to her neighbor house.  After a bit of RINGING and a bit of waiting, Tom the walking Tom and Barbara) answers the door in a bathro
144) 0) text: Colleen is talking to Tom and Barbara as they stand to th side of the house where a throng of men assemble the hous
148) 0) text: The house is coming together incredibly fast with all the workers.  Tom and Barbara are supervising the crew.  Davi Dokos whips around the corner in his black Mercedes and p in his driveway, rushing over as he yells.
148) 5) text: Tom's face is flushed; Barbara calms him by grabbing his
148) 6) dialog: Tom, let's not overreact now.
148) 9) text: Tom and Barbara simply stare at him in disbelief.  David walks back to his house.  Tom turns to his wife.
164) 0) text: Twenty men along with Tom and Barbara, Alyssa and Colleen Sam and David Dokos are painting; installing windows, flo or cabinets as the house begins to take its final shape.