8) 0) text: ROBIN WEBBER is George's ex-wife, still beautiful at fort She herds two boys, RYAN (8) and ADAM (7), down the hall.
8) 2) dialog: Why?
8) 7) text: A loud CRASH stops Ryan and Adam at the top of the stairs
9) 2) text: The closet pole and a long line of clothes have been fell by Sam's dangerous whack-off technique; he's on the floor with the robe tie still around his neck and a pile of shi sprawled over him.  The song continues: '...come out come out, wherever you are, would you do it all over right fro the start, and what you wish for won't come true, you are surprised to love, are you?'  Robin stops at the door, trying to figure out why her son sitting in a pile of his own clothes.  Ryan and Adam join her, looking equally perplexed.
11) 0) text: PETER WEBBER, Robin's husband, is a distinguished, intimidating man with silver hair and an expensive suit.  LOIS, the maid, serves French toast to Ryan and Adam as R sips tea.
11) 9) text: Adam, Ryan and Robin check out the eye shadow.
11) 18) dialog: Queer.
11) 20) dialog: Dad said it first.
18) 0) text: Robin is sitting at the kitchen counter, cutting carrots; through the French doors, she's able to watch Ryan and Ad along with a few friends, play in the pool.
21) 0) text: Ryan is the first to notice  George.
21) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
24) 0) text: Sam rushes over to the window and stares down at the scre and ladder.  Ryan, Adam and their friends are still in th pool, holding onto the coping, staring up at Sam.  Sam sl the window shut and searches for the can of whipping crea He gets down on his knees to search under the bed.  Stand and making one more pass of the room, he notices the can the trash.  He instantly focuses all his rage at the clos door.
27) 3) text: He holds out the wad of wet paper towels, but before he c say trashcan, BRYAN BURKE stands up from behind his desk.
28) 0) text: George steps in and the secretary closes the door to the office.  Bryan approaches with his arm outstretched, but George can only raise the paper towels.
28) 2) text: Bryan grabs a trashcan and holds it up; George tosses the ball into the trash and sits down.
28) 4) text: Bryan motions with his hand as he sits.
28) 12) text: Bryan nods and laughs as he takes a chunk of croissant an chews as he talks.
28) 18) text: Bryan is anxious as he holds up the rest of the croissant George shakes his head "no".  Bryan tosses his croissant the trash can and leans forward.
28) 29) text: George nods as he stares at Bryan.
28) 31) text: Bryan is rattled by George's blank stare.  He takes his g of orange juice and sits back in his chair, taking a sip, the while keeping an eye on George.
28) 33) text: Bryan knows he's supposed to say something, he just can't seem to figure out what.
28) 38) text: Bryan lights up at the sound of his Alma matter.
28) 41) text: This is not the direction Bryan had hoped the conversatio was headed.
28) 43) text: Bryan wants this to end.  He leans forward with a whisper
28) 48) text: Bryan is perplexed as George stands.
28) 55) text: Relieved and not understanding anything about irony, Brya stands and extends his hand.  George shakes Bryan's hand without malice.
28) 59) text: Bryan recoils slightly from the request.
28) 64) text: George nods and leaves.  Bryan looks lost and guilty agai
29) 4) text: The plea is instantly followed by a pathetic low whine.  George works up a sweat as he whacks model after model; portions of plastic walls or window splatter the office a though bombed in war.  Bryan Burke's secretary inches as close as she dares.
29) 10) text: With that, George finishes what he began only minutes pri the complete and utter destruction of every model display on every shelf in the office, save one.  Workers huddle together, collectively moaning and moving en mass from th mayhem.  George picks up the sole surviving model in his and cradles it carefully as he walks into Bryan Burke's office.
30) 0) text: Bryan cowers behind his desk as George enters with his mo in one hand and the long wooden stick in the other.
30) 2) text: It takes Bryan a few aborted attempts to answer before he simply nods.
30) 4) text: Bryan nods again, then quivers as George steps forward, l the stick against the desk and extends his hand.
30) 6) text: Bryan winces as he extends his hand.  They shake hands an George grabs hold of the stick again.
30) 8) text: George walks around the desk and bashes in a model hidden the floor, one that Bryan had obviously wanted to save.
30) 10) text: George drops the wooden spool and walks out of the office Bryan garners the courage to stand.
30) 14) text: George closes the door behind him.  Bryan stares down at remains of the model; he gets down on his knees and caref gathers up the pieces.
41) 0) text: Ryan and Adam are on their backs on rafts as Robin swims between them.  Suddenly, like a UFO crashing to Earth, Sa suitcase spirals downward straight into the pool, barely missing both Adam and Ryan.
60) 6) text: Robin stands as Adam and Ryan try to hold her down.
72) 0) text: Robin is quickly finishing a breakfast of oatmeal and fre fruit with Adam and Ryan, who are still dressed in pajama
72) 1) dialog: Why do we have to get up and eat with you this early?
72) 5) dialog: All day again?
72) 14) dialog: Can we really help build a house?
80) 0) text: Ryan and Adam run to Guster with glee as Robin steps out the Range Rover with a large covered basket and a boom bo She sets the basket and radio on the patio table and sear for George, ending up at the entrance to the garage.
81) 9) text: Outside, Adam and Ryan are each calling Guster.
82) 25) text: Sam walks to Ryan, who's been standing back from the grou
82) 26) dialog: Hey.
82) 27) text: Sam drapes his arm over Ryan's shoulder and together they walk to the foundation.
82) 29) dialog: If we do, will it stay up?
82) 30) text: A BLINK 182 SONG BLASTS from the boom box on the patio ta Ryan and Adam slather paint remover on five old painted doors.  They work with gloves and brushes and appear meticulous in their application.  Alyssa and Sam nail and bolt the corner posts to the rim joist as Robin and Georg work on the stick framed door deck.  While George is moving a little slower than usual, it app that the pain is nearly gone.  As the song ends, Robin ru toward the radio.
82) 32) dialog: Someone stop her!
82) 52) text: Sam watches Alyssa walk away, but he's quickly drawn back his mother and father dancing.  Ryan appears anxious, uns of the music and George.
82) 53) dialog: When did you fall in love with my dad?
82) 54) text: The dance stops.  George lets go of Robin as she focuses Ryan.
85) 0) text: In the late June afternoon, with a clotted cloud sky, Rob Adam, Ryan, Sam, Alyssa and George work at building a hou Adam and Ryan are staining the interior doors they stripp days earlier.  George and Sam carry large wood beam to th foundation and slip it into the pocket mortise of the laminated beam that spans from pier post to pier post.  R grabs a drill and screws the cast-in tie down to the wood beam.  Alyssa is sawing a rafter in half as her mother wa across the grass with a huge basket of food.
85) 6) dialog: How many bedrooms will your house have?
85) 14) dialog: Yes, it is.
85) 20) text: That's it.  He goes back to work as Sam glances at him, amused.  Adam and Ryan are surprised and it shows on thei faces.  Robin smiles.
87) 0) text: With an extended plate and overhung rafters, the frame ta its form; rooms are roughed in; windows are framed; two g dormers distinguish the common-rafter roof in the front a frame for a balcony juts out over the ocean in back.  Rob and Adam are locking in and hoisting the sheets of plywoo a pulley system up to Ryan and George, who are stripped d to shorts - George is thinner than ever.
90) 0) text: George and Sam are on ladders, reinforcing a window openi on the second floor with a 2x4 spline.  Ryan and Adam are flat on their backs on the grass with Guster between them dog-tired.  Robin is at the grill with hamburgers as Alys prepares the table for dinner.
92) 2) dialog: Enough for drinks, popcorn and candy!
92) 5) text: Sam shrugs, takes the money and keys as Ryan and Adam rus close to him.
113) 2) text: Ryan enters right behind him.
113) 3) dialog: Wouldn't you move to another one if the one you were playing made you look stupid?
113) 15) dialog: Dad's home, already?
118) 0) text: Robin pulls to a stop and Ryan and Adam run from the Rang Rover to Sam and Alyssa, who are helping an ELECTRICIAN (DALE) install the outside boxes and sockets.
118) 2) dialog: He was there and then he wasn't!
120) 0) text: Adam and Ryan are helping Dale run the electrical lines; Alyssa and Sam drill screws into the second story floorboards.  MUSIC is playing loud on the radio.
122) 27) text: George is still smiling as he tucks a strand of Alyssa's behind her ear.  Ryan sort of saunters over to George wit his hands sunk deep in his pockets.  Without asking, Geor wraps his arms around Ryan with a hug.  Afterward:
122) 28) dialog: I just wanted to know where Mom was?
122) 30) dialog: It's okay.
122) 32) dialog: Because Dad left?
122) 34) dialog: I don't even care if he ever comes back.
122) 35) text: Ryan walks back to Adam, who's been standing still, listening.
122) 43) text: Adam and Ryan are excited as George closes the distance.  Finally, Dale drops the harmless wire and takes off in a
131) 5) text: Robin stands.  George stands because Robin's standing.  Without warning, Robin begins to cry again.  Ryan and Ada stop playing ball.  Sam studies her before finally loweri his eyes.  With her kids looking on, George stands still, hesitant to comfort her.  There's a moment where all that there is, where the only thing seen or heard is Robin's p After an awkward amount of time, she wipes her eyes, wipe her nose, crosses around the table to Sam and kisses the of his head, then his cheek.  Without a word, she walks t her car and climbs in; Ryan and Adam quickly join her in car. 
138) 0) text: Dale is wiring with Adam and Ryan helping.  Kurt, Robin a Colleen are setting up and sealing the plastic plumbing pipes.  Two new men (GREG and MIGUEL) are on the roof, finishing up where Josh fell down.  MUSIC is playing on t radio.  George is asleep on the chaise lounge.  Alyssa wa across the grass and stops to stare at George.  Tears wel her eyes.  Alyssa continues on to the house and walks up stairs.
139) 33) text: Robin turns and walks back into the house.  Colleen, Alys Adam and Ryan soon follow.
144) 2) text: Robin pulls to a stop on the street and Adam and Ryan run to gawk at all the workers.
151) 0) text: Adam and Ryan are sitting next to each other on the floor subdued, tossing a ball to Guster.  The kitchen door open and Peter walks into the family room.  Adam is the first notice but the last to react.  Ryan stands as Guster bark
151) 1) dialog: Guster, be quiet.
151) 4) dialog: Hey.
151) 6) dialog: It's not ours.  It's George's.
151) 9) dialog: Why?
151) 10) text: Ryan is tough - not giving an inch.  Peter stares at his sons, ashamed that the question could be asked.  Adam sta and walks to this father, takes his hand.
151) 11) dialog: I'll tell Mom you're here.
154) 0) text: Robin couldn't look worse as she walks down the hall to t family room with Ryan.  Peter is standing alone.  Ryan jo Adam on the floor with Guster.  Robin stops and stands te feet from Peter.
157) 0) text: Robin, Peter, Ryan and Adam are in the middle of dinner a Adam excitedly tries to explain all that he and his broth have accomplished.
157) 2) dialog: We did a lot of the wiring too.
160) 0) text: The door opens and Robin, Adam, Ryan and Peter are greete Guster, who bounces around like a wired rabbit.
160) 5) text: Adam runs up the stairs, Guster right on his heels.  Ryan staring at his father.
160) 6) dialog: Do you know anything about building a house?
160) 8) dialog: I guess I could teach you some things.
160) 10) text: Robin sneaks a quick kiss on Ryan's cheek as he heads for stairs.  After he's gone, Robin turns back to Peter.
165) 0) text: Peter stops and steps out of his car as Adam and Ryan rac for the house.
165) 7) text: Adam and Ryan walk into the house as Sam focuses on Peter who keeps his distance.
168) 0) text: Most of the workers have gone home, because most of the w is done.  All the floor are hand-scrapped cherry; huge be and wood planks lend a strength to the ceiling.  The kitc cabinets are in; the bathrooms are complete.  Sam, Ryan, Alyssa, Adam and Peter are the only ones left.  Outside, hear a car pull to a stop.
168) 2) text: Adam and Ryan run down the stairs.  Peter stops cleaning brush and walks to the window as Sam stands still.
169) 3) text: Adam and Robin are staring at the house.  Ryan can see th strain on his mother's face.
169) 4) dialog: Is George okay?
171) 0) text: Adam and Ryan have their arms wrapped around their mother we pull back and watch the sun set the sky off in dazzlin hues of orange and red.