12) 0) text: George is resting his head against the glass window as he stares out at the blighted landscape leading to downtown Angeles.  A sudden pang tightens his face; he presses his hand against his stomach and closes his eyes.
13) 4) text: Sam drops his cigarette and stomps it out as he stands; h face lightens as Alyssa waves before walking away.
41) 46) text: Sam glares at his mother before grabbing his soggy suitca and stomping out of the backyard.  Robin is stunned silen George's decisiveness.
51) 2) text: There's no chance he's been heard.  TOM and BARBARA, two older neighbors of George's nearing home from a walk, sto the driveway - both look pleased.
51) 5) dialog: Oh, hello George.
51) 7) text: Tom and Barbara react by trying not to react.
51) 9) text: Tom and Barbara step back and walk away.  George heads to ladder and climbs down.
51) 29) text: George is back with the chain saw, hacking away at the ro Sam is hesitant as he lies down on his stomach.  Alyssa kneels and squeezes lotion on his back.  She works it in, starting at his neck, working her way down to his pants. squirts Sam's arm and as she rubs close to his pit, he squirms.
57) 3) text: Sam stomps down the driveway and across the grass to Alys house.  George walks around to the back of his garage wit the rounded copper tubing.
70) 14) text: George strikes another blow to the house joined with a MA WAIL.  Sam starts low, a whisper of a scream, but quickly builds, soon rivaling George in volume as he pounds away. This soul letting, cleansing ritual is both impelling and frightening to watch.  Tom and Barbara, Colleen and her m step out of their houses, drawn and perplexed by the gutt noise.
86) 0) text: Robin's in bed reading as Peter emerges from the bathroom pajama bottoms.
116) 0) text: Guster is taking a dump on the immaculate lawn.  David Do rushes from the house dressed in a suit and picks up the with a gloved hand and heaves it at Guster as the dog tro back to safety.  Tom and Barbara, the old early walkers o the street, stop and watch as David picks up more crap an tosses it onto George's driveway.  He notices Tom and Barbara.
116) 2) text: Tom and Barbara stay silent as David Dokos walks back int his house and slams the front door shut.
132) 32) text: Sam whacks the CD's off his stomach; they scatter across floor.  Guster scoots off the bed in a panic.
137) 0) text: Colleen walks out her front door straight to her neighbor house.  After a bit of RINGING and a bit of waiting, Tom the walking Tom and Barbara) answers the door in a bathro
144) 0) text: Colleen is talking to Tom and Barbara as they stand to th side of the house where a throng of men assemble the hous
144) 1) dialog: He pulled this crew off a tract in Newport.  They're the best.
148) 0) text: The house is coming together incredibly fast with all the workers.  Tom and Barbara are supervising the crew.  Davi Dokos whips around the corner in his black Mercedes and p in his driveway, rushing over as he yells.
148) 2) text: David is searching for George, finally settling for Tom.
148) 4) dialog: I should have reported you for tossing that piece of dog doo.
148) 5) text: Tom's face is flushed; Barbara calms him by grabbing his
148) 7) text: David Dokos stomps his feet and thrusts his fist into the air, as a child might if he were overreacting.
148) 9) text: Tom and Barbara simply stare at him in disbelief.  David walks back to his house.  Tom turns to his wife.
148) 10) dialog: I want this house finished before he can stop it.
148) 11) text: Tom rolls up his sleeves and walks toward the house to he
164) 0) text: Twenty men along with Tom and Barbara, Alyssa and Colleen Sam and David Dokos are painting; installing windows, flo or cabinets as the house begins to take its final shape.