2) 3) dialog: Heavy is good. Heavy is reliable. If it doesn't work you can hit him with it. Tommy practices a couple of gun slinging maneuvers. He's impressed. At that moment the door opens and in walks a M carrying two heavy sacks of coins. He's a rough looking bastard, he's massive, and extremely ugly. Meet GORGEOUS GEORGE.
2) 13) dialog: I ' l l toss the coin.
5) 2) dialog: I' l l see what I can do.
5) 4) dialog: Yes I understand.
7) 2) dialog: The weight is a sign of reliability. I always go for reliability. Boris is showing Franky a large pistol.
7) 4) dialog: Nothing. Pause
7) 6) dialog: I want you to do something for me . Franky nods for him to go on .
7) 7) dialog: There is a fight in a couple of days:
7) 9) dialog: Unlicensed boxing. The camera tracks into Franky: he has a problem and it's been exposed.
7) 10) dialog: There is a bookies I know that will take bets. If you place one down for me we will call it quits.
7) 14) dialog: Well there isn't too many bookies that take those kind of bets, and I already have an outstanding debt with the house. I know something most don't. Why don't you put a few pounds down yourself?
11) 34) dialog: Uzbekistan.
11) 37) dialog: I have a job for you.
11) 39) dialog: I want you to hold up a bookies.
11) 42) dialog: Hear me out.     This one is different.
39) 0) text: Boris is admiring the outside of the shop.        He walk
40) 0) text: Franky is tied up on a stool, in front of him is the case and it's open. Boris waves the black guys to come into th corridor so they can talk without being heard.
40) 1) dialog: What are you doing with him?
40) 3) dialog: So why didn't you chop it off?
40) 6) dialog: What?
40) 10) text: Boris pulls out a wad of notes
40) 11) dialog: There's ten grand.
40) 14) dialog: What was in the case was mine, what was in the bookies was yours, ok there wasn't much but, here's ten large to help the situation.
40) 17) dialog: You fuckin idiots. He couldn't know who I am. Now open the case and give me.the stone. The black guys are left with their mouths open, everythin just changed gear and they weren't expecting that.
40) 18) dialog: Who's next? You have the ten grand now give me the stone. The pause continues. Boris lets a shot off that tears worryingly close to Sol's head.
40) 22) text: Boris appears little bothered by this and whips out a fou foot machete that he was concealing about his person. He pulls the case towards him and brings the machete down wi full force. We can tell by the expression on Tyrone's fac that it must have been some part of Franky's anatomy. Pointing to the ground:
40) 23) dialog: He's your problem now. You can keep the" ten grand along with the body, but if I see you again...well look at him.
81) 0) text: 84 BTT's car pulls up outside Boris1 house. BTT and Rosebud pull Boris up in the boot. Tyrone who is hanging about ne keeping watch, witnesses this. Rosebud places a blade at the Russian's neck.
86) 0) text: We cut to Vinny and Sol tearing round to Boris's.. They'r driving Tyrone's car. As they arrive, Tyrone jumps out in the middle of the road. They screech to a halt, narrowly avoiding squashing Tyrone.
92) 17) text: There is a sudden bang on the windshield and BTT turns ba to the front only to see the windshield covered in milk. Tony can't see where he is going and searches for the windshield wipers. While this is happening the car swerve to the side and hits a lamp post. They crash and the boot (trunk) has flown open and Boris the Blade tries to lift himself out. Rose Bud looks down at the sword he has been extracting he can see he very nearly cut himself in two. Tony pulls himself up from the steering wheel he has a tr of blood running down his face. There's a crash and a car hits em from behind.
93) 0) text: They too are recovering from the accident. And Boris has now come headfirst through the windshield.
101) 0) text: Tommy and Turkish pull up outside Boris' house.