42) 3) dialog: Oink, oink.    Where do you keep the sugar?
42) 7) dialog: That's very good Turkish.
42) 12) dialog: Well aren't you going to answer it?
43) 4) dialog: What's happening with the tea?
43) 6) dialog: That sounds like hostility, doesn't it John?
44) 0) text: Brick Top exits with Errol and John and grimaces with.the light. He's holding the contents of Turkish's safe.
44) 2) dialog: I think you have let him get away with enough all ready gov. Brick Top looks round with some concern.
49) 0) text: Errol is curb crawling down a particularly seedy street i car with John. They come to a halt, at the feet of some touter.
49) 1) dialog: Excuse me mate, d'ya know Mullet?
49) 2) text: The man looks a little 'further down the street. Errol fo his eyes, squints and seems to focus on something.
49) 3) dialog: Cheers pal.
49) 4) text: Errol puts on the gas a little-, the car surges forward a slows at the feet of Mullet - seedy looking character wit big ears and a moody haircut, who smokes fat cheap cigars and wears his top shirt button fastened.
49) 6) dialog: Very well Mullet, I am sure he'll be flattered you inquired.
49) 10) dialog: Don't stop with the foreplay.
49) 20) dialog: Good boy Mullet.
51) 0) text: Slow motion.      Errol and John are looking for Tyrone.
66) 0) text: Brick Top is on the phone and Errol and John sit opposite
68) 0) text: We see Errol outside with a glass cutter. He puts it arou the door and creates a circle with the sharp side, pulls out and puts his hand through to kill the alarm. He's in.
68) 1) dialog: You coming John?
68) 5) dialog: Get the governor John.
71) 0) text: The black guys are hanging upside down.        Errol and now wearing industrial pinnies.
71) 1) dialog: Is this how you want him gov?
71) 4) text: Brick Top considers this, and has a look at Errol who is more than enthusiastic to get on with the job at hand.
71) 6) dialog: I think we should drip dry em governor, while we have the chance.
71) 17) dialog: Shut it or I'll cut ya. . .
71) 19) text: Brick Top nods at Errol who looks extremely disappointed.
108) 5) dialog: Follow me. They go out of one room into another, and Errol shuts the door behind them. Vin looks uncomfortable. Another door i opened and a man brings out Lincoln. Lincoln is in bad sh and is relieved to see familiar faces, they are now shut a room .
108) 7) dialog: Do you know why the governor is the governor?
108) 9) dialog: I t 's because people are scared of him. You know why they are scared of him?
108) 11) dialog: It's because of stories. I am sure you've heard one or two of those stories. For example, did you hear about the three black fellas that did a very bad thing, however they made some effort to redeem that very bad thing, so the governor saw fit not to kill em. He thought it would be a more advantageous concept to let them kill each other and let the survivor live to tell the tale. That way everybody wins, well, all except the two that died of course. We look at the table where we see three large kitchen kni sitting provocatively. Tyrone rushes for one of the blade grabs it and runs at Vin, Vin sidesteps and Tyrone keeps running straight into the arms of Errol who raises his gu at the last moment. Tyrone slides the blade into Errol 's ribs and Errol fires a shot straight at Tyrone. The bulle passes through Tyrone and hits John in the throat . Vin, Lincoln and Sol are left wondering what the fuck has just happened .