2) 7) dialog: Sorry Tommy, I hope that I am not interrupting.
2) 9) dialog: What are you doing Tommy?
6) 0) text: ...And the whip pan shot takes us into this boxing ring. Meet TURKISH, he is Tommy's partner. Turkish is older and wiser than Tommy, they are both watching Gorgeous go thro his paces. Gorgeous George is head butting a heavy punch bag. The sound that emanates is disturbing, and Tommy is distracted.
6) 3) dialog: Oi Turkish, can I have a drink? Turkish looks over his shoulder and then points to himsel
12) 0) text: Tommy is driving down a country lane with Gorgeous George the passenger seat.
12) 3) dialog: Jesus what's that?
12) 7) dialog: I t ' s a camp site. It's a pikey campsite.
12) 9) dialog: What are we doing here?
12) 11) dialog: Off a pack of fucking pikies? What's wrong with you? This'll get messy.
12) 15) dialog: Oh you bastard, I hate fuckin pikies. They arrive in the camp site and the car is immediately surrounded by KIDS. The kids (most of whom are on bikes) speak with a sort of Anglo-Irish mix that sounds as rough the kids look.         ,
14) 0) text: Gorgeous George fastens the caravan to the back of their Land Rover and pulls away. They wave at Micky and he reciprocates.
16) 1) dialog: I don't think it's supposed to have done that.
17) 3) dialog: Hey... Interrupted
17) 9) text: Gorgeous George steps forward.
17) 20) text: Tommy looks at Gorgeous George.        Gorgeous George ra eyebrows.
18) 0) text: The two fighters start pacing. It looks a bit ridiculous, Micky is dwarfed by comparison. Gorgeous George takes a swipe: it was an .impressive punch, but Micky is a quick bastard and sidesteps. Micky does nothing to retaliate; h hands are still by his,side.
18) 3) dialog: You want to stay down my friend, I promise you, you want to stay down. Micky ignores this and continues to pace, the big fella g him and puts him in a headlock and charges him into the s door. There is a terrible noise.
18) 4) dialog: Now you fucking stay down boy or you won't be coming up next time. It appears as though this is going to get messy and any h that might have been around has now evaporated. Micky rai his head there is still no damage to speak of. All of a sudden he starts jumping up and down like he's warming up throwing a few shadow punches, taking off his shirt. This reveals a heavily tattooed and scarred torso, and underne these embellishments is a physique that warrants some res
18) 5) dialog: This is sick. I am outta here.