0) 0) text: A swarm of helicopters swoops out of a yellow sky and dep of men over a Vietnamese hillside. The SOLDIERS scramble over the terraced rice paddies for of the jungle. Falling into coulmns, like strands of sold seventy-five men, at combat readiness, assemble on the ed sweltering wilderness. It is dusk. The mood is lazy, soporific. Members of one p close to the ground smoking a joint.
2) 7) text: Yeah, you and everyone else. JACOB walks to the other end of the car and sits down. Th passenger is an OLD MAN lying asleep on the fiberglass be Occasionally his body shudders. It is the only sign of li The train begins to slow down. JACOB peers out of the win Avenue signs appear. He is relieved. He gets up and grabs overhead bar. The OLD MAN shudders and stretches out on the seat. As he position, tugging at his coat, JACOB catches a brief glim something protruding from beneath the coat's hem. His eye the spot, waiting for another look. There is a slight mov appears - a long, red, fleshy protuberance. The sight of shivers up JACOB's spine. It looks strangely like a tail. stopping of the train breaks JACOB's stare.
3) 0) text: JACOB is the only passenger getting off. The doors close him. He glances at the LADY sitting by the window. There expression on her face as the train carries her back into tunnel, out of his sight. JACOB reaches the exit, a huge metal revolving door surro to ceiling gates. He is about to push when he notices a c it shut. He stares at it in disbelief.
9) 0) text: JEZZIE carries the garbage to an INCINERATOR ROOM down th carrying several bags. Two of them are tossed instantly d She hesitates with the third. After a moment she reaches pulls out a handful of photos. They are pictures of JACOB With cool deliberation she drops them down the chute. An slams shut. Quickly she disposes of the pictures remainin JACOB opens the door to the tiny room as the bag filled w memories of his life falls to the fire below.
28) 37) dialog: I love you, Dad. JACOB smiles.
29) 0) text: JACOB settles back into bed. SARAH turns over and gets co JACOB lies on his back facing the ceiling. He pulls the b his neck. He is overcome with feelings of sadness and lon
33) 14) text: You are the most unbelievable woman I have ever met. One second you're a screaming banshee and the next you're Florence Nightingale. Who are you? That's what I want to know. Will the real Jezzie Pipkin please stand up. Suddenly the telephone rings. It startles them.
38) 0) text: CUT TO A HELICOPTER suffering an air bombardment. Flack i all around it and the shock waves are rocking the craft v JACOB's eyes peer to the left. INFANTRY GUNNERS are firing rockets into the JUNGLE below MEDICS are huddled over him. A sudden gush of arterial bl stream of blood splattering over the inside of the windsh PILOT, unable to see, clears it away with his hands. JACOB screams over the roar of the chopper. One of the ME his ear close to JACOB to hear.
51) 19) text: War games? Thailand? That's not true! How can you believe that? Can't you see what they're doing? It's all a lie. We were in Da Nang, for God's sake. You've got to believe me.
60) 0) text: Suddenly a fluorescent light flashes overhead. NORMAL HOS materialize instantaneously around him. A NURSE enters th followed by SARAH, ELI, and JED. They approach JACOB who traction, suspended over a hospital bed.
60) 5) dialog: You look terrible. Does that hurt?
60) 12) dialog: (trying to joke)
70) 27) text: Don't fight it. It's your own mind. It's your own fears. Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thunde war in the heavens. It is a scene of raw power and growin It builds in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling exp eyes stare into the formlessness expanding around him. Al becoming a dark liquid void. Gradually the liquid grows bluer, clearer. There is an un to the imagery, a feeling of womb-like comfort. Strange l and sparkle before us like sunlight on the ocean. JACOB i upward, toward the surface. With the delirious sound of water giving way to air, JACO through. To his amazement, he finds himself floating out- shimmering sunlit water. Above him are clouds of such won that they cannot possibly be of the earth. Pillars of gol reach down from the heavens creating a cathedral of light vision of heaven, a vast, almost mythic paradise. JACOB i A sudden movement catches his attention. He looks over an standing before him. Only MICHAEL looks different. His fa radiate an inner light, a transcendental beauty. JACOB is blinded by his presence and must shield his eyes to look
84) 47) text: Gabe. Oh God. I don't believe ... They hug one another over and over. JACOB, overcome, sits stiars. After a moment GABE puts his arm around his fathe in a gesture of surprising maturity and compassion. We se instant that their roles have reversed. GABE reaches for and gently encourages him to stand up. With a sweet tug GABE leads his father up the steps. Sunlight streams down from the top of the stiars, hitting landing. GABE is bathed in its warm glow. As JACOB reache he too is surrounded by the comforting light. GABE hurries up the last set of stairs. JACOB turns to fo stunned by the brilliance of the light pouring in from ab Squinting, he cannot see his son. Then suddenly GABE step the light and takes his father's hand once more. His eyes excitement.
88) 26) text: Jacob, I don't believe in demons, not in the empirical sense. I don't be- lieve in devils fighting for our souls. I don't believe in enternal damnation. I don't believe in other- worldly creatures tormenting us. We don't need them. We do a good enough job on ourselves.
92) 0) text: JACOB is sitting in a comfortable chair in his living roo reading. The room is dark, lit only by a reading light. T are mostly in shadow. The light, however, falls on one se the wall, a portion that has been lined in fake wood pane JACOB's eyes suddenly lift off the page and roam over the grain on the wall. All of a sudden he notices something s an image in the grain. He stares at it. The more he stare more precise its definition. The image of a DEMON appears wall. JACOB sits up quickly and stares at the walll. It is impo to get the DEMON's image out of the grain. It seems etche imbedded, in the paneling. JACOB looks away and returns to his book. He is reading a archetypes and the primordial mind. But the book does not his attention. He is obsessed with the wall. Its molecule suddenly active, the wood grain suddenly animate. Layers appear in the surface of the wall as the grain patterns s define a rocky, barren landscape. The DEMON is growing solid. Cries and screams rise up in distance. Flames and a red glow emanate from the space ex rapidly into the wall. The image of Hell erupts before hi JACOB stands up. He can see bodies suffering beyond the w masses of PEOPLE wailing and enduring the torments of a f world. The DEMON's arm slowly extends from the plane of t and reaches into the room. He is huge, covered in flames skulls, a living horror. He grabs hold of JACOB and pulls toward the wall. JACOB tries to back away but he cannot. is white with fear. The DEMON draws JACOB toward the infe
98) 31) text: You know who I am. Suddenly JEZZIE reaches for her tongue and pulls at it wi her might. It is an act of total, unrelieved grotesquenes each yank the horror grows as JEZZIE literally pulls hers inside out before JACOB's eyes. The emerging creature is JEZZIE transfigured, a demonic p beyond anything we have seen before. It is black and cove a thick oozing slime. Its head, still recognizable as JEZ rodent-like, with piercing green eyes and terrible horns  protruding from its brow. Its powerful arms have long spi claws. Its feet are cloven hooves. Extending from its bac long, thick, muscular tail that whips around the room wit devastating force. It throws furniture crashing through t A sudden cracking sound emerges from the DEMON's back. Da penetrate the air. JACOB is breathless as huge wings unfo spread out to the living room walls. The sound of their f is deafening. The walls shatter from their blows. As they darkness appears on the other side. There are no other ro VOID envelops them. The INFERNO emerges in all directions DEMON roars.
98) 37) dialog: Daddy!
98) 39) dialog: You're hurting me!
98) 42) dialog: Daddy. Let go.
98) 44) dialog: 