8) 52) text: Gabe. JEZZIE is silent. JACOB grabs a Kleenex and blows his nos
8) 55) text: Fuck, I don't even remember this picture. Hiding his emotions, JACOB scrambles over the bed and rea pair of pants. He pulls out his wallet and then carefully photo of GABE inside. It joins photos of his two other bo begins shoving the remaining pictures back into the paper
28) 17) dialog: Daddy, what was that noise?
28) 19) text: Gabe? (he stares curiously at his son)
28) 21) dialog: There was a bang.
28) 23) dialog: It's cold.
28) 25) dialog: Mom, it's ...
28) 27) dialog: Will you tuck me in?
28) 39) dialog: Wait ... Daddy.
28) 41) dialog: Don't go.
28) 43) text: I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here, Gabe. (he looks at his son tenderly)
28) 45) dialog: ... I love you. There is deep emotion and seriousness in GABE's words. JA by them.
28) 46) dialog: (continuing)
28) 48) dialog: (continuing)
28) 49) text: A bit more ... a bit more. JACOB adjusts the opening enough to please GABE and make GABE smiles and cuddles in his bed.
49) 0) text: GABE, on a BICYCLE, is rushing down the sidewalk. JACOB i alongside him, holding onto the seat. Plastic streamers t handlebars. GABE is a bit wobbly, but determined. After a false starts, JACOB lets go and GABE is riding by himself instant, GABE looks back at his father with a huge grin o JACOB is grinning, too. THE CAMERA HOLDS ON GABE as he pu us and heads into the distance.
84) 43) text: Who is it? Who's there? Tentatively JACOB moves forward. As he draws closer he be the outline of a child. Then, all of a sudden, he realize His eyes well up as he stands there, the full impact of t registering inside him. It's his son, GABE. He is carryin musical lunch box we have seen before. The young boy smil his father. It is the smile of an angel. JACOB swallows h
84) 45) text: Gabe? Gabe! JACOB runs to his son. Unable to hold back the tears, he in a rush of love and emotion.
84) 47) text: Gabe. Oh God. I don't believe ... They hug one another over and over. JACOB, overcome, sits stiars. After a moment GABE puts his arm around his fathe in a gesture of surprising maturity and compassion. We se instant that their roles have reversed. GABE reaches for and gently encourages him to stand up. With a sweet tug GABE leads his father up the steps. Sunlight streams down from the top of the stiars, hitting landing. GABE is bathed in its warm glow. As JACOB reache he too is surrounded by the comforting light. GABE hurries up the last set of stairs. JACOB turns to fo stunned by the brilliance of the light pouring in from ab Squinting, he cannot see his son. Then suddenly GABE step the light and takes his father's hand once more. His eyes excitement.
84) 48) dialog: Come on Dad ... You know what we've got? A sandbox just like the Williston's, only it's bigger and the sand's all white. You won't believe it. JACOB smiles at his son. GABE smiles at him. It is a mome euphoria. THE CAMERA HOLDS as they continue up the stairs
84) 49) dialog: (continuing)
84) 50) text: And my parakeet. Remember, the one grandma let out of the cage? He's okay. And he's talking now. He knows my name. GABE's voice slowly trails off as he and his father disap intenstity of the light. THE CAMERA HOLDS on the image. F stunning moment there appears to be a huge ethereal stair shimmering before us. It rises up into infinite dimension brilliance of its blinding light overwhelms the screen. Suddenly the brightness condenses into a smaller light so for a second and then flashes off. An overhead surgical l stubbornly in view.