45) 0) text: JACOB, FRANK, JERRY, GEORGE, DOUG, and ROD are sitting on in the LAW OFFICE of DONALD GEARY. GEARY, a red-faced man chins, is sucking on an ice cube. He looks at each of the spits the ice cube into an empty glass. It clinks.
45) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Singer, but do you have any idea how many people come to me with the injustices of the world? It'd break your heart.
45) 3) dialog: The army. The army. What is it with you guys? We're not talking about a trip to the library here. This is the United States Government for God's sake. This is red tape coming out of your ass. You know what I mean?
45) 5) dialog: Oh yeah? What am I - Perry Mason here? GEARY stands up and grabs a bag of Cheetos from a file dr chomps down a few and offers the bag to the others. There takers. Thirsty, he downs the ice cube and cracks it betw
45) 6) dialog: (continuing)
45) 9) dialog: What do you want, a fortune teller or a lawyer? ... I'll need sworn depositions from each of you and a list of the other members of the platoon, or their survivors.
45) 11) dialog: I'll tell you, if we find the  military is implicated in any way, you could stand to recover quite a lot of money. Not that I can predict anything, but some class action suits of this kind have been awarded fairly generous judgements. That wouldn't be so bad, would it Mr. Singer?
45) 14) dialog: Ah! I thought you were a mailman.
45) 16) dialog: (confused)
45) 19) dialog: (smiling)
48) 20) text: Listen, I just got a strange call from Geary. He said the guys backed down. What's he talking about?
51) 0) text: A huge wooden door slams open. JACOB charges through it. He is chasing his lawyer, DONALD GEARY, through a crowded corridor. GEARY, sweaty and unshaven, is cradling a Coke sandwich and a briefcase in the other. His stomach bounce walks.
51) 4) dialog: Nobody's been talking to nobody. You don't have a case, you hear me? It's pure and simple. Now leave me alone. Okay? JACOB grabs the back of GEARY's jacket and pulls him up s
51) 5) dialog: (continuing)
51) 6) text: Take your hands off me! JACOB lets go. He stares into GEARY's eyes.
51) 8) dialog: You need ... a doctor.
51) 10) dialog: There's nothing I can do. He turns and walks away. JACOB stands there a moment, and after him. GEARY is biting into his sandwich. Mayonnaise spills onto his hand. He licks it with his ton catches up to him.
51) 11) dialog: You mind? I'm eating, huh?
51) 13) dialog: I'll tell you what's gotten into me. I don't know you from Adam, right? You come to my office with this bizarro story and demand I look into it. Okay. I said I'd check it out and I did. Now I don't know what kind of fool you take me for, but you have used and abused me, and I don't like it.
51) 15) dialog: I talked to the Army's Bureau of Records. You've never even been to Viet Nam.
51) 17) dialog: It means that you and your buddies are whacko, that you were discharged on psychological grounds after some war games in Thailand.
51) 20) dialog: I don't have to do any such thing. I'm eating my lunch, okay? GEARY takes a swig of his COKE and begins walking away. J charges after him. With a wild swipe he sends the COKE CA of GEARY's hand. It reverberates down the corridor. GEARY
51) 22) dialog: He's on his way. CUT TO JACOB stepping onto the elevator. The doors close. playing "Sonny Boy" with Al Jolson singing. JACOB is surp it. He presses the down button for the main floor. The elevator stops at the LOBBY. The doors open swiftly. SOLDIERS are standing there. They approach JACOB.