0) 13) dialog: Up yours, you adolescent scum. Laughter.
0) 29) dialog: Don't leave me. Dark figures, silhouetted by the setting sun, are stormin SOLDIERS squint to see. It is a horrifying vision.
1) 0) text: THE WHEELS OF AN EXPRESS TRAIN screech through the statio SINGER, sitting alone in the last car, wakes up. The soun scream and the grating wheels merge. He is dazed and conf certain where he is. JACOB glances around the empty car. His eyes gravitate to advertisements for hemorrhoid perparations and savings ba his confusion subsides. Shifting uncomfortably he pulls a out of his back pocket, "The Stranger" by Albert Camus. H reading. Another station blurs by. JACOB is a good-looking man, of obvious intelligence. He thirties. It is surprising that he is wearing a mailman's doesn't look like one. The subway ride seems to go on interminably. JACOB is res concerned. He glances at his watch. It is 3:30 A.M. Putti his back pocket, JACOB stands up and makes his way throug car.
2) 0) text: JACOB enters the rumbling passageway between the cars. Th against the rails. The dark tunnel walls flash by. He pul on the door to the next car. It is stuck. He struggles wi sitting alone inside turns to look at him. She seems thre effort. He motions for her to help. She turns away. A look of disgust crosses JACOB's face. He kicks the door open. The WOMAN seems frightened as he approaches her.
2) 1) dialog: Excuse me, do you know if we've passed Nostrand Avenue yet? (she doesn't answer)
2) 6) dialog: (glad for a response)
2) 7) text: Yeah, you and everyone else. JACOB walks to the other end of the car and sits down. Th passenger is an OLD MAN lying asleep on the fiberglass be Occasionally his body shudders. It is the only sign of li The train begins to slow down. JACOB peers out of the win Avenue signs appear. He is relieved. He gets up and grabs overhead bar. The OLD MAN shudders and stretches out on the seat. As he position, tugging at his coat, JACOB catches a brief glim something protruding from beneath the coat's hem. His eye the spot, waiting for another look. There is a slight mov appears - a long, red, fleshy protuberance. The sight of shivers up JACOB's spine. It looks strangely like a tail. stopping of the train breaks JACOB's stare.
3) 0) text: JACOB is the only passenger getting off. The doors close him. He glances at the LADY sitting by the window. There expression on her face as the train carries her back into tunnel, out of his sight. JACOB reaches the exit, a huge metal revolving door surro to ceiling gates. He is about to push when he notices a c it shut. He stares at it in disbelief.
3) 1) dialog: Goddam it. He turns in a huff and hikes to the other end of the plat approaches the far exit, his eyes widen. The gate there i His hands reach for his hips as he studies an impossible CUT TO JACOB stepping cautiously onto the ladder going do tracks. A rat scampers by and he gasps.
3) 2) dialog: No way! He starts to climb back up the ladder but sees that there else to go. He juts out his jaw and steps back down. JACOB is not comfortable on the tracks. He cannot see whe stepping. His shoes slpash in unseen liquid which makes h The steel girders are coated in subway grime. The oily su his hands as he reaches for support.
3) 3) dialog: Goddam fucking city! He wipes the grime on his postal uniform as he steps towa track. He reaches for another girder when it begins to vi pinpoints of light hurl toward him. Then the noise arrive his fear. A train is bearing down on him. JACOB looks fri sure which way to go. He steps forward, up to his ankle i cannot tell which track the train is on. It is moving at speed. The station is spinning. The train's lights merge brilliant intensity. In near panic JACOB jumps across the track as the train s velocity blows his hair straight up as though it is stand clings to a pillar for support, gasping in short breaths. A few PEOPLE are staring at JACOB from the train. Their f up against the glass, seem deformed. A lone figure waves the rear window. The train bears them all away. Then it i For a moment JACOB is afraid to move but slowly regains h He continues to the other side of the tracks and stumbles to the UPTOWN PLATFORM.
3) 5) dialog: Hey, is someone in there? There is no answer. JACOB stands silently for a moment, n to do. He can hear whispering. He chews his lower lip ner then reaches for the door. It pushes open. The light from the station penetrates the darkness. He ga MAN tied naked to the stall with ANOTHER NAKED MAN grabbi his clothes. The BOUND MAN screams.
4) 0) text: JACOB walks toward the towering shadows of a massive PUBL PROJECT. It is dark and the moonlight silhouettes the hug structures. JACOB passes through a vast COURTYARD dominat imposing shapes. Aside from his moving body everything is
5) 0) text: JACOB steps off a graffiti-festooned ELEVATOR into a long hallway. He uses three keys to unlock the door to his APA
6) 0) text: JACOB enters the darkness without turning on the light. H navigate his way to the BATHROOM, illuminated by a tiny n the distance. His effort is unsuccessful. He bangs loudly A WOMAN"s voice calls out.
6) 2) dialog: What the hell did you do, move all the furniture?
6) 4) dialog: I didn't want to wake you.
6) 7) dialog: Where is the lamp?
6) 9) dialog: If I knew I wouldn't have to ask. What did you do? I was happy the way it was.
6) 11) dialog: Where to? JACOB crashes into it. A light suddenly goes on. JEZEBEL PIPKIN, 33, is standing in the BEDROOM door tying a man's bathrobe around her waist. Although sleepy, disheveled, a her best, it is obvious that JEZZIE is a beefy woman, jui sensual.
6) 13) dialog: (nearly sprawled over the couch)
6) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
6) 18) dialog: Oh God, Jezzie, ask me tomorrow.
6) 20) dialog: Roberts didn't show up. What could I say? Besides, it's double time.
6) 23) dialog: (unbuttoning his shirt as he walks to the BATHROOM)
6) 24) text: Don't ask. JACOB steps into the BATHROOM and pulls at his clothes, l a pile on the floor. He reaches for the faucet and sends water pouding against the porcelain tub. JEZZIE enjoys JA nakedness. She reaches out to his chest and squeezes one nipples. His body tenses slightly. JEZZIE drops her robe. the shower together.
7) 1) dialog: Help me. Someone. Suddenly a flashlight beam can be seen in the distance. I around the bamboo trees and draws closer to JACOB. It is see who is carrying it. The light darts near the ground w lying and then bursts directly into his eyes.
8) 0) text: SUNLIGHT pours through the BEDROOM window. JACOB is sleep as a bar of light saturates his face. His hand rushes up protect his eyes but the damage is done. He is awake. JACOB lies in bed for a few moments, dazed. Slowly his ha along the shelf at the head of the bed, searching for his has trouble finding them. As his hand sweeps blindly acro headboard it hits the telephone and sends it crashing to sits up with a disgusted look on his face and searches th shelf behind him. Suddenly JEZZIE enters.
8) 2) dialog: No. Have you seen my glasses?
8) 5) dialog: I don't know.
8) 7) dialog: (wearily)
8) 11) dialog: Thanks. (he puts on his glasses and notices the bag)
8) 14) dialog: Who? Jed?
8) 17) dialog: Eli. Why can't you remember their names?
8) 19) dialog: They're Biblical. They were prophets.
8) 21) dialog: And where do you think Jezebel comes from?
8) 23) dialog: (shaking his head)
8) 26) dialog: Yeah, but for what?
8) 28) dialog: And look what I got.
8) 30) dialog: I must have been out of my head.
8) 32) dialog: (ignoring the criticism and reaching for the paper bag)
8) 35) dialog: Look at these, will ya? I don't believe it. Jesus, these are fantastic. Look, here's my Dad ... And here's my brother, when we were down in Florida.
8) 37) dialog: (rummaging excitedly through the pile)
8) 42) dialog: What?
8) 44) dialog: What do you mean you can see?
8) 46) dialog: She looked good then.
8) 48) dialog: Well, you didn't marry her. He digs through more photos. Suddenly he stops.
8) 51) dialog: (nodding)
8) 52) text: Gabe. JEZZIE is silent. JACOB grabs a Kleenex and blows his nos
8) 53) dialog: (continuing)
8) 55) text: Fuck, I don't even remember this picture. Hiding his emotions, JACOB scrambles over the bed and rea pair of pants. He pulls out his wallet and then carefully photo of GABE inside. It joins photos of his two other bo begins shoving the remaining pictures back into the paper
8) 56) dialog: Wait. Don't.
8) 58) dialog: I just want to look ... He reaches into the pile for other snapshots. We see an a moments, happy, unfocused, obscure. Suddenly he stops and yellowing snapshot.
8) 59) dialog: God, this is me! (he holds up a baby photo)
9) 0) text: JEZZIE carries the garbage to an INCINERATOR ROOM down th carrying several bags. Two of them are tossed instantly d She hesitates with the third. After a moment she reaches pulls out a handful of photos. They are pictures of JACOB With cool deliberation she drops them down the chute. An slams shut. Quickly she disposes of the pictures remainin JACOB opens the door to the tiny room as the bag filled w memories of his life falls to the fire below.
9) 1) dialog: Ready?
10) 0) text: JACOB is driving a mail truck through the crowded streets Manhattan. As he drives he is humming to himself a rendit Jolson's "Sonny Boy." JACOB stops his truck in front of a LAUNDRY on West 46th opens the back door and pulls a stack of boxes toward him them with effort and slams the door with his foot. It doe considers giving it another whack but the boxes are heavy instead and waddles toward the store.
11) 0) text: A heavyset WOMAN with a dark tan is standing behind a cou with laundry. A picture of Richard Nixon is still stapled She looks at JACOB.
11) 5) dialog: They're awfully heavy.
11) 7) dialog: (huffing and puffing)
11) 10) dialog: How was Palm Springs?
11) 12) dialog: (pointing to the line)
11) 15) text: Two hundred dollars a night, for what? She hands JACOB the wrong sheet.
11) 16) dialog: No. I'll take the other one. (he takes it)
12) 0) text: ANGLE ON THE MAIL TRUCK stuck in traffic. Nothing is movi blaring and drivers are agitated. JACOB reaches for a new on top of his mail bags. To his shock one of the bags app Curious, JACOB pokes at it. Instantly a terrifying figure beneath it and stares at him with a frightening glare. JA back, stunned. It is a moment before he realizes that he an old WINO who has been sleeping in the truck. The man's covered in strange bumps.
12) 1) dialog: Goddamn it! What the hell ... ?
12) 4) dialog: (lifting the man up)
12) 7) dialog: Come on. You can't stay here.
12) 9) dialog: New York! He climbs into his seat and glances into his rear view mi notices the WINO edging fearfully along the side of a bui honks and traffic begins moving. When JACOB looks back th longer there.
13) 0) text: JACOB drives his mail truck into the huge POST OFFICE PAR 34th Street. His mind seems distracted. He has difficulty
14) 0) text: We see a vast room filled with hundreds of PEOPLE sorting mail. JACOB, carrying a bag of McDonald's hamburgers, walks sti the aisles, his left hand rubbing his back. Several worke and grab for his french fries. He offers them around. ANGLE ON a conveyor belt sorting mail. A hand reaches in, mistakes. Suddenly a hamburger passes by. JEZZIE looks up
14) 2) dialog: How's it going? She takes the hamburger and shrugs.
14) 3) dialog: (continuing)
14) 6) dialog: I don't know. One of these days, I'm gonna see Louis. My back's killing me.
14) 10) dialog: I'll be glad to avoid the crush.
14) 12) dialog: Gently. My back. JEZZIE ignores him and squeezes again.
15) 0) text: CUT ON A SCREAM to JACOB in a CHIROPRACTOR'S OFFICE. He i long leather padded device that looks like an instrument LOUIS, the Chiropractor, is a giant of a man, 280 pounds. adjusting JACOB's spine.
15) 2) dialog: How do you know?
15) 4) dialog: What can I tell you?
15) 6) dialog: Her knee acting up?
15) 8) dialog: What did she have to say?
15) 10) text: How about the other "right?" (JACOB turns back)
15) 12) dialog: I was absent the day they taught that in school. What did she say?
15) 14) dialog: Sarah.
15) 18) dialog: She talk about the boys?
15) 20) dialog: She told you that? (he shakes his head)
15) 23) dialog: I thought you said she didn't say much.
15) 25) dialog: Loves me!? She hasn't said a kind word about me in years!
15) 27) dialog: She hates me, Louis.
15) 29) dialog: What? She threw me out, remember. She wanted some professor to carry her far away from Brooklyn. Only we didn't make it. She can't forgive me that she still lives in the same house she grew up in.
15) 31) dialog: What can I tell you, Louis? After Nam I didn't want to think anymore. I decided my brain was too small an organ to comprehend this chaos.
15) 34) dialog: I can't relax.
16) 3) dialog: God almighty. What did you do to me?
16) 5) dialog: I had this weird flash just then.
16) 7) dialog: I don't know. I've been having them recently. (he thinks a moment, then changes the subject)
16) 10) dialog: Louis, you're a life saver.
17) 0) text: JACOB is walking down Nostrand Avenue. He is singing to h imitating Al Jolson.
17) 1) dialog: When there are gray skies, I don't mind the gray skies, as long as there's you ... He hums. It is near dusk and lights are just coming on. T windows have a particularly garish look about them. The m dressed in inexpensive, almost tawdry, clothes and have a appearance. A few shops have set up their Christmas decor The ornamentation seems strangely out of place; almost bl JACOB passes a street gang standing in the doorway of a l store. They chortle and make taunting sounds.
17) 3) text: "Hey, Mr. Postman ... " JACOB stops and stares at them. To their surprise, he beg with them. He knows the words. They like that. It is a sw JACOB continues walking. He comes to a cross street. The green. He is still singing to himself and does not notice sharging around the corner. The car is moving at full spe straight toward him. A YOUNG MAN walking a few steps behi
18) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are lying in bed. They are a sensual cou in quiet, reflective moments such as this, their position and stimulating. Both of them are nude. JACOB's hands are behind his neck and he is staring mournfully at the ceili lying on her side, her left leg draped across JACOB's pel is propped up on her right arm while her left hand stroke scar on JACOB's stomach. Neither are talking. Suddenly, o blue, JEZZIE speaks.
18) 2) dialog: Why do you bring her up?
18) 4) dialog: When was the last time I said a word?
18) 7) text: Or maybe it's the war. JACOB closes his eyes.
18) 11) dialog: (annoyed)
18) 14) dialog: They're like demons, Jez.
18) 17) dialog: Those guys tried to kill me tonight. They were aiming right at me.
18) 19) dialog: They weren't human!
19) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are sitting at the breakfast table. JEZZ the National Enquirer and chewing at her lip. Suddenly a forms and falls onto the formica table top. Staring at it she wipes it with her finger and then licks it with her t JACOB is nursing a cup of coffee and staring out the wind housing project across the way. The toaster pops. JEZZIE gets up, butters her toast, and returns to her paper.
20) 0) text: JACOB is in the "Mental Health Clinic" at BELLVUE HOSPITA through the PSYCHIATRIC EMERGENCY ROOM. It is overflowing Some are handcuffed to their chairs. POLICEMEN are with t approaches the main RECEPTION DESK. He speaks nervously.
20) 1) dialog: I'd like to speak to Dr. Carlson, please.
20) 3) dialog: New? He's been here for years. She shrugs and looks at a log book.
20) 5) dialog: (shaking his head)
20) 8) dialog: Damn it. I was in the veteran's out- patient program. He knows me.
20) 11) dialog: Jacob Singer. She walks over to a file drawer and goes through it sever before coming back over to JACOB.
20) 13) dialog: Whataya mean, no record?
20) 15) dialog: That's ridiculous. I've been coming here for years. Listen to me. I'm going out of my fucking mind here. I need to see him.
20) 17) dialog: Goddamn it! I don't want a social worker. Carlson knows me. JACOB pounds the desk, rattling a tiny African violet and RECEPTIONIST's forms to the floor. She grunts angrily and retrieve them. Standing up her cap hits a drawer handle a TWO KNUCKLE-LIKE HORNS protrude from her skull where the JACOB's eyes lock on them like radar. He backs away. She replaces her cap and breaks the spell, but her eyes glare demonic intensity. JACOB, freaked, angry, turns and runs Patient" door.
21) 0) text: JACOB dashes out of view. He runs down another corridor, searching for a specific room. He finds it and rushes ins surprised to find A GROUP OF MEN AND WOMEN seated in a ci look up at him.
21) 2) dialog: I'm looking for Dr. Carlson. Isn't this his office? The LEADER stares at him uncomfortably. After a moment he takes JACOB into a corner of the room. Everyone is watchi LEADER speaks quietly.
21) 4) dialog: (stunned)
21) 7) dialog: Jesus, Jesus! ... When?
21) 9) dialog: How did it happen?
21) 11) dialog: (growing pale)
21) 12) text: Blew up? What do you mean it blew up? The LEADER shrugs and tries to put his arm around JACOB, away.
21) 14) dialog: No. No. It's okay. I'm okay. He backs quickly to the door. As he turns to leave he rea of the PEOPLE in the group are watching him intently. Unsettled, JACOB hurries back into the hallway. He is fri confused. Suddenly a voice calls out.
21) 20) text: Come on, get out of here. I wouldn't want to interfere with the U.S. Mail. He leads JACOB toward the lobby. JACOB does not look back
22) 4) dialog: No, thanks.
22) 7) dialog: I could have told you that.
22) 11) dialog: (examining it)
22) 14) dialog: (laughing)
22) 17) dialog: (smiling)
22) 23) dialog: Shit! He stoops down blindly to pick them up. Shoes just miss h he digs between dancing legs trying to recover them. Mira grabs the spectacles just before they are crushed and sli on. Instantly his world comes back into focus. As he stands, JACOB is surprised to find JEZZIE facing hi wild abandon. There is a huge, satisfied smile on her fac his hand as if encouraging him to dance but it is obvious dancing to her own rhythm. JACOB stares at her, confused. a moment to realize that her smile is not for him. Standing behind JEZZIE is another DANCER, his hands aroun They are moving together, locked in erotic embrace. It ap is mounting her from behind. Looking down we see that the are deformed. They have a bizarre clubbed appearance and like hooves. They skid and careen amidst the dancing feet Something horrible and winglike flaps behind JEZZIE's bac make out what it is, but it elicits a primal terror. Befo react, JEZZIE opens her mouth. With a roaring sound, a sp erupts from her throat. It juts menacingly from between h thrusts into the air. A CIRCLE OF DANCERS scream out in e approval. CUT TO JACOB's face as it registers terror and disbelief. the DANCERS who are crowding around him. They have become corrupt aspects of their normal selves. JACOB grabs his eyes as though trying to pull the vision but it won't go away. The music throbs. His actions becom almost delirious. JACOB is out of control. His frenzy becomes a kind of exo desperate attempt to free himself from his body and his m IN ON HIM as his eyes pass beyond pain. The dark walls of fade away.
23) 5) dialog: Help me! His eyes focus on the moon. Rings of light emenate from i sky with their sparkling brilliance. The rings draw us fo quickening intensity that grows into exhilarating speed. causes them to flash stroboscopically and produces a dazz sensual, surge of color. The display is spectacular and c Music can be heard in the distance, growing hard and insi heart beat. Heavy breathing accompanies the sound. The st flashes are replaced by intense flashes of red and blue l music grows louder and reaches a thundering crescendo. Th
24) 0) text: The APARTMENT reappears in all its normalcy. The neon sig flashing outside the window. DANCERS are smiling and swea Cheers and applause ring out for JACOB and JEZZIE but JAC hears them. JEZZIE hugs him tightly. PEOPLE smack him on
24) 5) dialog: I wanna leave. Get me out of here.
24) 7) dialog: (pulling JEZZIE close to him, his voice filled with paranoia)
24) 11) dialog: Where?
24) 13) dialog: Where's Della? Bring her here?
24) 15) dialog: Show me Della!
24) 17) text: Hey, I'm here. JACOB eyes her with a pleading look. Annoyed, JEZZIE leav crosses the room. He watches her as she goes. JACOB is ho stomach and rocking painfully. Moments later JEZZIE retur
24) 19) dialog: (staring at her closely)
24) 23) dialog: I see.
24) 25) dialog: Just to see you. That's all.
24) 28) dialog: Like Della. Suddenly JACOB breaks out in a dense sweat and begins sha entire body is convulsive.
24) 35) dialog: If I could stop it, I'd stop it.
24) 39) dialog: Stay away from me! Don't you come near me! All of you. Go to hell! Go to hell, goddamn you! Stay away! JEZZIE stares at JACOB with a confused and embarrassed lo whispers to her.
25) 0) text: JACOB is lying in bed in his own BEDROOM with a thermomet mouth. JEZZIE is pacing the floor with great agitation.
25) 6) dialog: What's it say? A hundred and two?
25) 8) dialog: What does it say?
25) 10) dialog: How high is that?
25) 12) dialog: What the hell are you doin'?
25) 14) dialog: What are you talking about? I'm freezing.
25) 16) dialog: What'd the doctor say?
25) 19) dialog: Coming here?
25) 21) dialog: You're out of your mind. I'm not getting in there. I'd rather die.
25) 23) dialog: Look at me. I'm ice cold.
25) 25) dialog: Oh Jesus! He sticks his whole foot in and grits his teeth as the ic turns his foot bright red. He keeps it in as long as he c yanks it out, quickly wrapping it in a towel. JACOB rubs vigorously to get rid of the sting and stares at the wate its pain.
27) 0) text: As JEZZIE enters the BATHROOM, JACOB is sitting on the ri with the water up to his calves, shivering vigorously.
27) 1) dialog: I can't do it.
27) 3) dialog: Don't gimme that.
27) 5) dialog: (pleading)
27) 9) dialog: Hey, I'm not dressed.
27) 11) dialog: Get the hell off me.
27) 14) dialog: Let go of me, you sons of bitches. The TWO MEN struggle with JACOB and force him into the wa winces when the water hits his arm. JACOB nearly flies ou The TWO MEN fight to hold him down. JACOB screams and cri to let him go but they keep him flat on his back.
27) 15) dialog: (continuing)
27) 21) dialog: Help me! Help me!
27) 35) dialog: Oh God! You're killing me! Stop!
28) 0) text: CUT TO JACOB lying in a BEDROOM we have not seen before. and turning in his bed as though struggling to get out. S sits up and looks over at the window. It is open and the flapping. Cold air is blowing in and he is shivering.
28) 1) dialog: Damn! You and your fresh air. He jumps out of bed and goes over to the window. He pushe and it comes flying down with a loud bang. A woman in the It is SARAH.
28) 3) dialog: It's freezing.
28) 5) dialog: Of course not. You have all the blankets. It must be ten degrees in here. I'm telling you, Sarah, if you want to sleep with fresh air, you sleep on the fire escape. From now on that window is closed.
28) 7) dialog: This is healthy? I'll probably die of pneumonia tomorrow and this is healthy. He settles back into bed and pulls the covers back over t lies quietly for a moment, thinking.
28) 8) dialog: (continuing)
28) 11) dialog: Jezebel, from the post office. You remember, you met her that time at the Christmas party. I was living with her. God, it was a nightmare. There were all these demons and I was on fire. Only I was burning from ice.
28) 13) dialog: She was good in bed, though.
28) 15) dialog: She had these real beefy thighs. Delicious.
28) 18) dialog: (surprised to see him)
28) 22) dialog: It was the window.
28) 24) dialog: Tell your mother.
28) 29) text: Oh ... all right. She starts to rise. JACOB stops her and gets up instead. upside down and carries him into his
28) 32) dialog: Jed. It's the middle of the night. (he kisses GABE and goes over to JED in the lower bunk)
28) 35) dialog: Your allowance? It's five A.M. We'll talk at breakfast.
28) 38) dialog: What is this, a convention? I love you, too, Pickles. Now go back to sleep. He turns to leave.
28) 40) dialog: Now what?
28) 42) dialog: Don't go? (he smiles)
28) 47) text: Don't shut the door. JACOB nods and leaves it a tiny bit ajar.
28) 49) text: A bit more ... a bit more. JACOB adjusts the opening enough to please GABE and make GABE smiles and cuddles in his bed.
29) 0) text: JACOB settles back into bed. SARAH turns over and gets co JACOB lies on his back facing the ceiling. He pulls the b his neck. He is overcome with feelings of sadness and lon
29) 1) dialog: I love you, Sarah. She smiles warmly. His eyes close and in a matter of seco asleep.
31) 0) text: JACOB's DOCTOR reaches down to help him out of the tub. S JEZZIE and MRS. CARMICHAEL are standing there too. JACOB in total confusion.
32) 0) text: FADE IN sounds of feet shuffling across the carpet. A gla a tray. A television is on low in the background. Slowly LENS opens from JACOB's P.O.V. and we see JEZZIE putterin BEDROOM. Suddenly she is aware that JACOB is watching her
32) 3) dialog: Am I home?
32) 6) dialog: Are we in Brooklyn?
32) 9) text: Now you just lie here. Mrs. Sandelman made you some chicken soup. It'll warm you up. JEZZIE leaves the room. JACOB watches her as she goes. He and confused.
33) 0) text: JACOB, unshaven, wearing his bathrobe, is sitting at the PILES OF BOOKS on demonology are spread out before him. H to distraction. JEZZIE is standing by the counter making She wraps them in plastic Baggies and puts one in a lunch in the refrigerator. She is dressed in her postal uniform
33) 4) dialog: What? JEZZIE just stares at him. She does not respond. JACOB re books. CUT TO CLOSE UP IMAGES OF WINGED DEMONS, real demons, wit horns and long tails. JACOB's huge finger, magnified, sca page of ancient images and archaic text. JEZZIE, enraged attention, returns to packing her lunch box. Suddenly she
33) 8) text: I'm sorry I yelled, but you get on my nerves. (she bends down and makes eye contact with JACOB)
33) 9) text: Hello? Listen, I gotta go. JEZZIE sits on his lap, gives him a big kiss, and then, u raises two fingers, like horns, over her head. The gestur JACOB's full attention.
33) 13) dialog: (speaking with affection)
33) 16) dialog: Hello.
33) 18) dialog: Speaking.
33) 20) dialog: Paul Gruneger! Well I'll be goddamned! JACOB indicates it's for him. JEZZIE throws him a kiss go hurries out the door.
33) 21) dialog: (continuing)
33) 24) dialog: Jesus Christ. How've you been? What's happening in your life?
33) 26) dialog: Me neither. Nothing too exciting. So tell me, to what do I owe the honor?
33) 28) dialog: Shit, Paul. I'd love to see you. But I'm kind of laid up here. I've been sick.
34) 0) text: JACOB and PAUL are driving through EAST NEW YORK heading WILLIAMSBURG. The elevated trains rumble above them. JACO the back.
34) 1) dialog: Jesus, man, you look terrific. You must have put on twenty pounds.
34) 3) dialog: You're lucky. How many vets you know are even employed?
34) 5) dialog: It's almost like a conspiracy, huh?
34) 7) dialog: It's not worth it. You'll never win.
34) 11) dialog: Nope.
34) 13) dialog: Why the hell we drivin' here?
34) 15) dialog: You can't talk in Brownsville?
34) 17) dialog: What's wrong?
34) 20) dialog: (turning to look)
34) 24) dialog: What's goin' on Paul?
34) 26) dialog: You in trouble?
35) 0) text: JACOB and PAUL are sitting in a dark booth in an obscure BAR. It is nearly empty. PAUL is leaning across the table intimate fashion.
35) 3) text: I'm going to Hell! JACOB's face grows suddenly tense.
35) 6) dialog: (frightened, but holding back)
35) 11) dialog: Who, Paul? What exactly ... ?
35) 13) dialog: Why not?
35) 16) text: I can't stop it. I try. Oh God! Help me Jake. JACOB slides quickly out of his side of the booth and mov PAUL. He puts his arm around him and holds him tightly, o comfort as best he can. PAUL is obviously terrified and grateful for JACOB's gest PEOPLE at the bar look over in their direction.
35) 17) dialog: It's okay, Paul. It's okay.
35) 20) dialog: Don't do anything. (PAUL begins to relax a bit and the shaking subsides)
35) 23) dialog: I've seen them too ... the demons!
35) 26) dialog: Everywhere, like a plague.
35) 28) dialog: Me, too. I had no idea. It's like I was coming apart at the seams.
35) 30) dialog: What is it Paul? What's happening to me?
35) 33) dialog: (stunned)
35) 36) dialog: I don't know. I don't know.
36) 0) text: PAUL and JACOB are in the MEN'S ROOM. PAUL flushes the ur
36) 2) dialog: You come home with me.
36) 4) dialog: Are you kidding? We've put up more of her cousins. You wouldn't believe how they breed down there. PAUL smiles.
37) 2) dialog: Goddamn, this is my lucky day. He bends down to pick it up. PAUL inserts the key into th steps on the gas. He turns the key. THE CAR EXPLODES. Pieces of metal and flesh fly into the sprawls out flat on the ground as the debris hurls above his head.
38) 0) text: CUT TO A HELICOPTER suffering an air bombardment. Flack i all around it and the shock waves are rocking the craft v JACOB's eyes peer to the left. INFANTRY GUNNERS are firing rockets into the JUNGLE below MEDICS are huddled over him. A sudden gush of arterial bl stream of blood splattering over the inside of the windsh PILOT, unable to see, clears it away with his hands. JACOB screams over the roar of the chopper. One of the ME his ear close to JACOB to hear.
38) 1) dialog: Help me!
38) 3) dialog: Get me out of here!
39) 0) text: THE YOUNG MAN from the bar grabs JACOB under the arms and down the sidewalk.
39) 2) dialog: Where am I? Who are you? The YOUNG MAN yanks JACOB around the corner just as anoth consumes the car. The air is filled with flames and flyin YOUNG MAN pulls JACOB into the bar.
41) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are driving in an old Chevy Nova. They a JACOB's face is bruised and he has a gauze pad over his e in silence. JACOB appears very sad. Slowly his right hand across the seat, seeking JEZZIE's. Their fingers embrace.
42) 0) text: The FUNERAL PROCESSION enters the CEMETERY. Cars park alo of the narrow road. MEN IN DARK SUITS emerge from their c WIVES and GIRLFRIENDS. They are the SOLDIERS we have seen at the opening of the they are older now. A small group of FAMILY MEMBERS are h graveside. JACOB joins the other VETERANS as pallbearers. They carry semi-military formation to the grave.
43) 0) text: JACOB'S OLD ARMY BUDDIES are sitting together in Paul's l talking. PAUL'S WIFE can be seen in the BEDROOM. Several comforting her. JEZZIE is talking to a small group of LADIES in the DININ nibbling off a tray of cold cuts. PAUL'S SISTER is with h seem to be having a lively, almost intimate, conversation JACOB and his BUDDIES are drinking beer. They all have a defeated look about them.
43) 12) dialog: He was upset. He thought people were following him.
43) 14) dialog: He didn't know ... Demons.
43) 17) dialog: He told me he was going to Hell. The statement has a surprising impact on the group. There silence and eyes averted from one another.
43) 20) dialog: He was scared. He saw these creatures coming out of the woodwork. They were tryin' to get him, he said.
43) 23) dialog: A couple of weeks, I think. He notices GEORGE's beer can rattling.
43) 25) dialog: No. Not really ...
44) 13) dialog: ... I've seen them, too.
44) 16) dialog: Look, there's something fucking strange going on here. You know Paul's not the only one who's died. You remember Dr. Carlson over at Bellevue? His car blew up, too.
44) 18) dialog: An explosion, just like Paul's.
44) 22) dialog: (he nods)
44) 25) dialog: Okay, not you Rod. But the rest of us are flipping out for some goddamn reason. They're tryin' to kill us. Fuck it man, we need to find out what's going on.
44) 27) dialog: It's got something to do with some- thing. I think we've got to confront the army. If they're hiding shit from us, we better find out what it is.
44) 29) dialog: Maybe that's the only way to get through. Besides, six heads'll be better than one.
44) 31) dialog: We should get ourselves a lawyer.
45) 0) text: JACOB, FRANK, JERRY, GEORGE, DOUG, and ROD are sitting on in the LAW OFFICE of DONALD GEARY. GEARY, a red-faced man chins, is sucking on an ice cube. He looks at each of the spits the ice cube into an empty glass. It clinks.
45) 2) dialog: This isn't injustice, Mr. Geary. The army did something to us and we've got to find out what.
45) 4) dialog: Exactly. And we need someone to cut through it. We hear you're the man.
45) 12) dialog: Doctor. (GEARY looks at him oddly)
45) 15) dialog: I am.
45) 18) dialog: I'm too messed up to teach.
46) 0) text: JACOB and the others exit the OFFICE BUILDING. They are j clasping hands and smacking each other on the back. We wa break up. JACOB heads for the subway. FRANK and another g cab. As the cab pulls away we notice that a black car pul it. It follows them out of sight.
47) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are making wild and unadulterated love o floor. The wastebasket flips over. JACOB's hand splashes bowl. Nothing impedes their passion. JEZZIE laughs, holle swoons. Hands grab hold of table legs. Chairs topple. Fee against the stove. It is all mayhem and ecstacy. And then JACOB's face is ecstatic. He can barely talk and simply b JEZZIE's glow. She looks especially lovely and radiant. T exhausted and exhilarated on the linoleum floor.
47) 2) dialog: (smiling broadly)
47) 3) text: With wings. You transport me, you know that? You carry me away. JEZZIE kisses him softly around his face and gently probe her pinky. JACOB loves it.
47) 6) dialog: I love you, Jez.
47) 8) dialog: Underneath all the bullshit, just love.
47) 10) dialog: You know what? I feel ... exorcised ... like the demons are gone.
47) 12) dialog: In a way. At least now I have some idea of what was happening. If we can only get them to admit ... to explain what they did ... I don't know. Maybe it'd clear things up in my head. I'll tell you something, Jez, honestly ... I thought they were real. Silence. Suddenly JEZZIE roars like a monster and scares death. They laugh and tumble back to the floor.
48) 0) text: JACOB emerges from the bathroom shower and pulls on a rob moving rapidly around the KITCHEN.
48) 2) dialog: He did? When?
48) 5) dialog: Why didn't you call me?
48) 8) dialog: (stunned)
48) 11) dialog: What's he talking about?
48) 13) dialog: I don't believe this.
48) 18) dialog: Frank. It's Jake. Jacob SInger. We see FRANK standing at a window fingering the Venetian does not reply. The scene intercuts between the two men.
48) 19) dialog: (continuing)
48) 23) dialog: What does that mean, Frank? I don't get it. Why?
48) 25) dialog: (angry)
48) 28) dialog: Things happen? What the fuck are you talking about? They did something to us, Frank. We have to expose this.
48) 30) dialog: Jesus Christ! Who's been talking to you? (silence)
48) 34) dialog: Shit! You know it's not half the case if I go it alone. We're all suffering the same symptoms, Frank. The army is to blame. They've done something to us. How can you not want to know?
48) 37) dialog: What do you mean?
48) 39) dialog: What are you talking about?
48) 41) dialog: Goddamn it. What kind of bullshit is that?
48) 43) dialog: What the hell? What kind of mumbo jumbo ... ?
48) 45) dialog: Hey, wait!
48) 47) dialog: Shit! INT.  JACOB'S APT. JACOB hurries into the BEDROOM and pulls an old shoe box closet. The box is filled with yellowing army papers, dog photos of old comrades. Beneath his discharge papers he f scribbled with the names and addresses of platoon buddies it. Then his eyes fall on the frayed remains of an old le it up and unfolds it with great care. The letter is writt child's handwriting. "DEAR DADDY, I LOVE YOU. PLEASE COME A FROG. ELI LOST MY KEY. MOM WANTS YOU TO SEND HER MONEY.
49) 0) text: GABE, on a BICYCLE, is rushing down the sidewalk. JACOB i alongside him, holding onto the seat. Plastic streamers t handlebars. GABE is a bit wobbly, but determined. After a false starts, JACOB lets go and GABE is riding by himself instant, GABE looks back at his father with a huge grin o JACOB is grinning, too. THE CAMERA HOLDS ON GABE as he pu us and heads into the distance.
50) 0) text: JACOB swallows hard as he stands there, holding the lette his eyes lift off the page and glance at a full length mi on the bedroom door. Something in the mirror, like the im child, seems to move. He looks over. There is nothing the JACOB walks toward the mirror. As his image appears, he g moving. To his horror and ours, it is his own back that i the mirror. The impossibility of the moment startles him. hand. The reflection moves with him. Frightened but defia moves toward the mirror. The image in the mirror spins ar the  FRIGHTENING VIBRATING FACE he saw at the party with unearthly scream comes from both their mouths.
50) 1) dialog: 
51) 0) text: A huge wooden door slams open. JACOB charges through it. He is chasing his lawyer, DONALD GEARY, through a crowded corridor. GEARY, sweaty and unshaven, is cradling a Coke sandwich and a briefcase in the other. His stomach bounce walks.
51) 1) dialog: Geary! Mr. Geary! Listen, goddamn it! You can't just walk away from this. GEARY keeps walking. JACOB catches up to him.
51) 2) dialog: (continuing)
51) 6) text: Take your hands off me! JACOB lets go. He stares into GEARY's eyes.
51) 7) dialog: Listen, will you listen? They're trying to get me. They're comin' out of the walls. The army's done something to me. I need you.
51) 9) dialog: A doctor? And what's he gonna do, tell me I'm crazy? They've fucked with my head. I've got to prove it. You've got to do something. GEARY gives JACOB a pitiful look.
51) 12) dialog: Something's going on here. You're not telling me something. What the hell's gotten into you?
51) 14) dialog: Used you?
51) 16) dialog: What the hell is that supposed to mean?
51) 18) dialog: (stunned)
51) 21) dialog: You slimy bastard! You goddamn piece of shit! With a powerful thrust, JACOB rips the sandwich from GEAR hand. Tossing it on the floor, he grinds his heel in it. mayonnaise squirt onto GEARY's shoe. JACOB turns away. CUT TO JACOB walking down the COURT HOUSE CORRIDOR to the There is a look of satisfaction on his face. CUT BACK TO GEARY. He picks up a telephone and dials. Som the line. GEARY speaks quietly.
52) 0) text: JACOB is hustled to a waiting car and shoved inside, in b officious looking MEN. The doors lock from the DRIVER's c
52) 2) dialog: Who are you? What do you want?
53) 0) text: JACOB grabs his back. He is in excruciating pain. He trie but can't move. He reaches out to people passing by, but him and hurry past. A SALVATION ARMY SANTA has been watching the entire scene moment's consideration he leaves his post and ambles over leans down and steals his wallet.
55) 0) text: AN AMBULANCE CREW rushes JACOB to a HOSPITAL EMERGENCY RO
55) 4) dialog: My back. I can't move. I need my chiropractor.
55) 9) dialog: They stole it.
55) 11) dialog: I don't know. Santa Claus. I had my son's picture in it. Gabe's picture. It's the only one I had.
55) 14) dialog: Call my chiropractor.
55) 16) dialog: Louis Schwartz. Nostrand Avenue.
55) 18) dialog: No. Don't move me. The RESIDENT ignores him. JACOB screams.
55) 20) dialog: Goddamn it. I want Louis.
56) 0) text: JACOB begins a journey down what appears to be an endless corridors. The wheels of the gurney turn with a hypnotic The smooth tile floor gives way to roguh cement. The ORDE plod through pools of blood that coagulate in cracks and the way. The surface grows rougher, the wheels more insis parts and human bile splash against the walls as the gurn faster.
56) 1) dialog: Where are you taking me? Where am I?
57) 0) text: JACOB is wheeled into a tiny ROOM. A numer of "DOCTORS" a they draw closer JACOB notices that something about them They bear a subtle resemblance to Bosch-like DEMONS, crea another world. JACOB tries to sit up but winces in pain. move. He tries to scream but no sound comes out. Chains and pulleys hang from the ceiling. They are lowere with speed and efficiency to JACOB's arms and legs. He sc
57) 1) dialog: Oh God! The "DOCTORS" laugh. There is the sound of a huge door cl is left in semi-darkness. Suddenly a new group of "DOCTOR from the shadows. They are carrying sharp surgical instru surround JACOB, their eyes glistening as bright as their is panting and sweating in fear. One of the "DOCTORS" lea He gasps with horror. It is JEZZIE.
57) 2) dialog: 
57) 4) dialog: (continuing)
57) 7) dialog: Take me home.
57) 10) dialog: Dead? No. I just hurt my back. I'm not dead.
57) 12) dialog: I'm alive.
57) 14) dialog: I don't know. I don't know. (he struggles like an animal)
57) 17) dialog: Let me out of here!
58) 0) text: CUT RAPIDLY TO VIETNAM and a replay of flashes of the ope of the film. SOLDIERS with bayonets are charging over ric the dark of the night. ONE OF THE SOLDIERS charges at JAC bayonet blade and jams it into his intestines. JACOB crie
59) 3) dialog: No! That was years ago! I've lived years since then.
59) 5) dialog: No! The army did this to me! They've done something to my brain. (he raves like a madman)
60) 0) text: Suddenly a fluorescent light flashes overhead. NORMAL HOS materialize instantaneously around him. A NURSE enters th followed by SARAH, ELI, and JED. They approach JACOB who traction, suspended over a hospital bed.
60) 8) dialog: (his voice hoarse, nearly whispering)
60) 15) text: That's not funny. (she reaches over and rubs JACOB's brow)
60) 16) text: What a mess, huh? God I wish there was something I could do. I love you, Jacob. For whatever that's worth. I do. There is a sudden sound of "DOCTORS" laughing. JACOB jerk painfully, but does not see them.
60) 18) dialog: (yelling at the unseen voice)
60) 21) dialog: Save me! JACOB's plea confuses SARAH. She responds with a kiss.
61) 0) text: DAYLIGHT streams through the window in JACOB's ROOM. He i traction and looks very uncomfortable. A new NURSE enters plastic container with a straw poking out.
61) 2) dialog: Where am I?
61) 4) dialog: I'm awake?
61) 7) dialog: (staring at her intently)
61) 11) dialog: That's a lie. My family was here.
61) 13) dialog: Last night! They were as real as you are! The NURSE smiles and nods in appeasement.
61) 14) dialog: This is not a dream! This is my life.
62) 0) text: There is a loud commotion in the HALL. We see LOUIS SCHWA chiropractor, screaming JACOB's name.
62) 2) dialog: Louis! I'm here! In here!
63) 0) text: LOUIS storms through JACOB's door followed by several NUR ORDERLIES.
63) 1) dialog: 
63) 6) text: What is this, the Middle Ages? And they call this modern medicine. This is barbaric! Barbaric! (turning to JACOB)
63) 8) text: What is this, the Inquisition? Why don't you just burn him at the stake and put him out of his misery? LOUIS charges over to the traction equipment and begins w pulleys that suspend JACOB over the bed. The NURSES and O become instantly hysterical and start screaming.
63) 15) text: You take one step and I'll wrap this around your neck. LOUIS lowers JACOB into a wheelchair while holding the ot
64) 0) text: LOUIS helps JACOB over to an adjusting table in a room th with the hospital, is comfortable and serene. He pushes a table rises to a vertical position. JACOB leans against i down to a horizontal position. Every moment is agony for
64) 3) dialog: (nearly whispering)
64) 8) dialog: I was in Hell. I've been there. It's horrible. I don't want to die, Louis.
64) 10) dialog: I've seen it. It's all pain.
64) 12) text: You ever read Meister Eckart? (JACOB shakes his head "no")
64) 13) text: How did you ever get your Doctorate without reading Eckart? (LOUIS takes hold of JACOB's legs and yanks them swiftly)
64) 14) text: Good. Okay, let's turn over gently. Right side. JACOB turns to his left. LOUIS shakes his head in dismay.
64) 16) text: You're a regular basket case, you know that? (he moves JACOB's arm over his head)
64) 17) text: Eckart saw Hell, too. LOUIS positions JACOB's other arm, bends his legs, and th on his thigh. His spine moves with a cracking sound. JACO
64) 19) text: You know what he said? The only thing that burns in Hell is the part of you that won't let go of your life; your memories, your attachments. They burn 'em all away. But they're not punish- ing you, he said. They're freeing your soul. Okay, other side. He helps JACOB and repositions him. Again he pushes and t cracks.
64) 21) text: Wonderful. So the way he sees it, if you're frightened of dying and hold- ing on, you'll see devils tearing your life away. But if you've made your peace then the devils are really angels freeing you from the earth. It's just a matter of how you look at it, that's all. So don't worry, okay? Relax. Wiggle your toes. JACOB's toes dance as LOUIS gives him a quick, unexpected lower vertebrae in his back.
64) 25) dialog: What? By myself?
64) 29) dialog: There's something I've gotta take care of, Louis.
64) 31) dialog: I'm walking, aren't I?
64) 33) dialog: Not tonight, Louis. No more rest. He walks slowly out the door. LOUIS starts to go after hi around and shakes his head "no." The look on his face is defiant. LOUIS stands back and lets him go.
64) 34) dialog: I love you, Louis.
65) 0) text: CUT TO A SDIREN BLARING and a fire engine racing through lower MANHATTAN. A CROWD is forming. Banks of lights and cameras amass in the cold night air. Police cars and mobi to the scene. CUT TO JACOB. In one hand he is holding a brightly lit to other he is holding a container of gasoline and pouring i of the U.S. ARMY RECRUITING HEADQUARTERS. The volatile li against his pants and shoes and runs down the pavement. A container lies emptying nearby. Gasoline belches from it and pours onto the street. Bystanders back away as the ga toward them. Television cameras and microphones are pointing in JACOB' but at a safe distance. He is yelling at them, his teeth from the cold.
65) 1) dialog: Listen to me. There were four companies in our batallion. Five hundred men. Seven of us were left when it was over. Seven! Four companies engaged in an enemy offensive that not one of us who survived can remember fighting.
65) 4) dialog: (shouting)
65) 8) dialog: For what? For seeking the truth?
65) 10) dialog: You come near me and I'll blow us all up.
65) 13) dialog: The army will deny it. They've falsified my records. They've lied to my lawyer, threatened my buddies. But they can't threaten me.
65) 17) dialog: What the fuck do you think you're doing? Another match hurls toward him and dies in mid-air. PEOPL fringe of the crowd begin to run. JACOB does not move.
65) 19) dialog: What is wrong with you? We hear laughter from PEOPLE in the crowd. As JACOB looks of their eyes he sees demons looking back. One of them th match. Crazed, JACOB runs toward them. PEOPLE jump back. Suddenly JACOB freezes. Standing on the sidelines, he see ARMY OFFICIALS who trapped him in the car. He is reaching JACOB, stunned, yells at the top of hhis lungs.
65) 20) dialog: 
66) 0) text: JACOB, stark naked and covered with goose bumps, runs his shower spray. The water is freezing and taking forever to Anxious, he dashes past his gasoline drenched clothes, gr from the BEDROOM closet, and stuffs it with clothes. Then back to the shower, tests it, and jumps in. Lather covers JACOB's hair and hangs over his tightly clo entire body is covered in suds. He is washing as quickly Suddenly he hears a noise as someone enters the BATHROOM.
66) 1) dialog: Who's there? Who is it? JACOB struggles to rinse the soap from his eyes. They are There is a shadow behind the curtain.
66) 2) dialog: (continuing)
66) 3) text: Goddamn it! Who's there? JACOB rubs his eyes, fighting to see. Suddenly the shower thrown back. JACOB backs against the wall. A hand reaches his nipple, pinching hard.
66) 5) dialog: Jezzie?
66) 7) dialog: Let go!
66) 9) dialog: Stay away from me, Jez.
66) 11) dialog: You wanna know? Turn on the T.V. Watch the fucking news! He pushes her away and jumps out of the shower. CUT TO JACOB dressing and piling the last of his clothes suitcase. JEZZIE, in a robe, is watching him.
66) 13) dialog: I can do anything I want. She stares at him with confusion. THE PHONE RINGS.
66) 14) dialog: Don't!
66) 16) dialog: I'm not here. You haven't seen me.
66) 18) text: Hello ... No. He's not here. I haven't seen him all night ... I don't know when ... What? Tell him what? (JACOB looks up)
66) 19) text: Vietnam? ... What experiments? JACOB lunges for the phone.
66) 20) dialog: Hello. This is Jacob Singer. (he listens with growing fascination)
66) 22) text: How will I know you. (JACOB seems uncomfortable)
66) 25) dialog: A chemist. Part of a chemical warfare unit out of Saigon. He said he knows me and that I'll know him when I see him.
66) 27) dialog: I have no idea. (he thinks)
66) 31) dialog: Alleged? Alleged?
67) 0) text: JACOB gazes at JEZZIE for a moment and then hurries down stops at the stairwell and looks back. JEZZIE is still st She is very angry. JACOB just stares at her for a moment disappears down the stairwell.
68) 0) text: JACOB is standing near the WESTSIDE HIGHWAY. GROUPS OF ME leather jackets are crusing the area and look at JACOB wi One MAN in particular cruises by several times and then a
68) 4) dialog: I don't get it. Who are you? Why have you been following me?
68) 10) dialog: Long time ago.
68) 12) text: Next thing I know I'm on Rikers Island. Ever been there? (JACOB shakes his head)
68) 14) dialog: Shows how much you knew.
68) 16) dialog: Yeah, sure. We were losing the war.
68) 18) dialog: The Ladder?
68) 20) text: Right to the primal fear, the base anger. I'm tellin' you, it was powerful stuff. But I don't need to tell you. You know. JACOB can barely catch his breath, the information he is so powerful to his mind.
68) 27) dialog: Like it was yesterday.
68) 30) text: Hey, want something to calm you down? Made 'em myself. JACOB shakes his head no.
68) 31) dialog: None of us can remember that night. I get flashes of it but they don't make sense. We saw shrinks for years. But nothing they did could ever touch it. What happened? Was there ever an offensive?
68) 33) dialog: But there was an attack. I can still see them coming. There was a fight, wasn't there?
68) 35) dialog: Who then? He hesitates, obviously uncomfortable. His eyes grow puff the river for a moment and then turns to JACOB.
69) 3) text: I needed to find you. The Ladder was my baby. Tears start flowing down MICHAEL's face. He wipes them wi It takes him a moment to regain his composure. JACOB is s MICHAEL takes off his jacket, drapes it over JACOB, and l the wooden planks overhanging the water. They sit and gaz JERSEY SHORE. CUT TO A WIDE SHOT OF MICHAEL AND JACOB in pre-dawn light
69) 5) dialog: If you knew, why didn't you say anything?
69) 7) dialog: So why tell me now?
70) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL enter a sleazy HOTEL near the docks, ob frequented by a gay clientele. JACOB is uncomfortable as MICHAEL, however, seems to know the ropes. They go to a s
70) 1) dialog: You come here often?
70) 3) dialog: How do I know this isn't just some kind of, you know, seduction or something?
70) 7) dialog: Never?
70) 9) dialog: What is it?
70) 11) dialog: (fearful)
70) 14) text: Stick out your tongue. (JACOB obeys as an eyedropper deposits a drop of liquid on the back of his tongue)
70) 16) dialog: One drop?
70) 18) dialog: I think I'm falling asleep.
70) 20) dialog: I can't move.
70) 22) dialog: What's happening? Help me. The ceiling begins to rumble. Cracks split wide open. Hug tear through the plaster. JACOB's world is crumbling. He horror as DEMONIC FORMS attempt to surge through the rupt Piercing eyes and sharp teeth glimmer in the darkness. Ho pointed claws clamor to break through.
70) 23) dialog: (continuing)
70) 27) text: Don't fight it. It's your own mind. It's your own fears. Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thunde war in the heavens. It is a scene of raw power and growin It builds in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling exp eyes stare into the formlessness expanding around him. Al becoming a dark liquid void. Gradually the liquid grows bluer, clearer. There is an un to the imagery, a feeling of womb-like comfort. Strange l and sparkle before us like sunlight on the ocean. JACOB i upward, toward the surface. With the delirious sound of water giving way to air, JACO through. To his amazement, he finds himself floating out- shimmering sunlit water. Above him are clouds of such won that they cannot possibly be of the earth. Pillars of gol reach down from the heavens creating a cathedral of light vision of heaven, a vast, almost mythic paradise. JACOB i A sudden movement catches his attention. He looks over an standing before him. Only MICHAEL looks different. His fa radiate an inner light, a transcendental beauty. JACOB is blinded by his presence and must shield his eyes to look
70) 30) text: It was better than you expected, huh? JACOB just stares at him for a while and then suddenly be It is a huge laugh, full of energy and life.
70) 33) dialog: I don't believe this. It's a miracle, Michael. A miracle.
71) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL are walking through the STREETS OF GREE It is early MORNING and the sidewalks are bustling with P stares into their faces and beams when they smile back. M JACOB's happiness.
72) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL walk through WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK.
72) 1) dialog: It was paradise, Michael. You showed it to me. You were there.
72) 3) dialog: Mike, it was real. It was glorious.
72) 5) dialog: I would have stayed there if I could.
73) 0) text: The TWO MEN head up to GRAMERCY PARK and stop in front of PARK HOTEL. Reaching into his wallet, MICHAEL pulls out a credit cards and hands one to JACOB.
73) 2) dialog: No. I couldn't.
73) 5) dialog: I don't know what to say.
74) 0) text: JACOB is in a lovely MOTEL ROOM overlooking GRAMERCY SQUA sprawled out happily on the bed when there is a knock at jumps up and opens it. JEZZIE is standing there. She look quizzically. He smiles and takes her in his arms, swingin room.
74) 3) dialog: I'm gonna make love to you. That's what I'm gonna do.
74) 5) dialog: Yep. Finally. I love you, Jez.
74) 7) dialog: Me neither.
74) 11) dialog: I tell you, it was so wonderful. I felt like a little boy. I saw Paradise, Jezzie.
74) 13) dialog: Who's there?
74) 16) dialog: Stick with me, kid. JEZZIE smiles.
74) 19) dialog: It's not practical, Jez. It'll be hard enough alone.
74) 21) dialog: No. Things are too hot. Later. I'll send for you.
74) 23) dialog: I promise.
74) 25) dialog: No. I'm a marked man, Jez. I'm the only one left. I don't want to expose you to that. It's not right for you or me. Be reasonable.
74) 27) dialog: I love you when you're angry.
74) 29) text: Try leavin' without me. JACOB laughs. JEZZIE doesn't. Unexpectedly she grabs JACO him onto the bed. In seconds they are all over each other clothes flying in all directions. They seem as happy as c
75) 0) text: JACOB enters GRAND CENTRAL STATION. He checks out all the him. Not a DEMON in sight. Hurrying to the TICKET WINDOW line. The TICKET SELLER looks up.
75) 1) dialog: Chicago. One way. For tomorrow.
75) 3) dialog: One.
76) 0) text: JACOB enters the MEN'S ROOM. He hurries into one of the s his pants, and sits. He eyes the graffiti on the walls an a wad of tissue stuffed into a hole between him and the n is moving. Suddenly the tissue falls to the floor. JACOB hole curiously and leans forward to examine it. He is sho eye staring back at him.
76) 1) dialog: Goddamn it! (he covers it with his hand. A pencil jabs his palm. He yells)
76) 4) dialog: (shocked)
76) 5) text: What?! The mouth is gone. JACOB hears the stall door fly open an from the room. He jumps up and grabs his pants. He dashes MEN'S ROOM. He hears footsteps and chases after them.
77) 0) text: JACOB bursts into the MAIN TERMINAL. He sees someone rush main doors and speeds after him. HOMELESS PEOPLE, huddlin corridors, watch as they run past. Escaping to the street disappears in the holiday throngs. JACOB, crazed, stands breath. His fists dig into his coat pocket. Suddenly he f and seems surprised when MICHAEL's CARD emerges in his ha
78) 0) text: JACOB runs up the stairs in a SOHO LOFT BUILDING. It is a industrial staircase, poorly lit. He reaches a door with painted on it in large black letters. He knocks loudly. T answer. He pounds on it. Another door opens on the floor sticks out.
78) 2) dialog: (panting hard)
79) 0) text: JACOB charges into the dark space groping for a light. He LOFT is a disaster area. Nothing is standing. JACOB runs room. In the back he discovers a large private chemistry vials and bottles are shattered on the floor. JACOB rifles through the cabinets. A few bottles are inta labels mean nothing to him. He reaches for one cabinet and notices a reddish liquid o the bottom. He opens it. MICHAEL's severed head stares hi It is smiling. A scream rings out as the MAN from upstairs sees what JAC JACOB jumps back, trips, and falls over MICHAEL's headles lying sprawled across the floor.
80) 0) text: JACOB rushes into the icy air and runs wildly down the si as his legs will move. With unexpected violence he charge side of a building. Over and over he hurls himself agains for the bricks. His fingers insert themselves into the cr as though he is trying to merge with the wall. Suddenly JACOB turns and dashes into the street. A taxi i toward him, its lights the only sign of life and warmth i night. JACOB steps into its path. It is hard to tell if h stop the cab or waiting to be hit. The taxi screeches to stares at it a moment and then steps to get in. The DRIVE pull off but JACOB yanks at the door and drags himself in
81) 1) dialog: (barely audible)
81) 4) dialog: I know the way. JACOB reaches into his pants pocket, pulls out a twenty d and hands it to the DRIVER. He takes it.
81) 5) dialog: (continuing)
82) 0) text: JACOB gets out of the TAXI and approaches the LOBBY of SA APARTMENT BUILDING. JACOB is greeted by the DOORMAN.
82) 2) dialog: (greeting him warmly)
82) 6) dialog: I'm okay.
82) 8) dialog: No, don't. But thanks.
83) 0) text: JACOB stops in front of the APARTMENT door and reaches hi underneath a section of the hallway carpet. It comes back He inserts it into the lock and gently opens the door. He
83) 1) dialog: Hello. It's me.
84) 1) dialog: Hello? Is anybody home? Jed? Eli? Daddy's here. There is still no answer. JACOB is surprised. He peers in LIVING ROOM and then walks to the KITCHEN. No one is arou JACOB, SARAH, AND THEIR BOYS is sitting on the counter. H and carries it with him through the apartment. He walks i BEDROOM and then into the BOYS' ROOM. The beds are still is no one home. He sees his image in the BATHROOM mirror in disgust. He walks back to the LIVING ROOM. He is about lights on when he hears footsteps coming down the hall. H
84) 2) dialog: Sarah, is that you? I hope you don't mind. I needed to come home. JACOB is startled to see JEZZIE enter the room. She does usual self. She appears larger, more imposing.
84) 4) dialog: What're you ... ? Where's Sarah? Where are the boys?
84) 6) dialog: Where are they?
84) 8) dialog: No! What's going on? Where's my family?
84) 10) dialog: Where have they gone?
84) 12) dialog: What's going on?
84) 17) dialog: Who are you? What are you doing to me?
84) 22) text: Your mind is crumbling, Jake. No more "army." No more conspiracies. You're dying, Dr. Singer. It's over. JACOB, frightened, turns toward the door as if to hurry o laughs.
84) 24) text: Where's to run, Jacob? Where's to go? JACOB pauses a moment and then turns to confront the terr
84) 25) dialog: 
84) 28) dialog: 
84) 32) dialog: (whispering to himself)
84) 33) text: This isn't happening. New terrible sounds arise, chain saws slashing through th and sabers ripping through space with unrelenting anger. explode past his head. It is as though all the sounds of are closing in on him. JACOB yells but his own voice is l melee. Terrified, he looks heavenward, as if crying for h Suddenly, from the noise, a calm voice rises, speaking, a distance. It is LOUIS. JACOB is shocked to hear him. He s motionless.
84) 41) dialog: Hello? There is no response. Suddenly the music stops. JACOB fre moment. He sees someone standing in the shadows at the ot
84) 42) dialog: (continuing)
84) 43) text: Who is it? Who's there? Tentatively JACOB moves forward. As he draws closer he be the outline of a child. Then, all of a sudden, he realize His eyes well up as he stands there, the full impact of t registering inside him. It's his son, GABE. He is carryin musical lunch box we have seen before. The young boy smil his father. It is the smile of an angel. JACOB swallows h
84) 44) dialog: (continuing)
84) 45) text: Gabe? Gabe! JACOB runs to his son. Unable to hold back the tears, he in a rush of love and emotion.
84) 46) dialog: (continuing)
84) 47) text: Gabe. Oh God. I don't believe ... They hug one another over and over. JACOB, overcome, sits stiars. After a moment GABE puts his arm around his fathe in a gesture of surprising maturity and compassion. We se instant that their roles have reversed. GABE reaches for and gently encourages him to stand up. With a sweet tug GABE leads his father up the steps. Sunlight streams down from the top of the stiars, hitting landing. GABE is bathed in its warm glow. As JACOB reache he too is surrounded by the comforting light. GABE hurries up the last set of stairs. JACOB turns to fo stunned by the brilliance of the light pouring in from ab Squinting, he cannot see his son. Then suddenly GABE step the light and takes his father's hand once more. His eyes excitement.
86) 9) text: Well now, having reached this apotheosis there seems little, if anything, left to say. So rather than try, you are dismissed. The STUDENTS seem surprised but not unhappy with the sudd dismissal. They quickly gather their books and begin the climb to the exits. Only JACOB remains seated.
86) 10) dialog: Hello Prof. PROFESSOR STERN looks up and stares at KACOB for several before recognizing him.
86) 14) dialog: The postal service. I'm a mailman.
86) 17) dialog: (smiling)
87) 0) text: JACOB AND PROFESSOR STERN walk down the city streets that constitute the CAMPUS of CITY COLLEGE.
87) 2) dialog: (shrugging his shoul- ders)
87) 6) dialog: I'm with another woman now. We're both with the post office, Midtown, 34th Street branch.
87) 8) dialog: Oh, you'd be surprised. They just don't have their doctorates, that's all.
87) 11) dialog: Oh, that goes way back. They had a hiring freeze, one of those last min- ute things. Bad timing for me though. Middle of the war. The draft. (STERN nods his head. They walk a moment in silence)
87) 14) text: Jacob, if it was any other brain but yours, I might agree. (he pauses)
87) 16) dialog: (smiling coyly)
87) 19) text: Well, try not to get burned. You have a great mind, Jacob. Don't let anyone tempt you away from it.
88) 0) text: JACOB and PROFESSOR STERN are sitting at a quiet table in nearly empty coffee shop. They are both fixing cups of te speaking. Suddenly JACOB looks at STERN.
88) 1) dialog: I've got a problem, Prof. More Augus- tine than Kierkegaard, if you know what I mean. (STERN looks at him questioningly)
88) 4) text: Demons, Jacob? Why demons? Are you writing ... ?
88) 5) dialog: No. (he pauses a moment)
88) 9) dialog: (hesitantly)
88) 10) text: Yes. STERN pauses. He looks at JACOB. The intensity of his gaz unsettling and JACOB reaches for his tea. The cup rattles
88) 13) dialog: I see them, Prof. Everywhere. They're invading my life. A look of concern fills STERN's eyes.
88) 14) dialog: (continuing)
88) 17) dialog: Yes. (suddenly uneasy)
88) 21) dialog: I need your insight, your intuition. STERN sips his tea slowly. He is thinking.
88) 23) dialog: I'm afraid, Prof. Nothing makes sense. (he pauses)
88) 26) text: Jacob, I don't believe in demons, not in the empirical sense. I don't be- lieve in devils fighting for our souls. I don't believe in enternal damnation. I don't believe in other- worldly creatures tormenting us. We don't need them. We do a good enough job on ourselves.
88) 27) dialog: (disturbed)
88) 31) dialog: Hell, you think I am?
89) 6) dialog: (crying weakly)
90) 0) text: CUT TO APPLAUSE from a real television game show as JACOB switches channels on the LIVING ROOM T.V. He stops on an  interview program, turns up the sound, and runs to the BA The CAMERA stays on the television. JACOB can be heard ur in the distance. MAC HAYES, a young, virile, and smug REPORTER is speaking
91) 0) text: THE BEDROOM is dark. JACOB and JEZZIE are making love. A smoked joint is smouldering in an ashtray by the bed. JEZ poised on top of JACOB and his eyes are focused on her fa A hurricane lamp casts a warm glow over their bodies. Its flickering light plays games with JACOB's eyes and for a JEZZIE seems to disappear. JACOB reaches out for her brea his hands seem to vanish into the shadows dancing across With sudden, hallucinogenic impact, JACOB feels himself d into a starry universe opening from inside her. THE CAMERA plunges through her image into a galxy of star rushes toward one that is twinkling brightly. Pulsations light whiten the screen. Out of the whiteness appears a m flash of the CELESTIAL STAIRCASE, accompanied by sounds o climax. The STAIRCASE sparkles for an instant and then it's gone. sparkle becomes a glimmer in JEZZIE's eye as her face fil screen. She looks especially lovely and radiant. Her imag with the lamplight. JACOB's face is ecstatic. He can barely talk and simply b JEZZIE's glow. Slowly, she leans forward and whispers in
91) 2) dialog: (smiling broadly)
92) 0) text: JACOB is sitting in a comfortable chair in his living roo reading. The room is dark, lit only by a reading light. T are mostly in shadow. The light, however, falls on one se the wall, a portion that has been lined in fake wood pane JACOB's eyes suddenly lift off the page and roam over the grain on the wall. All of a sudden he notices something s an image in the grain. He stares at it. The more he stare more precise its definition. The image of a DEMON appears wall. JACOB sits up quickly and stares at the walll. It is impo to get the DEMON's image out of the grain. It seems etche imbedded, in the paneling. JACOB looks away and returns to his book. He is reading a archetypes and the primordial mind. But the book does not his attention. He is obsessed with the wall. Its molecule suddenly active, the wood grain suddenly animate. Layers appear in the surface of the wall as the grain patterns s define a rocky, barren landscape. The DEMON is growing solid. Cries and screams rise up in distance. Flames and a red glow emanate from the space ex rapidly into the wall. The image of Hell erupts before hi JACOB stands up. He can see bodies suffering beyond the w masses of PEOPLE wailing and enduring the torments of a f world. The DEMON's arm slowly extends from the plane of t and reaches into the room. He is huge, covered in flames skulls, a living horror. He grabs hold of JACOB and pulls toward the wall. JACOB tries to back away but he cannot. is white with fear. The DEMON draws JACOB toward the infe
92) 1) dialog: (yelling at the top of his lungs)
93) 0) text: JACOB is lying on the bed, curled up in a fetal pose. JEZ stroking his hair and trying to calm him.
93) 2) dialog: Hold me, Jezzie. Hold me. JEZZIE wraps herself around his shivering body and warms her own. The image seems tender and comforting until we n JEZZIE's tongue darting nervously in and out. It looks st like a snake's.
94) 0) text: The DARK CHAMBER is filled with mournful CREATURES being DEMONS through a series of CORRIDORS. No one fights or st JACOB's stretcher is moved through the darkness. He tries up but is forced back down. He is obviously drugged. JACOB is wheeled into a tiny CHAMBER. A number of DEMONS waiting for him. Chains and pulleys hang from the ceiling are lowered and attached with speed and efficiency to JAC arms and legs. The devices are manipulated smoothly and J lifted off the stretcher. The chains retract, stretching spread-eagle in the air. He screams loudly.
94) 1) dialog: Oh God! The DEMONS laugh. There is the sound of a huge door closi JACOB is left in darkness. The darkness is hallucinogenic appear beyond the boundaries of the wall; images of Dante Inferno, souls of the dead in endless torment. JACOB is b of countless beings sharing a vastness of torment. His ow screams for help are lost in the magnitude of voices cryi Suddenly, out of the meancing shadows, a contingent of DE emerges. They are carrying sharp surgical instruments. Th surround JACOB, their eyes glistening as bright as their JACOB is panting and sweating with fear. For an instant, the DEMONS looks like JEZZIE. JACOB calls out to her.
94) 2) dialog: Jezzie! Help me! The DEMONS laugh as she changes form. They take great ple his suffering. Their voices are strange and not human. Ea utterance contains a multitude of contradictory tones, si and compassionate, taunting and mocking at the same time. confusion of meanings is a torment of its own.
95) 0) text: JACOB is lying on the floor of his BEDROOM doing exercise his back. He has several days' growth of beard and does n well. His mind is drifting and only the occasional pain i back reminds him of what he is doing. JEZZIE can be heard vacuuming the carpet in the LIVING ROOM. Suddenly the doo open. The wail of the vacuum cleaner causes JACOB to tens eyes drift down from the ceiling. JEZZIE vacuums around h seems insensitive to his presence. JEZZIE shoves the vacuum cleaner under the bed and hits  something. JACOB tightens. She looks and is shocked to di can of gasoline and boxes of kitchen matches. It takes he second to understand the implications of what she has fou JACOB is ready when she begins yelling.
95) 2) dialog: (yelling)
95) 4) text: JEZZIE lets go of the can and grabs the vacuum. She moves furiously across the carpet. Suddenly JACOB sees her tong darting in and out, unconsciously. She looks strange, not JACOB freezes. He yells out.
95) 5) dialog: Who are you? The sound of the vacuum cleaner drowns out his voice. He again. JEZZIE sees him and turns off the machine. His voi out.
95) 6) dialog: (continuing)
95) 7) text: Who the hell are you? JEZZIE ignores the question and turns the vacuum cleaner JACOB rolls over and pulls out the plug.
95) 8) dialog: Why won't you answer me?
95) 11) dialog: I don't know you.
95) 13) dialog: That doesn't mean shit. Where do you come from, huh? And I don't mean Indiana.
95) 15) dialog: You know goddamn well what I mean.
95) 17) dialog: Well leave then. Go to Hell.
95) 19) text: You son-of-a-bitch. Who do you think you are? I don't deserve this. Who takes care of you day and night? Who cleans the floor and washes your goddamn underwear? Well, I've had it. You flip out on your own, you ungrateful bastard. I'm done holding your hand. I don't want anything to do with you, you hear? Nothing! She storms out of the room, kicking the vacuum cleaner as goes. JACOB can see flashes of her through the open crack bedroom door. Occasional curses and epithets hurl through opening along with a flood of tears. JACOB catches glimpses of her as she grabs her coat from closet and as she pulls her money out of the desk drawer. see the lamp as she shoves it to the floor and hears it s as she stomps on it with her foot. There is a blur as she to the front door and a deafening bang as she leaves. JACOB's eyes drift up to the ceiling. They hardly blink. stares at the plaster, chipped and cracked, above him. Su the cracks begin to move. JACOB jumps up. A DEMON is  materializing over his head. JACOB yells and grabs hold o extension pole for the vacuum cleaner. With a furious cry begins jamming it at the ceiling. Rather than blot out th evolving image his attack helps to define it. JACOB slams Plaster and wood lath cover the floor. The DEMON is gone. hard, JACOB reaches for matches and the gasoline can. He and stares at them with great intensity.
95) 23) dialog: (continuing)
96) 0) text: JACOB enters the HOTEL ROOM. JEZZIE is already there watc evening news. She is still in her postal uniform, lying o bed. She taps the mattress, inviting JACOB to lie next to WOMAN is crying to a REPORTER on the T.V.
96) 5) dialog: I'm okay. I just don't want to lis- ten.
96) 7) dialog: (angry)
96) 10) dialog: I'm tired.
96) 13) dialog: Goddamn it. Why do you say that?
96) 15) dialog: Shit! Can't I just have a bad day?
96) 17) dialog: Then don't bug me.
96) 20) dialog: (evasively)
96) 23) dialog: (looking away from her)
96) 29) dialog: (nervously)
96) 33) dialog: Don't be funny.
96) 35) dialog: Stop it, Jez. Don't do that.
96) 37) dialog: Don't play games with me. There's nothing more to say. There is a quiet rage building in JEZZIE's eyes as she co to stroke JACOB's chest. He tries to relax and give himse to the movement of her hand. Silently she leans over and licking his stomach. JACOB's eyes close. His stomach hard reaches back and adjusts the pillow beneath his head. Slo JEZZIE works her way back up to his chest. Her tongue dar and out suggestively. He eyes are burning with anger. Her poises itself over his nipple. She toys with it for a few and then chomps down hard. The bite draws blood. JACOB screams. His eyes shoot open. For the flash of an i he sees a DEMON hovering over him, a hideous horned creat licking his blood. JACOB flies off the bed as the creatur to the floor. JACOB is ready to pounce on it when he sees is JEZZIE lying at his feet. His head begins reeling. He away from the bed, not taking his eyes off JEZZIE for a s He backs to the closet and grabs his coat.
97) 0) text: JACOB stoops in front of the APARTMENT door and reaches h underneath a section of the hallway carpet. It comes back key. He inserts it into the lock and gently opens the doo
97) 1) dialog: (calling out)
98) 1) dialog: Hello? Is anyone home? Jed? Elie? Dad- dy's here. There is still no answer. JACOB is surprised. He walks in LIVING ROOM and then the KITCHEN. No one is around. He wa his old BEDROOM and then the BOYS' ROOM. He is surprised footsteps coming down the hall. He turns around and calls
98) 2) dialog: Sarah, is that you? I hope you don't mind. I needed to come home. JACOB is startled to see JEZZIE enter the room. She does to be her usual self. She seems larger, more imposing.
98) 4) dialog: Where's Sarah? Where are the boys?
98) 6) dialog: Where are they?
98) 8) dialog: No! What's going on? Where's my family?
98) 10) dialog: Where have they gone?
98) 12) dialog: What's going on? JEZZIE smiles at him. Her tongue wags and suddenly shoots her mouth beyond human extension. JACOB recoils.
98) 13) dialog: (whispering to himself)
98) 16) dialog: Oh God!
98) 19) dialog: (screaming)
98) 23) text: A most romantic creation. You're quite a dreamer, Jake. Only it's time to wake up. JACOB's eyes are locked on JEZZIE. His mouth is wide open body is shaking badly. He tries to back away from her but legs barely move.
98) 25) dialog: 
98) 28) dialog: 
98) 31) text: You know who I am. Suddenly JEZZIE reaches for her tongue and pulls at it wi her might. It is an act of total, unrelieved grotesquenes each yank the horror grows as JEZZIE literally pulls hers inside out before JACOB's eyes. The emerging creature is JEZZIE transfigured, a demonic p beyond anything we have seen before. It is black and cove a thick oozing slime. Its head, still recognizable as JEZ rodent-like, with piercing green eyes and terrible horns  protruding from its brow. Its powerful arms have long spi claws. Its feet are cloven hooves. Extending from its bac long, thick, muscular tail that whips around the room wit devastating force. It throws furniture crashing through t A sudden cracking sound emerges from the DEMON's back. Da penetrate the air. JACOB is breathless as huge wings unfo spread out to the living room walls. The sound of their f is deafening. The walls shatter from their blows. As they darkness appears on the other side. There are no other ro VOID envelops them. The INFERNO emerges in all directions DEMON roars.
98) 35) dialog: 
98) 38) dialog: Oh God!
98) 40) dialog: (yelling)
98) 43) dialog: What do you want from me?
98) 47) dialog: Oh God, help me. Instantly the flames roar and engulf him. It is total  conflagration. JACOB's skin blisters and turns black. His crackles. Writhing in pain he runs through the flames but find no freedom from his suffering. All at once JACOB stops running. He throws his hands up i burning air and stands motionless, in absolute agony. It gesture of total submission and surrender to forces beyon himself. His flesh bubbles and chars but something is sud quiet inside him. Through the flames JACOB's dark form can be seen as it sl sits down, like a Buddhist monk, in the midst of the holo He appears a figure of sudden nobility as the flames anni him. Gradually the fire dies. JACOB's body, his flesh like a c and brittle shell, sits motionless, beyond pain. An orang from the embers of his body slowly fades, leaving him in final darkness. The SCREEN stays dark for as long as possible. Then, slow eerie light appears in an unfamiliar sky. It backlights J revealing his silhouette. The CAMERA dollies slowly towar It approaches the burned and unrecognizable remains of JA face. It is the face of death. The CAMERA holds on the im Suddenly, with shocking impact, JACOB's eyes move. Within crumbling shell of a body something is still alive, still conscious. The eyes survey the darkness and the first sti of a new light. It is dawn. JACOB's dark remains are suffused by a preter glow. Slowly, huge orbs begin to appear on the horizon. J eyes open to the growing light as they seek out the famil the still dark lansdcape. Gradually the orbs begin their like a thousand suns rising at the same time. JACOB's eye as his new world stands revealed. He is sitting in a GARD LIGHT, the Rousseau paradise he has visited once before. A sudden burst of light fills the sky directly overhead. vegetation around him is instantly illuminated with its s glow. Like a gentle breeze MICHAEL descends from the ligh stands radiant before JACOB. He smiles and the air itself to brighten. MICHAEL quietly approaches JACOB's body.
98) 50) text: It's all right now. It's over. You've won. You're here. (JACOB stares at him questioningly. MICHAEL reaches out his hands)
98) 51) text: Trust me. Softly MICHAEL places his hands on top of JACOB's head an to peel at the charred flesh. Layer by layer he strips it Then, with an unexpected gesture, he rips away a whole se with one quick pull. A BLAZE OF LIGHT bursts through the hole in JACOB's head and beams into the air around them. astounding sight.
98) 53) text: Stand up. (JACOB's eyes are burst- ing with wonder)
98) 54) text: You can do it. Slowly JACOB begins to stir. He moves feebly at first, li old man. His black flesh creaks and cracks and through ea sudden fissure another beam of light blasts out with lase intensity.