6) 1) dialog: Jake, is that you?
6) 3) dialog: Why didn't you turn on the light?
6) 5) dialog: (sleepy but pleasant)
6) 8) dialog: Where are you?
6) 10) dialog: I moved the couch. That's all.
6) 12) dialog: That help?
6) 15) dialog: What do you think?
6) 17) dialog: The room!
6) 19) dialog: It is tomorrow. Four A.M. How come you're so late?
6) 21) dialog: (seeing the grease on his uniform)
6) 24) text: Don't ask. JACOB steps into the BATHROOM and pulls at his clothes, l a pile on the floor. He reaches for the faucet and sends water pouding against the porcelain tub. JEZZIE enjoys JA nakedness. She reaches out to his chest and squeezes one nipples. His body tenses slightly. JEZZIE drops her robe. the shower together.
8) 0) text: SUNLIGHT pours through the BEDROOM window. JACOB is sleep as a bar of light saturates his face. His hand rushes up protect his eyes but the damage is done. He is awake. JACOB lies in bed for a few moments, dazed. Slowly his ha along the shelf at the head of the bed, searching for his has trouble finding them. As his hand sweeps blindly acro headboard it hits the telephone and sends it crashing to sits up with a disgusted look on his face and searches th shelf behind him. Suddenly JEZZIE enters.
8) 1) dialog: You up?
8) 3) dialog: (shaking her head)
8) 6) dialog: Did you look around the headboard?
8) 8) text: Jezzie, I can't see.
8) 9) dialog: (she scans the shelf)
8) 13) dialog: Your kid dropped it off.
8) 15) dialog: (stooping to pick up the phone)
8) 18) dialog: They're weird names.
8) 20) dialog: Well, personally, I never went for church names.
8) 22) dialog: I don't let anybody call me that.
8) 24) text: You're a real heathen, you know that, Jezzie? Jesus, how did I ever get involved with such a ninny?
8) 25) dialog: You sold your soul, remember? That's what you told me.
8) 27) dialog: A good lay.
8) 29) dialog: The best.
8) 31) dialog: Jake, you are never out of your head!
8) 34) dialog: Pictures. Your wife was gonna toss 'em so "what's his name" brought 'em over on his way to school. JACOB lifts the bag and pours the photographs onto the be hundreds of them. He examines them with growing delight.
8) 36) dialog: Lemme see.
8) 39) dialog: (looking closely)
8) 43) dialog: Why you left.
8) 45) dialog: Look at her face. A real bitch.
8) 47) dialog: Not to me.
8) 49) dialog: What's wrong? To JEZZIE's surprise and his own, tears well up in his ey moment JACOB is unable to speak. He just stares at one of JEZZIE looks at the picture. It is an image of JACOB carr child on his shoulders.
8) 50) dialog: Is that the one who died?
8) 52) text: Gabe. JEZZIE is silent. JACOB grabs a Kleenex and blows his nos
8) 57) dialog: I don't like things that make you cry.
8) 61) text: What a kid. Cute, huh? So much promise. JEZZIE surveys the scene.
8) 62) dialog: It's amazing, huh Jake? Your whole life ... right in front of you. (she pauses before making her final pronouncement)
9) 0) text: JEZZIE carries the garbage to an INCINERATOR ROOM down th carrying several bags. Two of them are tossed instantly d She hesitates with the third. After a moment she reaches pulls out a handful of photos. They are pictures of JACOB With cool deliberation she drops them down the chute. An slams shut. Quickly she disposes of the pictures remainin JACOB opens the door to the tiny room as the bag filled w memories of his life falls to the fire below.
9) 2) dialog: Just gettin' rid of the garbage. JACOB and JEZZIE, both wearing postal uniforms, head for They are surprised that it has arrived promptly. JEZZIE r playfully sticks her tongue into JACOB's ear. He pulls he ELEVATOR. They disappear, laughing, behind its closing do
14) 0) text: We see a vast room filled with hundreds of PEOPLE sorting mail. JACOB, carrying a bag of McDonald's hamburgers, walks sti the aisles, his left hand rubbing his back. Several worke and grab for his french fries. He offers them around. ANGLE ON a conveyor belt sorting mail. A hand reaches in, mistakes. Suddenly a hamburger passes by. JEZZIE looks up
14) 1) dialog: Jake!
14) 5) dialog: What's wrong?
14) 7) dialog: Now? What about the boss? He's not gonna like it. JACOB shrugs.
14) 8) dialog: (continuing)
14) 11) dialog: I enjoy crushing into you. She grabs him and hugs him tightly.
18) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are lying in bed. They are a sensual cou in quiet, reflective moments such as this, their position and stimulating. Both of them are nude. JACOB's hands are behind his neck and he is staring mournfully at the ceili lying on her side, her left leg draped across JACOB's pel is propped up on her right arm while her left hand stroke scar on JACOB's stomach. Neither are talking. Suddenly, o blue, JEZZIE speaks.
18) 1) dialog: Maybe it's all the pressure, Jake. The money. Things like that. Or your wife.
18) 3) dialog: 'Cause she's always on your mind.
18) 5) dialog: It has nothin' to do with talkin'. She pauses for a while, long enough to suppose that the c over. Then she continues.
18) 6) dialog: (continuing)
18) 8) dialog: (continuing)
18) 13) dialog: New York is filled with creatures. Everywhere. And lots of stations are closed.
18) 15) dialog: Demons, Jake? Come on. They're winos and bag ladies. Low life. That's all they are. The streets are crawling with 'em. Don't make em into somethin' they're not. (she rubs his forehead)
18) 18) dialog: Kids on a joy ride. Happens all the time.
18) 20) dialog: Come on. What were they, Jake? JACOB doesn't answer. He turns over on his stomach. JEZZI his naked back and drags her fingernails down to his butt marks follow in their wake.
18) 21) dialog: You still love me? He does not respond.
19) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are sitting at the breakfast table. JEZZ the National Enquirer and chewing at her lip. Suddenly a forms and falls onto the formica table top. Staring at it she wipes it with her finger and then licks it with her t JACOB is nursing a cup of coffee and staring out the wind housing project across the way. The toaster pops. JEZZIE gets up, butters her toast, and returns to her paper.
19) 1) dialog: Says here the world's comin' to an end. The battle of heaven and hell they call it. Should be quite a show; fireworks, H-bombs, and everything. You believe them, Jake? JACOB doesn't answer.
19) 2) dialog: (continuing)
19) 3) text: Me neither ... God, look at this. Two heads. Only lived two days. A day for each head. Could you imagine me with two heads? We'd probably keep each other up all night - arguing and whatnot. You wanna see the picture? He does not respond. JEZZIE gets up and walks over to JAC in front of him she slowly unties her robe and lets it fa is naked underneath it. Sensuously she leans forward, unb shirt, and strokes his chest. She waits for a response fr there is none. He sits silently, disinterested. Furious, JEZZIE turns away. Grabbing the vacuum cleaner f closet she angrily unravels the cord and switches it on. from beneath her gown as the vacuum roars back and forth floor.
19) 4) dialog: (continuing)
19) 6) dialog: All right! All right! All right! JACOB peers at the courtyard eighteen stories below and w patterns of early morning movement. Tiny figures drift pu over the concrete. Suddenly the vasuum cleaner goes off. In the silence, JAC that JEZZIE is crying and turns to see her curled over th table. He walks to her side and strokes her hair. JEZZIE After a moment she looks at him with puffy eyes.
19) 7) dialog: You love me? He nods his head "yes." She smiles coyly and rubs her hai kitten against his crotch. After a few moments she speaks
19) 8) dialog: (continuing)
19) 9) text: Della's party's tonight. Why don't we go? It'll take your minf offa things. And I won't make you dance. I promise. Huh? (he nods his head in consent. JEZZIE hugs him)
24) 0) text: The APARTMENT reappears in all its normalcy. The neon sig flashing outside the window. DANCERS are smiling and swea Cheers and applause ring out for JACOB and JEZZIE but JAC hears them. JEZZIE hugs him tightly. PEOPLE smack him on
24) 4) dialog: You okay?
24) 6) dialog: Oh, come on. It's early.
24) 9) dialog: (surprised by the question)
24) 12) dialog: What do you mean? Where do you think?
24) 14) dialog: Why? What for?
24) 16) dialog: (confused)
24) 17) text: Hey, I'm here. JACOB eyes her with a pleading look. Annoyed, JEZZIE leav crosses the room. He watches her as she goes. JACOB is ho stomach and rocking painfully. Moments later JEZZIE retur
24) 29) dialog: Are you feeling all right? Shit, you're burning up. Feel his forehead.
24) 32) dialog: I think you should lie down. JACOB is shaking uncontrollably. People are gathering aro
24) 33) dialog: (continuing)
25) 0) text: JACOB is lying in bed in his own BEDROOM with a thermomet mouth. JEZZIE is pacing the floor with great agitation.
25) 1) dialog: I've never been so mortified in my whole life. Never! Screaming like that. I don't understand what's gotten into you, Jake, to make you do a thing like that. You're not acting normal. I've lived with too many crazies in my life. I don't want it anymore. I can't handle it. I'm tired of men flipping out on me. Shit, you'd think it was my fault. Well you picked me, remember that. I don't need this. The NEIGHBOR pounds on the wall.
25) 2) dialog: (continuing)
25) 3) text: All right! All right! JEZZIE jabs her finger at the wall.
25) 4) dialog: (continuing)
25) 5) text: If you go crazy on me you're goin' crazy by yourself. You understand? JEZZIE reaches for his mouth and pulls out the thermomete at it closely and then squints to see it better.
25) 7) dialog: I don't believe this. I'm calling the doctor. She runs out of the room. JACOB calls after her.
25) 9) dialog: It's gone to the top.
25) 11) dialog: The numbers stop at 107. JEZZIE is on the phone to the doctor in the next room. JACOB begins shaking again and reaches for the extra blan foot of the bed. He pulls it up around his shoulders. The vibrates with his shivering. Suddenly JEZZIE rushes throu and into the BATHROOM. SHe turns on the bath water.
25) 13) dialog: Get your clothes off.
25) 15) dialog: Get your clothes off! JACOB gives her a confused look as she rushes back to the
25) 17) dialog: That you'd die on the way to the hospital. Now get into that tub. JACOB stares at her as she bursts back into the BEDROOM c trays of ice cubes. She hurries into the BATHROOM and dum tub.
25) 18) dialog: He's coming right over.
25) 20) dialog: Goddamn it. Get in here. I can't stand around waiting. She rushes out of the BATHROOM and pulls JACOB out of bed shaking violently and she has difficulty navigating acros undressing him at the same time. She maneuvers him into t next to the tub. He looks down at the ice cubes floating
25) 22) dialog: That's your decision.
25) 24) dialog: You're red hot, damn it. Get in there. I've got to get more ice. She runs out of the room. The door to the apartment slams sticks his toe into the water and pulls it out again inst
26) 0) text: JEZZIE is running up and down the CORRIDOR knocking on do collecting ice cubes from those who will answer. She hurr the BATHROOM with several PEOPLE behind her carrying addi trays. One of the MEN is shifting the trays in his hands burning cold.
27) 0) text: As JEZZIE enters the BATHROOM, JACOB is sitting on the ri with the water up to his calves, shivering vigorously.
27) 2) dialog: What kind of man are you? She unloads two trays into the water.
27) 4) dialog: Lie down!
27) 6) text: Jezzie! My feet are throbbing!
27) 7) dialog: (calling out)
27) 22) dialog: (to TONY)
27) 27) dialog: Bring it in.
27) 29) dialog: He doesn't like it.
27) 31) dialog: Pour it in.
27) 33) dialog: He's melting it as fast as we dump it in.
31) 0) text: JACOB's DOCTOR reaches down to help him out of the tub. S JEZZIE and MRS. CARMICHAEL are standing there too. JACOB in total confusion.
32) 0) text: FADE IN sounds of feet shuffling across the carpet. A gla a tray. A television is on low in the background. Slowly LENS opens from JACOB's P.O.V. and we see JEZZIE putterin BEDROOM. Suddenly she is aware that JACOB is watching her
32) 1) dialog: Jake. (she places her hand on his head and strokes his hair)
32) 4) dialog: You're here. Home. The doctor said you're lucky your brains didn't boil. (she smiles)
32) 7) dialog: You're right here, Jake. You just rest. (she puffs up his pillow)
32) 9) text: Now you just lie here. Mrs. Sandelman made you some chicken soup. It'll warm you up. JEZZIE leaves the room. JACOB watches her as she goes. He and confused.
33) 0) text: JACOB, unshaven, wearing his bathrobe, is sitting at the PILES OF BOOKS on demonology are spread out before him. H to distraction. JEZZIE is standing by the counter making She wraps them in plastic Baggies and puts one in a lunch in the refrigerator. She is dressed in her postal uniform
33) 1) dialog: You know, you really ought to get out today. You can't just sit around like this all the time. It's not healthy. It's not good for your mind. Go take a walk, or somethin'. Go to a movie. Christ, who's gonna know? You think I care? I don't give a shit. Go. Enjoy yourself. One of us should be having a good time. (JEZZIE knocks on JACOB's head)
33) 5) dialog: Goddamn it! I can't stand it anymore. I've had it up to here. Go ahead and rot if you want ... You son-of-a- bitch, I'm talking to you. CUT BACK to the DEMONS. Suddenly a crashing sound catches attention as a KITCHEN POT flies by his head. He looks up knocking pots and pans off the kitchen counter and kickin across the room. The noise is terrible. The intensity of shocking. The pots crash into every surface, knocking all onto the floor. And then, suddenly, she stops. JEZZIE stoops down to the floor and picks up her sandwich back in its plastic Baggie, and puts it back in her lunch about to leave when she stops and looks at JACOB.
33) 6) dialog: (continuing, her anger in check)
33) 9) text: Hello? Listen, I gotta go. JEZZIE sits on his lap, gives him a big kiss, and then, u raises two fingers, like horns, over her head. The gestur JACOB's full attention.
33) 10) dialog: (continuing)
33) 14) text: You are the most unbelievable woman I have ever met. One second you're a screaming banshee and the next you're Florence Nightingale. Who are you? That's what I want to know. Will the real Jezzie Pipkin please stand up. Suddenly the telephone rings. It startles them.
33) 15) dialog: Oh shit. Tell 'em I've left. JEZZIE grabs her jacket and shoves her arm in it upside d pocketful of change falls on the floor. JACOB smiles. JEZ she struggles to pick it up and get the jacket on right. phone.
41) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are driving in an old Chevy Nova. They a JACOB's face is bruised and he has a gauze pad over his e in silence. JACOB appears very sad. Slowly his right hand across the seat, seeking JEZZIE's. Their fingers embrace.
43) 0) text: JACOB'S OLD ARMY BUDDIES are sitting together in Paul's l talking. PAUL'S WIFE can be seen in the BEDROOM. Several comforting her. JEZZIE is talking to a small group of LADIES in the DININ nibbling off a tray of cold cuts. PAUL'S SISTER is with h seem to be having a lively, almost intimate, conversation JACOB and his BUDDIES are drinking beer. They all have a defeated look about them.
47) 0) text: JACOB and JEZZIE are making wild and unadulterated love o floor. The wastebasket flips over. JACOB's hand splashes bowl. Nothing impedes their passion. JEZZIE laughs, holle swoons. Hands grab hold of table legs. Chairs topple. Fee against the stove. It is all mayhem and ecstacy. And then JACOB's face is ecstatic. He can barely talk and simply b JEZZIE's glow. She looks especially lovely and radiant. T exhausted and exhilarated on the linoleum floor.
47) 1) dialog: So tell me ... am I still an angel?
47) 3) text: With wings. You transport me, you know that? You carry me away. JEZZIE kisses him softly around his face and gently probe her pinky. JACOB loves it.
47) 4) dialog: We're all angels, you know ... (she bites his earlobe. He winces)
47) 7) dialog: I know.
47) 9) dialog: Remember that.
47) 11) dialog: How come? The army?
48) 1) dialog: I put a frozen dinner in the oven, a Manhandler. It'll be ready at a quarter of. I threw a little salad together. It's in the fridge. I also bought some apple juice, Red Cheek. Don't drink it all. Oh, and Jake, your lawyer called.
48) 3) dialog: (grabbing her coat)
48) 6) dialog: He didn't give me a chance. (she pauses nervously)
48) 10) dialog: He said you didn't have one.
48) 12) dialog: I don't know. That's all he said. He wasn't very friendly. Oh, yeah. He said your buddies backed down. They chickened out, he said.
48) 14) dialog: Baby, I'm sorry. I feel terrible. I'd stay and talk but I'm so late. Look, don't be upset. We'll talk when I get home. See you around midnight. (she kisses him on the cheek)
57) 3) dialog: She pays no attention to him. He stares at her, THE CAMER HER BODY. As it gets to her foot we see it is a decaying with maggots. The "DOCTORS" laugh. They take great pleasu suffering. Their voices are strange and not human. Each u contains a multitude of contradictory tones, sincere and taunting and mocking at the same time. The confusion of m torment of its own.
59) 6) text: Jezzie! I want my boys! Sarah! I'm not dead! I want my family! The "DOCTORS" laugh and back away, disappearing into the
66) 4) dialog: It's just me.
66) 6) dialog: Who else were you expecting?
66) 8) dialog: Where were you, Jake? Where've you been? Why haven't you called?
66) 10) dialog: I want to know. You tell me!
66) 12) dialog: Why are you doing this to me? You can't just go away like that.
66) 15) dialog: It might be for me.
66) 17) dialog: (picking up the receiver)
66) 24) dialog: Who was that?
66) 26) dialog: How?
66) 29) dialog: How do you know he's telling the truth? JACOB stares at JEZZIE for several moments but does not r 11:00 NEWS is coming on. JACOB's image can be seen on the hear the NEWSCASTER speaking.
66) 33) dialog: (almost threatening)
67) 0) text: JACOB gazes at JEZZIE for a moment and then hurries down stops at the stairwell and looks back. JEZZIE is still st She is very angry. JACOB just stares at her for a moment disappears down the stairwell.
74) 0) text: JACOB is in a lovely MOTEL ROOM overlooking GRAMERCY SQUA sprawled out happily on the bed when there is a knock at jumps up and opens it. JEZZIE is standing there. She look quizzically. He smiles and takes her in his arms, swingin room.
74) 1) dialog: What are you doing here? Are you all right? How do you expect to pay for this? (JACOB smiles)
74) 4) dialog: Are you out of your mind?
74) 6) dialog: God, I can't keep up with all your changes.
74) 8) dialog: What's gotten into you? JACOB grins. CUT TO JACOB and JEZZIE lying in bed gently caressing one all his ardor JACOB is exhausted from the events of the p While stroking JEZZIE's hair he begins to fall asleep. JE top of him and shoves her hand down his pants. JACOB smil DISSOLVE TO JACOB and JEZZIE making love.
74) 10) dialog: It's amazing, you know, that a drug could change things like that, destroy a life and then give it back. It's hard to believe that the world could be so hellish on day and like heaven the next.
74) 12) dialog: It's so hard to believe. There is a knock at the door. JACOB throws on a bathrobe. under the sheets.
74) 15) dialog: This is one of my dreams, Jake. Ever since I was a little girl. I never thought it would happen.
74) 18) dialog: I want to go with you, Jake. Wherever you go.
74) 20) dialog: I can waitress. I'm good.
74) 22) dialog: Bullshit!
74) 24) dialog: Please.
74) 26) dialog: Reasonable? Reasonable? Jake ... You're gettin' me angry.
74) 28) dialog: Oh yeah? (her eyes twinkle suggestively)
74) 29) text: Try leavin' without me. JACOB laughs. JEZZIE doesn't. Unexpectedly she grabs JACO him onto the bed. In seconds they are all over each other clothes flying in all directions. They seem as happy as c
84) 3) dialog: Hello, Jake. I knew you'd come here in the end. JACOB is nervous.
84) 5) dialog: Sit down, Jake.
84) 7) dialog: Sit down.
84) 9) dialog: It's over, Jake. It's all over.
84) 11) dialog: Wake up. Stop playing with yourself. It's finished. JEZZIE stares at JACOB with a frightening, powerful glare her coat rustles and flutters as she moves toward him. It innocent sound at first, but after a moment it transforms something else, an obsessive flapping noise, the sound of JACOB's body feels the first waves of an inner tremor. Hi shaking.
84) 13) dialog: Your capacity for self-delusion is remarkable, Dr. Singer. JEZZIE begins walking around the dark living room as she Something about her walk is very unnatural. JACOB eyes he In the darkness JEZZIE's movements become increasingly st elusive. We see her pass before a shadow and disappear wi to reappear, seconds later, in a doorway on the other sid JACOB spins around, confused. Suddenly JEZZIE is inches f although it seems like there has been no time for her to movements are totally impossible, defying all logic, all
84) 14) dialog: (continuing)
84) 18) dialog: You have quite a mind, Jake. I loved your friends. That chemist - the Ladder. What an imagination you have! JACOB freezes.
84) 19) dialog: (continuing)
84) 20) text: And your vision of paradise ... fantastic! You're a real dreamer, you know that? Only it's time to wake up. JEZZIE has disappeared in the darkness of the room. Only flapping wings remain. They grow louder and more menacing past him with no visible source.
84) 21) dialog: (continuing)
84) 23) dialog: (continuing)
84) 27) dialog: How many times have you asked me that? How many times?
84) 30) dialog: (with consummate power)
91) 0) text: THE BEDROOM is dark. JACOB and JEZZIE are making love. A smoked joint is smouldering in an ashtray by the bed. JEZ poised on top of JACOB and his eyes are focused on her fa A hurricane lamp casts a warm glow over their bodies. Its flickering light plays games with JACOB's eyes and for a JEZZIE seems to disappear. JACOB reaches out for her brea his hands seem to vanish into the shadows dancing across With sudden, hallucinogenic impact, JACOB feels himself d into a starry universe opening from inside her. THE CAMERA plunges through her image into a galxy of star rushes toward one that is twinkling brightly. Pulsations light whiten the screen. Out of the whiteness appears a m flash of the CELESTIAL STAIRCASE, accompanied by sounds o climax. The STAIRCASE sparkles for an instant and then it's gone. sparkle becomes a glimmer in JEZZIE's eye as her face fil screen. She looks especially lovely and radiant. Her imag with the lamplight. JACOB's face is ecstatic. He can barely talk and simply b JEZZIE's glow. Slowly, she leans forward and whispers in
91) 1) dialog: So tell me ... am I still an angel?
92) 3) dialog: Jake, are you all ... ? She stops dead in her tracks. CUT TO JACOB pressed up against the wall, defying gravity logic, as though about to merge with the solid surface. H holds there for a moment and then collapses to the floor. goes to him.
92) 4) dialog: Jake? Jake? He doesn't answer. He looks at JEZZIE with a blank stare. body begins shaking.
93) 1) dialog: It's going to be all right, Jake. It's going to be all right. Don't be afraid. I've got you now.
95) 0) text: JACOB is lying on the floor of his BEDROOM doing exercise his back. He has several days' growth of beard and does n well. His mind is drifting and only the occasional pain i back reminds him of what he is doing. JEZZIE can be heard vacuuming the carpet in the LIVING ROOM. Suddenly the doo open. The wail of the vacuum cleaner causes JACOB to tens eyes drift down from the ceiling. JEZZIE vacuums around h seems insensitive to his presence. JEZZIE shoves the vacuum cleaner under the bed and hits  something. JACOB tightens. She looks and is shocked to di can of gasoline and boxes of kitchen matches. It takes he second to understand the implications of what she has fou JACOB is ready when she begins yelling.
95) 1) dialog: You're completely off your rocker, you know that? You'd think you fell on your head instead of your back. What are you planning to do, burn down the apartment along with your demons? She begins to remove the gasoline can.
95) 4) text: JEZZIE lets go of the can and grabs the vacuum. She moves furiously across the carpet. Suddenly JACOB sees her tong darting in and out, unconsciously. She looks strange, not JACOB freezes. He yells out.
95) 7) text: Who the hell are you? JEZZIE ignores the question and turns the vacuum cleaner JACOB rolls over and pulls out the plug.
95) 9) dialog: (angry)
95) 12) dialog: You've lived with me for two years.
95) 14) dialog: What do you want me to say? My mother's tummy?
95) 16) dialog: You're out of your fucking mind. I'm not gonna stand around here gettin' interrogated by you.
95) 18) dialog: (furious)
96) 0) text: JACOB enters the HOTEL ROOM. JEZZIE is already there watc evening news. She is still in her postal uniform, lying o bed. She taps the mattress, inviting JACOB to lie next to WOMAN is crying to a REPORTER on the T.V.
96) 3) dialog: What'd you do that for? It's an in- teresting story. All these people are still disappearing. Right off the street. (staring at JACOB)
96) 6) dialog: You look upset.
96) 9) dialog: Jake, what is it?
96) 11) dialog: You look terrible. What happened? (he turns away. She stares at him for a mo- ment, concerned)
96) 14) dialog: Look at yourself. You look like you've seen a ghost.
96) 16) dialog: You can have anything you want.
96) 18) dialog: I'm not bugging you. Come and lie down. I'll give you a massage. (she taps the mattress again and JACOB joins her. She unbuttons his shirt)
96) 22) dialog: Oh yeah? What was happenin' there?
96) 26) dialog: (tensing)
96) 31) dialog: (growing angry)
96) 34) dialog: I always liked the West, west of Il- linois anyway. But you gotta give me time to pack.
96) 36) dialog: Do what? I haven't done a thing.
96) 38) dialog: Jake. What are you doing? Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bite. Let me get you a towel. JACOB grabs his wallet and his glasses. He backs toward t
96) 39) dialog: Jake, don't. You can't leave. You're not seeing things clearly. The drug's wearing off. She stands up and begins to approach him. JACOB lifts up chair and holds it in front of him. Blood is running down chest.
96) 40) dialog: Jake, don't leave me! JACOB throws the chair at the floor, opens the door, and into the HALLWAY. JEZZIE scurries around the chair and ru the door. She yells after him, but he is already gone.
98) 3) dialog: Hello, Jake. I knew you'd come here in the end. JACOB is nervous.
98) 5) dialog: Sit down, Jake.
98) 7) dialog: Sit down!
98) 9) dialog: It's over, Jake. It's all over.
98) 11) dialog: Wake up! Stop playing with yourself. It's finished. JEZZIE stares at JACOB with a frightening, powerful glare lips snarl. Her tongue begins darting in and out, only no not a nervous habit but a conscious act. JACOB's body fee first waves of an inner tremor. His legs are shaking.
98) 15) dialog: Your capacity for self-delusion is remarkable, Dr. Singer. JEZZIE's head begins to tighten and squeeze, as though sh suffering from cramps. JACOB watches in horror as her sku birth to pointed horns.
98) 17) dialog: What's wrong, Jake? (she mocks him)
98) 21) dialog: (smiling and then laughing)
98) 23) text: A most romantic creation. You're quite a dreamer, Jake. Only it's time to wake up. JACOB's eyes are locked on JEZZIE. His mouth is wide open body is shaking badly. He tries to back away from her but legs barely move.
98) 24) dialog: There is nowhere to run, Jacob. You're home. Suddenly the pictures on the wall crash to the floor. Pla from the ceiling breaks off in huge chunks and slams to t carpet. Light bulbs and lamps explode. JACOB runs to the pulls it open and screams. He is on the edge of a fiery a JEZZIE laughs with a new intensity of demonic force. JACO around.
98) 27) dialog: How many times have you asked me that? How many times?
98) 30) dialog: (with consummate power)
98) 31) text: You know who I am. Suddenly JEZZIE reaches for her tongue and pulls at it wi her might. It is an act of total, unrelieved grotesquenes each yank the horror grows as JEZZIE literally pulls hers inside out before JACOB's eyes. The emerging creature is JEZZIE transfigured, a demonic p beyond anything we have seen before. It is black and cove a thick oozing slime. Its head, still recognizable as JEZ rodent-like, with piercing green eyes and terrible horns  protruding from its brow. Its powerful arms have long spi claws. Its feet are cloven hooves. Extending from its bac long, thick, muscular tail that whips around the room wit devastating force. It throws furniture crashing through t A sudden cracking sound emerges from the DEMON's back. Da penetrate the air. JACOB is breathless as huge wings unfo spread out to the living room walls. The sound of their f is deafening. The walls shatter from their blows. As they darkness appears on the other side. There are no other ro VOID envelops them. The INFERNO emerges in all directions DEMON roars.