15) 0) text: CUT ON A SCREAM to JACOB in a CHIROPRACTOR'S OFFICE. He i long leather padded device that looks like an instrument LOUIS, the Chiropractor, is a giant of a man, 280 pounds. adjusting JACOB's spine.
15) 1) dialog: Come on, Jake. That didn't hurt.
15) 3) dialog: I know you. How come you're so tense today?
15) 5) dialog: I saw Sarah the other day.
15) 7) dialog: A bit.
15) 9) dialog: Turn on your right side. (he turns on his left)
15) 13) dialog: Who?
15) 15) dialog: Not much. She's like you that way. Two clams. No wonder your marriage didn't last. Put your hand under your head. Take a breath and then let it out. He makes a rapid adjustment pushing down on JACOB's thigh groans.
15) 16) dialog: (continuing)
15) 19) dialog: She says she can't get them new coats because you haven't sent the alimony for three months.
15) 22) dialog: She said you were a son of a bitch and she regrets the day she set eyes on you.
15) 24) dialog: She didn't. That's about all she said. Put your hand up. Good. I think she still loves you. Take a breath and let it out. He makes an adjustment. JACOB screams.
15) 26) dialog: Right. She doesn't stop talking about you. You're always on her mind. That's love, Jake.
15) 28) dialog: You should go back to her.
15) 30) dialog: Her problem is that you spent eight years getting a PhD and then went to work for the post office.
15) 32) dialog: (looking at JACOB with affection)
15) 35) dialog: Wiggle your toes. JACOB wiggles his toes. At that instant, LOUIS twists JAC rapidly. There is a loud cracking sound.
16) 4) dialog: I had to get in there. A deep adjustment. Rest a moment and let it set a bit.
16) 6) dialog: What?
16) 8) text: You know, you look like an angel, Louis, an overgrown cherub. Anyone ever tell you that?
16) 9) dialog: Yeah. You. Every time I see you. No more Errol Flynn, okay? Your back won't take it. You tell your girl friend to calm down if she knows what's good for you.
16) 11) dialog: I know.
62) 0) text: There is a loud commotion in the HALL. We see LOUIS SCHWA chiropractor, screaming JACOB's name.
62) 1) dialog: Jacob! Jacob Singer! JACOB yells.
63) 0) text: LOUIS storms through JACOB's door followed by several NUR ORDERLIES.
63) 2) dialog: 
63) 5) dialog: Good God, Jake. What have they done? (he examines JACOB and screams at the NURSES)
63) 8) text: What is this, the Inquisition? Why don't you just burn him at the stake and put him out of his misery? LOUIS charges over to the traction equipment and begins w pulleys that suspend JACOB over the bed. The NURSES and O become instantly hysterical and start screaming.
63) 10) dialog: Don't you come near me.
63) 12) dialog: What is this, a prison? Stay back.
63) 14) dialog: (to the ORDERLIES)
63) 15) text: You take one step and I'll wrap this around your neck. LOUIS lowers JACOB into a wheelchair while holding the ot
63) 16) dialog: (continuing)
64) 0) text: LOUIS helps JACOB over to an adjusting table in a room th with the hospital, is comfortable and serene. He pushes a table rises to a vertical position. JACOB leans against i down to a horizontal position. Every moment is agony for
64) 1) dialog: Half an hour from now and you'll be walking out of here all by yourself. Mark my words. (JACOB barely hears them)
64) 4) text: Am I dead, Louis? (LOUIS leans over to hear)
64) 6) dialog: (smiling)
64) 9) dialog: Well, I'll see what I can do about it.
64) 11) dialog: (working on JACOB's spine like a master mechanic)
64) 13) text: How did you ever get your Doctorate without reading Eckart? (LOUIS takes hold of JACOB's legs and yanks them swiftly)
64) 14) text: Good. Okay, let's turn over gently. Right side. JACOB turns to his left. LOUIS shakes his head in dismay.
64) 15) dialog: The other "right," okay? (he helps JACOB turn over)
64) 17) text: Eckart saw Hell, too. LOUIS positions JACOB's other arm, bends his legs, and th on his thigh. His spine moves with a cracking sound. JACO
64) 18) dialog: (continuing)
64) 20) dialog: (continuing)
64) 21) text: Wonderful. So the way he sees it, if you're frightened of dying and hold- ing on, you'll see devils tearing your life away. But if you've made your peace then the devils are really angels freeing you from the earth. It's just a matter of how you look at it, that's all. So don't worry, okay? Relax. Wiggle your toes. JACOB's toes dance as LOUIS gives him a quick, unexpected lower vertebrae in his back.
64) 22) dialog: (continuing)
64) 23) text: Perfect. We got it. (LOUIS pushes a lever and the table rises back up)
64) 26) dialog: You can do it. Come on. Easy. Just give it a try. JACOB steps cautiously away from the table. He moves hesi deliberate restraint. LOUIS encourages him like a faith h the lame. His first steps have an aura of the miraculous JACOB walks slowly, without help. LOUIS smiles impishly. a giant cherub.
64) 27) dialog: Hallelujah. LOUIS puts his arm around him. Then JACOB tries again, gr rediscovering his balance and strength. With each step hi returns. LOUIS is pleased. Then, suddenly, without warnin and heads toward the door.
64) 28) dialog: What are you doing?
64) 30) dialog: What are you talking about? You can barely stand.
64) 32) dialog: Jake, you need to rest.
84) 33) text: This isn't happening. New terrible sounds arise, chain saws slashing through th and sabers ripping through space with unrelenting anger. explode past his head. It is as though all the sounds of are closing in on him. JACOB yells but his own voice is l melee. Terrified, he looks heavenward, as if crying for h Suddenly, from the noise, a calm voice rises, speaking, a distance. It is LOUIS. JACOB is shocked to hear him. He s motionless.
84) 34) dialog: If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart. If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world. The voice fades. JACOB just stands there, not sure what t the sounds return. Only now they are more terrifying than Hideously loud, they become a cacophony of sounds, voices friends, lovers, the sounds of battle, fighting, and dyin JACOB looks up and sees the creature in the center of the sounds seem to emenate from it. The more JACOB stares at they become. After a moment, JACOB takes a huge breath. W great resolve forming inside him. Then, slowly, courageou moving toward it. NEw and more terrifying noises assault JACOB, attempting back, but he will not be stopped. He continues walking to creature. In the hallway a standing lamp slams sparking to the floo back and forth like a living thing, with a maddening hypn regularity. Doors slam open and closed, unlatching, snapp with deafening force. The room itself seems like an organ It is alive, angry, and threatening. The CREATURE sits in the midst of the insanity like the s madness itself. It writhes, contorts and vibrates with un fury. JACOB, terrified, but unrelenting, continues to app AS THE CAMERA DRAWS CLOSER TO THE CREATURE'S HEAD the den featureless form overwhelms the screen. It is like starin emptiness itself, the ultimate darkness. With superhuman effort JACOB grabs hold of the creature. grabbing hold of a live wire. His body begins shaking unc like a man being electrocuted. He is flying in all direct not let go. His fingers claw at the creature's head. JACO defiantly with the monster. Suddenly a terrible voice emerges from within it.