31) 0) text: JACOB's DOCTOR reaches down to help him out of the tub. S JEZZIE and MRS. CARMICHAEL are standing there too. JACOB in total confusion.
68) 1) dialog: Jacob? Hi. I'm Michael Newman. Friends call me Mike. JACOB is startled when he sees him. He is the same YOUNG appeared throughout the film, assisting JACOB in moments
68) 2) dialog: (continuing)
68) 5) dialog: Observation, mainly. Clinical study. You were one of the survivors. A POLICE CAR passes them on the street. MICHAEL grabs JAC and turns him away nervously.
68) 6) dialog: (continuing)
68) 9) dialog: So first I'm arrested, right? Best LSD I ever made, right down the drain. I figure this is it, twenty years in the joint, if I'm lucky. That was '68.
68) 11) dialog: (nodding his head)
68) 15) dialog: No shit. They had me by the balls. Next thing I know I'm in Saigon ... in a secret lab synthesizing mind- altering drugs. Not the street stuff mind you. They had us isolating special properties. The dark side, you know? They wanted a drug that increased aggressive tendencies.
68) 17) dialog: Right. They were worried. They figured you guys were too soft. They wanted something to stir you up, tap into your anger, you know? And we did it. The most powerful thing I ever saw. Even a bad trip, and I had my share, never compared to the fury of the Ladder.
68) 19) dialog: That's what they called it. A fast trip right down the ladder. (he makes a downward dive with his hand)
68) 21) dialog: (continuing)
68) 24) text: They were worse than the monkeys. I never knew men could do such things. The whole thing still blows me away. MICHAEL stands up and begins walking in circles around th astounded, gets up and walks beside him.
68) 25) dialog: (continuing)
68) 28) dialog: A couple days later they decided to use the Ladder, on one test battalion. Yours. Just in an infintessimal dose in the food supply, to prove its effectiveness in the field. They were sure your unit would have the highest kill ratio in the whole goddamn offensive. And you did, too. But not the way they tnought. JACOB is beginning to shake. MICHAEL pulls a container of his jacket pocket.
68) 29) dialog: (continuing)
68) 32) dialog: A couple of days later. It was fierce. You guys never saw it.
68) 34) dialog: Yeah. But not with the Cong.
68) 36) dialog: You killed each other. JACOB's mouth drops open. The words hit him like a truck.
69) 2) dialog: It was brother against brother. No discrimination. You tore each other to pieces. I knew it would happen. I warned them. I WARNED THEM. But I was just a hippie chemist, right? Jesus! And I helped 'em make the stuff ... I talked to the guys who bagged the bodies. They're in worse shape than you, believe me. They saw what was left. It's a blessing you don't remember. Of course the brass covered the whole thing up right away. Blamed it all on a surprise attack. he pauses)
69) 3) text: I needed to find you. The Ladder was my baby. Tears start flowing down MICHAEL's face. He wipes them wi It takes him a moment to regain his composure. JACOB is s MICHAEL takes off his jacket, drapes it over JACOB, and l the wooden planks overhanging the water. They sit and gaz JERSEY SHORE. CUT TO A WIDE SHOT OF MICHAEL AND JACOB in pre-dawn light
69) 4) dialog: I always suspected the effects might come back. That's why I had to follow you. I had a hell of a time getting hold of your records.
69) 6) dialog: The truth can kill, my friend. Five hundred men died out there. This isn't a story they'd ever want out. When Paul's car blew up I realized the scope of the thing. I knew they meant business.
69) 8) dialog: Because I can get rid of the demons. I can block the Ladder. I have an antidote. We can kill them off, chemically speaking. They'll all disappear. It's chemistry, my friend. I know. I created it. Come with me. I can help.
70) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL enter a sleazy HOTEL near the docks, ob frequented by a gay clientele. JACOB is uncomfortable as MICHAEL, however, seems to know the ropes. They go to a s
70) 2) dialog: Sometimes. When it's convenient.
70) 4) dialog: Hey, I'm not the problem. You've got bigger problems than me. MICHAEL reaches into his pocket and casually extracts a v
70) 5) dialog: (continuing)
70) 8) dialog: I'd hoped I'd never have to. Just open your mouth and stick out your tongue.
70) 10) dialog: Don't worry. Take it. It'll free your head. Come on.
70) 13) dialog: "Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil," but no one ever said I wouldn't be shittin' in my pants every step of the way, huh? (JACOB smiles, his mouth open)
70) 17) dialog: It's strong stuff. JACOB stretches out on the bed. He stares up at the ceili examines its pock-marked lunar look. Long cracks and shal erode the surface. It is an alien terrain.
70) 19) dialog: Pleasant dreams. The words send a jolt through JACOB's body. He tries to g can't. He's frightened.
70) 21) dialog: Just relax.
70) 25) dialog: Take it! JACOB fights him, but MICHAEL forces the entire contents eyedropper down his throat. JACOB gags. He tries to spit can't. Suddenly the ceiling erupts in violent clashes as whole c off and collide like continental plates. The collisons wr the DEMONS, chopping and dismembering them. Body parts fa ceiling like a Devil's rain. Horrible screams echo from t
70) 26) dialog: (continuing)
70) 27) text: Don't fight it. It's your own mind. It's your own fears. Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thunde war in the heavens. It is a scene of raw power and growin It builds in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling exp eyes stare into the formlessness expanding around him. Al becoming a dark liquid void. Gradually the liquid grows bluer, clearer. There is an un to the imagery, a feeling of womb-like comfort. Strange l and sparkle before us like sunlight on the ocean. JACOB i upward, toward the surface. With the delirious sound of water giving way to air, JACO through. To his amazement, he finds himself floating out- shimmering sunlit water. Above him are clouds of such won that they cannot possibly be of the earth. Pillars of gol reach down from the heavens creating a cathedral of light vision of heaven, a vast, almost mythic paradise. JACOB i A sudden movement catches his attention. He looks over an standing before him. Only MICHAEL looks different. His fa radiate an inner light, a transcendental beauty. JACOB is blinded by his presence and must shield his eyes to look
70) 28) dialog: So, how you doin'? The casualness of the words catches JACOB by surprise. He his shock and amazement, he finds that he is back in THE MICHAEL is standing at the foot of the bed. JACOB is tota disoriented. His eyes move slowly around the room, taking in. He doesn't speak.
70) 29) dialog: (continuing)
70) 31) dialog: (continuing)
70) 34) dialog: Better living through chemistry, that's my motto.
71) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL are walking through the STREETS OF GREE It is early MORNING and the sidewalks are bustling with P stares into their faces and beams when they smile back. M JACOB's happiness.
72) 0) text: JACOB and MICHAEL walk through WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK.
72) 2) dialog: Well that's good to know.
72) 4) dialog: Glorious. I'm not surprised. I fed you enough of that stuff to send a horse to heaven. I'm just glad you came back.
72) 6) dialog: I'm sure. You've got nothing but troubles waitin' for you here. He points to two POLICEMEN on the far side of the SQUARE.
72) 7) dialog: (taking JACOB's arm)
73) 0) text: The TWO MEN head up to GRAMERCY PARK and stop in front of PARK HOTEL. Reaching into his wallet, MICHAEL pulls out a credit cards and hands one to JACOB.
73) 1) dialog: Here. I've got every credit card ever printed. Take this. Stay here till you can arrange to get away. It's on me.
73) 3) dialog: What? You want the Plaza? Don't be foolish. Here. Take this, too. (he pulls out a business card)
73) 6) dialog: Save the words ... Just send back my credit card. MICHAEL laughs, hugs JACOB, and walks away.
77) 0) text: JACOB bursts into the MAIN TERMINAL. He sees someone rush main doors and speeds after him. HOMELESS PEOPLE, huddlin corridors, watch as they run past. Escaping to the street disappears in the holiday throngs. JACOB, crazed, stands breath. His fists dig into his coat pocket. Suddenly he f and seems surprised when MICHAEL's CARD emerges in his ha
79) 0) text: JACOB charges into the dark space groping for a light. He LOFT is a disaster area. Nothing is standing. JACOB runs room. In the back he discovers a large private chemistry vials and bottles are shattered on the floor. JACOB rifles through the cabinets. A few bottles are inta labels mean nothing to him. He reaches for one cabinet and notices a reddish liquid o the bottom. He opens it. MICHAEL's severed head stares hi It is smiling. A scream rings out as the MAN from upstairs sees what JAC JACOB jumps back, trips, and falls over MICHAEL's headles lying sprawled across the floor.
95) 25) dialog: Take it! JACOB fights him but MICHAEL forces the entire contents o eyedropper down his throat. JACOB gags. He tries to spit but can't. Suddenly the ceiling erupts in violent clashes as whole c break off and collide with one another like continental p The collisions wreak havoc on the DEMONS, chopping and  dismembering them. Body parts fall from the ceiling like Devil's rain. Horrible screams echo from the other side. Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thunde like a war in the heavens. It is a scene of raw power and catastrophe. It builds in fury and rage until suddenly th ceiling explodes. Matter atomizes instantly. Trillions of particles hurl  chaotically in all directions. The walls shatter into a d brightness. For a moment there is a sense of intense forw movement, a rush toward oblivion. And then, suddenly, it There is absolute quiet and stillness. JACOB's eyes stare into the formlessness sparkling around All space has become a shining void. Gradually faint past colors appear like colored molecules, dancing and spinnin redirecting space into new formations. They weave pattern intricate complexity and stunning beauty. As the colors grow brighter and more vivid their abstract gives way to solid form. A GARDEN SCENE emerges. It is a OF LIGHT, a vast, almost mythic, Rousseau paradise. It ra an intense shimmering light. JACOB's eyes are cpativated by the vision before him. A s movement catches his attention. He looks up and notices M still standing beside him. MICHAEL, however, is rapidly c form. It is a full, plastic, three-dimensional metamorpho very flesh seems to expand and glow with its own inner li face shines and radiates an almost transcendental beauty. JACOB is nearly blinded by MICHAEL's presence and must sh eyes to look at him. MICHAEL smiles an extraordinary and smile that radiates such intense luminosity that JACOB ha squint to see it. Suddenly MICHAEL steps off the ground. He rises into the floats above JACOB. JACOB can barely breathe as he watche MICHAEL rises into a sky filled with orbs and blazing lig lights shine on JACOB's head. He effervesces and shimmers their glow. One of the orbs sends a burst of light exploding over JAC intense is the light that JACOB grabs his eyes. As he ope again he sees that the GARDEN is fading back into pure li MICHAEL, too, is fading. Another burst of light and the GARDEN is reabsorbed by th Only the brightness remains. It is many seconds before we that the HOTEL ROOM is coming together, reconstructed by light. In moments it is fully formed. Sunlight is pouring the window. MICHAEL is sleeping lightly in a chair. He he JACOB stare and sits up. JACOB is sitting on the bed. He does not seem to know whe is. His eyes are filled with awe. They move slowly around room, taking everything in. He doesn't speak. MICHAEL get sits beside him. He respects his silence.
98) 48) dialog: I am with you, Jacob. JACOB stares at him through dark eyes with a mixture of a disbelief.
98) 49) dialog: (speaking with a gentle compassion)
98) 50) text: It's all right now. It's over. You've won. You're here. (JACOB stares at him questioningly. MICHAEL reaches out his hands)
98) 51) text: Trust me. Softly MICHAEL places his hands on top of JACOB's head an to peel at the charred flesh. Layer by layer he strips it Then, with an unexpected gesture, he rips away a whole se with one quick pull. A BLAZE OF LIGHT bursts through the hole in JACOB's head and beams into the air around them. astounding sight.
98) 52) dialog: Come on. Don't make me do it all. (his eyes sparkle)
98) 55) dialog: Stop hobbling. Your flesh can't hold you anymore. JACOB nods in response and takes a huge, gigantic breath. lungs expand and suddenly all the old flesh bursts from h as a radiant being of light breaks through beneath it. JA stands transfigured, filled with his own luminosity. His like a child's as he stares in amazement at his own hands glowing with light. MICHAEL directs JACOB's vision to the sunrise. It is maje almost Biblical in its grandeur. Great rays of light pene vast cloud formations and descend into the GARDEN. Slowly clouds, as if orchestrated by some higher power, begin to massive light complex emerges from behind them. JACOB wat awestruck, as the CELESTIAL STAIRWAY stands revealed. It down from unknown heights, radiating an infinite power an It touches down far in the distance, hovering over many a teh GARDEN. JACOB's eyes are filled with its splendor. MI looks at him and nods.
98) 56) dialog: Go on, Jacob. It has come for you. JACOB cannot speak. His eyes are fixed on the STAIRWAY da him from afar. He can see ANGELIC FORMS moving up and dow Suddenly, as if transported by light itself, he feels him floating up into the air. He looks down upon EDEN sparkli him. His mouth is wide open as he soars above it. The light pulsating from the STAIRWAY is brilliant and th JACOB's own inner light intensifies as he approaches it. STAIRWAY grows increasingly wondrous as we draw nearer. I JACOB toward it. STREAMS OF ANGELS enter the STAIRWAY like a fast flowing It carries them instantly within its current up beyond th visible reaches of the glittering sky. Billowing clouds g parade of colors and the starry heavens seem to part as t STAIRWAY reaches beyond all known dimensions. JACOB stares at the light that is about to absorb him. It moment of total euphoria. He surges into the stream as th brilliant light of the STAIRWAY overwhelms the screen. Slowly the brightness of the screen condenses into a smal light source. An overhead surgical lamp remains stubbornl view.