0) 8) dialog: Jesus, this grass is something else. JACOB SINGER returns to the group, pulling up his pants.
0) 11) dialog: Hey, get off his back.
0) 17) dialog: Goddam!
0) 25) dialog: What the hell ... ? In seconds JERRY is spinning wildly out of control, his h into a terrific blur. He crashes into FRANK with the forc FRANK slams into the ground as all the air rushes from hi begins gasping and hyperventilating. His eyes grow wide a he gulps for air. Fear and confusion sweep across his fac watch, horrified, as FRANK's terror escalates beyond reas out panic. Suddenly FRANK begins howling. He lunges for his bayonet warning, attacks the MEN around him.
0) 26) dialog: God Almighty! PAUL spins out of the way as FRANK's bayonet impales the jumps on top of FRANK and wrestles him into the tall gras to his assistance. JACOB stares at FRANK's face as FRANK struggles beneath h face of a madman.
0) 27) dialog: Good God! What's happening? The sudden chaos is intensified by the sound of fighting behind them. Guns crackle and bursts of light penetrate t sky.
0) 30) dialog: They're coming! Gunfire explodes on all sides. Suddenly PAUL flips out. H screaming uncontrollably, ripping at his clothes and skin struggling like four men and JACOB is weakening in his ef restrain him. Bayonets glimmer in the exchange of fire. B More bodies keep coming. The first wave is upon them. ROD shoots into the air. Shadowy forms hurl forward screa banshees. ROD, squinting, jabs with his bayonet, piercing his attacker. Agonizing cries accompany his fall. ROD yan out and stabs again. In the midst of this madness FRANK shoots to his feet and butt of his rifle into JACOB's back. There is a cracking eyes freeze with pain. His hands rush for his spine. As h one of the ATTACKERS jams all eight inches of his bayonet JACOB's stomach. JACOB screams. It is a loud and piercing CUT ON THE SOUND OF THE SCREAM to a sudden rush through a tunnel. There is a sense of enormous speed accelerating t brilliant light. The rush suggests a passage between life but as the light bursts upon us we realize that we are pa a SUBWAY STATION far below the city of NEW YORK.
33) 17) dialog: Jacob Singer?
33) 19) dialog: Paul Gruneger!
33) 22) text: Paul! You son-of-a-bitch, how the hell are you? I haven't seen you in what, five, six, years?
33) 23) dialog: A long time.
33) 25) dialog: Nothin' much.
33) 27) dialog: I need to see you, Jake.
33) 29) dialog: I need to see you.
34) 0) text: JACOB and PAUL are driving through EAST NEW YORK heading WILLIAMSBURG. The elevated trains rumble above them. JACO the back.
34) 2) dialog: I work in a bakery.
34) 4) dialog: Count 'em on one hand.
34) 6) dialog: No joke. Fuckin' army! That goddamn war. I'm still fightin' it.
34) 8) dialog: You tellin' me? How many times can you die, huh? PAUL looks in his rear view mirror before changing lanes. black car tagging close behind him. He pulls out. So does
34) 9) dialog: (continuing)
34) 12) dialog: You and everybody else. God I hate this area. Makes me nervous.
34) 14) dialog: I just need to talk.
34) 16) dialog: I'm not sure where I can talk anymore.
34) 18) dialog: Let's get a couple drinks, okay? (he looks at his rear view mirror)
34) 22) dialog: Pull the mirror down on the sun visor. (JACOB does)
34) 25) dialog: I don't know.
34) 27) dialog: Yeah. JACOB notices PAUL's left arm. It is shaking. The black c the left. Both PAUL and JACOB stare at it as it speeds by
35) 0) text: JACOB and PAUL are sitting in a dark booth in an obscure BAR. It is nearly empty. PAUL is leaning across the table intimate fashion.
35) 1) dialog: Somethin's wrong, Jake. I don't know what it is but I can't talk to anybody about it. I figured I could with you. You always used to listen, you know? JACOB nods. PAUL takes a sip of his drink and stares deli JACOB's eyes.
35) 2) dialog: (continuing)
35) 4) dialog: (continuing)
35) 8) dialog: They've been followin' me. They're comin' outta the walls. I don't trust anyone. I'm not even sure I trust you. But I gotta talk to someone. I'm gonna fly outta my fuckin' mind. PAUL cannot contain his fear. He jumps up suddenly and wa the booth. JACOB follows him with his eyes but does not g YOUNG MAN in the next booth observes the scene with inter vaguely familiar, like we have seen him before. PAUL stares out the window for a moment and then walks ov box. He pulls a quarter out of his pocket and drops it in finger pushes a selection at random. Some '60's rock hit JACOB's mind is reeling by the time PAUL sits back down.
35) 9) dialog: (continuing)
35) 12) dialog: I don't know who they are, or what they are. But they're gonna get me and I'm scared, Jake. I'm so scared I can't do anything. I can't go to my sisters. I can't even go home.
35) 14) dialog: They're waitin' for me, that's why. PAUL's hand starts to shake. The tremor spreads rapidly t body. The booth begins to rattle.
35) 15) dialog: (continuing)
35) 16) text: I can't stop it. I try. Oh God! Help me Jake. JACOB slides quickly out of his side of the booth and mov PAUL. He puts his arm around him and holds him tightly, o comfort as best he can. PAUL is obviously terrified and grateful for JACOB's gest PEOPLE at the bar look over in their direction.
35) 18) dialog: (crying)
35) 21) text: Paul, I know what you're talking about.
35) 22) dialog: What do you mean?
35) 24) dialog: (staring at JACOB)
35) 27) dialog: God almighty. I thought I was the only one.
35) 29) dialog: Oh God. I know. I know.
35) 31) dialog: They keep telling me I'm already dead, that they're gonna tear me apart, piece by piece, and throw me into the fire. (he fumbles in his coat pocket and pulls out a small Bible and silver cross)
35) 35) dialog: She said I haven't been the same since then. Since that night. There's still this big hole in my brain. It's so dark in there, Jake. And these creatures. It's like they're crawling out of my brain. What happened that night? Why won't they tell us?
35) 37) dialog: They're monsters, Jake. We're both seein' 'em. There's gotta be a connection. Something. JACOB leans back in the booth, his mind racing. The YOUNG next booth is watching them with rapt attention.
36) 0) text: PAUL and JACOB are in the MEN'S ROOM. PAUL flushes the ur
36) 1) dialog: I'm afraid to go by myself anymore. I keep thinkin' one of 'em's gonna come up behind me. Somethin's wrong when a guy can't even take a leak by himself. I've seen 'em take people right off the street. I used to go home a different way every night. Now I can't even go home.
36) 3) dialog: What about your girlfriend? You don't think she'll mind?
37) 0) text: The TWO MEN leave the bar on a dingy side street. It is c Christmas lights seem ludicrous dangling in the bar's fro PAUL looks at them and smiles.
37) 1) dialog: Merry Christmas. PAUL steps into the street and walks to the driver's side He pulls out his keys and opens the door. JACOB looks dow sidewalk and notices a dime.
43) 0) text: JACOB'S OLD ARMY BUDDIES are sitting together in Paul's l talking. PAUL'S WIFE can be seen in the BEDROOM. Several comforting her. JEZZIE is talking to a small group of LADIES in the DININ nibbling off a tray of cold cuts. PAUL'S SISTER is with h seem to be having a lively, almost intimate, conversation JACOB and his BUDDIES are drinking beer. They all have a defeated look about them.
45) 8) dialog: Wow! Do you think we have a chance?