0) 3) dialog: (to JACOB, a soldier squatting several yards away)
0) 9) dialog: Why even bother to pull 'em up?
0) 12) dialog: It's called philosophizing, right Professor? JACOB gives them the finger.
0) 18) dialog: Gimme that joint!
0) 23) dialog: What's going on? Before anyone can answer JERRY grabs his head, screaming. frantically in all directions.
0) 28) dialog: Behind you! Look out! This is it! The MEN spin around. PAUL panics and jumps to his feet, l alone with FRANK. FRANK's eyes burn with demonic force as his strength.
43) 3) dialog: Bullshit. Someone's covering somethin'. That was no accident.
43) 5) dialog: Cars don't explode that way. Any simpleton knows that.
43) 7) dialog: That was set. I'm tellin' you.
43) 18) dialog: What'd he say that for? What made him say that? Strange, huh? Strange.
43) 27) dialog: In one end, out the other, huh George? GEORGE tries to smile as he hurries to the bathroom. His out of control and beer is spilling on the carpet as he w
43) 28) dialog: (continuing)
44) 2) dialog: You're seeing ... ?
44) 4) dialog: What are you tellin' me? They're from the Bronx?
44) 8) dialog: What's that have to do with anything?
44) 12) dialog: It's not worth goin' over again and again. Whatever happened, happened. It's over.
44) 14) dialog: Shit!
44) 17) dialog: Dr. Carlson's dead?
44) 24) dialog: Not me, buddy.
44) 28) dialog: Come on, Professor. The army's not gonna give you any answers. You'll be buttin' your head against a stone wall.
44) 30) dialog: Not my head, buddy. Not me. I'm gettin' a headache just listenin' to you.
44) 32) dialog: I say you should get a shrink.
44) 35) dialog: You guys are fucking paranoid. It was bad grass. That's all it was. There's no such thing as demons.
45) 0) text: JACOB, FRANK, JERRY, GEORGE, DOUG, and ROD are sitting on in the LAW OFFICE of DONALD GEARY. GEARY, a red-faced man chins, is sucking on an ice cube. He looks at each of the spits the ice cube into an empty glass. It clinks.
69) 0) text: Gunfire explodes in the darkening sky. We are in Vietnam. the bottom of a trench fighting with FRANK. Chaos surroun are screaming. The ENEMY is storming at them from the rea his bayonet and jams it into the belly of his ATTACKER. I after a series of jabs that he sees it's another American ROD's eyes go blank with confusion and terror.
69) 1) dialog: Oh my God! WHAT'S HAPPENING? JACOB looks up from the trench and sees a continuing wave SOLDIERS bearing down on them. FRANK jumps up, knocking J ground and slamming his rifle into JACOB's back. As he sp JACOB sees another SOLDIER charging at him. His bayonet i JACOB's stomach. For the first time JACOB remembers the f attacker. He is a YOUNG MAN, about 19 years old, clean cu glasses. The two men stare at each other in terrible conf seems like a moment out of time. And then the SOLDIER lur and rams his bayonet deep into JACOB's abdomen. CUT TO MICHAEL BACK ON THE PIER. JACOB is ashen-faced.
89) 7) text: Help me! His eyes focus on the moon. Rings of light emanate from i filling the sky with their sparkling brilliance. The ring us forward with a quickening intensity that grows into  exhilarating speed. The rush causes them to flash  stroboscopically and produce a dazzling, almost sensual, color. The display is spectacular and compelling. A voice heard in the distance.
98) 31) text: You know who I am. Suddenly JEZZIE reaches for her tongue and pulls at it wi her might. It is an act of total, unrelieved grotesquenes each yank the horror grows as JEZZIE literally pulls hers inside out before JACOB's eyes. The emerging creature is JEZZIE transfigured, a demonic p beyond anything we have seen before. It is black and cove a thick oozing slime. Its head, still recognizable as JEZ rodent-like, with piercing green eyes and terrible horns  protruding from its brow. Its powerful arms have long spi claws. Its feet are cloven hooves. Extending from its bac long, thick, muscular tail that whips around the room wit devastating force. It throws furniture crashing through t A sudden cracking sound emerges from the DEMON's back. Da penetrate the air. JACOB is breathless as huge wings unfo spread out to the living room walls. The sound of their f is deafening. The walls shatter from their blows. As they darkness appears on the other side. There are no other ro VOID envelops them. The INFERNO emerges in all directions DEMON roars.