2) 0) text: JACOB enters the rumbling passageway between the cars. Th against the rails. The dark tunnel walls flash by. He pul on the door to the next car. It is stuck. He struggles wi sitting alone inside turns to look at him. She seems thre effort. He motions for her to help. She turns away. A look of disgust crosses JACOB's face. He kicks the door open. The WOMAN seems frightened as he approaches her.
2) 4) dialog: (speaking with a Puerto Rican accent)
6) 0) text: JACOB enters the darkness without turning on the light. H navigate his way to the BATHROOM, illuminated by a tiny n the distance. His effort is unsuccessful. He bangs loudly A WOMAN"s voice calls out.
11) 0) text: A heavyset WOMAN with a dark tan is standing behind a cou with laundry. A picture of Richard Nixon is still stapled She looks at JACOB.
11) 1) dialog: Where do you expect me to put those? I don't have any room. She tries clearing the counter, but it doesn't help.
11) 2) dialog: (continuing)
11) 6) dialog: I know. That's why I'm asking. JACOB waddles reluctantly toward the back of the store. C LAUNDERERS are hovering over piles of clothes. Steam from machines shoots into the air.
11) 9) dialog: That's what I'd like to know. If you see him on the street somewhere, tell him he's fired. JACOB stoops to put the boxes on the shelf. There is a sn and he winces in pain. Massaging his back, JACOB unfolds for the WOMAN's signature.
11) 11) dialog: Hot. Where do I sign?
11) 14) dialog: Tan? What tan? It faded on the airplane. I'd try to get my money back, but who do you ask? (she looks heavenward)
11) 18) dialog: If you're lucky. JACOB smiles to himself as he leaves the store. He walks back is out.
22) 22) dialog: Hold me, baby! She takes JACOB's arm and guides it to her back. THE CAME hand as it reaches the smooth skin beneath her sexy, loos dress. He runs his fingers up to her shoulder blades. The he recoils. Her back is a mass of shoulder blades, hundre bony protrusions. JACOB gasps. Out of the blue, JEZZIE le and wiggles her tongue in his ear. JACOB, startled, jerks his glasses go flying to the floor.
24) 2) dialog: Jake, you little devil. You never told me you could dance like that.
24) 36) dialog: Is he sick?
28) 9) text: What a dream I was having. I was living with another woman ... You know who it was?
33) 14) text: You are the most unbelievable woman I have ever met. One second you're a screaming banshee and the next you're Florence Nightingale. Who are you? That's what I want to know. Will the real Jezzie Pipkin please stand up. Suddenly the telephone rings. It startles them.
96) 0) text: JACOB enters the HOTEL ROOM. JEZZIE is already there watc evening news. She is still in her postal uniform, lying o bed. She taps the mattress, inviting JACOB to lie next to WOMAN is crying to a REPORTER on the T.V.
96) 1) dialog: It's been four days. No word. It's not like him. He's never done any- thing like this before. It's like he just disappeared from the face of the earth.