10) 0) text: Becca gets out of her car, grabs the garbage bag of cloth from her trunk, and makes her way to the Goodwill drop-bo Once there, she considers what she's about to do for just moment, and then lifts the bag into the drop box. She tur on her heel and heads back to the car, without looking ba INT. BECCA'S CAR — A MOMENT LATER Becca pulls up to a stoplight, and she takes a deep breat determined to hold it together. A school bus pulls up beside her car, and Becca glances o at it. Sitting in one of the window-seats is a teenage bo facing front. Becca stares at him curiously. And then the grip on her steering wheel tightens. The boy turns his head slightly and for just a second, Be gets a good look - it's JASON WILLETTE, 17. BACK TO BECCA — CONTINUOUS Becca leans forward, trying to get a better view of the b The light changes to green and the bus takes off. Becca, shaken, just watches it go. And then the car behin her starts honking, and Becca is snapped back to reality. She puts her foot on the gas. 23. EXT. ROADS OF LARCHMONT — DAY The school bus rolls through the manicured streets of the town. It stops at a corner to let a couple students off. And then the bus continues on. When it does, Becca's car rolls into frame, keeping a saf distance from the bus she’s trailing.
12) 0) text: The bus has stopped, and Becca pulls up a discreet distan behind it. This time a 14-YEAR-OLD GIRL gets off followed by...Jason, book-bag slung over his shoulder. The Girl wa off in one direction as the bus pulls away. Becca watches as Jason heads in the other direction and u the driveway of a nice house. He slips inside. Becca sits there for awhile. Then finally pulls away. INT. BECCA AND HOWIE’S LIVING ROOM — NIGHT Becca and Howie have settled onto the couch after dinner. Becca sits, lost in thought, holding an empty wine glass.
17) 0) text: Becca is in her car, back in her spot, parked a safe dist from Jason’s house. Finally the school bus pulls up the hill. Becca slumps do in her seat so as not to be seen. The bus pulls over. Becca peeks up over the steering whee and watches as Jason gets off followed by the 14-year-old Girl. She walks off while Jason pauses on the sidewalk to adjust his backpack. The bus pulls away. But instead of heading to his house, Jason walks toward Becca.
19) 0) text: Jason is returning a book to an elderly LIBRARIAN.
19) 2) dialog: No, I know.
19) 4) dialog: Yeah, that's why I'm here.
23) 2) dialog: Are you waiting for me? Becca turns to see Jason standing on the sidewalk behind She's obviously taken aback.
23) 4) dialog: I do.
23) 7) dialog: Not today, no. Today I skipped school.
23) 9) dialog: Why are you waiting for me?
23) 11) dialog: (beat) About what? But she doesn’t respond. Jason isn’t sure what to make of her.
24) 0) text: Jason and Becca sit on a park bench. Way off in the dista children play on a jungle gym.
24) 2) dialog: Yeah. It’s fine.
24) 4) dialog: Um, no. I mean...
24) 7) dialog: I like it alright. 50.
24) 9) dialog: I’ve been accepted to college already, so...
24) 11) dialog: No, it is a big deal, but...only if my mother finds out.
24) 13) dialog: She said she’d confiscate my phone if I did it again. (beat ) Not that I use the phone anyway. Jason nervously picks at the wood of the bench.
24) 15) dialog: Connecticut College.
24) 17) dialog: It's just my mom, but yeah, she's pretty happy about it.
24) 19) dialog: She keeps saying she's gonna apply to the grad program so she can keep an eye on me while I'm up there. (beat ) She's just joking though. Becca nods politely. 51.
24) 20) dialog: She's not really looking forward to it, since I'm the only one at home now, but I told her I'd come back on the weekends if I could.
24) 22) dialog: (simply) So, I'm sorry.
24) 24) dialog: I know that doesn't help, but...
24) 26) dialog: And I know I should've tried to get in touch--
24) 28) dialog: I just really wish I had driven down a different block that day.
24) 30) dialog: You know what? I should maybe go.
24) 32) dialog: My mom’s gonna start to wonder where I’m at-- 52.
24) 34) dialog: Could we do this again sometime?
28) 0) text: Jason is in a secluded corner, working on his comic book. In one panel we see the boy passing through the portal in science lab. And in the next panel we see him falling through a rabbit hole in space. The boy looks terrified. Jason looks up at the clock. Crap, he’s late. He gathers his stuff, and runs. 60. EXT. PARK — DAY Jason sits eating a lemon square. Becca is beside him. There’s a tin of lemon squares between them.
28) 1) dialog: You really made these?
28) 3) dialog: They're good. Still warm.
28) 6) dialog: Yeah? Did you like it?
28) 8) dialog: No. It's research.
28) 10) dialog: It's a comic book. She flips through the pages - more incredible pen and ink drawings: a strange space portal, science fiction action sequences, a pirate sequence, dinosaurs...
28) 12) dialog: Yeah.
28) 14) dialog: A scientist, I guess. And his son. The father discovers this network of holes that leads to other galaxies and, um--
28) 16) dialog: Yeah, but the scientist dies. So the son goes into this rabbit hole to try and find him. But it’s not him, because he's dead, so it’s like another version of him.
28) 18) dialog: I know it's kinda stupid, but...
28) 20) dialog: No? Okay.
28) 22) dialog: (gets uncomfortable) Yeah it’s um... He reaches out and politely takes it back from her, then returns it to his backpack. Silence.
28) 23) dialog: Sorry. It’s just... it’s not done yet. But when it is done, I will let you read it.
28) 26) dialog: Okay.
28) 28) dialog: (interrupts her) I might've been going too fast. (beat) That day. Becca doesn't know what to say.
28) 29) dialog: I'm not sure, but I might’ve been. So...that's something I've been wanting to tell you. She just sits there and listens. Jason's confession is simple and quiet. There's nothing overwrought about it.
28) 30) dialog: It's a thirty zone. And I might've been going thirty-one. Or thirty- two. I would usually look down, to check, and if I was a little over, then I'd slow down obviously. But I don't remember checking on your block, so it's possible I was going too fast. And then the dog ran out really fast, so I swerved. I didn’t know... I didn’t know. A moment between them. 63.
28) 31) dialog: I thought you should know. I might've been going a little over the limit. I can't be positive. Becca feels many things. But mostly she feels badly for h
28) 33) dialog: Okay.
28) 35) dialog: Thank you. INT. GABBY'S CAR — COMMUNITY CENTER PARKING LOT - NIGHT Gabby and Howie are sitting getting stoned again. They sm up in silence for several beats before anyone speaks.
32) 8) dialog: Hello. Hi...um...The door was wide open so... (no response) And I knocked, but... They all stand there, still taken aback by the moment. Ta is still barking.
32) 10) dialog: I saw the sign outside...the Open House sign, so I thought it’d be okay to--
32) 13) dialog: No.
32) 14) dialog: (turns to Becca) I just came to give you this. Jason holds out the "Rabbit Hole" comic book to Becca.
32) 15) dialog: I said I'd let you read it when it was done, so... Becca stands motionless. There's no way out of this. She finally reaches out and takes the book.
32) 21) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't realize-- 79.
32) 27) dialog: I guess.
32) 35) dialog: No, she didn't. 80.
34) 1) text: They're both in bed reading. Becca is engrossed in Jason' comic book. Howie glances over, a bit annoyed by it. We see a panel - the boy in the story is running from an of armor-clad knights. 83. He passes through a portal, and in the next panel he's falling through another rabbit hole. He lands on a suburb block. The thought-bubble over the boy's head reads, "There's my house! I'm back home!" We follow Becca’s eye across the panels. We see the boy a the front door of the house, and the parents staring down him confused. The bubble over the boy’s head reads, “It’s me! Your son!” And the mother’s bubble reads, “But we don have a son.” The next panel: a close-up of the boy’s devastated face. in the next panel, he asks them, “Would you like one?” Becca lets out a little gasp when she sees the picture. Howie looks over, intrigued. But she doesn’t explain.
37) 0) text: Now Becca pulls out of the driveway, and drives off in th opposite direction. As they drive down various suburban roads, we intercut between the two cars. Becca and Howie are both nervous, a eager to get where they're going. INT. BECCA’S CAR — DUSK Becca places the comic book up on the dashboard. INT. HOWIE'S CAR — DUSK Howie checks his teeth in the rearview mirror. 85. INT. BECCA'S CAR — INTERCUT Becca is on her cell phone. We hear Jason’s voice on the outgoing message. Becca hangs up before it’s finished.
40) 0) text: She pulls up Jason's block, and can't help smiling. She's grown to enjoy these encounters with him. But as she gets closer, her smile fades. She's really not expecting to see the scene in front of her.
41) 0) text: Becca stops the car a safe distance away, unnoticed by anyone. There's a limo parked at the bottom of the drivew Becca watches as Jason, in a tuxedo, very self-consciousl pins a corsage to a SKINNY GIRL in a prom dress. 86. JASON'S MOTHER, giddy with pride, takes picture after picture. JASON'S BUDDY and his BUDDY'S DATE heckle them f inside the car. When it's time to go, Jason and his date, move to squeeze the back seat. Lots of good-natured shoving, and big dres flipping up, and laughing. Jason's mother, laughing herself, captures it all on film INT. BECCA'’S CAR — CONTINUOUS It's a relatively benign scene, but Becca watches it as someone might watch a car-wreck - stunned, confused, a li disbelieving... The limo doors close, and as it's about to drive off... ...something huge and uncontrollable opens up inside of Becca, and she begins to cry. A lot. She clutches the steering wheel and pretty much loses it.
42) 0) text: Jason, at the wheel of his car, terror in his eyes, turns see Becca standing outside of her house, trembling, not comprehending at all what she sees. They lock eyes. Though Becca has just seen the body of Danny, we never do We only see Becca and Jason in this moment. And then... INT. LIMO — SIMULTANEOUS (SLO-MO Still laughing, Jason turns for just a moment and sees Becca's car as they roll by. Becca is hysterical but sile behind the glass of her windows. Jason's smile disappears
46) 0) text: He ducks his head in. No one there. INT. DANNY'S ROOM —- CONTINUOUS Howie clicks on the light. Of course there's no one here either. He looks around the room. But there's nothing. Other than the stripped bed, the room is completely empty And slowly, we see Howie’s determination drain out of his body. He’s too late. Becca isn’t here. And he’s convinced she’s actually left him. Spent, Howie sits on the bed, staring off into space. The he quietly takes off his shoes, and lies back on the bed. BACK TO BECCA IN HER CAR - STILL ACROSS FROM JASON’S HOUS The prom car is gone. Becca is alone now. The street is empty again. She finally lets go of the steering wheel. Her crying is pretty much over. But she doesn't start the car. She just sits there.
47) 0) text: Becca is asleep in her car - pretty much where we left he There a little tap-tap-tap at her window. She wakes up, disoriented, and sees Jason outside, still in his tuxedo.
47) 2) dialog: Sorry.
47) 4) dialog: Almost five?
47) 7) dialog: It was okay.
47) 9) dialog: Thank you.
47) 11) dialog: Just a friend.
47) 14) dialog: Thanks.
47) 16) dialog: Not really.
47) 18) dialog: I should read it. Becca flips through the book. Jason undoes his bow-tie.
47) 20) dialog: (beat) No.
47) 22) dialog: No. My dad was an English teacher.
47) 24) dialog: It's just a story.
47) 26) dialog: Reading into it?
47) 29) dialog: Parallel universes?
47) 30) dialog: I think it’s basic science. If space is infinite, then everything is possible. 91. She smiles a little. This was the answer she was hoping f
47) 32) dialog: Sure.
47) 34) dialog: Wherever, yeah. Both. Laws of probability. There are tons of you's out there, and tons of me's.
47) 36) dialog: (beat) I guess.
47) 38) dialog: Assuming you believe in science.