0) 21) dialog: Hello, young man. Congratulations a terrific performance.
0) 25) dialog: The name is Spottswoode
0) 37) dialog: I have an incredible offer for you, Gary, you're interested, fo
0) 39) text: Spottswoode does his ridiculous puppet door.
1) 0) text: Gary follows Spottswoode out the backstage door + alley behind the theater where a very cool and fu white limcusine is waiting.
1) 2) dialog: Please, Gary, step into my car.
1) 10) dialog: k my Yes it is. New suc
1) 14) text: Spottswoode gives 2 wry high speed. EX Ny STREETS NIGH! The Limo races down the as some puppet homeless
1) 24) dialog: you see Gary, three years ago world Crime was at an all time high. Terrorism, separatism, extremism, ALL the isms were threatening world peace. Small countries were being bullied by larger ones, and insane icals were getting their hancs on weapons.
1) 31) dialog: Terrorists come in all shapes and sizes, Gary. There are Middle terrorists, Asian terrorists, terrorists - Buddhist, Christi Muslim terrorists. It's an INTERNATIONAL problem and so the American Government decided that it was time to create an INTERNATISNAL POLICE FORCE. Team America.
1) 35) text: Well, I could it would be bett you. Spottswoode leans forward in his seat.
1) 36) dialog: Driver, I think we can valmorph safely now.
1) 48) dialog: We've selected you to be the newest addition to the team. We need a new spy because we just lost ours. What?! But I'm an actor! That's all sr Acting. And best. An actor with a double. major in engineering and a minor in world languages. Hell, you're the perfect weapon, Gar
1) 71) dialog: Team, I want you to meet Gary. As Spottswoode speaks, the camera moves down the short li of team members.
1) 82) dialog: And finally, we have our sharp shooter. Where's Lisa?
1) 85) dialog: Gary, this is Lisa. (MORE)
1) 97) dialog: Every day we put out small fires that could very easily become very pig fires. We do everything w the world free from rism, but we cannot
1) 101) dialog: We need somebody who can go in
1) 106) text: you're not interested, there's door. Spottswoode gestures to the decor behind Gary. sary looks
1) 139) text: What do you think Spottswoode sees
1) 198) dialog: I know you did, son.
1) 222) dialog: What have you got FONZ?
1) 231) dialog: Hold on team, this could be just what we need Gary for.
1) 233) dialog: If we can get Gary in with the terrorists, we might be able to find out where their funding is coming from.
1) 325) dialog: Come on Gary... ACT... You HAVE the power...
2) 96) text: This is Joe to Spottswoode. Mission cemolish terrorists are down, d Gary | found a
2) 109) text: CLOSE UP on a tray of delicious looking cockta BACK to show Spottswoode setting the cocktails coffee table in front of the team members who a in plain clothes and lounging about comfortably.
2) 127) dialog: Don't let it bother you, Gary. think of all the people here at in America who appreciate what doing.
2) 139) dialog: Fucking commies. Gary watches Spottswoode walk away then turns back to the television. NEWS REPORTER (©. Celebrities from the Film Actor Guild have shown up in mass ne to protest. Alec Saldwin is th head of the Film Actors Guild, ana made this statement.
2) 259) dialog: Oh Jesus, that must be whe Jong Il wants terrorists next!
5) 56) dialog: ‘walking in) a is going to be okay, ¢t
5) 210) dialog: t looks like I made a bringing Gary the am. Well team... It i terrible mistake pussy onto the t 2 Jo You ouldn't know he would betray us, Spotts. 1
6) 70) text: Spottswoode is sitting at the bar with a sc President Baldwin speak on television.
10) 69) text: Cc (super serio I'd do all that (then light) Okay, ready? Spottswoode unzips his pant to see if anybody is watchin
10) 80) dialog: f3urping back) HOLY SHIT, YOU WERE GONNA DO iT! da ha hall!
11) 32) dialog: Not bad, kid, you just out acted Martin Sheen...
12) 222) text: Spottswoode takes out the key and inserts it into the sma MASTERLOCK that holds the doors together. The small key pops the small lock open and the team members can open th doors to reveal - . Inside.the hangar - all of the Team America ships and guns - a beautiful signt as the music climaxes.
12) 301) dialog: of the world is into war; iil Yes, but the r still breaking each other and ing