18) 17) dialog: Look at that demure little head. And all of us wondering what’s inside it.
21) 19) dialog: And when your party is back in power, Duke, will you not do the same?
40) 1) dialog: The Council is assembled, Your Majesty. Lehzen, also in black, is arranging her skirt. Watson and maid are present. The doors are being opened. Victoria do move. Then she locks at Lehzgen, as a child would look to for help. Lehzen nods and Victoria starts to walk out the Watson chases after, handing Victoria some lace mittens s forgotten. Victoria and the Duchess then exit. We move al passages until we reach a door in front of which stands L Chamberlain.
47) 0) text: Victoria comes in. The Duchess of Sutherland is waiting.
47) 1) dialog: The Prime Minister is here, Your Majesty.
47) 4) dialog: To be Mistress of the Robes is a great honour, Ma’am. I’m only anxious to be worthy of it.
47) 6) dialog: Lord Melbourne doesn't know everything.
64) 0) text: The advisor in question, Melbourne, sits with the Queen. the Duchess of Sutherland are with them. Suddenly, as the takes a breath in the dazzling aria...
64) 12) dialog: No, you shouldn't. Victoria is taken aback, but the Duchess tries to explain
64) 13) dialog: There’s a story doing the rounds, Ma'am. I’m sure we should give it no credence,
71) 5) dialog: Sir John, what on earth are you doing here?
71) 7) dialog: You know that’s quite impossible. He lowers his voice. A roar from the crowd outside sends rippling through the room. During this, the acting contin the Duchess returns to her chair next to the Queen. *
71) 8) dialog: Lady Flora Hastings is dying. * Victoria turns to her, aghast. *
71) 9) dialog: It’s true. Cancer of the stomach. Victoria is stunned. She stares at the Duchess. The actor agony. Hesitantly, glancing at each other, they continue. There is a crash. A brick has been thrown through the win showering the company with glass. The actress screams, bu looks back at the Duchess with horrible clarity.
72) 0) text: The Queen kneels, alone in the vast abbey. An equerry, a watchman and the Duchess of Sutherland stand in a side ai watching. Victoria, eyes heavenward, begs for forgiveness INT. LADY FLORA’S BEDROOM. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. DAY. 115 The light is dim and the curtains closed. Victoria is in doorway. The shrunken figure of Lady Flora is on the bed. woman standing by her stiffens as Victoria approaches.
79) 8) dialog: I quite agree.
84) 0) text: At a reception, Albert is with Wellington and Sir Robert Victoria and the Duchess of Sutherland walk over to join