4) 16) dialog: Baron. When did you arrive? My uncle is well, I hope?
4) 18) dialog: What brings you here? Business of his?
12) 0) text: Conroy and Lady Flora hover at the rear. Ernest walks wit Duchess. She ignores him, looking ahead at Victoria who i Albert. The Duchess, glimpsed behind the young couple thr the scene, conveys a powerful sense of Victoria's incarce
14) 10) dialog: They've gone to bed. They said Goodnight. Listen to this. Right now, it takes a day er more to cross England in a coach. By train, the same journey will be achieved in three hours. Isn't that amazing? Trains will change everything. But there is no answer from Albert.
14) 11) dialog: Are you listening? No, he’s daydreaming. A waltz starts to play. INT. MUSIC ROOM. ROSENAU CASTLE. COBURG. GERMANY. DAY. The smiling profile of a Dancing Master in Close Up. He i 21 22 waltzing. As the camera slowly pulls back, we discover he with Albert, who feels ridiculous.
23) 5) dialog: Shouldn't you get over there? The feet belong to Ernest. He looks at Albert, seated beh desk, writing. We see his back, not his face.
23) 7) dialog: When he is dead, there'll be more than one vulture to contend with. What is it? Don’t you like her? Albert stops writing. He crumples the letter and throws i with the others. (CONTINUED)
23) 13) dialog: Then why not tell her how you feel? He leaves. Albert takes another sheet of blue paper... INT. DUCHESS’S DRAWING ROOM. KENSINGTON PALACE. DAY. 34 A fist slams down onto a letter on a table.
54) 1) dialog: What are you playing at? Ernest.is in the doorway, looking very tired and not very Albert cannot put his angry thoughts into words. INT. VICTORIA'S DRESSING ROOM. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. NIGHT. The Queen is being dressed again. (CONTINUED )
63) 0) text: Albert is reading his letter, watched by Ernest.
63) 1) dialog: She’s brought down a government over a handful of ladies?
63) 3) dialog: Then she’s a fool.
63) 5) dialog: Then she had better change her advisor. Or things will get worse before they get better.
74) 11) dialog: After what Melbourne and Conroy have done to ruin her, she'll welcome your proposal like the sun in May.
74) 14) dialog: When you get there, don’t be a spy or Uncle Leopold’s puppet. It’s your life, Albert. Live it. For yourself and for Victoria.
74) 16) dialog: I don’t care. I don’t love him. Albert is more touched by this than he can say. Awkwardly throws a playful punch at his brother. Ernest returns it. they abandon the pretence and hug each other.