4) 21) dialog: in the drawing room, Your Royal Highness. Victoria goes towards a door, followéd by her spaniel, Da footman glances after her.
11) 0) text: Through the window, we see a carriage arriving. A footman down, and the two Coburg princes climb out. Conroy receiv Victoria is watching. *
15) 0) text: The waltz still plays through this scene. By the carriage and the Duchess’s maid wait with a footman, as Victoria, mother, Lady Flora and Conroy emerge. Lehzen follows them
26) 0) text: Through flashbacks, we follow Victoria’s letter: Victoria hands her letter to a Footman. It is addressed t in Germany.
27) 0) text: The Footman gives it to the Duchess of Kent. * MONTAGE.. INT. DUCHESS’S DRAWING ROOM. KENSINGTON. DAY. 4 The Duchess of Kent inserts it in another envelope and se with wax, imprinting it with her cypher. * MONTAGE. INT. GALLERY. LABKEN PALACE. NIGHT. 40c King Leopold passes the letter to Stockmar. MONTAGE. INT. KING LEOPOLD’S LIBRARY. LAEKEN PALACE. NIGH Stockmar puts it back in the envelope and seals it. We no understand why there are two seals on the envelope. *
38) 0) text: Mother and child, hair loose, are at the top of the stair Duchess, in a heavy, damask dressing gown, is in contrast Victoria, who wears a white, lace-trimmed peignoir. As th down, the Duchess holds out her hand and Victoria takes i complaint. At the bottom, in the hall, stands a footman w tousled hair who has struggled into some part of his live
38) 4) dialog: In the drawing room, Ma'am. As Victoria walks forward, her mother makes as if to acco but the daughter stops her with a look and goes alone. * INT. DUCHESS’S DRAWING ROOM. KENSINGTON PALACE. DAWN. 61 In the flickering light of a single candelabra, Victoria through the shadows across the floor. She stops. The arch kneels. Then the tall statesman drops to one knee. Reachi takes her hand and kisses it.
48) 1) dialog: I beg your pardon, Ma'am, but Her Majesty is with the Prime Minister and cannot be disturbed.
48) 3) dialog: I'm very sorry, Ma'am.
80) 14) dialog: The Red Room Dinner, Sir. For the officers guarding the King.
80) 16) dialog: King George III, Sir.
80) 18) dialog: Every night, Sir. absorbs this information. page.94 130