5) 0) text: The white head of King William IV is shaking with anger a shouts at his Prime Minister. This is Lord Melbourne, a h witty, beguiling man in middle age. Queen Adelaide is wit
5) 1) dialog: Is there no limit to this woman's disobedience?
5) 3) dialog: The Duchess wants the country to know more of the Princess!
5) 5) dialog: To make her familiar, you mean? A popular girl who supports your ministry? You would defend it!
5) 9) dialog: You see how Conroy presents her? The young liberal in contrast to the old conservative? She is change and the thrill of the new, but I am stuck in-the mud of history. She is hope and the future, while I am despair and the past. She is life, Lord Melbourne, and I am death! He storms away for a moment. The Queen catches Melbourne’ shakes her head gently. She stands and walks over.
5) 11) dialog: Nonsense. I feel much better.
5) 13) dialog: Maybe not. But she and her mother are tools in the hands of a man who knows how to use them. Mark my words. The reign of King Conroy is coming.
5) 16) dialog: King Leopold is as slippery as a barrel full of eels. If he did dislodge Conroy, it’d only be to tighten his own grip on the girl. He sighs and shakes his head. Melbourne is very smooth.
5) 20) dialog: Wo. We can’t make laws. But we can influence the men who do, That’s what he’s after! And so are you! Don’t tell me you’re not!
5) 22) dialog: Lord in your mercy, get me past May! That * way she’ll be of age and we’ll have killed off the Regency at least!
5) 24) dialog: Oh, very well. Let England get a sight of her future Queen. But I'1l have no broadsides! No cannons and guns in salute. I’m still the monarch here! His face is as red as his hair is white.
20) 4) dialog: Aren't you going to greet your cousin?
20) 6) dialog: How can my little niece and nephew have grown up when I wasn't looking? Victoria slips her arm through her uncle’s.
20) 8) dialog: If I put my head close to yours and speak softly, they'll suspect us of hatching a plot. As he talks, he does exactly this. The company is subdued curiosity. Victoria plays along.
20) 10) dialog: Ah, my dear, I wish we saw more of you. But then, nor you nor I are to blame for that. He gives a cold stare at the Duchess but she looks away. Further down the room, Wellington and Peel whisper softly
20) 16) dialog: Madam, the plain fact is you have stolen seventeen rooms! The Duchess is uncomfortable with the sensation created.
20) 21) dialog: How dare -
21) 22) dialog: First, I thank you for your good wishes on my birthday. This is conventional enough. But his mood is darkening.
21) 23) dialog: It has been a long life and an interesting one and I shall be content with only a short while more. Just enough to dispense with any thought of a Regency, so I may pass the Royal authority directly to that young lady - His voice is growing angrier as he points at Victoria. (CONTINUED )
21) 26) dialog: And not to the hands of a person now near me who is surrounded by evil advisers and who cannot act with propriety in the station in which she’s been placed! Suddenly the company sees that he is punishing his sister The Duchess tenses. He is very angry now.
21) 27) dialog: -I have been insulted - grossly and continually insulted! She has kept her daughter, my brother’s child, from my Court! But from now I’d have her know that I am King! And I will not be flouted or disobeyed by her ox by that jackanapes she keeps about her! He is shouting at the Duchess who blushes with rage. It i much. She stands, flinging her napkin down, knocking glas with a crash, and storms out, sending her chair flying. T total, pin-dropping silence in that vast chamber. Servant guests alike are frozen. Victoria blushes, trembling on t of tears. Wellington whispers to his other neighbour.