4) 34) dialog: Sir John says ~
8) 1) text: 11 12 13 The Young Victoria, PINK REVISIONS, 8th Aug, 2007. page. CONTINUED: il As we dolly in on her face, we pull focus behind her to r three gaolers, the Duchess, Conroy and Lady Flora. A half glance passes between Conroy and Flora, but Victoria’s mo more interested in the audience. In crowded boxes on the we see Peel, Melbourne, Wellington and the Duchess of Sut They in turn watch the Princess, not the stage.
8) 2) dialog: Hurry, scurry, to the little Princess.
9) 0) text: Bellini's music continues. Lehzen carries some hot milk o passing Lady Flora, still in evening dress from the opera
9) 2) dialog: Don’t be too smug. He could save her from a lot of grief if she’d let him.
9) 4) dialog: You’re no better. In fact you're worse. You covet the same thing but at least he admits it.
9) 6) dialog: You’ve tasted power, Baroness, and when she’s queen it'll taste much sweeter. You'll see. But Lehzen has already walked on. 14 The Young Victoria, PINK REVISIONS, 8th Aug, 2007. page.1
12) 0) text: Conroy and Lady Flora hover at the rear. Ernest walks wit Duchess. She ignores him, looking ahead at Victoria who i Albert. The Duchess, glimpsed behind the young couple thr the scene, conveys a powerful sense of Victoria's incarce
15) 0) text: The waltz still plays through this scene. By the carriage and the Duchess’s maid wait with a footman, as Victoria, mother, Lady Flora and Conroy emerge. Lehzen follows them
48) 0) text: The Duchess of Kent and Lady Flora are outside with two f
48) 4) dialog: What a splendid example for the Nation! Fuming, they retreat, watched by the servants. The Young Victoria, PINK REVISIONS, &th Aug, 2007. page. 72 INT. VICTORIA'S SITTING ROOM. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. DAY. The Queen and Minister are almost guilty.
65) 0) text: Footmen and maids are listening. They scramble as a door open and Lady Flora hurries past without a word. She is i The Duchess stands, helpless in the open doorway. * MONTAGE. INT. ALBERT’‘S ROOM. ROSENAU. NIGHT. 107 Victoria and Albert are writing and reading letters to ea We cut back and forth so rapidly that it is as if they we conversing, but the changes of scene, inside and out, and different costumes show that time is passing. Albert, concerned, is writing at his desk.
69) 0) text: The letter, cut out, is pinned on the clippings wall. MONTAGE. INT. KING LEOPOLD’S LIBRARY. LAEKEN PALACE. DAY. King Leopold is looking at a vicious cartoon of Victoria The Duchess of Kent and Lady Flora. He covers his face as the newspaper to Albert. MONTAGE. INT. A WALL IN LONDON. DAY. 109c The cartoon is being pinned to the wall. 109D MONTAGE. INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS. DAY. 110 aii 112 113 The Young Victoria, PINK REVISIONS, 8th Aug, 2007. page. 79
72) 0) text: The Queen kneels, alone in the vast abbey. An equerry, a watchman and the Duchess of Sutherland stand in a side ai watching. Victoria, eyes heavenward, begs for forgiveness INT. LADY FLORA’S BEDROOM. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. DAY. 115 The light is dim and the curtains closed. Victoria is in doorway. The shrunken figure of Lady Flora is on the bed. woman standing by her stiffens as Victoria approaches.
72) 1) dialog: You remember my mother, Your Majesty. (CONTINUED )
72) 6) dialog: Would you leave us, Mama? Just for a moment. The Marchioness is reluctant but she goes.
72) 9) dialog: But it cannot be undone. They stare at each other, Queen and invalid. Then Flora t painful breath.
72) 10) dialog: Well, well... I am not on my deathbed because of your cruelty... She studies the Queen, who is truly at a loss.
72) 11) dialog: We never liked each other much, you and I. At this, Victoria makes to protest, but Flora cuts her of
72) 12) dialog: I beg your pardon, Ma’am, but you will allow that honesty is the privilege of the dying. Which Victoria does not disagree with.
72) 13) dialog: You thought me cold and snobbish and lodged in Sir John Conroy's pocket. (CONTINUED )
72) 16) dialog: I thought you naive and headstrong and too young for the position you occupy. And we were both right in part. But not entirely.
72) 18) dialog: You have been foolish. Your devotion to Lord Melbourne and your anger at your mother both corrupted your judgement. But you have also shown the world your strength. This is difficult for Victoria but she accepts the critic
72) 20) dialog: For good or i11, you've brought down a Government, Ma'am! We've almost had riot in the streets! There’s power in you! In you, and not just in the Crown. More power than I ever imagined. Leave off these silly games of favouritism or revenge, and harness it!
72) 22) dialog: Your subjects may be angry, but they have not done with you yet. Just let your childish anger die with me. Turn your mind to the work ahead... For you are still at the start of a great adventure. The two enemies look at each other. There is peace in Flo guilt in Victoria's. The melody of “The Swan Song” is hea played on a solo piano.
73) 0) text: The headline, “LADY FLORA HASTINGS DEAD!” is pinned up. The Young Victoria, PINK REVISIONS, 8th Aug, 2007. page.