18) 0) text: A magnificent room, a magnificent company, Monarchy at it Candlelight flickers on tiaras and gems . The King and Qu their guests. The Lord Chamberlain's voice rings out. * (CONTINUED)
18) 3) dialog: The Duke of Wellington. The familiar figure with his Roman nose strides in. We he continuing instruction of Stockmar.
18) 7) dialog: Sir Robert Peel. A stiff and formal man enters the room. He advances towar Majesties and bows, then joins Wellington. We hear:
18) 10) dialog: The Duke and Duchess of Sutherland. Beyond Wellington and Peel, we glimpse the couple enter. Melbourne on the other side of the room. Wellington is go with Peel.
18) 16) dialog: Her Royal Highness the Princess Victoria. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent. The Lady Flora Hastings. The company breaks apart to make a channel for the women. the room, the Duchess of Sutherland whispers to Melbourne
38) 5) dialog: Long live the Queen. It is both moving and awe-inspiring as the Courtier and t of the Church bow in deference to this tiny figure in a s nightdress, with her shimmering hair.
40) 2) dialog: Is your Majesty ready? She nods. A footman opens the door.
40) 3) dialog: Her Majesty the Queen.
44) 0) text: Buckingham Palace A mounted soldier presents his sword as Victoria steps ou coach and looks at her new home. Lord Chamberlain welcome (CONTINUED)
51) 0) text: The Coronation Ball is as glamorous as the ceremony. Jewe uniforms, orders, feathers, an orchestra playing. The dan is empty. For the first time since the King’s death, Vict colours and the effect is enchanting. She is surrounded b princes. Melbourne hovers, watched by Albert from the edg crowd. The Lord Chamberlain bows. *
51) 1) dialog: If Your Majesty would open the ball... Victoria looks at the men around her. Who will have the h ox three look hopeful. So does Melbourne. Then she spots We stay on her face as she seems to be pulled magically t middle of the dance floor by a man. She whispers.
75) 3) dialog: His Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe— Coburg and Gotha. The Prince enters the gallery in a travelling costume of coat, with tight, pale, buckskin trousers and high boots. climbs, around his legs weave two superb greyhounds. It i impossible for a male human to be this handsome...