5) 0) text: The white head of King William IV is shaking with anger a shouts at his Prime Minister. This is Lord Melbourne, a h witty, beguiling man in middle age. Queen Adelaide is wit
5) 10) dialog: There's nothing to be gained by shouting at the Prime Minister.
5) 14) dialog: My poor sister in law. What is the hold that wicked man. has over her? The question is rhetorical but the two men catch each oth and say nothing.
20) 22) dialog: Enough, my dear. You have exhausted the topic. She looks at him firmly. With a glare at. his sister-in-l steps off. Victoria follows, the cynosure of all eyes.
36) 0) text: We are behind Queen Adelaide who watches from a high wind below, a coach pulls away from the castle.
45) 1) dialog: I’m sad you don’t care for poor George.
46) 0) text: Victoria is walking with Queen Adelaide, both in mourning capers along in front.
46) 6) dialog: Every suitor will have strings attached. (CONTINUED )
46) 10) dialog: You may dream of independence but you won't get it. From now on, everyone will push and pull you for their own advantage, Melbourne More than the rest. Just remember you're a queen, he’s a politician. And politicians, whatever their creed, always resent a monarchy. They pass through. You stay. So just keep “dear Lord M.” in his proper sphere. Something in this troubles Victoria, which Queen Adelaide Victoria ¢
46) 12) dialog: What? You mean your ladies~in-waiting? Did you ask him to? learly feels she’s on weakening ground.
46) 14) dialog: I warn you, the public won't stand for a liberal Court, when they elect a conservative government.
46) 17) dialog: If Melbourne's packed the palace with the wives of his supporters, there'll be trouble when he loses office. (CONTINUED )
61) 1) dialog: You reign by right of Parliament! And you must work with the voters’ choice!
62) 0) text: Victoria is with Queen Adelaide, arguing. (CONTINUED)
62) 3) dialog: Melbourne says what suits his interest! He’s used you to punish his enemies without thought of the damage to the Crown! My dear... She takes Victoria’s hand, her tone becoming tender.
62) 4) dialog: I wish you had an ally to help you in this.
62) 6) dialog: I mean an equal, and of your own age - But, somewhere outside the carriage, a man is shouting.
62) 9) dialog: You're confusing stubbornness with strength, my dear. And I warn you: The people will not like you for it! The roar of the crowd’s approval outside, is amplified by louder riot of angry shouting. Which Victoria seems to he INT. HOUSE OF COMMONS. VISITORS’ GALLERY. DAY. 96 Wellington and Melbourne, look down into a rowdy House of Peel is at the Despatch Box below, shouting to make himse (CONTINUED )
80) 0) text: Victoria is walking with Queen Adelaide.
80) 1) dialog: How’s Albert settling in?
80) 4) dialog: What does Lehzen say?
80) 6) dialog: Oh no. Anyone could see that. Her tone makes Victoria look at her. (CONTINUED )
80) 8) dialog: A man who does no work becomes ridiculous. And a poor man with a rich wife must work twice as hard as the rest. Besides, you've chosen well.
80) 10) dialog: You don't know that. You don’t know what I did. Adelaide sighs. For once, Victoria is not sure about this
80) 12) dialog: Then for Heaven's sake, let him! And do please tell dear Lehzen I said so. Victoria locks genuinely relieved, which is encouraging. 131 INT. ANTE ROOM. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. DAY. A servant is laying the table when Albert walks in. The Prince