32) 5) dialog: Bet the Bureau's accusing you of the same thing in Dallas. Mulder's weirded out as the stranger moves to him un- threateningly.
32) 7) dialog: Standing around holding your yank while bombs are exploding. Kurtzweil enjoys a little laugh over this.
32) 9) dialog: No. I've been watching your career for a good while. Back when you were just a promising young agent -- before that. Mulder stares at this man as he finishes, zipping up.
32) 11) dialog: Yeah, I did. Kurtzweil unzips his own pants now. There is a moment; one of those awkward moments where Mulder's not sure what's about to happen. But Kurtzweil's just relieving himself, too. Shuffling up to the wall, Mulder takes this as an opportunity to head back toward the bar. But Kurtzweil hails him again.
32) 12) dialog: My name's Kurtzweil. Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil.
32) 14) dialog: Old friend of your father's. Kurtzweil continues peeing. Knows this got Mulder's attention.
32) 15) dialog: Back at the Department of State. We were what you might call fellow travelers, but his disenchantment outlasted mine. (beat)
32) 16) text: I never believed in the Project. Mulder stares at Kurtzweil now. He's being toyed with. He turns, opens the door into the bar. As Kurtzweil gets a little louder.
32) 17) dialog: Oh, come on. Don't pretend you don't know about the Project. Your father died for it. Your sister was taken because of it. Kurtzweil finishes nature's call. Zips up. Heads after Mulder.
33) 0) text: Mulder is coming from the back. Kurtzweil moving to catch up. And he does, at the coat stand. The place has pretty much cleared out, except for the Barmaid and some help.
33) 2) dialog: Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight.
33) 4) dialog: I'm a doctor, but I think I mentioned that. OB-GYN.
33) 6) dialog: I came on my own. After reading about the bombing in Dallas.
33) 8) dialog: They're going to pin Dallas on you, Agent Mulder. But there was nothing you could've done. Nothing anyone could've done to prevent that bomb from going off. Because the truth is something you'd never have guessed; never have predicted. Mulder pulls away from Kurtzweil, but Kurtzweil dogs him to:
34) 2) dialog: S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb.
34) 5) dialog: What's the question nobody's asking? Why that building? Why not the Federal Building?
34) 7) dialog: No. They put the bomb in the building across the street because it DID have federal offices. The Federal Emergency Management Agency had a provisional medical quarantine office there. Which is where the bodies were found. But that's the thing... Mulder's got his hand up for a taxi coming. It's pulling over as Mulder steps from the curb, stepping away from Kurtzweil.
34) 8) dialog: ...the thing you didn't know. That you'd never think to check. Mulder's got the taxi door open, turning to Kurtzweil.
34) 9) dialog: Those people were already dead.
34) 11) dialog: That's what I'm saying. Mulder stares at Kurtzweil for a moment.
34) 13) dialog: Michaud was a patriot. The men he's loyal to know their way around Dallas. They blew that building to hide something. Maybe something even they couldn't predict.
34) 15) dialog: And one little boy. Mulder gets in the cab, closes the door. Rolls down the window.
34) 17) dialog: Do you? Kurtzweil raps the top of the roof and steps away from the car. As the taxi takes off. WE STAY WITH KURTZWEIL, watching Mulder's cab speed away. (NOTE: This should also be covered from inside the cab with Mulder, to play the scene out on him.)
49) 1) text: Kurtzweil has stepped from between two apartments. He's staring at Mulder, nodding furtively to him. Then stepping back.
50) 0) text: Mulder appears at the end of the narrow walkway, finding Kurtzweil tucked a few yards in.
50) 1) dialog: See this bullshit...? Somebody knows I'm talking to you.
50) 3) dialog: What is it? Kiddie porn again? Sexual battery of a patient? I've had my license taken away in three states.
50) 5) dialog: For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth.
50) 7) dialog: You know my work?
50) 9) text: Dr. Kurtzweil, I'm not interested in bigoted ideas about race or genocide. I don't believe in the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government --
50) 10) dialog: I don't either, but it sure sells books. He says it with an ironic smile. Causing Mulder to turn and start off. But Kurtzweil hurries to grab him, to prevent this.
50) 11) dialog: I was right about Dallas. Wasn't I, Agent Mulder?
50) 13) dialog: I picked up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the American government. The daily newspaper.
50) 15) dialog: According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder?
50) 17) dialog: And are you familiar with FEMA? What the Federal Emergency Management Agency's real power is? FEMA allows the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency. To create a non-elected government. Think about that. (beat)
50) 20) dialog: I'm saying it wasn't the Hanta virus. They are both given a start when a POLICE CRUISER rolls by on the street, giving a burp of its siren. It rolls past as the two men tuck in tighter.
50) 22) dialog: When we were young men in the military, your father and I were recruited for a project. They told us it was biological warfare. A virus. There were rumors about its origins.
50) 24) dialog: What killed them I won't even write about. I tell you, they'd do more than just harass me. They have the future to protect.
50) 26) dialog: (worked up)
50) 29) dialog: The plague to end all plagues, Agent Mulder. A silent weapon for a quiet war. The systematic release of an indiscriminate organism for which the men who will bring it on still have no cure. They've been working on this for fifty years. While the rest of the world was fighting gooks and commies these men have been secretly negotiating a planned Armageddon.
50) 31) dialog: I think you know. The timetable has been set. It will happen on a holiday, when people are away from their homes. When our elected officials are at their resorts or out of the country. The President will declare a state of emergency, at which time all federal agencies, all government will come under the power of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA, Agent Mulder. The secret government.
50) 33) dialog: Something's gone wrong -- something unanticipated. Go back to Dallas and dig. Or you're only going to find out like the rest of the country, Agent Mulder. When it's too late. Kurtzweil turns, starts off. Mulder stares after him. Then:
50) 35) dialog: You can't. Mulder moves to catch up to Kurtzweil, pulling out his cell phone. Kurtzweil stops, turns. Truly and intensely paranoid. Mulder makes him take the cell phone.
85) 1) dialog: Sitting at a booth at the dark rear of the establishment. Mulder enters frame, sitting down across from him. Kurtzweil is jumpy, but he sees from Mulder's expression that something's up.
85) 2) dialog: You found something?
85) 4) dialog: What?
85) 6) dialog: -- You saw this experiment?
85) 10) dialog: What do you think?
85) 12) dialog: That would be my guess.
86) 0) text: Near the bathrooms. Mulder catches up to Kurtzweil.
86) 3) dialog: Yeah, well I don't have them all.
86) 5) dialog: I've been using you?!
86) 7) dialog: I told you -- he and I were old friends --
87) 0) text: Mulder busts out the back door, chasing Kurtzweil.
87) 2) dialog: You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you.
87) 4) dialog: And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder. And with that he turns now, striding off. Leaving Mulder to deal with the excellent logic of this. When suddenly Mulder reacts to A NOISE. Somewhere above him.
96) 0) text: A FIGURE appears at the end of the alley, moving toward us. It could be Mulder from this distance, but as the figure comes closer we recognize him as Kurtzweil. Moving into the f.g., checking behind him, ahead of him. Jumpy. He takes a cautious beat, then moves to the door leading into the bar (established), reaching for the knob. Opening it, finding the Well-Manicured Man standing there.
96) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ. Kurtzweil is shaken by the sight of this man. Backpedaling a bit, looking around and behind him for an ambush.
96) 5) text: I forgive you that. Kurtzweil is thrown by the words, and the delivery. Stopping his backward progress. Studying this upright and civil man.
96) 6) dialog: What are you doing here? What do you want from me?
96) 8) text: A TOWN CAR has pulled into the alley behind him. Accelerating fast down the narrow corridor. Effectively trapping Kurtzweil in. As he squints into its headlights, then turns back with fear in his eyes to the W.M.M.