39) 0) text: The field where the kids had been digging has been transformed into some kind of worksite. A LARGE WHITE DOMED TENT has been erected over almost the entire patch of ground, surrounded by the CARGO TRUCKS that we saw earlier, and more unmarked vans and trucks. There are men in black fatigues moving about, and scientists in haz-mat suits. As the UNMARKED BLACK HELICOPTERS bank overhead. Coming in for a landing in the glow cast from the tents. CAMERA MOVING TOWARD one of the helicopters as it lightly touches down and its black door swings open. A man stepping out, and as CAMERA PUSHES UP INTO HIS FACE we recognize him as The Cigarette Smoking Man. The figure that we've come to know as an assassin and a model of modern self-interest and amorality. One of the central protagonists in the conspiracy to keep the truth from the American people about the existence of extraterrestrial life. Something known only as: "The Project." He walks out from under the whirring prop, just far enough to get a flame from his lighter, to get a cigarette lit. As we:
40) 2) dialog: You've got something to show me.
41) 2) dialog: Brought on by what?
41) 4) dialog: This man's still alive.
41) 6) dialog: How can this be?
41) 9) text: The Cigarette Smoking Man's mind is working intently on all the possibilities, and consequences.
41) 11) dialog: No. No...we need to try our vaccine on it.
41) 13) dialog: Incinerate it. Like the others.
41) 15) dialog: Tell them he was trying to save the young boy's life, and that he died heroically like the other firemen.
41) 17) dialog: They seemed to buy our story about the Hanta virus. You'll make sure the families are taken care of financially, along with a sizeable donation to the community. (beat)
58) 1) text: Where the body of the fireman is still inside the quarantine bubble litter in f.g. Bronschweig takes out of his pocket a SYRINGE and an AMPULE. Turning now to the body. Stepping to it. Moving a work light, as he had done for the Cigarette Smoking Man, so that it shines on the face of the fireman. But when he does this, Bronschweig nearly JUMPS, his breath stolen away. Reacting to:
64) 0) text: A CHILD'S SCREAM OF JOY. ENGLISH CHILDREN are playing tag or some kind of children's game in the well-manicured garden of a man who the CAMERA FINDS IN F.G. -- the man we have come to know as THE WELL-MANICURED MAN. He is also a member of the syndicate running "The Project", though his venality is cloaked in civility and statesmanship. Right now he's watching the children from the back steps of his mansion, charmed by their game. When he is called by someone o.s.
65) 2) dialog: Yes.
65) 3) dialog: 
65) 5) dialog: Is it an emergency?
65) 7) dialog: Yes. A meeting is set. Tonight in London, to determine a course.
65) 8) dialog: Who called this meeting?
65) 9) dialog: Strughold. He's just gotten on a plane in Tunis. This pronouncement has the power of ending any further questions. An immediate sense of gravity of the situation. The W.M.M. hangs up, moves to the window where he sees some of the HELP is running from the house. The children have all gathered around a BOY who seems to have hurt himself. He's lifted and being carried by the man who's called the W.M.M. into the house. Off the Well-Manicured Man's concern, we:
66) 0) text: A discreet Town Car pulls up out front an understated building in a better West End neighborhood. A driver exits coming around for the Well-Manicured Man who is already exiting, moving to the building. As a LEGEND appears: KENSINGTON, LONDON: 8:01 PM.
67) 0) text: The Well-Manicured Man is admitted by a Valet. The interior has the well-heeled look of money, or a finely appointed residence that no one lives in. The Valet takes the W.M.M.'s coat.
67) 1) dialog: Has Strughold arrived?
68) 0) text: A GROUP OF MEN are standing, looking at something on a TV monitor. A surveillance video. They turn when the W.M.M. enters. CAMERA FAVORING A SMALL LEAN MAN with close-cropped hair. He is at once elegant and imposing with eyes that hold you with laser-like acuity. He is CONRAD STRUGHOLD. The others are of various ethnicities, tailored and dignified. This might be a collection of U.N. delegates. Indeed some are. Their business here, however, doesn't represent anyone's interests but their own. As tipped by the attendance of a GROUP ELDER from the U.S. who we've come to know. But, more importantly, by the Cigarette Smoking Man who holds the VCR remote. He pauses the picture.
68) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. My grandson fell and broke his leg. The non-response to this has the same effect as a reprimand. But the W.M.M. will not apologize of kowtow.
68) 6) dialog: More concerns than that?
68) 10) dialog: On its own?
68) 11) dialog: Its effect on the host has changed. The virus no longer just invades the brain as a controlling organism. It's developed a way to modify the host body.
68) 12) dialog: Into what?
68) 14) dialog: My god...
68) 16) dialog: This isn't Colonization, it's spontaneous repopulation. All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along. We've been laboring under a lie!
68) 18) dialog: How can we know?!
68) 20) dialog: In hope of what? Learning that it's true?! That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?!
68) 23) dialog: And if it doesn't? By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise! Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all.
68) 25) dialog: They still need us to carry out their preparations.
68) 27) dialog: Our vaccine may have no effect!
68) 29) dialog: My lateness may have well been absence. A course has already been taken.
68) 30) dialog: There are complications. He turns back to the TV monitor where Mulder and Scully remain frozen on the screen.
68) 31) dialog: Do they know?
68) 32) dialog: Mulder was in Dallas when we were trying to dispose of evidence. He's gone back there again. Someone has tipped him.
68) 33) dialog: Who?
68) 34) dialog: Kurtzweil, we think.
68) 36) dialog: No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank.
68) 40) dialog: I can control Mulder. I've always controlled Mulder.
68) 42) dialog: You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him.
68) 44) dialog: (personalizing the inference)
96) 0) text: A FIGURE appears at the end of the alley, moving toward us. It could be Mulder from this distance, but as the figure comes closer we recognize him as Kurtzweil. Moving into the f.g., checking behind him, ahead of him. Jumpy. He takes a cautious beat, then moves to the door leading into the bar (established), reaching for the knob. Opening it, finding the Well-Manicured Man standing there.
96) 1) dialog: Dr. Kurtzweil, isn't it? Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil?
96) 3) dialog: You're surprised. Certainly you've been expecting some response to your indiscretion. The W.M.M. steps out of the doorway, following Kurtzweil.
96) 4) dialog: I'm quite sure whatever you told Agent Mulder, you have your good reason. It's a weakness in men our age; the urge to confess. (stopping his walk)
96) 7) dialog: You must try to understand, what I'm here to do is only to protect my children. You and I have but short lives left. I can only hope the same isn't true for them. On this note, Kurtzweil turns and hoofs it back in the direction from which he came. TRACKING BACK WITH HIM until HEADLIGHTS hit his face.
99) 0) text: Mulder passing the bathrooms, moving to the door where we saw the Well-Manicured Man standing just a short bit ago. But there is no one back here now. Mulder moves to the back door, the one leading to the alley, pushing it open and finding: The Well-Manicured Man stands with HIS DRIVER closing the trunk on the idling Town Car (which has been turned around.) The W.M.M. turns to see:
99) 1) dialog: Mr. Mulder.
99) 3) dialog: He's come and gone. The W.M.M. moves to Mulder, who doesn't trust him for a second. Mulder is still breathing hard, sizing up this scene.
99) 5) dialog: I have answers for you.
99) 7) dialog: Yes. Mulder stares at the W.M.M. - measuring him.
99) 8) dialog: I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed.
99) 10) dialog: I think of it as an agreement. A word your father liked to use.
99) 12) dialog: The location of Agent Scully. And the means to save her life. (off Mulder's look)
100) 2) dialog: A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours.
100) 5) dialog: No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet.
100) 8) dialog: A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks.
100) 10) dialog: No! For God sake you've got it all backwards. This outburst comes suddenly, unexpectedly.
100) 11) dialog: Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs.
100) 13) dialog: Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine. (beat)
100) 15) dialog: Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race.
100) 17) dialog: Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species. (beat)
100) 21) dialog: The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone. (beat)
100) 24) dialog: I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked.
100) 26) dialog: As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future.
100) 28) dialog: Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk. Mulder stares at the W.M.M., at his cold-blooded expression.
100) 30) dialog: (motioning)
100) 32) dialog: The men I work with will stop at nothing to clear the way for what they believe is their stake in the inevitable future. I was ordered to kill Kurtzweil. A necessary action to protect my grandchildren's lives. (beat)
100) 34) dialog: Trust no one, Mr. Mulder. Mulder looks at The Well-Manicured Man, expecting to be next. And for a moment, we do too. But the W.M.M. simply opens the door and steps out of the car. Holding the door open for Mulder who is still frozen by the actions that went just before.
101) 0) text: Mulder steps out of the car, holding the felt envelope. The Well-Manicured Man stands with a sober, intense look.
101) 1) dialog: (with quiet force)
101) 4) dialog: The vaccine you hold is the only defense against the virus. Its introduction into an alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plans we've so assiduously protected for the last fifty years. (beat)
101) 7) dialog: Find Agent Scully. Save her. Only her science can save the future.
101) 9) dialog: My life is over. (beat)
101) 11) dialog: Go now! And Mulder does. Moving away from the car, looking back over his shoulder. As the Well-Manicured Man gets back into the limousine, closes the door. A moment later... THE CAR EXPLODES INTO FLAMES, knocking Mulder to the ground.
107) 0) text: LOW ANGLE on the great white expanse. Across which a snow tractor is moving. PANNING with the vehicle to... Mulder's snow tractor, where the first tractor stops, its headlights trained on Mulder's ride. A beat, then the discovering machine moves out again, following the tracks that Mulder has left, which brings it STRAIGHT TOWARD CAMERA. As it passes us, we can see the DRIVER and the Cigarette Smoking Man sitting in the cabin. As we:
114) 0) text: We can hear low end rumble and vibration. TWO DOZEN MEN are streaming out of the dome tents. Moving to their carious snow tractors and starting the vehicles. A small exodus, the tractors pulling out of camp in a rush. Heading off in various directions. CAMERA FINDING THE CIGARETTE SMOKING MAN moving to his tractor, with THE MAN WHO SHOT MULDER. Taking the last drag of his cigarette before throwing it into the snow. He stares down at it a moment, as if caught in the grip of some emotion conflicting with duty. The Man who shot Mulder inside the tractor now, throwing open the door for the CSM.
114) 1) dialog: C'mon. It's all going to hell. He climbs up onto the vehicle, gets in and closes the door. And the vehicle pulls away as we:
126) 0) text: The large room filled with the evidence and debris from the bombing. It is dark. Until A FLASHLIGHT BEAM pricks the blackness, moving toward us into f.g. Carried by the man we now recognize as The Man Who Shot Mulder. He moves with directness, purpose. Finding what he's looking for amid the cataloged material, he finds on a work bench. Next to the microscope Scully had used. It is the BONE FRAGMENTS, held in an evidence container. He pockets them and exits as quiet and directly as he entered.
129) 0) text: We are JUST ABOVE THE TREETOPS. The Capitol Dome is in the far distance. CAMERA CRANING DOWN to find Mulder sitting by himself on a park bench. We are WIDE. There is no one else around. Until the Cigarette Smoking Man appears. Walking through the otherwise deserted park. Joining Mulder on the park bench.
129) 2) dialog: Congratulations on your survival. Your life is worthless now, I hope you know that.
129) 4) dialog: (derisive)