4) 1) dialog: On the floor below covered with dirt, in his nose and mouth. Spitting out. (All these boys have Texas in their voices.)
4) 2) dialog: I got...I got....I got.... (straining)
4) 8) dialog: Human skull. One side partially missing from the cranium. But it brings WHOOPS of delight from the boys above.
4) 10) dialog: No way, buttwipe. I found it. It's mine.
4) 11) text: The other boys looking down at him. Stevie looking at the skull. Strangely, the light shines through it. It is milky, opaque, as if it's bone that's turned somehow glassy in places. Then:
4) 12) dialog: Anyways, there's bones all over the place down here. Stevie looks down at his feet. CAMERA FOLLOWING HIS LOOK DOWN to where there are indeed more human bones. And something else. He takes a couple of steps in place, standing in a familiar BLACK, OILY substance -- which is climbing up his tennis shoe from the rock floor, over the edge of the shoe and down into the shoe itself. Then the SKULL drops in the frame, clattering on the hard floor of the cave.
4) 16) dialog: His face suddenly alive with the subcutaneous worms. Moving toward his eyes which begin filling with BLACK OIL. Looking much now like ALIEN EYES.
7) 1) text: Stevie's feet are just visible on the floor of the cave, a short distance away.
8) 7) text: I sent four men down after the boy. They're not responding. Dr. Bronschweig's focus is elsewhere, though. He's making a bee line to the earthen hole where young Stevie is being pulled out and lifted into an enclosed QUARANTINE BUBBLE LITTER by the rescue squad. Bronschweig watches with great concern. Getting a good look now at Stevie's paralyzed body as it passes him.
104) 0) text: Where Mulder's body falls through a ceiling of snowscape crust, landing on his back with a THUD on a hard surface. It takes him a moment to catch his breath, somewhat reminiscent of Stevie at the beginning of the picture. Wincing through the pain. Until he turns over, regaining his wits, and his bearings.