68) 0) text: A GROUP OF MEN are standing, looking at something on a TV monitor. A surveillance video. They turn when the W.M.M. enters. CAMERA FAVORING A SMALL LEAN MAN with close-cropped hair. He is at once elegant and imposing with eyes that hold you with laser-like acuity. He is CONRAD STRUGHOLD. The others are of various ethnicities, tailored and dignified. This might be a collection of U.N. delegates. Indeed some are. Their business here, however, doesn't represent anyone's interests but their own. As tipped by the attendance of a GROUP ELDER from the U.S. who we've come to know. But, more importantly, by the Cigarette Smoking Man who holds the VCR remote. He pauses the picture.
68) 1) dialog: We began to worry. Some of us have traveled so far, and you are the last to arrive.
68) 3) dialog: While we've been made to wait, we've watched surveillance tapes which have raised more concerns. The Well-Manicured Man glances to the TV, sees the frame paused.
68) 7) dialog: We've been forced to reassess our role in Colonization by new facts of biology which have presented themselves.
68) 13) dialog: A new extraterrestrial biological entity. It takes a moment to sink in. The weight of this fact.
68) 15) dialog: The geometry of mass infection presents certain conceptual re-evaluations for us. About our place in their Colonization.
68) 19) dialog: We're going to tell them what we've found. What we've learned. Turn over a body infected with the gestating organism.
68) 21) dialog: Let me remind you who is the new race. And who is the old. (beat)
68) 24) dialog: Cooperation is our only chance of saving ourselves.
68) 26) dialog: We'll continue to use them as they do us. If only to play for more time, to continue work on our vaccine.
68) 28) dialog: Well, without a cure for the virus, we're nothing more than digestives anyway. All eyes go to the Well-Manicured Man. He is respected, if not the odd man out in this room. But he is all restrained anger now.
68) 35) dialog: We've allowed this man his freedom. His books have actually helped us to facilitate plausible denial. Has he outlived his usefulness to us?
68) 37) dialog: And Mulder?
68) 41) dialog: This may take another approach. He says this, casting his look toward the Well-Manicured Man. A look of cold malevolence. The W.M.M.'s reaction is disdain.
68) 43) dialog: You need not kill a man to destroy him.